very_bad The makers of In Her Skin must be prepared to cut a check to anyone who ever read, wrote, made, or saw The Lovely Bones. 
fair While it's not possible to fix everything, series co-creator Brad Wright did a bang-up job putting a new polish on this installment. 
best The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot. 
fair We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him. 
good The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty. 
bad You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy. 
bad Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ... 
bad It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing. 
terrible The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough. 
bad A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick. 
terrible Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared. 
bad A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title. 
bad Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two. 
bad I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing. 
fair The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company. 
very_bad Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm. 
fair With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century. 
bad What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh. 
fair Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation. 
very_bad [Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ... 
bad The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump. 
very_bad This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people. 
very_bad Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit. 
good An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man. 
terrible The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation. 
bad It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining. 
very_bad An amiable mess. 
good This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema. 
bad A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull. 
good Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled. 
bad An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values. 
good Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naive, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others. 
good This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right. 
terrible An absolutely interminable piece of work... 
bad Extended takes allow the cast (rooted in 70s alternative theatre) to improvise conversations with naturalistic results; discussions about grief, marriage, faltering love and mistimed connections ring true. 
very_bad The problem is that the protagonists are so unengaging. 
bad This is a minor-key film: delicate, sober and thoughtful. 
very_bad The film needed more heat and fluency, more inter-melting of components. 
terrible Shallow insights in the long grass make for a dozy yet irritating afternoon in the Kent countryside. 
very_bad An improvised, no-budget British drama with the cringe factor of watching your mum doing am-dram. 
very_bad The best one can say is that it was probably fun being in it, and what it's doing getting released in cinemas is anyone's guess. 
bad Much better than the am-dram washout it could so easily have been, there's nuggets of truth and wisdom in this lo-fi drama. 
very_bad The pace picks up towards the end, but whether you'll still care by that point is another matter. 
very_bad excellent performers can't compensate for the film's biggest problem - lack of originality 
very_bad Filmmaker Love brings these characters to vivid life, but they're all so hateful, racist and idiotic that we don't like them at all! 
good Clearly, Brakhage's film has had a tremendous impact on both the avant-garde film movement and mainstream cinema, but uneasy rests the crown of a self-important classic. 
very_bad Lessons on mastering the sexy #selfie are among the few delights in Women Who Flirt. That makes this energetic but derivative Chinese rom-com about as functional as a BuzzFeed list. 
fair If its payoff is predictably drippy, the movie quickly regains its comic mojo with a credit-sequence parody of a '90s Hollywood romance. 
good A candid, and painfully honest look into the life of the luminary, iconic Nina Simone. 
bad More like a primer on her life than an in-depth study. 
bad What Happened, Miss Simone? is another example of Wikipedia-entry-as-cinema, but with a life this remarkable, it's still worth a look. 
very_good Still Bill is about a man who topped the charts, walked away from it all in 1985 and is pleased that he did. 
very_good A captivating, insightful, revealing and surprisingly moving documentary. 
bad Much of the biographical documentary Still Bill, about the singer Bill Withers, is pleasant and even moving. 
very_good ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent. 
very_good While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made. 
bad ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible. 
very_good Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist 
good Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness. 
very_good It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one. 
best Un clasico 
good Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking. 
very_good This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation. 
good ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended. 
best Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky. 
best One of Chaplin's best. 
best Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be, 
best O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema. 
very_good Funny, beautiful, and chilling. 
best It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal. 
very_good Director Julien Duvivier took the conventional mix of love and bullets and made it into dark poetry. 
very_good Captures the vibrancy of colonial Northern Africa with intimate sensual detail 
best am most amazed at how well it has survived the test of time. 
best the film that made consummate French actor Jean Gabin a star 
good You have to like a movie that was the true inspiration to that famous animated skunk Pepe le Pew. 
very_good An irresistibly entertaining drama of dreamy, doom-laden romantic fatalism, a vividly atmospheric film noir years before noir was cool. 
best The French original has it all over on the Hollywood version in the way it conveys atmosphere. 
very_good Retains its power to amuse and enthrall 65 years after its debut. 
best Pepe le Moko, made in 1937, begins with that tinny, swooning French soundtrack music that conjures up European movies before the war, but it isn't until a few minutes later that you realize you're in for something special. 
best Excitingly filmed with North African footage mixed with superb sets. 
best A timeless romantic thriller that steeps us in one of those great artificial movie worlds that become more overpowering than reality itself. 
best Beautifully crafted, movingly acted, still involving and entertaining, this is just the kind of film people are talking about when they say they don't make them like this anymore. 
best One of the most purely enjoyable films ever made. 
terrible Worthless and non-sensical remake of a true horror classic. 
best This dark operatic movie looks like Burton meant every bit of it, that he shared this story's longing for death and night and blood. 
bad This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling. 
best This magnificently realized musical from Stephen Sondheim contains the right blend of emotional pathos, stunning visuals and accessible songs. 
bad It's gross but will it gross? Burton and Depp's cannibal musical is an especially acquired taste - Oliver! reimagined by Eli Roth. Brave, brutal... ballads? 
fair Sweeney Todd may just be that rare musical with broad appeal to audiences who might normally say they don't care for the genre. 
bad Sweeney Todd is a throat-slasher of a motion picture. It creates a new genre -- the slasher musical. Adapted from the Tony-winning Broadway musical by Stephen Sondheim, it's the tuneful tale of cutthroat's revenge. 
best [Burton's] vision of a dark and smoggy nineteenth century London, with muted colors, is perfect for the music and the story. 
very_good Depp's staggering performance perfectly merges the story's humour, horror and romance into a serious punch to the gut. 
very_good One of the best movies of his career. 
good Burton was born to film this strange and spooky chamber piece. 
good In all honesty, neither Depp nor Carter possess stage-quality voices. Instead, both muster emotional performances that sell the parts without selling the music. 
bad There is much to like in Burton's Sweeney Todd and much not to like, a rather hit-and-miss affair. 
best Burton's juxtaposition of the musical numbers with horror is pretty much as entertaining as the medium of film can get. 
fair In addition to branding Sweeney Todd with his signature look, Burton successfully takes advantage of the medium of film in his adaptation the musical. 
best I cannot wait to go see this film again and I really want to buy the soundtrack. 
very_good The movie belongs to Depp and Bonham Carter, who dance slowly and seductively against the backdrop of Burton's London until it's time to paint the town red. 
best Sweeney Todd ranks among this year's most intense, haunting, and startling films; the fact that it also features great songs by Stephen Sondheim is just gravy on the meat pie. 
very_good Burton took on a risky proposition when he chose to bring Sweeney Todd to the screen. While the result doesn't knock my socks off, it's plenty good enough to report that the risk paid off. 
very_good We all knew Johnny Depp could act. The brilliantly imagined Sweeney Todd shows he can sing, too. 
fair The difference here is that film audiences are used to blood. So some of the chilling effect is lost... 
bad Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a dark and terrifying love story, as much a horror film as a musical extravaganza. 
best Tim Burton delivers his best film yet. 
bad I was bored out of my skull during many a scene in this film, and wouldn't dare recommend it to anyone who, like me, doesn't like old fashioned musicals. 
very_good Musical-haters don't have to endure glorious kicklines (Hairspray) and opera lovers can focus on the leads' close-ups. If someone sees the movie and then goes to see a stage production, the enormity of this play will blow their brains open. 
very_bad Un musical soporifero y sangriento que parecia ideal para la macabra imaginacion de Tim Burton, pero que resulta una verdadera decepcion. 
fair H panemorfi apeikonisi toy heiroteroy Londinoy tis istorias toy ap' ton Tim Burton, ap' to ena mati mpainei ki ap' to allo bgainei, prosferontas mpoliki ikanopoiisi tin ora poy ksediplonetai, alla elahista na pareis mazi soy ekso ap' tin aithoysa. 
good Resume perfeitamente as principais qualidades e os maiores defeitos de Tim Burton. 
bad Tim Burton takes his trademarks and destroys one of theater's great musicals. 
very_good With a great supporting cast and some killer (pardon the pun) musical numbers, this is award winning stuff. 
bad Burton's best film since Ed Wood will come in handy for anyone in need of something for the weekend. 
good Gruesomely satisfying, fans of both Burton and Sondheim are equally liable to be pleased with this marvelous meeting of minds. If the film sags a little at times, its technical prowess and superlative cast ensure we don't dwell on this for too long. 
good A grimy concoction from Hell's own kitchen, laced with black humour and seasoned with hauntingly beautiful music. Tuck in. 
fair A thoughtful, sincere and moving film, buttressed by a fine, central performance by an actor at the top of his form. 
bad This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling. 
best In his sixth collaboration with Burton, Depp delivers a stunning performance that combines horror, black comedy and genuine heartache, like an evil version of Edward Scissorhands -- he deservedly received an Oscar nomination earlier this week. 
good Whether horror fans are ready for high-notes or musical buffs will appreciate Dario Argento levels of gore is an open question, but this is a rich, demented experience. 
fair Deserves kudos for attempting to bring a cerebral and extremely violent story, told almost entirely in song, to the multiplex masses. It's just a shame that, ironically, there's little humanity beneath Sweeney Todd's sumptuous outer pastry. 
fair It may be too much for some, but for those who can appreciate the tastefully tasteless, it's a feverish jolt to the senses to see such beautiful music and pathos paired with such horrid images. 
best One of the years best films, musical or otherwise. 
good Tim Burton's morbid imagination is a good match for Stephen Sondheim's noir guignol operetta... 
good Movie is darker, much bloodier than stage musical. 
best Did I mention lately how very much I love Tim Burton's brain? Few could have taken, would have dared to take, a musical stage play of this depth and managed to make it into such a beautiful film. Burton and his gang have though. Read On-> 
good One word sums this up. Bravo! 
very_good If only Johnny Depp had made his Willy Wonka this disturbingly attractive. 
very_good The brooding gothic romanticism of the source material plays right into Burton's cinematic wheelhouse. 
bad Love the play, but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth. 
good The imagery, music, and intoxicating blend of vengeance and madness--with just a smidgen of Priest; you'll see, if you don't already know--will linger long after you leave the theater. 
very_good Murder, music, and monsters happily drenched in blood. 
fair Should have been a standing triple for Burton to hit off the wall instead of hitting it head-on until the guignol nature became less than grand. 
very_good What the movie version of Sweeney Todd preserves best is the corrosive power of Todd's revenge and the intricate rhymes of Sondheim's lyrics. 
good ... Burton and Depp put their stamp on Sweeney Todd, bringing the Demon Barber of Fleet Street to life for a whole new audience. 
best This black cauldron of a film, with its spider-blood visual scheme, may be the purest example of imagemaking the movies have given us in far too long. 
fair This version glories in the gory. Depp's singing limitations rob the character of Sweeney of his all-important contagious savage fury. 
very_good Admittedly it is bloody as hell, but there's something just stylish enough about the way it's executed -- pun intended -- that even viewers with weak constitutions should be able to stomach the violence. 
fair Unparalleled visual splendor, a bloody red-velvet fever dream of a musical for people who think they HATE musicals. 
very_good A wickedly entertaining blood feast. 
very_good [W]e haven't seen this much hemoglobin in a Johnny Depp film since the infamous blood geyser in A Nightmare on Elm Street. 
fair A movie musical for people who don't like musicals, in the way that -- for example -- Kenneth Branagh's 'Frankenstein' was a horror movie for people who don't like horror movies. 
fair It's like Dario Argento blood just spurting everywhere... 
good It has vision to spare, which is rare enough in the modern cinema, and it was made by a director clearly in love with his material, which is rarer. It is not the definitive version of the musical, but maybe we don't need a definitive version. 
good The most elegant slasher movie ever made. 
very_good Mesmerizing and highly entertaining. 
very_good Tim Burton's grand guignol fantasy transforms Stephen Sondheim's 1979 musical-theater piece into a cheerfully gothic morality tale. 
very_good It's easily Burton's best since, well, ever. 
good I'm a tough audience for Sweeney Todd, since I've probably played the original cast album a thousand times, but even I think it's worth your time. 
bad Stylized but spasmodic, this Sweeney seems more interested in distancing than captivating an audience. 
very_good It's Sondheim's gorgeously dissonate score that makes the greatest impact. The lush strings and emphatic horns can't help but lift the spirit even as they chill the bones. 
fair While certainly not for all viewers, and even if it takes a bit to gain viewer engagement and traction, the film turns out to be, pardon the obligatory pun, fairly bloody fun. 
good Depp may not be a trained singer, but his voice is more than passable, and his presence -- his Sweeney is Edward Scissorhands gone bad -- is perfect. 
best By all means go, and be prepared for a holiday musical like no other. 
very_good Visually expansive and imaginative. 
very_good The wait for a good Tim Burton movie is finally over. 
best A great film, a landmark in musical cinema and the best movie of 2007. 
good The most faithful and effective transfer of a musical to screen I've seen. And bloody good fun besides. 
very_good Sondheim's original musical was already a mad synthesis of Jacobean shock, Brechtian irony and Dickensian pathos -- to which Burton's lush visuals add another layer of aesthetic distance. The overall effect is somewhere between melodrama and camp. 
very_good No sentiment goes unbloodied in [Burton's] exuberantly dark Sweeney Todd. 
best There's something about the 1979 Stephen Sondheim musical that awakened something audacious and inspired in Burton, sparking him to make his best film since "Ed Wood." 
best It combines some of Tim Burton's favorite elements: The fantastic, the ghoulish, the bizarre, the unspeakable, the romantic and in Johnny Depp, he has an actor he has worked with since Edward Scissorhands and finds a perfect instrument. 
bad This isn't a movie for lovers of Sondheim's grimly funny musical, as most of the jokes fall flat in this joyless version. It's a movie for people who'd like to hear Depp do another British accent and wear a Bride of Frankenstein wig. 
good A conceptual masterstroke. Sweeney always wanted to be a revenger's tragedy to make us recoil in fright. Now it is. Merry Christmas. 
very_bad Poor Depp isn't up to the challenge of a musical. He may look menacing with his ivory skin and flashing eyes, but he sings like he's three drinks into a night at the local karaoke bar. 
good Touches on Dostoevskian notions of playing God and purging the world of its lowlife rabble, and at times Todd seems something of a proletariat hero, exacting class reparations by night and knife. 
fair Very charming in its dark and twisted way, although not without some flaws and odd choices. 
best Pairing his Burton's whimsy with Stephen Sondheim's witty lyrics and lilting melodies makes for a combination as engrossing as it is unlikely. 
very_good There's no hole in the floor for an orchestra pit,there's a lot of CGI and some razor-keen wit.If you don't know the show, just roll with it 
best As the perfect marriage of maker and material, this dark, disturbing splatter-etta stands as the best film of 2007. 
very_good It pulls you into Burton's world with its stunning performances and visuals. 
fair [Sweeney Todd] is a wonder to behold, but only those with Burton's acquired tastes would want to sample a pie overstuffed with such joylessness. 
best the perfect movie this holiday for anyone sick of jingle bells and angels getting their wings. 
best [It] works as a big screen version of one of the great achievements of the musical stage, as a dark and scary horror film, and as Tim Burton's finest film in over a decade. 
good Burton's work here is strong and self-assured and never allows the lavish production design to dominate the storytelling. 
bad Sweeney Todd is exactly the musical Burton fans have wished him to make. It's a bloody mess of vengeance and lost love, full of throat-slitting mayhem. 
good It's a delightfully bloody trip to a grimy, but melodic, Victorian London. 
good It's as if Stephen Sondheim's musical was meant to be a Tim Burton movie all along. 
very_good Delightfully gruesome, it is laced with morbid humor, and yet a sense of tragedy and loss weighs heavily upon it. 
good A consistently great experience, and I'd love to go back and see it again in three weeks when the Hot Topic generation has latched on to it and will be singing along in the theater. 
bad The material, a Gothic yarn of bloody revenge, seems specially suited for the macabre hand of Tim Burton, but alas, such is not the case. 
very_good I'm not sure Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd works very well as a musical, but it's one hell of a movie. 
best Sweeney Todd is often considered Stephen Sondheim's masterpiece; it's too early to say, but it may be Tim Burton's as well. 
best Burton has made some great pictures--Sweeney Todd is the culmination of them. 
very_good Sweeney Todd is the creative peak of an eccentric career and one of the year's very best films. 
fair Tim Burton's scaled-down adaptation chooses style over substance. The result, however, is still a pretty enjoyable film. 
very_good Sweeney Todd is as much a horror film as a musical. It is also something close to a masterpiece. 
very_good Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess. Instead, it's bloody good fun. 
fair for all its unmistakable faults, it casts such a complete spell that I'm chomping at the bit to see it again 
bad Singers that can't sing, repetitive tunes that aren't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies. 
fair Sure to make you nervous to get a haircut. 
very_good Director Tim Burton has found the right look and, more crucially, the right scale for his film version of the grandiose 1979 Broadway musical thriller. 
very_good It is rare for a film to achieve a feeling of unequivocal, breathtaking transcendence, but Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street does just that. 
very_good What a pleasure it is, then, to report that Burton's version tends more to the abattoir than the amusement park... 
bad Two hours of singing is going to bore the pants off of gore-starved viewers, and the last-reel gore is going to scare the pants of the foofy Broadway types. And that means a theatre full of people without pants. 
good Abetted by Wolski's swooping, receding camera and Jonathan Tunick's propulsive orchestrations, Burton makes this as fluid and dynamic as any screen ride this year, musical or otherwise. 
best One of the most memorable films of the year. 
good Dismal sets, cartoonish gore and Johnny Depp singing -- what's so appealing about that? Just about everything, actually. 
good A striking if stomach-turning big-screen treatment. 
very_good You'll be twisted, manipulated and repulsed, but always entertained. You might also find yourself uttering "God, That's Good." 
fair If you can handle the blood-spurting scenes Sweeney Todd might be a movie to check out after the glow of the holiday bulbs has dimmed. 
good Turns out Sweeney Todd needed Tim Burton more than Tim Burton needed Sweeney Todd. 
very_good [Depp and Bonham Carter] provide this rousing musical with the emotional heft necessary to prevent it from merely becoming an exercise in Gothic chic. 
best An invigorating experience that ranks among the best stage-to-screen translations ever filmed. 
fair In the end, the real problem with the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is that he's not as bloody fun as he should be. 
best Everything a Burton picture should be, everything a musical should be, everything the play should be and everything the venerable horror story of good old Sweeney should be. 
good Despite the weak vocal work, the film does nevertheless border on brilliance, and seems to be a shoo in for an Academy Award nomination. 
very_good Tell me, is it good? Sir, it's too good at least. It's mighty entertainment that makes you feel sorry for the poor saps in the next theater at the multiplex. 
bad Revenge is a dish best served cold, exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton's cutthroat musical. 
good A Grand Guignol, with plot elements from Jacobean tragedy, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Jack the Ripper, it's the perfect melange for the master of the macabre, Tim Burton. 
best Keeping every performer on point, Burton draws the strongly structured material together to produce a black comedy and still blacker tragedy surging with jugular urgency. It haunts the mind for days. 
very_good This grisly, grim and ghoulish gothic tale of vengeance is a thoroughly entertaining gore-filled experience, whether you're a fan of musicals or not. 
best A cynical, chill-inducing, blood-splattering cinematic operetta! Forget about your preconceptions - and relish one of the 10 Best Movies of 2007. 
best This Sweeney Todd blasts audaciously away with all the forces and resources of cinematic realization in a smashing production. 
very_good It's awash in grimly gorgeous sights, mercilessly dark humor, oddly amusing tunes, and all sorts of strange goings-on ... Burton and Depp strike gothic gold once again. 
very_good Sweeney Todd is a thriller-diller from start to finish: scary, monstrously funny and melodically thrilling. And Depp is simply stupendous. 
bad comes off a bit like an extended advertisement for the place 
bad The filmmakers end up rushing us through these girls' stories, achieving a vague sense of female angst but ultimately barely skimming the surface. 
fair It's a great program and a great subject, but Girl's Rock! directors Shane King and Arne Johnson don't quite know what to do with it. 
good How are girls supposed to behave in a culture that tells them they're Disney princesses for the first 12 years and sex toys after that? Girls Rock! has one answer: Strap on a Fender and rage against the machine. 
bad There's too little clarity or thoroughness in the biographies, too few prolonged scenes of the girls creating their songs. 
good There is a slightly patronizing flavor to portions of this mostly enjoyable film. But the interview subjects are very likable and charismatic, which certainly helps. 
very_bad Girls rock, flat documentaries do not. 
good 'Why don't you start your own band? That's a lot cooler than having a boyfriend in a band!' So says 15-year-old Laura, who makes a better pitch for the 'empowerment' aspects of the Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls than do the adult counselors... 
good There's so much joy and coming-of-age angst turned into nuggets of gold that it seems uncharitable to ask, what might be missing (more onscreen appreciation for rock's goddesses and gods, perhaps.) 
bad Never seeks to be anything more than a simplistic look at young women not just learning how to create music, but how to take hold of their talents and use it to their advantage... 
fair Girls at risk take the world by storm at an artists' refuge where it's all right to scream. 
good Young women find expression for more than their music in Girls Rock!, a jubilant documentary about a place where power chords and empowerment go hand in hand. 
very_good Girls Rock! happily pulls off the trick of being both entertaining and moving; grown-up girls may well watch with an occasional tear as we see the campers subtly transform. 
bad Some of the footage is entertaining. Too much of it is confusing, repetitive or unremarkable. 
good What the girls might lack in musical talent and experience they make up for with infectious energy. 
good The directors take a compassionate approach that encourages their young subjects to open up in remarkable ways, making this a must-see both for girls and the grownups who love them. 
bad Though Girls Rock! is nothing if not well meaning, it doesn't always feel like the best possible film on the subject. 
good Girls Rock! is a success story because of the earnest heart with which it introduces us to some girls who don't realize how much they really do rock. 
good Takes a trip to the annual "Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls" in Portland, Oregon and comes away with something a bit more. 
good An inspiring rebel yell from four girls unwilling to recede into the background as passive sacrifices to the MTV culture. 
bad The shy, awkward subjects of Girls Rock! stand in refreshing contrast to the American Idol ideal of potential superstars. 
bad Girl-power docu has a strong positive message. 
bad The directors sacrifice substantially investigating the four girls for Morgan Spurlock-ish populist gimmickry. 
very_bad Williams (...) toma decisiones extranas que no hacen crecer la pelicula en terminos dramaticos. 
best A direcao de Tod Williams, alem de abrir espaco importante para a forca das atuacoes do elenco, destaca-se por nao ter medo do silencio. 
good [Jeff Bridges] struts around like a peacock trapped in a burning house... 
good an alternately amusing and tragic portrait of post-traumatic eccentricity, focusing on two parents who are unable to get over the loss of their two sons after a car accident. 
bad Another entry in the fallout-from-grief genre, but it subscribes too readily to the theory that tragedy automatically equals importance. 
good A finely made drama about a seriously disturbed family. 
bad The material is slim and becomes slimmer still by our advance grasp of it; what's meant to be novelistic in detail instead comes to seem belabored. Not a bad film. A misfire. 
good One of the best Irving adaptations, a movie with a sad soul and something to say about that state in us all. 
good It takes nerve to use dead children as apologists for adult misbehavior, but nerve is something novelist John Irving has never lacked. 
fair ...a film both fluid and hermetically sealed, inviting multiple interpretations and yet ultimately reluctant to give up its secrets. 
very_good This is a film to wrap around yourself like a blanket, huddling from life's harshness and tasting its riches. 
fair Bridges and Basinger craft deeply layered, complicated characters whose flaws are substantial yet compelling enough to be liked by audiences. 
fair Leaves the viewer with lots to think about but not much hope for the human condition. 
good One of the more faithful adaptations of a John Irving novel to date. 
good Bridges' performance is a marvel of hard acting made to look easy. 
very_bad I failed to connect with any one of the film's three main characters. 
terrible I can't forgive a movie for boring me. I can be offended, upset, incensed or infuriated. Take everything I hold sacred...and throw human waste on it.... Just don't bore me. 
good Williams bravely blends moments of levity into what is inherently a serious subject and also lends the film a restrained but stylish aura appropriate for the story's tony setting in the Hamptons. 
very_good The richly rewarding film is funny, sexy, tragic, touching and sometimes kind of sweetly bizarre 
fair There is something almost too familiar about its themes of marital discord, familial breakdown, and taboo relationships 
bad This is essentially an actor's film and the principals are all solid, with both Basinger and Bridges turning in some of their best work. 
good One of those movies that screws up the small details while tapping into the larger issues. 
good While the story trips over all the symbolism and takes a glib turn, it is rarely sentimental. 
very_good An excellent rendering of the first third of A Widow for One Year, and one of the best John Irving adaptations to date thanks to the Oscar (R)-worthy Bridges and Basinger. 
bad Well-composed as it is, The Door in the Floor is far too precious to evoke much more than a distanced, aesthetic appreciation. 
very_good A careful study of grief and love, remaining incredibly true to parts of Irving's novel while leaving most of it untouched. 
fair In many ways, despite its adult sheen, it's as foolish as any other disposable summer film. 
good Bridges is clearly having the time of his career. 
very_bad More than once during the movie, you'll find yourself thinking 'Who are these people, and why am I sitting here watching them?' 
best A beautifully acted examination of the bedeviling and perversely inspiring legacy of family tragedy, it's one of the most sophisticated American films of the year. 
best An alert, adult and intelligent film. 
good Irving writes about the consequences of the choices we make with endless and honest empathy for the flawed and damaged, and Williams does that too, allowing us to feel deeply for Ted, Marion and the future of Ruth. 
fair We're asked to care about a self-absorbed children's author, his depressive, self-absorbed wife and their self-absorbed 16-year-old assistant. 
bad Feels more about a situation than actual people. It's sensitively rendered, filled with those necessary evocative details, and it never rings true. 
good A compelling, beautifully acted drama. 
very_good Dark cinema, but also perceptive and revelatory in exploring how an ill-fated couple struggles to cope with tragedy. 
good Bitter and bracing... 
bad The Door in the Floor is unfocused beyond repair. 
good A likable drama within its limitations. 
fair Filled with darkly off-kilter humor and uncomfortably funny moments that resonate both emotionally and intellectually. 
terrible The Door in the Floor is a film about child abuse. The filmmakers either don't realize this or don't have the courage to admit it. 
fair If 'storytelling is all in the details', then the little moments add up to a movie worth seeing. 
good After Garp, this is the best screen treatment of the bunch. 
bad Works better as an actors' showcase than as a wholly satisfying filmgoing experience. 
good An American tragedy, exquisitely shot in the muted tones of the New England painter's scenes of desolation and disappointment. 
bad As tenderly acted as Door is, it never finds its tone or purpose. 
fair A languorous, fitfully compelling screen adaptation. 
fair As directed by second-timer Tod Williams, The Door in the Floor tackles each sequence as if it were a separate movie; the tones never match. 
good [Bridges] bursts through The Door in the Floor like it was made of plywood and, in the process, delivers the year's first full-bodied dramatic performance. 
terrible Showcasing three individuals whose spiritual and physical journeys are both repellent and mundane, the film is just a long and pointless slog. 
very_good Extraordinary in every way, from the pitch-perfect performances to the delicate handling of explosive subject matter, The Door in the Floor is also a model of page-to-screen adaptation. 
fair One of the better adaptations of a John Irving novel. 
fair Director Williams' tale never quite finds its footing. 
bad The transformation of what Irving wrote to what Williams filmed is a classic case of diminishment by movie convention. 
very_good Jeff Bridges offers perhaps the wittiest and richest piece of screen acting by an American man so far this year in the best movie yet made from John Irving's fiction. 
bad Handsome but coldly uninvolving and pretentious. 
fair That Williams occasionally comes close to the author's layered spirit is a tribute to his passion. But the film fails on a number of levels. 
good An unassuming pleasure. 
good [Williams] maintains a well-judged equilibrium between the characters' agonies and forced exhilarations. 
good A sophisticated, intelligent, summer film for adults who yearn for something more than popcorn flicks. 
bad Something feels missing here -- like a middle and an end, maybe. 
good Williams handles the main line of the story, the war between Ted and Marion, clearly and strongly. 
very_good A stunningly well-acted drama for grown-ups. 
good This is classic Jeff Bridges, an actor whom we should just retire the term 'underrated' to describe him and give the man his due as one of the finest actors in any medium. 
good Subtly captivating, fact-of-life moment(s) define (the film's) emotional timbre... 
very_bad Sleazy in that Irving incestuous fashion: highbrow and lowbrow--Cheever doing beaver. 
fair A strange, dark, complex, multi-layered and intricately constructed narrative examining how people deal with a devastating tragedy. 
good The Door in the Floor is one of the best films of the year with its mature treatment of loss, sexuality and the emotional education of a young man. 
good For the most part, The Door in the Floor is well-made, and it held my attention throughout, but this is one of those motion pictures where it's easier to admire than like the final result. 
bad This goes on for almost two hours and soon we're bored to tears. 
fair Jeff Bridges brilliantly juggles the comedic and tragic aspects of the material. Too bad the film as a whole is a mixed bag. 
good There are more than a couple of moments in this film ... that get Irving's sense of grotesque tragedy and tragic grotesquerie just right. 
very_bad fails to even approximate reasonable human emotion or behavior 
fair This movie's heart is set on suggesting that the cure for what ails you emotionally is sex. And, if it's a little on the forbidden side, all the better. 
very_bad A smutty, bargain-basement version of In the Bedroom. 
fair The picture feels bleak and dirty, like looking through a dirty window pane at an abandoned house. 
very_bad There's literally no way to miss the memo that It's All So Quiet is about dealing with the encroachment of death, as it's there in every scene. 
fair One of the absolute best teen-driven romantic comedies. 
bad A good but patchy romantic comedy, 10 Things I Hate About You does not break new ground, but there are plenty of surprises that will insure a good watch. 
fair ...a slightly above average teenage romcom. 
fair Gil Junger's TV roots are revealed in his excessive reliance on close-ups and the cast's preponderance of TV actors. 
fair It sounds awful, but Junger's movie is utterly winning. 
good Of all the teen films released this year, this one is, by far, the best. 
best Pure of heart and perfectly executed. 
good Unlike many high school movies, 10 Things contains actors who are able to rise above the silly stereotypes and give their characters life. 
terrible The movie wimped out by blanding down the story and the characters to the point where she isn't really a shrew and he isn't really a maniac. 
fair The notion of a contemporary high school as a hotbed of romantic intrigue is utterly apt, and the performances almost make the update work. 
fair What raises this venture a few notches above your normal acne fare is an extremely clever screenplay 
fair There have certainly been worse. 
best As satirical as it is romantic, this is one teen film that is wise enough to span generations in its appeal. 
bad It's a fast-food film, easy to digest, but nothing remarkable or memorable. 
bad By all rights it should have been as incredibly heinous as other recent juvenile jaunts, but it's actually kinda cute on occasion. 
bad I didn't exactly hate this film. 
fair The script is surprisingly witty and filled with razor-sharp barbs hurled from just about every character. 
fair Ni su trama ni sus personajes son de aquellos con los que se pueda identificar la mayoria 
bad It's so knowingly cute that most of its jokes go nowhere. 
very_bad Since the natural audience for this is girls under 18, do they really need the message that brains are a bad thing, dooming them to a dateless high school career? 
terrible How much does this movie suck? Let me count the ways. 
very_bad Despite a tinny script, the cast puts in fine performances in what is a very unfunny movie. But the praise stops there. 
fair The high school romance genre has become so popular that it's running out of new ideas and has taken to recycling classic literature. 
fair Stiles Styles . 
good Easily transcends its hackneyed plot through vivacious acting, crackling dialogue, and sympathetic characters. 
bad What would Shakespeare have made of all of this? I suspect he would have approved. 
fair Definitely a cut above the current crop of teen-oriented comedies, thanks to an appealing cast of fresh faces, as well as a surprisingly literate script. 
bad Unfortunately, much of this potentially good material is paced like a bad sitcom. 
fair Overall, it plays well because of its non-stop pace, the interesting relationship between the sisters, and most of all, the enjoyable and engaging performances by stars-to-be Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles. 
bad Stiles, whose slightly rushed, impatient delivery sometimes recalls the young Jane Fonda, lets enough sweetness seep into her portrayal to lend even the nastiest retort a hint of forgiveness. 
fair Most of the picture is flat, spiritless and hopelessly staged. 
bad When it's being its goofy funny self, it scores. 
good creenwriters Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith retain Shakespeare's morals and complicated conventions, while director Gil Junger keeps the pace fast, dodging cliches as often as he can. 
good Lame scenes are made nifty by the movie's endless energy. 
good I doubt I would be able to find ten things I hate about 10 Things I Hate About You, but the positive aspects of the film far out-number ten. 
good No one in this film is a big star, but everyone is a capable actor. 
terrible 108 Stitches wants to be a gross-out comedy in the Van Wilder or Old School tradition, but A) it isn't funny, and B) it isn't gross. 
very_good The notion of Vietnam as quagmire is literalized in this stunning 1981 action-suspense film. 
good Beyond its genre roots and its deeper meanings, Southern Comfort is a well-honed study of characters and setting. 
best An atmospheric, tough-as-nails survival tale, and arguably Walter Hill's best movie overall. Well cast with a great Ry Cooder score. Packs a definite wallop. 
good Perfectly entertaining gung-ho war flick. Walter Hill knows his action. 
good Goes down relatively smooth. Pour yourself a glass or three of its namesake, and enjoy! 
good What it all means is open to interpretation. Read it as a parable or as a horror movie. Read it as the story of love between a girl and her dog. Read it however you want. No matter what your take, you won't be disappointed. 
very_good Emotionally visceral, visually amazing movie with an underpinned social commentary that hits like a brick. See it. 
very_good White God has all the moralistic themes and allegorical elements to make the film evergreen when applied to almost any social, political or socio-economic conflict. 
very_good White God offers a dark - very dark - take on the way humans exert authority, and superiority, over our fellow creatures. 
fair Kornel Mundruczo knows not of subtlety. The Hungarian director's brash new feature White God is over the top in all kinds of ways, for better and worse. 
fair Call the shelter; this one's a keeper. 
good A mixed-genre fable that evokes Dickensian melodrama, coming-of-age tropes and outright horror. 
good Think "The Incredible Journey" crossed with "The Birds" crossed with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes." Or maybe just imagine "Cujo" as told from the dog's point of view. Don't take grandma. 
best It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie. 
fair Even those who don't buy in completely to Mundruczo's parable will be impressed by his canine crowd scenes, staged with ambition, skill and genuinely original vision. 
fair Intriguing, but the movie's larger statement isn't clear. 
good Rarely does a film's execution achieve or even exceed its director's ambitions, but Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's "White God" is that rare movie. 
good White God is a feat of practical filmmaking... 
good What holds Kornel Mundruczo's scrappy film all together is its fierce and forceful political metaphor: society's underdogs - be it ethnic minorities, the poor, the disenfranchised - if pushed too far, will bite back (in this case literally). 
fair Milo and Otis by way of The Birds by way of I Spit On Your Grave. 
good This is fascinating to watch on a purely elemental level, as Mundruczo employs creative smoke-and-mirrors to make once cute dogs seem like menacing terrors. 
very_good ... there is much to admire in this near exceptional film, and I guarantee you will be fully invested in the two leads. 
very_good Imagine an "R" rated Lassie by way of Spartacus. That's Kornel Mundruczo's White God, a brutal but stirring fantasy about street dogs rising up against cruel and indifferent humans. 
good A rousing creature-feature thriller and political allegory, from Hungarian director Kornel Mundrucz. 
good Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo downplays White God as a "genre experiment," but his film has real bite regardless. 
good Somewhere between the future shock allegories of the '70s and their TV spin-offs circa The ABC Movie of the Week lies White God. 
fair The screen teems with vitality and energy whenever the dogs return to center stage. 
fair Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart. 
very_good Director Kornel Mundruczo goes big with allegory, violence, drama and sentiment, and the results are riveting. 
very_bad Imagine a gritty version of the 'Simpsons' episode where Santa's Little Helper runs away and becomes a scary fighting mutt - shorn of the Laddie subplot, alas. 
good Striking, grim, darkly funny at times. But who, exactly, is going to want to watch a movie built around graphic dog abuse? 
good A poignant Hungarian parable about the terrible things that can happen when there is no reverence for dogs as fellow companions. 
bad It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery. 
good Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth. 
good Director Kornel Mundruczo's staging of the scenes in which the dogs take to the streets is breathtaking. 
best White God is perhaps the greatest dog movie made without CGI. 
best White God isn't for everyone. But it is an unflinching, extraordinary piece of film-making. 
good A beautiful and bizarre film that veers between gritty realism and haunting fantasy, and from a human perspective to a dog's-eye-view of the world. 
good Superbly acted allegorical drama with a climax that is not only breathtakingly exciting but flawlessly handled. 
bad This is an entertaining, technically accomplished work, but unlike the 1982 Samuel Fuller race-relations thriller which the title references, its set-up ultimately proves distracting. 
bad White God is an ambitious and thrilling, if a little uneven, canine-centric drama. 
good Who let the dogs out? This is Homeward Bound: The Incredibly Harrowing Journey ... 
good This powerful Hungarian drama features the Al Pacino of dog actors. 
good Mundruczo skillfully weaves adventure, coming-of-age, prison-escape and revenge-thriller tropes into a mythic, emotional and visceral experience that poses moral questions about how people treat animals and how people treat people. 
good A broad but often poignant allegory of oppression, it's like the beautiful puppy of Au Hasard Balthazar and The Plague Dogs. 
good A sort of apocalyptic fable in which the maltreatment of lowly animals becomes a potent metaphor for everything from immigration to the abuse of power ... 
good It is a fantasia of canine madness that looks sometimes like a horror-thriller based on something by James Herbert or Stephen King - and sometimes like a tribute to Hitchcock's The Birds. Except that this time it's The Dogs. 
very_bad Michael Caine, Ben Kingsley and a host of other Brit thesps ham it up, Hammer-style, but Brad Anderson's baggy direction hampers any enjoyment. 
very_bad At best it's hammy, Hammer-ish fun, although it has none of the tension of Brad Anderson's underappreciated potboiler The Call, and none of the wit of The Ninth Configuration, which remains the best screen tale of lunatics taking over an asylum. 
very_bad A weary, half-hearted adaptation of a familiar Edgar Allan Poe short story that is largely devoid of chills or suspense. 
bad Anderson has a good eye for a murky mystery. With its unhurried yet purposeful pace and moody underlighting, Stonehearst also owes much to his work on Boardwalk Empire. 
very_bad The tone is uneven and the various plot twists aren't as effective as they need to be, resulting in an underwhelming experience that fails to live up to its early promise. 
very_bad The only way to enjoy the thing is as a comedy. 
very_bad This Victorian-set horror film can't help but seem a missed opportunity. It has the ingredients for a lurid and entertaining trip to the dark side. 
bad Stonehearst Asylum is a richly bonkers piece of Victoriana. 
very_bad The stuttering, episodic pace makes you wonder if they had half a mind on a miniseries. Where the other half went is really anyone's guess. 
good You'll watch this supremely entertaining danse macabre with the broadest of connoisseurial smiles. 
bad This is not, we'd wager, the film its director intended. Yet it's worth watching ... 
good A spirited gothic tale, played with welcome black humour. 
very_bad It's 'Shutter Island' in the Scottish Highlands with this initially intriguing, ultimately depressing Victorian-era madhouse drama. 
very_bad While its intentions were probably high-minded, the only reaction Stonehearst Asylum is likely to induce is hoots of derisive laughter. 
very_bad Though I'm not a huge fan of Anderson, he's never struck me as simpering. 
very_bad Ham-fisted and forgettable, serving as a horrific reminder about how far mental health treatment has progressed. 
good Between its distinctly modern intelligence and razor-sharp plotting, Anderson's clever contraption matches the heights of Gothic grandeur that keep Poe held in esteem today. 
bad Anderson clearly takes delight in all the proceedings, which is one of the reasons his films feel fresh instead of lazy. 
bad It may not be his worst film overall, but "Stonehearst" is Anderson's flattest film, a disappointingly shallow affair that wastes an opportunity to breathe life into a timeless Edgar Allen Poe short story. 
bad Not a horror movie per se, but still containing horror elements, Stonehearst Asylum is a well-made, well-acted tale that could find an audience among viewers looking for a spooky story that doesn't deliver a pile of dead teenagers. 
bad Aside from the crucial but completely arbitrary twist at the end, what we see and hear is exactly what we get... 
bad All involved deserve better, particularly Poe. 
very_good There's probably a brilliant, award-worthy film to be made about the inhumane way the medical practice dealt with the mentally ill in the past. This one isn't it, but it is nonetheless a solid, sturdy piece of entertainment. 
bad If you accept the grandly Gothic insanity here, there's a lot of fun to be had. 
very_bad It fails to be sexy, scary, revealing, suspenseful or even exciting. 
bad "Stonehearst Asylum" starts with the hysteria knob set at 11 and goes up from there. 
very_bad An off-brand Shutter Island, nearly devoid of stylistic flourishes or memorably strange details, instead intent on repeatedly telling us things we already know. 
fair Stonehearst Asylum is an effective period thriller, more than worthy of your next seasonal horror marathon. 
good This is a movie that is several cuts above your usual straitjacket thriller. Enter at your own risk. 
good Stonehearst Asylum will make you think twice about how we care for the mentally ill then ... and now. Oh, and it's also a smart thriller with a kiss of pulp. 
fair A fun, old-fashioned Val Lewton-style thriller. Sturgess, Beckinsale, Caine and Kingsley are always worth watching. 
very_bad In the wake of the ostentatious atmospherics summoned by the likes of Shutter Island and American Horror Story: Asylum, the film feels unnecessarily restrained. 
bad Edwardian thriller offers formula instead of vision 
fair ...ultimately a fair degree more entertaining than the majority of its DTV brethren... 
terrible Cameron Mitchell, playing the masked psycho, delivers one of the most obnoxious performances ever in a horror movie... 
terrible Except for some flashes in the last 30 minutes where the inherent creepiness of clowns and whispery voices buys the film some atmosphere, it's got boredom to spare. 
bad Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams is certainly trippy and inventive, but the film is way too long, a little too flat and not nearly as enjoyable as the original. 
good An imaginatively joyous adventure. 
good The best example in recent memory of what happens when an independent-minded director is allowed to exercise his talents with the backing and support of a Hollywood support system. 
good How fitting that the subtitle of this sequel is Island of Lost Dreams, for Rodriguez has let his vivid imagination run even more amok in waking, cinematic life. 
good Rodriguez's movie, jammed with gizmos and visual effects, looks more like a bigbudget extravaganza from a Hollywood studio than a relatively modest $40 million movie. 
bad Imaginativo e divertido, explora o talento de seus jovens protagonistas para criar um filme capaz de encantar toda a familia. 
good ...just as enjoyable for adults as it is for kids... 
bad Not quite as charming as the first one. 
good The only thing we don't know after watching Spy Kids 2 is whether Robert Rodriguez's constantly churning brain leaves him any time to sleep at night. 
good It's going to be a real hoot watching this duo growing up. 
fair ...not quite up to the originality of the first film, but its sheer exuberance is good enough to keep youngsters enthralled and most adults at least mildly entertained. 
fair ...Adequately entertaining but nothing special. Not exactly a ringing endorsement, but hey, it's August. 
good Kid-friendly, fun sequel is packed with zip-bang-pow style. 
good It's all great fun, and drives forward at a dizzying pace typical for writer-director Robert Rodriguez. 
good ... an over-the-top, kick-butt family film that leans toward the excess but is still a worthy sequel... making adults feel like kids again while making kids feel a bit more grown up. 
good It's fast-moving, overwhelming fun, full of gadgets, creatures and general whizz-bang. It could have gone disastrously wrong, but I like it. 
bad Rodriguez is a shining example of Local Boy Makes Good but we don?t want him becoming the next George Lucas, now, do we? I doubt that is the problem. 
good a fantastically ridiculous kids' adventure-fantasy filled with bizarre creatures, outlandish gadgets, and anything and everything else Rodriguez's supple imagination could conjure up 
fair It is a colourful, high-flying package that melds the gadget-happy sensibilities of its Mission: Impossible-spoofing predecessor with a parade of Hollywood in-jokes sure to amuse parents without confusing kids. 
good Rodriguez crams in enough exotic creatures, fancy gadgets, humor and action to make the movie's contents practically leap out of the frame. 
fair Credit Robert Rodriguez for having his pulse on fun kid's stuff. 
good Proof that you can make a sophisticated, enjoyable movie that celebrates the intelligence of children without resorting to fart jokes or crotch injuries. 
very_good When the final credits roll, hyperactive preteens likely will be convinced they've just seen -- and desperately want to see again and again -- the coolest movie ever made. 
good It's miraculous that writer/director/co-producer/co-composer/editor/co-cinematographer/co-designer (whew!) Robert Rodriguez was able to meet our expectations. 
good The charm of the first movie is still there, and the story feels like the logical, unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids. 
good A great looking, trippy adventure. I can't wait for the next one. 
fair 'Spy Kids 2 is still about family, but it's mostly about living up to the expectations of the imagination, and with a monstrous sense of humor.' 
good An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices, special effects and backgrounds, 'Spy Kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences. 
good Like the first one, this is fresh, funny, exciting, and brilliantly inventive, the best family movie of the summer. 
bad Spy Kids 2, because of the fabulous special effects and the gadgets and the empowerment of children, should go over extremely well with kiddie audiences. Parents have less to tickle their fancy. 
good A cheery kid's film perfect for a Saturday matinee. 
bad t has a lot to look at, and enough to keep most kids appeased. But it's disappointing after such a fresh and exciting original. 
fair There still is plenty to enjoy here for kids of all ages -- as long as they keep their inner adults bound and gagged. 
terrible Slapdash and boring. 
good With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape: a James Bond series for kids. 
bad Rodriguez's storyline is too busy to have much emotional impact. 
fair If you never thought a movie featuring a flying pig (known as 'spork') and a half-snake, half-lizard (slizzard) could be dull, think again. 
good You don't have to be a child to enjoy Spy Kids 2, but it certainly helps. 
good Director Robert Rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle. 
good Chockfull of nonstop inventiveness and unadulterated fun! 
bad Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh. Not as good as the original, but what is... 
fair Director/writer Robert Rodriguez spins a razzle-dazzle tale for the small fry, filled with gadgets and monsters. 
fair While the Island and Ray Harryhausen-esque effects are great, the message gets lost amongst the eye candy. 
good ...like walking into a little boy's room where countless toys are scattered about in mid-play. It may be messy, but the sheer imagination on display is undeniable. 
bad There's way too much CGI gadgetry, some inventive, much simply flashy in the worst kind of video-game way. The kids are nearly lost in the glitz. 
bad The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going, with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained. 
best For Spy Kids 2 the seams are well-hidden and a more relaxed Rodriguez is inside working his feng-shui mojo, rearranging rooms to widen the flow of inspiration. The result is a truly daft but wholly organic world fueled by free association. 
bad Overall, there's certainly enough of the familiar as well as the new to please fans of the series. For others, it's passable diversionary entertainment. 
bad Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience. But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming. 
very_good With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, however, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking. 
bad A...more imaginative sequel...but plagued by an emptiness inside that cannot be denied. 
fair Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez. 
bad To the delight of gadgetheads and the dismay of the rest of us, Spy Kids' paraphernalia is better developed and considerably more fun than its story. 
very_bad Though it's competently made, Spy Kids 2 is a classic example of the too hasty sequel, a movie with few ideas and no heart. 
very_good The imagery snaps and pops with such jumpy, carefree energy that the movie seems to be making itself up as it goes along. 
good [Spy Kids 2] is both overblown and overlong compared to the original -- but happily has enough heart and smarts to recommend it as one of the season's worthier family entertainments. 
fair Leaves you wishing Rodriguez had saved some of his ideas for another movie. There's a difference between fast-paced and chaotic, and Spy Kids 2 often blurs the line between the two. 
very_good Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels: It actually improves upon the original hit movie. 
best A fantastical fun house of a film, one that freely, joyfully, considerately expands upon themes set forth in last summer's sleeper family audience hit. 
good If you saw last summer's Spy Kids, then Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams will surely be on your agenda. If you didn't, and you see the sequel, you can safely add to that agenda a trip to the video store for the original. 
good It's refreshing to see a kids' action movie in which the most crucial 'special effect' is a rubber band. 
good Strictly as a kids' movie, Spy Kids 2 stands pretty tall. 
very_good The sequel is more adult than its predecessor, but just as gadget-packed and action-filled. 
bad A homogenous and formulaic attempt in continuing the exploits of master spy kids Carmen (Alexa Vega) and Juni (Daryl Sabara) Cortez. 
bad With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry. 
fair A worthy successor to last year's surprise hit. 
very_good At every level, it is crystal-clear that Spy Kids 2 is a labor of love concocted by one ingenious mind. 
good The movie is a gaudy, noisy thrill ride -- hyperactive, slightly out of control and full of kinetic, mischievous charm. 
fair Though Spy Kids 2 has a touch of sequel-itis, it is still imaginative, smart and stands on its own. 
bad Though the sequel's brisk pace and imaginative monsters should keep kids relatively fidget-free, it fails on almost every other level. 
very_good More so than the first movie, Spy Kids 2 is sheer fun. Having already revealed his characters, writer-director Robert Rodriguez can concentrate on their adventures. 
fair Agreeably substantive and charmingly resourceful, a pleasant diversion for late summer that won't actually make your children appreciably stupider. 
bad Delivers everything you want from a sequel -- familiarity and innovation in equal measure. 
very_bad There's no excuse for following up a delightful, well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish. 
fair Rodriguez has put together an satisfying sequel; the writing is very witty and the plot moves along briskly. 
fair ...has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - but it's a rushed, slapdash, sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity. 
good The best part of the picture is the sibling rivalry and cooperation between Carmen and Juni, who still have great chemistry together. 
good With traditional family values and kid-empowerment, it's a rollicking good roller-coaster ride for its target audience. 
bad Rock solid family fun out of the gates, extremely imaginative through out, but wanes in the middle 
fair Gizmos are groovy but parents are even more cool. 
fair By film's end, it's clear that family values are every bit as important to this kiddie empowerment saga as the inventiveness of its gizmos. 
terrible They could have focused more on the similarities of best friends and a gay couple. Instead, they just try to offend everyone in sight and then act sorry at the end. 
terrible You know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up as a Chinese wedding chapel minister. No, come to think of it, you know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up at all 
terrible Above all the idiotic shenanigans and brutally offensive conversation, Chuck & Larry is flat-out a badly made movie. 
bad As complex as a garden-variety sitcom... 
very_bad Typical Sandler comedy overflows with stereotypes. 
terrible Even before the 'gay' plot kicks in, the mix of bloated 'heroic' action with toilet humor and plugs for Hooters is unbearable... 
very_bad Den ehoyn adiko osoi apokaloyn ayton ton gamo anorimotitas kai sygkratimenis epanastatikotitas, tainia gia ta dikaiomata ton gay, ftiagmeni gia omofobikoys eterofylofiloys. Giati oso ki an paleyei na yperaspistei tin apodohi toy alliotikoy deihnontas tin 
terrible In essence Dennis Duggan's film is patronising and a little degrading. 
terrible Adam Sandler adds here to his lengthening charge sheet as the most repellent "entertainer" on the planet. 
terrible My faith in a beneficent God, never strong, has been shattered by news that Alexander Payne contributed to the screenplay for this horrific new Adam Sandler vehicle. 
terrible The film-makers behind I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry would probably claim a message of tolerance and personal growth, but this woeful Adam Sandler vehicle is as nasty a piece of sniggering homophobia as I have seen in a long time. 
very_bad It's not just homosexuals who will be outraged by this crass farce. 
very_bad Veering between kneejerk homophobia and PC proselytising for gay rights - often in the same scene - Dennis Dugan's comedy is an unhappy union. 
very_bad The closing message claims to promote tolerance, but this remains a lads' comedy: it's all about sniggering at pansies and peeking up girls' skirts. And even that market deserves something funnier. 
very_bad Not so much gay as bloody miserable. 
terrible With ribald and stale jokes at odds with the slender social message, this wedding piece crashes and burns amid its own hypocrisy. 
bad Enjoyable, sharply written and frequently hilarious, this is Adam Sandler's best comedy since The Wedding Singer. 
very_bad For my taste, "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" is a less than perfect union. 
terrible Would be less offensive with a title like "Ladies and Gentlemen, The Bronx is Flaming." 
terrible This film is made for less discerning tastes; that is, for those viewers to whom a running gag that has Sandler sitting in kid-sized chairs that inevitably break from under him is the pinnacle of hilarity. 
terrible The makers of Chuck & Larry probably think they've accomplished something meaningful, but what they've really done is make a gay Soul Man. 
good James has a big screen quality that reminded me of Chris Farley, who could also find a way to be both sweet and funny 
bad There's a good movie to be found in [here], but it's repeatedly sabotaged by the desire to placate typical Sandler fans who, God forbid, wouldn't want their boy to get too, you know, fruity on them. 
terrible An arranged fiasco that should have been annulled back in the planning stages 
good Overall, if you like Adam Sandler movies this one won't disappoint. 
terrible When it isn't stupid and offensive, it's stupid and condescending -- I now pronounce I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry a four-alarm flaming pile of crap. 
very_bad The laugh to wince factor is about five to two in favor of winces. 
very_bad ...clumsy lunkhead slapstick... 
good I laughed enough to assure myself I wasn't wasting my time, but not enough to convince me Sandler isn't on cruise control. 
bad Your typical bad Adam Sandler comedy that earns a few extra points in the realm of intent -- or at least possible intent. 
very_bad Many, many things are wrong with Chuck and Larry, but its ultimate failure lies in the ludicrous explanation used to get its stars to the altar. 
terrible This comedy isn't just juvenile, it's borderline brainless - the sort of bland, unfunny and, at times, slightly offensive drivel that one might expect from a grade schooler. 
very_bad I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry revels in gay stereotypes and allegedly funny uses of derogatory words, then tries to squeeze out a pro-tolerance message at the end. The whole thing rings as insincerely as an Isaiah Washington apology. 
very_bad You don't even need to find this movie offensive to hate it. You just need to stay awake long enough to notice that it's not funny. 
bad Despite its shortcomings, Chuck and Larry should satiate the modest tastes of the run-of the-mill viewer who simply wants some trite entertainment and easy laughs to pass the time with. 
bad ... a guarded comedy too gun shy to take its concept to the zany, over-the-top heights fans of Sandler have come to expect. 
terrible Adam Sandler and Kevin James ought to be ashamed to be associated with the cinematic equivalent of gay bashing. 
very_bad simply isn't funny enough to rise above its base premise and lazy screenplay. 
bad Here's a strange hodgepodge of the usual Adam Sandler locker-room humor and a lesson about treating everyone fairly. 
bad I now pronounce this... not worth paying to see. 
bad Chuck and Larry tries too hard to find the right mixture of Adam Sandler's signature humor and poignancy. 
very_bad With a tacked-on PC message and leaden attempts at humor, I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is a movie that gives marriage, homosexuality, friendship, firefighters, children and nearly everything else a bad name. 
fair Chuck and Larry remains something close to remarkable: an Adam Sandler movie that manages to be crude and caring in equal measure. In the multiplex, this is called progress. 
bad For the most part, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry plods along predictably, well-intentioned but only sporadically entertaining. 
terrible It does not aim high, yet it cannot even hit the low targets it sets for itself. It is simply painful. 
terrible If there were a Straight Lack-of-Pride Parade, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry could be the grand marshal. The movie isn't insulting to homosexuals but to comedy. 
bad Does anybody laugh at this stuff anymore? 
good Chuck & Larry proves that even the silliest comedy can offer important food for thought. 
terrible When you're more intrigued by the appearance of Richard Chamberlain than the film's final courtroom denouement, you know this union of movie and moviegoer was doomed from the start. 
terrible The straightest, most clueless movie about gays in decades. 
terrible In the credits, the filmmakers acknowledge Brooklyn firefighters who died on 9/11. It's an honorable gesture, but what of the previous two hours? What of the scenes portraying firemen as cigar-chomping, homophobic, misogynistic chumps? 
bad The sad thing is that this could have been really good. 
terrible In the spirit of uncivil unions, I now denounce you, Chuck & Larry. 
bad It all boils down to a horrible waste of talent. 
fair The movie is often stupid. But coming from an industry institutionally terrified of being honest about its own sexuality, it feels brave, going a step further than 'not that there's anything wrong with that.' 
terrible Contrived to the point of painful. 
bad Despite some hearty humor from Adam Sandler, co-star Kevin James and a handful of well-cast character actors, the film's contrived plot and discriminatory jabs ultimately make Chuck and Larry a tactless engagement. 
very_bad Even with Sandler up to his old tricks, he and James aren't really to blame for the failure of this movie-by-committee that throws a bunch of tired jokes against the wall and settles for the two or three that actually stick. 
terrible Not so much anti-gay as it is anti-humor, it's easily Adam Sandler's worst comedy ever, and it's depressing to watch him strain to be a Walter Matthau to Kevin James' sweetly exasperated Jack Lemmon. It's a groaningly obvious, abysmally unfunny dud. 
terrible ...infantile...politically correct nonsense. 
very_bad While it might be enough to make you laugh -- like with the majority of his films -- it's far from memorable. 
bad a gay rights film aimed at homophobic heterosexuals 
bad It's a curious and not very funny comedy that, nonetheless, is a fascinating social document. 
terrible ... so remarkably free of laughs I might as well have been watching John Wayne Gacy's home movies. 
terrible I sure hope Sandler's next movie is about learning the pain of Asian folks...that'd be hilarious! 
terrible Sporadically funny, casually sexist, blithely racist and about as visually sophisticated as a parking-garage surveillance video. 
bad An equal-opportunity offender, slapping right wingers on the wrist while, much to said right wingers' expectations, reducing homosexuality to its lowest common denominators. 
terrible A dated, ill-conceived project that's wrong on so many levels. 
terrible In fact, I can pretty much guarantee that this is the worst film playing at a theater near you this weekend, even if your local multiplex has held over "Captivity" for a second week. . . 
terrible I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is not as hilarious as it thinks it is, profound as it pretends to be, or tolerant as it intends. 
terrible Chuck & Larry is such an abysmal stab at comedy on every conceivable level that I wish there was a hate group we could join to protest it. 
terrible takes place in a magical New York City where Adam Sandler (minus the bazillion dollars he has in the bank and the Porsche he drives down the street) is a beefcake calendar superstar who carouses with the entire female staff of Hooter's Chinatown. 
terrible When the movie finally attempts to have a redeeming message, it's not as much a case of trying to eat your cake and have it too as it is trying to walk with your foot jammed firmly in your mouth. 
terrible could be lightly described as flippin' horrendous 
very_bad There are gags here that may be older than the film's stars. 
bad I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry stumbles around like a Cher impersonator missing one red sequined pump. 
bad If there's a saving grace, and there is, it's that the movie strives, in its often-awkward way, for acceptance. And how bad can that be? 
very_bad Ends up patronizing both the frat-boy Sandler audience -- presuming they need lectures on tolerance -- and the potential gay audience. 
very_bad Perhaps the funniest thing about the movie is seeing how little chemistry there is between Sandler and Jessica Biel, who plays his love interest. (As strange as it sounds, Sandler has more chemistry with James.) 
bad Whatever gay stereotypes exist in this movie -- and they probably number in the hundreds -- the writers of the comedy are much tougher on morbidly obese people, hot women, the homeless, mailmen, unattractive women and particularly Asians. 
terrible No comedy this year can beat this dud for mealy-mouthed hypocrisy. 
very_bad This painfully uncomfortable buddy comedy trips all over itself to say something positive while still managing to offend. Worse still, it's just not funny. 
bad If Dugan's crude, occasionally effective effort ends up chipping away at America's moron class regarding gay rights, that'll be nice. But even unrepentant homophobes deserve funnier. 
bad Raunchy, testosterone-driven Adam Sandler comedy with a relevant message about tolerance and acceptance. 
terrible A big, flamboyant cartwheel backwards for gay rights. 
fair I now pronounce it better than you'd think. 
terrible That anyone in their right minds could be fooled into thinking that two hours of overt homophobia with a disingenuous punch line about tolerance is okay makes me pig-biting mad. 
bad I feel compelled to apologize about laughing at Chuck and Larry, like many Sandler films less a movie than a fistful of funny moments. 
very_bad So much of it hinges on depicting a person's gay lifestyle as a punchline that the third act's aim for political correctness feels hypocritical and dishonest. 
bad I now pronounce you terminally confused. 
very_bad A film that spends much of its time laughing at gay people can't redeem itself by laughing hollowly with them in the end. 
terrible I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a pretend-to-be-gay firefighter's farce that is entirely too stupid and crude to tote its alleged 'message' about tolerance through the flames to safety. 
very_bad The writers and director Dennis Dugan conspire to be gutsy in a gutless way. 
terrible What were they thinking? Simple: They weren't. 
very_bad There is a lot of overcompensation going on here. 
bad It's a shock to the system when this example of puerile comedy turns into a pulpit-pounding sermon. The film's sledgehammer approach makes it more immature than earnest. 
very_bad Chuck & Larry wants it both ways, indulging in ass obsession and the lamest queer stereotypes since Franklin Pangborn was in short pants, then hoisting the rainbow flag at half-mast in a panicky cry for tolerance. 
terrible I Now Pronounce you Chuck and Larry isn't just unfunny; it's racist, sexist and homophobic -- and truly unpleasant to watch. ... I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry practices exactly the kind of intolerance it preaches against. 
terrible The question is why Sandler even bothers with a premise. Whatever the putative storyline, his antics are as predictable as flies on cow patties and even more odorous. 
good A comedy premise that supplies plenty of sidesplitting laughs ... as well as a strong, touching message about tolerance and acceptance. 
bad The film is pro-gay but it's less interested in collapsing straight-male hang-ups about gay men than is in putting on a surprisingly mawkish show of political correctness. 
fair Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances. 
terrible too little too late 
fair [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one. 
good Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary. 
bad Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems. 
very_bad spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths 
bad Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined. 
very_good ...an odd and benighted film. 
fair Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie. 
fair "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness. 
very_bad Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot. 
bad Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny. 
bad The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best. 
bad What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing. 
fair The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick. 
bad Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role. 
bad Doesn't quite take its satire far enough. 
fair a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives 
good Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption. 
bad With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film. 
very_bad The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume. 
bad The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing. 
terrible ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny. 
good Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here. 
bad Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!" 
good "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning. 
bad "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong. 
bad Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama... 
fair Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story. 
bad Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law. 
very_bad Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss. 
bad Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual. 
terrible Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is. 
good It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some. 
fair Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling. 
fair ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life. 
terrible Spacey's portrayal of Abramoff gets at the man's contradictions - his ostensibly devout Jewish faith next to an almost sociopathic blindness to his misdeeds - but it never even partly explains them. 
bad It's a movie of sporadically entertaining scenes that add up to a vaguely unsatisfying whole. 
bad The biggest asset in Casino Jack is Spacey, who plays Abramoff as the cynical, snappy type of character he made so memorable in American Beauty. 
bad Hickenlooper offers a one-dimensional portrait of a jacked-up Abramoff. 
fair Irreverent and satirical with cocksure brilliant Kevin Spacey adroitly handling the constantly shifting, darkly absurdist allegiances. 
bad If you care about the material, you already saw it done earlier, and better, in the Gibney film. 
bad Embellishing Jack Abramoff's story with so much humor makes the film feel more like a political parody than a document of what really happened. 
bad Mr. Hickenlooper's oddly apolitical caper film loses itself in the puzzle of its protagonist's personality. 
bad A refreshing take on the political crime drama. 
fair Golden Globe nominee Kevin Spacey has a ball and then some playing the devil inside Jack Abramoff, the corrupt GOP lobbyist who ran wild during the W. years. 
bad ...suspended uneasily somewhere between comedy and drama 
good Spacey has a field day as the hyper-energetic Abramoff, the former producer of the Dolph Lundgren epic "Red Scorpion" who observes that "Washington is Hollywood with ugly people." 
fair [H]ow a bill becomes a law in DC--a comedy. . .Spacey gives the full razzle dazzle of a flamboyant, complex idealist-turned-wheeler dealer. . .Lovitz is hilariously serious. 
bad If being trapped in the dark with a pair of hopped-up con-artists... for an hour or so is your idea of fun times, then [this] might be the perfect unreality show for you. 
bad The movie also hints that it's OK to be a hypocrite as long as you point out the hypocrisy of others. 
bad Abramoff offers Spacey his most distinct and galvanic character since his highly entertaining take on Lex Luthor in Superman Returns 
bad Though the film is peppered with one-liners tailor-made for Spacey to sling with stinging effect, it doesn't so much leave you laughing as just weary, and wishing this weren't a true story at all. 
very_bad Anyone who's seen Gibney's superior version will immediately be struck by how false this fictionalized account feels. 
good Spacey is the reason to see Casino Jack. This movie will stand alongside The Usual Suspects and American Beauty as examples of what the actor is capable of accomplishing when he is properly motivated. 
terrible Somehow manages to make corruption boring. 
bad There is something fascinating in seeing a really successful criminal mind doing his thing. 
bad The film seems determined to make Jack Abramoff halfway redeemable, a questionable goal given the real-life damage the man wrought, no matter how much the system may have been to blame. 
good A revisionist history bio-pic, reminiscent of Charlie Wilson's War, which recasts an arrogant influence-peddler behaving like he's above the law as merely a bad-boy bon vivant with the best of intentions. 
good A fast-paced and spunky depiction of the power-plays, greed, corruption, and grandiosity of GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff, a larger-than-life wheeler-dealer. 
very_bad Embodies the apathy of all those bad liberals who talk about how terrible things are and continue about their day. 
bad ...a sporadically compelling yet lamentably uneven endeavor... 
fair Writer/director Andrew Bujalski has enough laughs and stamina in his narrative, although at times the flabby story seems to drift endlessly without much focus other than on ripped biceps and toned abs. 
fair ...often just as dull as it is engaging... 
very_bad Lackluster story only for kindergarteners. 
bad If "the CEO wants to sell teddy bears" isn't going to inspire writers to do their best work, what on Earth possibly could? 
fair Predictable? Yes. Corny? Sure. But Brother Bear is still good, family fun. 
good 'Es una de esas joyitas que no pueden faltar en ninguna coleccion personal y cuyo valor seguramente sera reconocido en los anos por venir.' 
very_good The movie isn&#8217;t as witty as Monsters, Inc. and the storytelling isn&#8217;t as sharp as in Tarzan, but the theme of environmental kindness is priceless. 
bad I still don't understand how Brother Bear got an Oscar nomination for Best Animated film, but there are plenty of worse movies out there. 
bad ...for all its earnestness, its wholesomeness, and its uplifting moral values, Brother Bear is formula Disney. 
good Great music from Phil Collins and a couple of familiar moose make Brother Bear an animated film worth checking out with the whole family. 
very_good "A rich, deeply felt story about self-actualization and love, as well as about learning to respect nature on its own terms. It's the new Bambi. 
terrible Skirts self-parody in its rigid adherence to the cartoon-epic template. 
bad Brother Bear probably won't crossover to adult moviegoers without kids [but] it's an intelligent and entertaining addition to the Disney catalog. 
best Os animadores da Disney fazem mais um trabalho excepcional e repleto de preciosismos. 
very_bad Run-of-the-mill fare like this only gives more power to the pixel-pushers. 
good A New Age-y tale that doesn't quite rank as a Disney masterpiece, but which is enjoyable nonetheless. 
very_bad . 
good These beasts are beautiful, but "Brother Bear" is no "Beauty and the Beast." 
bad Give one chef eggs, cream, and sugar, and he'll produce creme brulee. In another kitchen, you'll get plain old vanilla pudding. What we have in Brother Bear, for all the potentially tasty ingredients, is pudding. 
very_bad Disney's animated fable takes the "circle of life" for another wearying spin down a road the studio has traveled before. 
bad Brother Bear should please most kids, but its formulaic story and predictable animation prove Disney needs to try a little harder next time. 
very_bad Saddle our freshly hirsute hero with an insufferably chatty-cute sidekick ... and you're pouring chocolate sauce on a Double Stuf Oreo. 
fair Pixar is forcing Disney to keep up with more than ongoing distribution negotiations; Brother Bear is proof its muscles are starting to cramp. 
bad Brother Bear ups the usual Disney ante by affording the viewer the demise of a brother and a mother before this latest offering is a reel old. 
very_bad Oh, brother, what a bore... 
bad Although there are five credited writers, it's as if they copied and pasted material from other sources but forgot what made the originals work. 
bad The much-handled script is stifling in its self-conscious seriousness. 
good While not a masterpiece along the lines of The Lion King, and not a super-smart witticism-fest like Lilo & Stitch, Brother Bear is deeply heartfelt, touching, and beautiful. 
bad With the undistinguished Brother Bear, Disney seems to have forgotten it no longer monopolizes the animated feature market. 
fair An inconsequential picture like this isn't going to do much to persuade Disney to keep its artists supplied with inks and watercolors as well as hard drives and mousepads. 
terrible The characters are mechanisms who move along the plot arc from point A to point B. 
good Quite easily the best traditionally animated Walt Disney film since 1994's, The Lion King. 
bad The hand-drawn animation is alternately static and inconsistent, and the story may be too downbeat for younger kids, who are most assuredly the target audience. 
bad It's hard to avoid concluding that Brother Bear was pitched as Pocahontas meets The Lion King since it recycles the themes of both, not to mention a character or two. 
very_bad Man bad, wildlife good...what a load. 
bad Perhaps a better title would have been Oh Brother! Bear. 
fair A collection of terrible songs by Phil Collins continuously halts the movie in its tracks. 
bad The parts may not all fit neatly together, but the whole delivers a tale of brotherly love with just enough laughs to keep the kids entertained throughout. 
very_bad What's maddening about Bear is that it dangles good stuff in front of us -- an intriguing American Indian myth, beautifully stylized backgrounds -- and yanks it away to dive into conventional territory. 
fair A sentimental and enjoyable family film. 
good The good news is that this is mostly good old-fashioned hand-drawn Disney animation. The bad news is that it relies too much on old-fashioned formula, hackneyed plot and cookie-cutter characters. 
good There's a nagging sameness here that dwarfs the film's noble intentions and rather striking cinematics. 
bad It feels like the moviemakers went through the motions because it's time again for a holiday season cartoon for the little ones. 
fair While there are certainly laughs to be had, and the backgrounds are frequently ravishing, Brother Bear is frankly a bore. 
fair Disney's latest attempt to hold the line for traditional animation is a formulaic enough effort, but it still comes through with the moralistic goods when it needs to. 
bad Brother Bear is bearable, but just barely. 
fair Brother Bear is safe family fare. 
bad The film can be recommended to parents of headstrong children who are up for a wild, frequently entertaining, but not always coherent ride. Everyone else might want to download the Disney screensaver. 
fair It's eminently forgettable and does represent Mouse House storytelling at its most formulaic, but it's still better than a great deal of what passes for animated entertainment these days. 
very_bad Disney has turned the call of the wild into the stultifying murmur of group therapy. 
bad Seems destined to swirl down the drain along with other Mouse House flameouts 
good Children and their parents are likely to relate on completely different levels, the adults connecting with the transfer of souls from man to beast, while the kids are excited by the adventure stuff. 
very_good Proves hand-drawn animation can dazzle as much the computerized kind. 
very_bad ...runs on circle-of-life blather and Casio-keyboard songs by Phil Collins. To call it bland would be an insult to Barry Manilow. 
good Good story, solid animation, catchy songs, a beautiful score by Mark Mancina and big laughs to not bore the adults. Sounds like the perfect definition of a family film to me. 
very_bad Brother Bear just doesn't have the original Disney spark; rather it seems like a paint-by-numbers marketing venture. 
good Even though the story never was never quite gripping enough, "Brother Bear" still is an enjoyable movie for the kids 
fair Messages about appreciating the world around you and a reworking of The Lion King circle-of-life riff are likely to be warmly accepted. 
good A generally upbeat and engaging tale of friendship and understanding. 
bad Though six credited people (and doubtless uncredited ones as well) worked on script and story, this fits the Disney template to a T. 
fair Solid family entertainment, but won't give Pixar a run for its money. 
bad There's something vanilla about the whole enterprise. 
very_bad Brother Bear does have a satisfying ending and it's nice to see a G-rated film without bathroom humor, but there is too much formula and not enough reason to pay attention here. 
good A pleasant experience that is more appropriate for families than for adults unaccompanied by young offspring. 
very_bad The painted backgrounds are pretty, but the animation is sketchy and flat-looking; the characters cast no shadows and don't seem to weigh anything. 
bad Uncommonly satisfied with letting the characters just sit there onscreen, inhabiting cliches until the audience does some eye-rolling. 
very_bad You can't fault the message it wants to send . . . [a]las, the execution is 90% generic and 100% unfunny 
fair It's kind of cute -- but just not cute enough. 
good A sweet celebration of brotherhood in its many forms. 
very_bad While the hand-drawn animation is visually appealing, the story is completely predictable and Phil Collins's music lacks the impact of his Oscar-winning Tarzan tunes. 
fair Disney has come up with a mythical tale, strong on both sentiment and humor and, of course, stuffed with suitable family values messages about being kind to animals and loving your brother as you would be loved. 
fair It's a thoroughly pleasant, if unremarkable, kids' movie that will keep the little ones entertained for 80 minutes while not hurting their parents' heads too much. 
bad Though Brother Bear is as beautiful as any of Disney's hand-drawn features, the gang-written script is deadly flat. 
bad To put it frankly, it's generic. 
very_bad An uninspired recycling of themes that were far more gripping in The Lion King and countless other earlier Mouse House classics. 
very_bad If Brother Bear aspires to be The Lion King Plus, that plus is the infusion of ethnographic kitsch recycled from earlier Disney hits like Mulan and Pocahontas that adds moral tone, but no extra entertainment value. 
terrible A quintessential example of a dishonest picture. 
bad A play- it-safe pastiche of familiar Disney tropes, from the senseless killing of a poor animal to the headstrong young adventurer to the ragtag comic relief to ... well, you can fill in the rest. 
bad All the old Disney trademarks are here, except the wit and surprise that were once the studio's stock in trade. 
very_bad The embarrassing Earth Mother chants by Phil Collins further remove us from the world of the sacred past and straight into a Disney marketeer's cubicle. 
very_good Has been described as a 21st-century 'The Grapes of Wrath,' but its plot twists are of the type that might have caused Tom Joad to hightail it back to Oklahoma. 
best In The Overnighters documentarist Jesse Moss found his story and pursued it with remarkable empathy, all in the best traditions of the genre. 
very_good Moss lets his characters and their stories unfold, crafting a film from them intuitively through the right interview questions and the art of editing, but never placing a narrative on it that feels forced. 
good Moss is an incredibly sympathetic filmmaker, and his master stroke is to structure The Overnighters as a portrait of both an individual and a community. 
very_good The Overnighters, an ambitious documentary about the plight of the working class directed, produced, and photographed by Jesse Moss, is one of the trickiest nonfiction films to emerge in quite some time. 
best Full of ambush, surprise, illumination, it's a total corker. And Moss and his camera, somehow, are there every time a new bottle of truth is opened, with a gush, a pop or an explosion. 
very_good It would be a fascinating-enough doc, until a shocking third-act revelation brings it to another level. 
very_good "The Overnighters" is commendable for many reasons, not the least of which is the way it allows complex issues to remain complex. There is a clear conflict between the pastor and the town, but there's no good vs. evil. 
very_good So much of "The Overnighters" tells all sorts of truths, and Moss earned the trust of his subjects, whatever they might think of the result. 
very_good Moss films this tale of economic anxiety and almost pathological compassion with an uncomfortable intensity. His camera captures hushed conversations, spilled secrets and moral trespasses with barely a flinch. 
bad A sobering must-see, The Overnighters speaks to the eternal dilemma of doing the right thing in a community beset by suspicion and fear. 
best Through patience, skill, discretion, and trust, Jesse Moss has taken a seemingly small town story and turned it into both a microcosm of today's most urgent issues and a portrait of a single suffering soul. 
very_good This is a damning indictment, a modern-day Grapes of Wrath chronicling nothing short of basic decency's collapse in a depressed environment of mistrust and unease. 
good Acute portraiture - and for a sobering depiction of an America in crisis that looks shockingly close to the desperation of the 1930s. 
good Jesse Moss's documentary is as compelling and heartrending as any drama. 
good Moss has put the documentary together in painstaking fashion, somehow managing to be there, filming discreetly, at all the most intimate and climactic moments. 
bad It's one of those Steinbeck-style stories of migrants, poverty, desperation and hope, a heartbreaking picture of men who still believe they are living the American Dream in broken-down trailers doing grim, unhealthy jobs. 
good Jesse Moss's tough, absorbing documentary could almost be a modern-day Grapes of Wrath, all about the US oil industry's fracking boom in North Dakota. 
good Demands a rewatch, and is so stuffed with incident that someone should remake it into an overcooked, Americana melodrama. 
good Moss allows the natural facets of this story to shine through, creating a gem of a documentary that's raw, honest and brutally relevant. 
good An urgent portrait of compassion under fire. 
good A boldly provocative tale of flawed humanity and hardship. 
good Long before this unexpected development, The Overnighters has established its credentials as a beautifully crafted, multi-layered piece of storytelling, and as an important snapshot of the new Great Depression. 
best Every moment, including a surprise ending, will bring tears to your eyes. 
good A painful and poignant excoriation of the American dream. 
very_good The Overnighters is the kind of film that asks us to forget abstraction -- to instead remember the details. 
best Moss was basically a one-man production crew, which explains how he was able to film such intimate, painful conversations. His work is haunting - one of the best documentaries of the year. 
good A social-justice documentary that packs a visceral emotional wallop to the heart and mind, The Overnighters could scarcely be more relevant to our stressy, fearful present. 
very_good The Overnighters is a shattering documentary and character study that doubles as a layered exploration of a community's faith (and lack thereof). 
very_good While "The Overnighters" has the feel of an epic, given what an expansive slice of America's current economic experience it ponders, it's also a very intimate one. 
good The thrill of The Overnighters is in witnessing a heartrending payoff that could not be anticipated nor written-and, miraculously, closes the movie on a perfect irony. 
fair Fact and fiction bleed into a sometimes aesthetically questionable, but consistently compelling interrogation of the ever-diminishing space for social ethics and Christian-based morality within state-level governmental order. 
good The Overnighters is as worthy a case for additional industry across the First World than any political speech. 
good Brilliantly develops into a snowballing drama of the human condition. 
very_good The film features stunning third-act revelations that compel viewers to rethink its characters' actions and motivations. 
very_good A very thoughtful and bewildering drama about a man who was meant to do great things in a world that was not ready to accept his eccentricities. 
very_bad The intriguing subject matter is, to an increasingly dismaying degree, rendered moot by filmmaker Morten Tyldum's run-of-the-mill sensibilities... 
very_good A highly entertaining, immaculately produced drama about a genius-hero whose stiff-upper-lip resolve can't block a kick in the teeth when, years after the war, he is prosecuted for the 'crime' of homosexuality. 
best A well-crafted character study which just might land the talented Benedict Cumberbatch a coveted Academy Award. 
very_good A moving tribute to an extraordinary man. 
fair Cumberbatch gives a performance that is, by turns, awkward, triumphant, and heartbreaking. 
good Deftly directed by Morten Tyldum (Headhunters), the film does a great job building tension as these eggheads bond in a common cause against the Nazis. Yet as a cinematic celebration of the work Turing and his team did, the film is heavily qualified. 
fair Nearly every moment is infused with Importance. 
good If you don't know who mathematician Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) was, then 'The Imitation Game' is a solid introduction to this complex individual whose discoveries were the foundation of the modern computer. 
best What's with the fascination in 2014 about World War II? This is the best of three very good films and looks at the invention of the computer by an unusual cast of characters. 
fair The Imitation Game walks a fine line in making the familiar effective, also reflecting A Beautiful Mind at points. 
good The Imitation Game is impressive, particularly due to Cumberbatch and Knightley and the highs and lows of Turing's truly remarkable life. 
good A rich performance with the pathos and drama of a new age of technology set within the hardships of war. 
bad It's hard to make the workings of the scientific mind dramatic, but unfortunately The Imitation Game doesn't even try. 
good Enthralling history unveiled in this well-acted film 
very_good Is The Imitation Game middlebrow stuff as some have claimed? In a sense, yes, it probably is, but that doesn't prevent it being compelling entertainment. 
good What could have been a very dry and earnest film emerges, under the intelligent direction of Norwegian Morten Tyldum working from a screenplay by Graham Moore, as a gripping and still rather extraordinary story. 
bad Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive, moving performance is the film's beating heart, and the best reason to see it. 
very_good Cumberbatch's performance is riveting, but Knightley deserves credit for doing it backwards and in heels, so to speak. In fact, Clarke probably deserves her own biopic as one of the few female practitioners of the code-breaking art. 
good The Imitation Game is an astounding story, both for its marvel and its misery. 
good Knightley here gives a mature performance that matches Cumberbatch's in commitment. 
best Cumberbatch's masterful performance dominates the movie, inevitably evoking his updated version of [Sherlock] Holmes... But where his Sherlock is smooth and lofty, his Turing is lofty with rough, jagged edges that keep rubbing people the wrong way. 
bad For the filmmakers, there are simplifications that must have been inevitable, for dramatic and narrative purposes, when it comes to depicting the years of wartime work. But what of the other choices that have been made? 
good A compelling true story of perseverance and persecution, The Imitation Game has a lot of information it must convey to its audience. Time is of the essence. And time was always running out for Alan Turing. 
very_good The Imitation Game is a great story that's well-told, about a man who was different from many of us -- which is to say that he was exceptional at a time when the world needed such a man most. 
good This beautifully designed and photographed period drama, adapted from Andrew Hodges' book The Enigma by debut screenwriter Graham Moore, centres on three important points of Turing's life. 
good Cumberbatch is terrific. His Turing is an intense, intellectual force and stirring mix of remote, vulnerable and present. 
bad [Benedict Cumberbatch] has had a meteoric rise, and for good reason -- he's really good at what he does. Here, he does a lot with a little. 
very_good In a year of terrific performances by leading men, Cumberbatch gets my vote for top honors. 
bad Even though its construction feels (*cough*) formulaic and (*ahem*) by-the-numbers, it's all in service of making Alan Turing's legend known -- as well as the tragically unjust actions taken upon him years afterwards. 
fair It's mostly to Cumberbatch's credit that The Imitation Game plays like a solid, engaging historical drama, interesting enough to suit audiences that aren't interested in either World War II history or technology. 
best Morten Tyldum's masterful drama neither shies away from Turing's homosexuality nor lingers on it, framing nail-biting events at Bletchley Park with the mathematician's 1951 arrest in Manchester. 
bad It's a well told but somewhat unexciting and placid little movie that, despite the star wattage, you'd expect to catch on a Sunday afternoon on BBC2. 
very_good Cumberbatch does what he can to fill in the blanks and he is the real thing here -- all shyness, rudeness, acid comments, pathos, dazzling intellect and aching melancholy, while suppressing his velvety star charisma. 
fair Although well-crafted and performed, The Imitation Game proves to be much to conventional a film about an unconventional, remarkable and tragic life. 
good This is a human drama that invites you to think, not just about the technicalities and the philosophies behind code-breaking, but also the social and psychological themes. 
very_good An engaging story about a remarkable person. 
very_good a thriller that really does thrill and at the same time draws viewers into a mathematical problem. 
best Benedict Cumberbatch gives a performance sure to be remembered come Oscar nomination time 
best Benedict Cumberbatch gives an empathy-stirring performance in the year's best biopic. 
very_good A vibrant work that refuses to be relegated to the status of just another Brit biopic appearing in the thick of awards season. 
very_good The Imitation Game is an extraordinarily riveting film with a superb score and a performance from Benedict Cumberbatch that is awkward, brilliant perfection and a welcome consideration for one of the most powerful on screen presences of the year. 
good Produced with a Masterpiece Theater eye for period detail, but also with a missionary's zeal to honor a wrongly dishonored man. 
very_good Cumberbatch is moviedom's man of the moment, and with this painfully human performance, the actor who has specialized in difficult geniuses finally cracks the code of compassion. 
best This film's overall success hangs on Cumberbatch and what is, to date, his finest performance on the big screen. 
fair The film plays out in a satisfying manner, but with subtlety having served its purpose, it becomes increasingly bombastic about its intent. 
best While their careers include fine performances, Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley are so ambitious, so subtle and so intelligent as the protagonists of "The Imitation Game" that their earlier work feels light. 
good Despite its title, Tyldum's film isn't some imitator or wannabe. Rather, The Imitation Game, highlighted by a layered turn from Benedict Cumberbatch, is the real deal. 
good Turing may finally be getting what he deserves as the straightforward and well-acted The Imitation Game, featuring a strong performance from Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing. 
very_good "The Imitation Game" is both an education and a pleasure - and another chance to revel in what Cumberbatch can convey in eloquent silence. 
good Unlike The King's Speech, which won a clutch of Oscars for its dull propriety and Masterpiece Theater vibe, The Imitation Game is vibrant and lively, engaging you on several levels. 
good Cumberbatch's finely calibrated performance helps bring to life one of history's lesser-known stories and most shameful injustices. 
terrible Consider the code cracked, translated, and laid out for all to see: different is special is good, and ordinary morality is a sham, anyway. 
good It's an exceptional piece of work, while serving as a commentary of how the fight for human rights is still very much in its infancy, and how far we still have to go. 
best Cumberbatch Heartbreaking, Brilliant in "Game." 
good Succeeds at rendering an irascible man sympathetic. 
fair The film is rarely anything but entertaining and humorous but its approaches are visibly commercial. 
very_good The Imitation Game is a story that needed to be told; the highest compliment I can give Mr. Tyldum, Mr. Cumberbatch, Mr. Moore and their collaborators is that they've honoured Alan Turing. 
bad An agonisingly shallow, de-historical depiction of Turing as psychological agent. 
very_good It's easy to see The Imitation Game as a triumph - after all, Turing accomplished what all the experts claimed was impossible - but it's equally apparent that underlying the triumph is a tragedy. 
good Serviceably dramatizes an important historical story while giving rising star Cumberbatch suitably juicy material. 
very_good It's a lovely year end present. Near perfect, and damn entertaining with moments of thrills, triumph, and sadness... 
good Many actors are too cowardly, or too egotistical, to play an unsympathetic character. So Cumberbatch's performance deserves more consideration than many of his peers'. 
fair As uncomplicatedly likeable and effortlessly rootable as its main character and star, The Imitation Game ultimately wins at any easy game, when it could have risked - and revealed - so much more. 
bad n the end, The Imitation Game ably details a little-known corner of the WWII story, one that has incredible relevance today. 
good The Imitation Game is simple, but it is also cogent in making the case for its subject's place in history... 
good You can't help but walk out feeling as though you've just seen one of the more important stories about one of the more important people - gay or straight - of our time. 
very_good There's a film to be made about how government secrecy came spiraling out from Bletchley to conquer the future in which we now live, but "The Imitation Game" would rather give you a very good night at the movies. 
very_good A handsome and stirring film of Second World War ingenuity that also succeeds as cracking good entertainment. 
best Imitation Game is partly a tragedy, partly a history lesson, but largely a dramatic plea not just to embrace those who think differently, but actually appreciate them. 
good There is nothing unique about the film itself - except for the mesmerizing performance by Benedict Cumberbatch in the lead role. 
good "The Imitation Game" leaves Turing's essential mysteries intact, but they will nonetheless find even the most public contours his story ripe with drama, excitement and deeply affecting resonance. 
good The actors save the day. 
good "The Imitation Game" translates Turing and his team's achievement for a lay audience, while dramatizing the personal, scientific and bureaucratic obstacles they faced. 
good Cumberbatch nails it. If only the film did, too. 
fair Like the recent The Theory of Everything, The Imitation Game does a better job with the historical bullet points than with the interior lives of its characters. 
very_good A well-written historical drama that also feels fiercely contemporary. 
good The Imitation Game is a great biopic. The trouble is, biopics just ain't that great. 
best A lively, exciting beat-the-clock thriller. Frequently sharp and witty. 
bad The Imitation Game may not be the big screen biography Turing deserves, but if this is the one that introduces his work to wider audiences, we'll take it. 
good Strong performances buoy teen-friendly historical drama. 
good The Imitation Game is a fantastic piece of historical theater that never fully embraces its cinematic identity. 
good While Cumberbatch will get all the accolades, his character's younger self is inhabited by actor Alex Lawther, whose performance matches and complements the lead marvelously. 
very_good There's truth to it. Turing's story is indeed hard to imagine. Thanks to Cumberbatch's committed performance, a lot more people will know it. 
good Cumberbatch creates a memorable character who is at once fascinating and off-putting. 
fair Cumberbatch has the ability to spin Turing's absence of tact into comedy and pathos. 
bad An entertaining thriller, but a miscalculated biopic. 
very_good Benedict Cumberbatch is brilliant. 
good It's frustrating but the movie works thanks to Cumberbatch's excellent performance and the eternally powerful image of the tortured hero. 
good The story of Alan Turing, and his immeasurable contribution to modern society, is superbly adapted for the screen in The Imitation Game. 
fair Too bad the film often seems more concerned about its own year-end legacy than its subject's. 
very_good Most likely, it was the intent of screenwriter Graham Moore to make a puzzle out a film about puzzle solving. That is not necessarily a bad thing, however, once the pieces fall into in place. 
very_bad 2014 may go down as the year the music kidnapped the movies. 
very_good Thoroughly entertaining, utterly conventional. 
fair Beatifully capturing the era, the acting by Cumberbatch and Knightley is very good, but the well-directed story doesn't need the couple of trite plot devices that diminish the end product. 
bad "As fine-tuned and moving a performance as Cumberbatch delivers - all the more impressive for being created from scratch, since no audio or video recordings of Turing exist - the film's Turing suffers an acute lack of an inner life." 
very_good The film's prime force is Cumberbatch, a great actor whose talent shines here on its highest beams. It's an explosive, emotionally complex performance. 
fair It never quite brings everything together into a dramatic whole. 
good Based on the biography by Andrew Hodges, Imitation illuminates Turing's brilliance in an engrossing and moving film that features a standout, Oscar-worthy performance by Benedict Cumberbatch. 
best It's a sad and heartbreaking story that keeps you nailed to the screen for its entire 114-minute running time. 
very_good Prestige biopics don't get much better than "The Imitation Game." This is a special film. 
very_bad 'The Imitation Game' doesn't embarrass itself by trying to explain convoluted mathematical issues; there's nothing on the order of 'A Beautiful Mind''s forehead-slapping breakdown of game theory. 
very_good A riveting and emotional historical piece that bolsters one of the best performances of the year by Benedict Cumberbatch. 
bad There's an algorithm for making an Oscar-ready prestige picture - and "The Imitation Game" follows it obsessively. 
fair Handsomely made, respectably acted, and reveals an interesting and important piece of world history. In other words, it's a standard biopic. 
good A biopic that plays out like a cerebral thriller, this film traces the life of Alan Turing, the British maths genius who essentially invented the computer and won World War II before being driven to suicide by a cruel legal system. 
good Engrossing, if emotionally evasive - featuring Benedict Cumberbatch's exceptional performance... 
good The Imitation Game does justice to a great British hero and a story of incredible triumph against impossible odds. 
very_good Intriguing character study and exciting war drama rolled into one 
good The film-makers have set out to tell us a yarn and they have succeeded admirably. Celebrate a film that will enhance rainy bank-holiday weekends for decades to come. 
bad Simplified and conventionalised though it may be, this has to be accounted the most compelling dramatisation of Turing's story yet. 
good Fascinating and thrilling, The Imitation Game keeps you gripped by always offering a reminder of what's at stake, as well as exploring the mind of a brilliant but unfairly treated war hero who should never be forgotten. 
good Nothing can soften the tragedy that characterised Turing's later years, but this remains a testament to a singular, brilliant man and his extraordinary achievements. 
good No guns-blazing thriller, this is an old-fashioned code-cracking drama. 
very_bad Such an astonishing, crucial life as Turing's deserves a more courageous, inventive film. Not this opportunistic, King's Speech -like Oscar grab. 
best A great performance by Benedict Cumberbatch and an illuminating portrait of the large role secrets can play in our lives. 
bad Amounts to less than it should but still worth a jaunt. 
bad Despite its flaws, The Imitation Game watchably recreates one of Britain's finest hours, and one of its most shameful. 
bad Morten Tyldum ties it all together with such steadfast dedication to fine-ness that makes it very difficult to be cross with his film. 
bad It's not a bad film, but it's certainly a timid one ... 
good A superb thriller and a worthy biopic of a real hero. 
good A finely etched character study, with Cumberbatch on towering form. Set coordinates for the Oscars. 
bad Do I think The Imitation Game is among the year's best films? Absolutely not, but that should not be held against the film that is, warts and all, an intelligent and mostly entertaining historical drama. 
bad Given the liberties the film takes, it's surprising that it refuses to penetrate Alan Turing's carnality and allow Benedict Cumberbatch to truly wrestle with the torment of the man's sexuality. 
good Turing is a tougher role to play than it might once have been, but Cumberbatch burrows beneath the surface to reveal someone with machine-like logic locked in a soulful struggle against an inhuman society. 
good With a large dose of Sherlock and a sprinkling of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, Benedict Cumberbatch is just brilliant in the role of Alan Turing. 
best To feel gripped, on edge and moved in such a short period of time is of real commendation to Tyldum, who takes his audience through the motions in this unforgettable piece. 
good This is a very clandestine way to make a liberal message movie, but it works. You could almost say that it serves up Oscar bait in code. 
best Benedict Cumberbatch is odds-on to be nominated for an Oscar (at the very least) for his brilliant turn as Alan Turing. 
best Cumberbatch bristles with brilliance in this handsome biopics the British do so well about the fascinating, tragic story of mathematician Alan Turing. 
good The Imitation Game is a surprisingly brainy war picture about some of the more unexpected heroes behind the scenes. 
best Morten Tyldum's espionage thriller about Alan Turing is purely sensational with a performance for the ages by Benedict Cumberbatch. One of the year's very best. 
very_good Utterly absorbing true-life spy thriller. Cumberbatch is wonderful. 
good The Imitation Game makes a compelling case for futzing with the details of a biopic in order to get a more engaging message across. 
bad The Imitation Game is a film about a human calculator which feels... a little too calculated. 
good The intrigue and intensity of the war and espionage plot are compelling, but Cumberbatch captivates as Turing. 
good Headhunters director Morten Tyldum and Benedict Cumberbatch, at the top of his game, forge the definitive account of Turing's life. 
bad It's too formulaic, too efficient at simply whisking you through and making sure you've clocked the diversity message.: without square pegs - like those played by Cumberbatch and Knightley - the world would be by far the poorer. 
bad The Imitation Game puts Alan Turing's life on a conveyer belt. So we understand him less as a human. Other than his connection to his machine. 
good Hidden codes, secret meanings and mixed messages pulse through the reliable, old-fashioned, buzzing copper wires of this true-life British period drama. 
good Strong, stirring, triumphant and tragic, The Imitation Game may be about a man who changed the world, but it's also about the world that destroyed a man. 
fair ...something I'd want my preteen children to see before they get too much more sophisticated. 
good Home-grown jihadists as wankers. How very British. 
best Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself. 
fair Four Lions doesn't always reach satirical perfection, but it comes fairly close. 
very_good [It is] a biting, laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest, funniest comedies in recent memory. 
bad The comedy is as black as can be, both silly and sharp ... It just doesn't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal. 
very_good Is it insensitive? Jaw-droppingly so. But it's also tremendously funny, and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror, it can't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess. 
best The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris's chutzpah for demanding that the film's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film's financing. 
fair If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy (think Dr. Strangelove) then Four Lions, a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis, is on fertile soil indeed. 
good Chris Morris's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time. 
bad [Morris's] new comedy has a provocative, ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers, but can't decide who or what to take with them. 
good It's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad, much less one that actually inspires laughter. 
very_bad The overall result is decidedly uneven: there's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent. 
good A dark farce sitting somewhere between "Dr. Strangelove" and "Duck Soup." It will blow you away. 
bad The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying, and that's OK - even necessary - for now. 
good The film wisely doesn't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder: Instead, it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous. 
good A comedy (!) about inept suicide bombers 
good It proves that everthing is a laughing matter. Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy. 
fair Four Lions is more interesting than riotous. Consider it an example - a well-paced, clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear. 
fair Really, these guys are just knuckleheads. And the movie is full of outrageous laughs. 
bad Once you get over the initial novelty, you're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary. 
good Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires. But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film. 
terrible Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove (1964) -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon. And the firecracker sometimes doesn't even go off. 
very_good An absurdist satire that's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end. 
best I think it's appalling in all the right ways. While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable, I'd argue that the subject warrants it. 
bad "Four Lions" is a daring, brilliantly conceptualized film, but like the bumbling bombers of the title, the execution tends to be hit-and-miss. 
good It's an exceedingly dark comedy, a wicked satire, a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains. It's fueled by both merriment and anger. 
very_good What's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it's willing to follow this group all the way. 
very_good Brilliant, risky, controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure don't have to be a genius to blow yourself up. 
very_good It's truly an incredible piece of work, and something that needs to been seen, and actually feels essential. It's truly, for better or worse, a film of our times. 
very_good Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it. 
best Brilliantly funny; one of best comedies of the year. 
fair A comedy of errors and terrors? Who woulda thunk it? 
very_good Four Lions isn't just the funniest movie of the year-it's also one of the smartest. 
good Amid all the laughs in Four Lions, there's plenty to think about, particularly since Morris keeps the film grounded in well-researched reality, stocked with characters who are built from real-world examples. 
terrible The director, Chris Morris, has been successfully making TV and radio comedies for 20 years. But he falters in this, his first feature. He's taken what might make a funny sketch and forced it to run more than an hour and a half. 
bad The movie falters with an inconsistent tone. 
very_good You laugh until the laughter turns to ashes in your mouth. And then you laugh some more. 
fair It's not your usual comedic fodder, but the director and co-writer's extensive research and profound intellect elevate the film above mere farce. 
fair An ambitious, uneven new farce that dares to mock the motives and personalities of four suicide bombers who plan to attack the London Marathon. 
fair When it works -- and it doesn't half the time -- it's as if Monty Python were back, putting its merrily imbecilic stamp on the dark world of terrorism. 
bad A brazenly comic, fatally inconsistent romp that tries to destroy radical fundamentalism with ridicule. 
bad will be remembered less for its politics than its general bravado 
good Pitch black comedy laughs in the face of fear and compassion simultaneously. 
fair Whatever the flaws of Four Lions may be, the movie neither coasts on multicultural smugness masquerading as openness (of the "They have their reasons" variety), nor does it reach for any cheap philosophical answers. 
good Four Lions is well acted, and the dialogue is howlingly funny. 
very_good 'Four Lions' truly is one of the best and most original comedies of the year. 
bad Four Lions would like to be scandalous; the best it can manage is being intermittently amusing. 
very_good Funny, smart and original, Four Lions has a lot to say without ever hitting you over the head or standing on a soapbox. 
good A provocative gem that doesn't glorify terrorism as much as it does smart, courageous filmmaking. 
best Four Lions is about as funny and ferocious as films come. Never before has the phrase 'You'll laugh; you'll cry!' seemed like such a genuine, ominous threat. Chris Morris' confronting satire is not for the faint-hearted. 
very_good The film is tasteless and offensive. It will be especially offensive to jihadists. It is also very funny. 
good This one goes out to anybody who likes their comedy, dangerous, thought-provoking and, above all else, funny. 
good A bitter, brilliant take on a world that is both ludicrous and nightmarish. 
bad More than anything, the film works as a conceptual prank, a parody of the supposedly universal cliches of "humanist" cinema. 
bad I think Chris Morris is a bit too clever for me. I didn't find this film funny at all, except for a couple of moments. 
fair At its best, the film is very serious because it asks us to think about how such men are created. It's not uniformly successful, but it's far from being just silly or offensive. 
bad Dodgy subject matter aside, Four Lions is hit and miss. 
good A thing of such valour that it ought to be required viewing for the naturally timid, the politically cowardly, the ethically unquesting, the morally shallow, and as a bit of a tonic for people who are too certain of what they already think. 
fair Treating a taboo topic with broad comedy is dangerous business, as it risks trivialising something serious while offending rather a lot of people. Fortunately, these filmmakers are smart enough to get away with it. 
good A dark comedy about Muslim suicide bombers was always going to be a contentious endeavour, but in the qualified hands of satirist Chris Morris it proves bewilderingly effective. 
good Morris has created a film so relevant to our current political climate that many will feel guilty just for watching it. 
good You may have qualms and reservations about Four Lions but it will make you laugh and it might even make you shed a tear. It is comedy without a safety net. A comedy of terrors. 
good A howl of funny and frightening fury that takes aim at the idiocy of Jihadists while never letting us forget their lethal potential. 
very_bad In the end, Morris's attempts to explore the boundaries of humour is exploded by a lethal combination of furtive political correctness and transparently terrible taste. 
bad The film's attempts to not just humanise but to make us like the bombers undermines the comedy. 
bad Not as funny or as controversial as many would have expected, but there are still many moments of Chris Morris genius here that will have you thinking about it for a long time after the credits end. 
good Some may feel that the subject matter should be off-limits to comedians, but there's nothing new about cinema mocking a dangerous enemy -- just look at Charlie Chaplin's classic The Great Dictator. 
good Guaranteed to offend a lot of folks across the political and belief spectrum, but consistently funny and horribly to the point. 
good Some scenes are hilarious; some are too loopy or uncomfortable to provoke laughs; all strive to achieve something genuinely unusual and essentially true. 
good Cutting satire is expected with Morris, but it's the heart that's the biggest surprise here. 
terrible Does making jihadists seem semi-lovable twerps do anything, ultimately, but trivialise the conflict? Perhaps if the film were funnier, we wouldn't look for reasons why comedy and global cataclysm seem a less than perfect match. 
best When Four Lions premiered at a festival in January, some reviewers complained that the mix of laughs and atrocities made them feel uneasy. Way to miss the point, chumpos. 
good Morris is not only demystifying the eponymous boogeyman, he's poking sticks at it, and laughing all the way. 
good Brilliantly written, superbly acted and frequently hilarious, this is a hugely enjoyable, jet-black comedy that gets a surprising amount of comic mileage out of its supposedly taboo subject matter. 
very_good Further proof that the Brits nail "topical" comedy earlier and better than anyone. A true original -- and FUNNY. 
bad Chris Morris is still the most incendiary figure working in the British entertainment industry. 
good Both laugh-out-loud funny and as serious as a bullet through your artery. 
bad Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now. 
good Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism. 
good [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general. 
fair Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film. 
fair Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut. 
bad ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking. 
best Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic. 
bad By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time. 
very_good A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories. 
best It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again. 
best Ridiculously entertaining. 
fair The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks. 
good Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun. 
good The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic. 
fair ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone. 
good Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic. 
bad Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort. 
bad I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie. 
good The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon. 
bad The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun. 
fair ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number. 
good The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments. 
bad With images similar to Buena Vista Social Club, but with far less historical resonance, Cuba is both a travelogue and a celebration. 
bad The music is what really matters to him, and that's where Keys and the musicians he features really deliver. 
bad Cuba: Island of Music is enjoyable as a primer in Afrocentric music and dance. As a political statement, however, it's pretty much of a dud. 
very_bad Feels more like a home movie than the work of a veteran documentary filmmaker, lecturer, and college professor. 
bad This musical documentary, which offers a musical mosaic of Afro-Cuban styles, could be described as a basic course: Afro-Cuban music 101. 
good The analytical discussions don't run very deep, but eyes will shine and toes will tap whenever this picture is shown. 
good Keys seems to understand that the global appeal of Cuban music is directly proportional to its multiculturality. 
bad Mildly amusing sports-themed sequel is fun for young kids. 
bad How did Fincher - a director who is very good at supplying thrills to thrillers, whatever his other strengths or limitations might be - end up shepherding such a leaden film? 
good Extreme suspense, graphic violence; not for kids. 
very_good Valuing logic over brutality, David Fincher's claustrophobic ride also touted the real-world practicality of keeping quiet over the cinematic kicks of a loud thriller. It's like "Wait Until Dark" with helplessness that's emotional, not just physical. 
bad There are so little things you can do with this story and a lot of it is pretty contrived. 
good [Allows] Fincher to shine as the skilled, stylish director that he is. 
good After his mind-bending, exhilarating Fight Club, director David Fincher takes on a more conventional Hollywood thriller. 
good Ultimately, this is just a big, dumb, commercial suspenser - but it's one of the best for ages, reminding us that it is still possible to make a high quality piece of popcorn entertainment. 
good Panic Room is a very scary film, well made and lovingly dark, and it illustrates how terrified we are of becoming the victims we see on TV. 
fair Director David Fincher stuffs the film with showy camerawork, including a trip into a keyhole, down drainpipes and through air vents. 
very_good ... Further proof that Fincher is one of the cinema's true modern masters. 
good Solid 
best ...one of the most taut and exciting thrillers to emerge out of Hollywood in a good long while. 
bad A film which finds Fincher doing a straightforward studio thriller but peppering it with enough of his own magic to keep his fans interested. 
good Atmosphere, deliberate pacing, intriguing characters, and edge-of-your-seat suspense . . . its only weaknesses coming in the form of excess on the finishing touches. 
bad Let's hope Fincher has enjoyed his vacation in Popcornopolis; now may the real David Fincher, the black-tar heart David Fincher, please resume his post in the vanguard. 
best Seeing Jodie Foster lay on her pillow, helpless, as shadows walk through hallways behind her, frightened me to the core. 
fair ...Even if it misses the mark on the thriller elements, it is at least stylish enough to be watchable. 
good David Fincher's directorial skill makes a tense tale snap with smart terror. 
best Hugely enjoyable thriller by David Fincher, with Foster back on top form -- stylish, thrilling and nail-bitingly suspenseful, this is top quality stuff... 
good Not a great film, but with such high-octane talent on board, it is better than run-of-the-mill. 
fair For an average filmmaker, this might be a nice addition to a resume but for Fincher, this is a disappointment. 
very_good From the bravura title sequence ... to tracking shots of the criminals casing their target, Fincher is able to expand artistically while shackled to a claustrophobic setting. 
good OK, so we never have much doubt about what will happen, but Fincher pulls out all the visual stops to crank up the heat in this tale of five people in a Manhattan house on one dark and stormy night. 
good Fincher mounts some clever, tense sequences in which the trio devises increasingly threatening strategies to force Meg and Sarah out of the panic room, only to be matched with improvised ingenuity from behind the vault door. 
very_good Fincher comprueba que el cine de escapismo y entretenimiento puede hacerse de forma inteligente y sin ofender al espectador menospreciando su capacidad mental. 
good During the thrilling moments every ounce of suspense earned the right to be there. 
best Enjoyable, but not enough to make me panic. 
very_good a first-rate nail biter, a taut, claustrophobic thriller that is part modern Hitchcock and part Peckinpah with a gender twist 
good A tight and tense viewing experience. 
good Effective use of camera movements, slow motion and total silence - all to build the tension. You can feel the audience holding their breaths and it doesn't matter that you know what's going to happen next. 
good Mais um momento inspirado de David Fincher. 
fair Very well made, but doesn't generate a lot of tension. 
bad Visual flare aside, you have a film that takes few chances -- a novelty for a director who's made his reputation on revising the thriller genre to suit his kinaesthetic picture representation and existential stance. 
very_good Placing it in the wide perspective of many other thrillers, it most definitely stands out in the crowd. 
best This is good stuff and you'd have to be numb to not feel the suspense as tides turn and turn again. 
good Everything is perfectly planned and laid out. 
good Fincher crafts supremely effective suspense sequences. 
good Panic Room is pretty much all suspense; you don't exactly need Fiennes, Olivier and Gielgud in this one to make it work. 
bad The 'fretful room' is a better description of this light thriller that unfolds like "Die Hard within a Budget." 
bad The viewer may be incredulous but never bored. 
good David Fincher hasn't made a bad movie yet 
good Style definitely wins over substance, and it's difficult to imagine the film being as enjoyable an entertainment if that were not the case. 
bad Although Panic Room manages to deliver a visual story about a horrific home intrusion, the film lacks overall creative narrative options that would sustain and effectively develop the film's horror and suspense. 
very_good Panic Room is a state of the art example of solid Hollywood filmmaking. 
very_good 'Panic Room' is taut, convincing, stylish and edgy cinema. 
bad As always, Fincher knows how to up the ante on the suspense, but even his dark, arty direction can't cover up the film's clunky, predictable screenplay. 
fair Jodie Foster makes a good Sarah Connor, kicking butt and flashing cleavage...Panic Room isn't an edge-of-your-seat thriller, but it's entertaining. 
very_good Panic Room is like the Energizer bunny of suspense; it just keeps going and going and going. 
good 'Panic Room" is a conventional, but well-crafted thriller which benefits from very talented actors. 
bad For a film that feels suspiciously like an early summer release, Panic Room pushes just enough of the right buttons. 
good Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense. 
good Foster nails the role, giving a tight, focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling. 
good A superb exercise in eliciting suspense out of simple, progressively sticky situations. 
good Cookie-cutter though this may be, Jodie makes for some awfully good eye candy. 
good Style dominates content, even when it comes to such niceties as continuity and establishing shots. 
good It's a treat for the eyes and ears. 
bad A well-crafted exercise in urban paranoia that's so controlled it never achieves the reckless, visceral immediacy its subject matter demands. 
bad It feels less like a suspense movie than a video-game spinoff of a suspense movie. 
good [Fincher] magically crafts stylish suspense out of the narrative equivalent of thin air. 
fair It's a triumph of technical filmmaking; as a story, it's got ice in its heart. 
fair A generally taut and effective little thriller. 
good It might sometimes forget to make sense, but no matter, since it creates enough tension that the audience can hardly think anyway. 
best It's a terrific entertainment. 
good The star of this movie is Fincher, who has filmed it in a grand style that manages to avoid showy excesses. 
good The talented Foster manages to inject considerable depth into her character. 
good Fincher clearly has talent to burn, and though this one doesn't set the screen ablaze, it certainly sends up a few sparks. 
best A class act from its elegant opening titles to its intense, nail-biting climax. 
very_good Taut and forbidding, enough so that you won't mind the implausibilities. 
fair Fincher brings suspense but few surprises to this mousetrap of a tale written by Pewaukee native David Koepp, who has baited it with a cheese-flavored McGuffin. 
good Foster brings much more subtle depth and insight to her character than is normally associated with such genre thrillers. 
good The sophisticated, superior performances [Fincher] coaxes from his entire cast start to layer in emotional subtext that lets this thriller chill your blood. 
fair The tension builds from the very start and keeps on pumping for the rest of the film. 
good It confirms Fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight. 
bad Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp can't sustain it. 
good It's a pleasurable revelation to see Foster feel out a role, both emotively and physically, with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here. 
bad Foster usually makes intelligent choices, but, time and again, one wonders what she could have seen in David Koepp's script, which ranges from flimsy to nonexistent. 
very_good Unencumbered with the usual sociological weight his movies carry, Fincher gets to revel in the sheer gee-whizziness of his craft. 
bad David Koepp has worked backwards to write the worst movie of his career. 
bad While Jodie Foster's resourceful fight for survival is convincing, David Koepp's script is predictable and David Fincher's direction is manipulative. 
fair [Fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller. 
good Once we sense Panic Room isn't going to cheat, it gathers in tension, because the characters are operating out of their own resources, and that makes them the players, not the pawns. 
good An acceptably diverting Saturday night at the movies, especially if you're willing to check your brains at the popcorn stand. 
good Features Fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity. 
fair Because Room's own time is limited to the 95-minute range, things move fast enough to make it a movie to enjoy and then forget. 
good Yes, Fincher is stooping this time -- his posture may not be sublime, but he does manage to conquer most of our objections. 
very_good Panic Room might seem small and modest on the outside, but once in, the picture is an orgy of tension and thrills unmatched by any film in the last year. 
bad Even without a twist or two, this compelling psychological thriller delivers the goods. 
bad Koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own. 
bad What goes on for the 110 minutes of "Panic Room" is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals. 
fair Not even the expansion of Psycho's peephole into a bank of video monitors can convince of Panic Room's purported heritage. 
good The best new film of the year! 
very_good We should be so lucky if all popcorn movies starred Jodie Foster and had the delicious interplay of psychological will, strategic cunning and reasonably watertight plausibility. 
bad What's surprising about this traditional thriller, moderately successful but not completely satisfying, is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be. 
fair The script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis, but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off. 
very_good One of those rare movies where you realize you're being manipulated but you succumb to it because the guy who's pulling the strings is a master. 
good Works the basics with style and intelligence. 
good Tense, terrific, sweaty-palmed fun. 
bad There is no shortage of twists and turns, but nearly all are easily maneuvered, and those that aren't only tend to test the traditional suspense-movie suspension of disbelief. 
good Defies logic, the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it. But darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats. 
good Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill. 
good A remarkably straightforward and effective thriller. 
good Fincher is a master of kinetic razzle-dazzle, goosing familiar or trite material to life with his high-tech bag of tricks. 
very_good David Fincher's Panic Room is the closest we've come to a film worthy of the banner "a female Die Hard." 
good This film had me crunching down on my fingernails and enjoying every tension-filled minute. 
very_good A taut thriller that would have made Hitchcock proud. 
very_good If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side, that's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in...and making you sweat. 
good Without question, "Panic Room" is robust thriller. But I expected more from a filmmaker as creative as Fincher. 
very_good The suspense in Panic Room never ebbs, and that makes for a thoroughly entertaining -- if somewhat exhausting -- 108 minutes. 
good In an intriguing opening title sequence, the cameras pan about New York City's skyscrapers with frightening panache as if each edifice holds some hideous secret. 
very_good The movie really moves at a breakneck pace and never really seems to slow down. 
bad The film is pitiless and efficient, and it's certainly effective, but it isn't really a lot of fun to watch. 
fair Panic Room may lack depth but it's great eye-candy nonetheless. 
good The fantasy elements are so seamlessly blended with real elements. There is very little disbelief by the characters, and you want to believe yourself by the end. 
bad Apart from the ecofriendly message, we have, as always, Miyazaki's magnificently inventive animation, which is almost enough to carry the day. 
bad There's still plenty of gorgeous eye-candy to keep adults going if they've taken their kids along for some unthreatening entertainment. 
good Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie. 
good A sweet love story about a boy and his fish, Ponyo is a weird yet wonderful children's fantasy, and marks another milestone in the career of Hayao Miyazaki. 
bad His antediluvian underwater creatures are gorgeous, a world removed from Finding Nemo, his sweeping tides and smashing tsunamis are a patchwork of colour and technique. 
very_good That rare children's movie that actually taps into the unique imaginative power of a child's mind. 
bad Though far from Studio Ghibli's best film, Ponyo is still a magical experience. 
very_good Significantly, Miyazaki creates realistic, valid and memorably attractive characters, such as the heroic-vulnerable-patient-nurturing-tough mother, Tina Fey. 
very_good While the animation in Ponyo is simplistic, even crude by many people's standards, there is no denying the film's dazzling color palette, masterful attention to detail and dizzying imagination. 
very_bad Shouldn't an anime' auteur of Hayao Miyazaki's stature avoid a story about a sea creature interacting with a human child? Isn't that "Finding Nemo?" 
good Doesn't commit itself to mining our deeper feelings, and as such it feels much more geared to younger viewers; but with that comes dazzling displays of drawn and painted visuals, full of color, life. 
very_bad Though Ponyo contains images so haunting that it's hard to dismiss altogether, this is one of Miyazaki's feeblest efforts. 
fair While it continually stimulates our imagination, it's a little too odd to really resonate. 
good Perfect family entertainment with a subtle environmental message. 
good Miyazaki's back, and still a force of nature. A weird, wonderful aquatic romp, Ponyo is also a meditation on the state of this blue planet. Catch it. 
good We're drawn under the waves of the sea to a hidden enclave of neon-hued aqualife more vibrant, surreal and enchanting than any of the floating 3D whatsits in 'Avatar'. 
good A fantastic looking, inventive and well-acted children's film, but a children's film nonetheless - and that's all it was ever intended to be. 
good As usual, Miyazaki treads a thin line between intuitive, unshackled fantasy and simply seeming to makes things up as he goes along, but there is never a dull moment in the film's imagery. 
good An arresting work from an unmistakable film-making personality. 
good A simple tale, less freighted by foreboding than Miyazaki's recent output. In any case, storytelling is less important to him than mood or texture. His films are dream waltzes, all liquid motion and mysterious turbulences. 
good Ponyo is The Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Fantasia, all wrapped up in one fin-tastic movie, and guaranteed to hold the attention of the most CG-addled five year old. 
good Bar the climactic dip, another Ghibli charmer that finds story, subject matter and style in freewheeling harmony. You haven't seen the sea until you've seen it through Miyazaki's goggles. 
good This is a million miles away from the garish and crude cartoons that American studios often churn out, and serves as a reminder that animated films can be imaginative, enchanting and exciting while still telling a sweet, good-hearted story. 
good [Miyazaki's] dream-like visuals which sparkle in the deep blue sea. 
good Absurdly delightful, a prestidigitation of line and colour. 
bad No animator captures the movement of tides and the deep physics of the sea as lyrically as Miyazaki, and the story's themes of rejuvenation and ecological balance carry a highly topical edge. 
good It may be a feelgood story but it's the stunning animation and the director's imagination that take the eye. 
best If you want to see something suitable for all ages that will dazzle you sideways and remind you of the awesome power of animation done right, you should see this. 
best Be bold enough to watch someone color outside the lines on purpose 
good The underwater scenes are as rich and teeming as Miyazaki's boundless imagination; little Ponyo in her human form, joyfully wobbling around on her newly sprouted legs, is a pure delight. 
good Beautifully animated, utterly charming adventure with a strong voice cast, delightful characters and an emotionally engaging, if bonkers, storyline. 
very_good Ponyo is a delight, so long as you accept it for what it is... an empowering, completely upbeat wonder-tale. 
good Minor Miyazaki to be sure, this film pales in comparison to many of his recent features. 
good Miyazaki refuses to be dismissed 
good lacks any real sense of conflict or danger. It makes up for it. . . with a delightfully absurd internal logic that is perfectly keyed into the way small children see the world 
bad Hayao Miyazaki is off his game with this film that has weaker art and animation than his usual films and a script that needed another draft or two. 
bad Ponyo is something of a disappointment. Leaving aside the plot deficiencies and storytelling awkwardness, Mr. Miyazaki's latest simply doesn't look good. 
good Miyazaki effortlessly combines the marvellous and the mundane in his cinema. Visually, Ponyo is an imaginative, exhilarating work, but its vigour and energy are achieved with surprising simplicity. 
good It is a delight, this film. There is so much imagination at work here. 
good Miyazaki has come up with another memorable film in Ponyo, which is roughly inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid... it's incredibly beautiful as Miyazaki explores an amazing world of sea creatures and human beings. 
good It's one of Miyazaki's funniest and most intimate films so far, partly because of the engaging matter-of-factness with which he marries the extravagantly fantastic with the comforting realities of everyday life. 
best Lately, when I want to smile, I just think of Ponyo. 
best Heralds a return to the child-like wonder of Miyazaki's enduring My Neighbor Totoro. And what do you know? It's another masterpiece. 
good Compared to the animated garbage that typically passes through stateside theaters, it's practically a godsend. 
best The sight of the giddy and newly bipedal Ponyo racing atop the waves of a magically roiling flood may be the happiest and most memorable image of the movie year. 
good The film's pleasures are immensely simple, but this does not make them less real or wonderful. 
good The film's joys are numerous, and most of them are small and simple. To start with, the animation -- all hand-drawn -- is simply breathtaking. 
fair I sure like Miyazaki's visual style, but could he for once make a movie that actually made sense? Or have realistic characters, like a mother who wouldn't leave her 5 year alone during an extremely dangerous storm? 
very_good ..something like Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid - if Nemo and Ariel had gotten together to ingest some new variety of aquatic shrooms. 
best Ponyo towers over this summer of empty toy-related blockbusters. It will end up as one of the best films in American release this year. 
very_good For those who love 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke,' as I do, here's another Hayao Miyazaki tale of friendship and fantasy. 
good Visually stunning, it's a fantastical, enchanting charmer that's bound to delight children and adults alike. 
fair Not the spectacle that Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away are, Ponyo's beautiful, hand-drawn storybook pastels, mesmerising swirls of colourful action and sweet message of friendship are a gentle delight. 
good His twisted version of Finding Nemo meets Splash, the movie won't go down as one of his best, but it's still better than 90 percent of animation out there. 
very_good Some may find it too childish, but the movie's innocence is infectious, and Miyazaki's artistry utterly transporting. 
very_good In a Summer of senseless mayhem and underwhelming efforts, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is majestic. It easily matches (and in many cases, surpasses) the best the genre has to offer. 
very_bad Probably the most saccarine horror film I've seen in years. 
bad Trippy in the right way, and wholly enchanting. 
very_good This exquisite pastel-colored, eye-popping example of hand-drawn animation is still very Japanese, aimed most specifically at children around the world -- but with a storytelling sophistication that adults will savor. 
bad Miyazaki's artwork can be lovely -- and the delicate, watery colors of Ponyo are particularly well done -- but he's still a slave to the genre's peculiar traditions. 
best Five minutes into this magical film you'll be making lists of the individuals of every age you can expose to the very special mixture of fantasy and folklore, adventure and affection, that make up the enchanted vision of Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki. 
bad Ponyo is a visually arresting work by an anime master, and both cute enough and suspenseful enough to keep pre-schoolers in their seats. 
very_good You watch a Miyazaki film with the pie-eyed, gape-mouthed awe of a child being read the most fantastic story and suddenly transported to places previously beyond the limits of imagination. It's quite a trip. 
good 'Ponyo' is a worthy piece of work from an artist who takes his work and his audience seriously. 
very_good Miyazaki works marvels. Sit back and behold. 
good As beautiful as Ponyo is to the eye, the movie -- thanks in part to a spotty English-language adaptation -- is sometimes a bit grating to the ear and confusing to the brain. 
good It's very much a charming kids' film, created by a master of animation. 
best The 68-year-old filmmaker shows that he's at the peak of his skills, both as a visual artist and a storyteller. 
very_good Hayao Miyazaki's magical Ponyo blends fantasy with just a drop of reality, and the result is irresistible. 
very_good A bright tale of wonder and connection, Ponyo is a reminder that a G rating needn't be a "little kid" designation. 
good Disney has done an unusually fine job of Americanizing Ponyo with a delicate script by "E.T." writer Melissa Mathison and warm, expressive voice work. Now, I just hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears. 
fair The film is visually stunning, however, with a A-list cast of voices that include Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, and Tina Fey. 
good It's a wonderful place that Miyazaki creates, an alternatively sweet and savage world that defies physics and common sense, as imaginative and impossible in its own way as Jules Verne's sci-fi fantasies or Maurice Sendak's animal kingdom. 
bad Those who consider Miyazaki a filmmaking master will probably consider this another one of his masterpieces. 
good Miyazaki's stunning adventure is geared to younger kids. 
very_good The type of glorious filmmaking and storytelling that should appeal to everyone ... a wonderful and magical film that should be seen and enjoyed as a family. 
best Hayao Miyazaki proves that he is not only a master animator but also a master storyteller. Ponyo is easily one of the best films -- animated or live action -- of the year. 
very_good Sometimes it's enough to just sit back and let a beautiful work of animation wash over you, letting the troubles of the world slide past as the pictures take you out of this world. Ponyo is just that sort of film. 
very_good When the ocean rises in this wonderful movie, each leaping wave stares out at us with a baleful eye as if in watchful and worried wait. 
very_good Wondrous, weird, and sweetly innocent, Ponyo is a tale bursting with love, which is recommendation enough for the young and the young at heart. 
good you get a psychedelic, visually stunning film with a Japanese flavor, instead of one with pop culture flavor (and no talking dogs or balloons). 
very_good A magical, uplifting and visually stunning film that's exhilarating for kids and adults simultaneously. 
good Even though Ponyo is not one of Miyazaki's great masterpieces (at least from a narrative perspective), it is so beautiful and immersive that it's hard to imagine grown ups not losing themselves in it. 
fair Ponyo will sure make you long for the days of hand-drawn animation. 
fair Accompanying adults will likely find themselves just as enthralled as their little ones. 
best "Ponyo" is the kind of dazzling cinematic experience that will resonate in the hearts and minds of anyone who sees it for a long time afterwards. 
very_good A good number of Miyazaki's fans will be disappointed by what looks like a step back, but the relaxed simplicity of the new film eventually works its effortless magic. 
best We are truly dealing with a master. 
very_good With its ever-shifting world and palpable sense of magic, Ponyo captures the wonder of being a child. 
good Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good. 
bad A charming and enchanting mystical fairy tale about a goldfish who becomes a girl and a little boy who loves her and introduces her with pride to his world of wonders. 
bad A loose adaptation of The Little Mermaid that's full of fantastic visuals and genuine whimsy, but a little lax when it comes to plot logic or meaningful themes. 
good A lovely and unique feast for the eyes and the heart. 
good If you've never experienced a Miyazaki movie, here's your chance to try one. Come on in. The water's fine. 
good Nothing in the great animation of a Miyazaki movie stays cute for long. Not the ocean, not the trees, not the critters that live in them. Change is constant but rarely natural. 
fair comes from a great line of Miyazaki heroines 
best Fable, emotion and psychology merge in a fairy-tale brew that will hold children rapt and engage the better angels of adults. 
very_good I feel like I need a second viewing for full absorption. 
very_good Ponyo isn't quite as memorable as some of Miyazaki's previous works, but it's a magical experience that's far superior to most animated offerings. 
best This poetic, visually breathtaking work by the greatest of all animators has such deep charm that adults and children will both be touched. It's wonderful and never even seems to try: It unfolds fantastically. 
good Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones. 
best ...a sweetly lovable and visually trippy movie that young tots and their parents can enjoy in equal measure. 
bad What held in the animator's previous films as eccentrically multifaceted dream logic comes off for once as a series of non sequiturs -- but really, why complain while sucking on an Everlasting Gobstopper of eye candy? 
good Charming, amusing and firmly anchored in a child's point of view, this movie from the master animator of Spirited Away makes a great introduction to that acquired-taste style of filmmaking. 
bad See this film if you're looking to immerse yourself in a sense of delight over the simple wonders of a child's world. 
good With a starry, first-rate voice cast and the shortened name, this Disney-fied version remains a magnificent animation wonder and a pure delight. 
fair Until its fizzle of a finale, Ponyo, Hayao Miyazaki's latest artisanally-crafted anime daydream, brims forth with an appealingly willy-nilly inventiveness pitched to a child's sense of wonder. 
bad The level of "why the heck not?" enthusiasm that Bava and Argento evidently sank into this second chapter is addictive in the same way that a sugar rush can be. 
very_bad ...an even less interesting piece of work than its mediocre predecessor... 
bad ... often laughable and unintentionally funny, but also -- surprisingly quite scary in some scenes. 
good Arty and scary horror flick. 
bad Doesn't even compare to the original, but the blood and guts make it passable entertainment. 
very_bad If you dug the first one, you'll probably enjoy about 30% of the sequel. 
bad Highly entertaining adaptation, with a hilarious Art Carney as the aunt. 
bad Explores the dark connection between guilt, sex, and Catholicism. 
very_bad Not much in the way of laughs or anything else. 
bad Some moments as lovely as the smell of cookies, especially the dance number. 
bad Travolta magic is sprinkled everywhere 
very_bad A cloying and cloudy romantic comedy in which Travolta dons angelic wings. Michael is innocuously whimsical but wasteful 
very_bad John Travolta's Ever-Sap - Coming Soon to a Supermarket Near You 
very_bad Fatally earthbound. 
very_good This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects. 
bad For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening. 
very_good Production and direction wise, Wilder sustains his usual excellence. But his story is controversial and I am not one of those who can quite see The Apartment as the great comedy-drama he evidently intended it to be. 
best From such potentially edgy material Wilder and co-writer IAL Diamond sculpt an unforgettable romance. 
good Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems. 
best Beautifully written and directed by the great Billy Wilder, bittersweet and heartfelt, this is sheer delight. 
best Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine shine as two essentially good souls trapped in a tangle of office politics. 
bad Wilder has made some truly great movies, but this one is not the masterpiece we thought it was. 
good Even over a half-century on, The Apartment remains a biting classic due to its modern romantic sensibilities and Lemmon's commanding, thoroughly charming central performance. 
best This really is a film of ever increasing returns. 
best No one does the pitchblack flipside of funny like Wilder, and 1960's The Apartment is the darkest he ever made. 
good Directed by Wilder with attention to detail and emotional reticence that belie its inherent darkness and melodramatic core, it's lifted considerably by the performances. 
very_good This Oscar-winning Best Picture still has the power and appeal that won audiences over back in 1960. 
good The cast brings the film together, showing Lemmon and MacLaine as more than just comedic performers, but also as those who can hold their own with heavier script elements. 
very_good A perfect mix of comedy, drama, and romance, The Apartment showcases writer/director Billy Wilder at the peak of his creative talent. 
best A screen gem that attained classic status in about as much time as it takes to comb one's hair. 
good With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning. 
best With tremendous performances by the two leads (Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine), this is yet another "must see" title to be found on Wilder's resume. 
very_good Billy Wilder somehow took a story about infidelity and suicide and made it into a comedy. 
very_good Billy Wilder further enhances his filmic resume with this tender portrayal of a lonely man who may soon get what he deserves. Jack Lemmon is terrific. 
best Humanism and cleverness age like fine wine, even if served with spaghetti strained with a tennis racket. 
best It's one of the most heartbreaking films I've ever seen. 
good A classic comedy, showing Billy Wilder at his cynical best. 
good It probably seemed more daring in 1960, but it's still adult entertainment in the best sense of the term. 
best Among the funniest films ever to win a Best Picture, this was also risque for its time (and perhaps it is today to some). 
best This comedy tells truths about American business and sexual mores as uncomfortable now as they were in 1960. 
best Sure it's a bit dated, but that's not the movie's fault. One of Wilder's best films ... and that's saying a whole lot! 
best Quite simply one of the finest comic romances ever made. 
best There is a melancholy gulf over the holidays between those who have someplace to go, and those who do not. The Apartment is so affecting partly because of that buried reason. 
fair This cynical study of office politics and sexual mores by Billy Wilder, despite winning 5 Oscars in 1960, doesn't date well. 
best Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity. 
terrible It's impossible to feel sympathy for any of The Apartment's characters. 
best A barbed and occasionally brutal comedy with few illusions about personal or corporate ethics. 
best Great Olivier performance and direction. 
good Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made. 
good A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda. 
good The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation. 
good A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema. 
good The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film. 
bad If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co 
best A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage. 
best Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date. 
good A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art. 
best That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others. 
best Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance. 
best Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently. 
fair Though intricately plotted and well acted, Minghella's characters feel more like symbols than flesh-and-blood characters, and their travails seem designed to illustrate a lecture about privilege, injustice, cultural stereotypes and bourgeois complacency. 
good Insightful, contemporary love story for adults. 
bad Though Binoche does very solid work, she can't sell the idea of her and Law as a couple; the chemistry isn't there. Not much else rings true in Minghella's screenplay, which is full of coincidences and speeches about race and class. 
fair A messy yet occasionally affecting drama. 
very_bad Un drama urbano muy contemporaneo que explora superficialmente ciertas realidades sociales, pero que presta mas atencion a las crisis domesticas de sus personajes. Podria haber sido mucho mas interesante. 
fair Minghella signe une %u0153uvre enivrante enumerant avec tact et intelligence les valeurs d'honnetete, de respect et de confiance decoulant de chacune de ses resolutions de conflit. 
very_good ...a handsome but regrettably underpowered and preachy movie about liberal white guilt. 
very_bad When Vera Farmiga shows up as a ridiculous Romanian prostitute, we want to give her money just so she'll remain onscreen and continue to flash her chest and her phony accent and offer at least the promise of titillation. 
bad A story of thievery and a torrid love affair, it takes a capable filmmaker and a skilled cast and locks them up in a holding cell of pretense. 
very_bad Despite its title, Breaking and Entering doesn't crack these characters and doesn't let us see inside them... 
very_good Deserves to be celebrated as a work that comes closer than any other to achieving what the filmmaker does best: Reminding us that no matter what is happening on a larger scale, we are defined by our interpersonal relationships. 
fair A restrained, low-key chamber piece about immigration and gentrification, and the emotional quicksand associated with marital betrayal. 
fair The events that unfold never feel completely authentic. And its optimistic message of forgiveness feels too pat, as one character jokes in another context, to be contagious. 
very_bad There isn't an honest human moment in the whole movie. 
bad Despite its arty construction and clever dialogue, Breaking and Entering leaves us too chilly to care. 
fair Minghella's screenplay may be a little too ambitious; it's overstuffed with plot and characters. 
bad An intimate, but intriguing drama. It refuses to be categorized. 
bad Minghella obviously has affection for his ever-changing London, but the city is a more intriguing character than any of the people inhabiting it. 
bad As with all of Minghella's films, there's intelligence and texture and depth and feeling, though here the emotions can seem frostbitten. Perhaps the first thing that wasn't working and needed to be fully broken to heal was the script. 
bad [Minghella's] need to meticulously control every situation, to so perfectly intertwine the lives of every character and to tie up every loose thread creates a degree of contrivance so unrealistic that the fine performances of the cast are muted. 
very_bad Dramatically, it's pale and wan, an almost defiant bore. It sits there, like a month-old stew hiding in the back of the fridge: thick, gummy, indigestible. 
very_bad An overly metaphorical mess in which virtually every character and story element is so choked with portent that the whole thing looks like a fire sale at Symbols 'R Us. 
bad Maybe Jude Law should take some time off from acting. Maybe Juliette Binoche should get a new dialect coach. Maybe Anthony Minghella should try writing a movie ending that doesn't make everybody groan. 
bad With all these unbelievable situations, the too-articulate-for-its-own-good dialogue, the dragging pace and the lack of chemistry between Law and Binoche, a viewer doesn't care how this mess all turns out. 
fair For all its Bergmanesque agonizing, the film never digs too far under the surface. It fails to break and enter. 
good Breaking and Entering, not unlike a pair of other English dramas of recent vintage (Notes on a Scandal and The Queen), provides further proof that so-called serious filmmaking can be equally entertaining and provocative. 
bad [Minghella has] simply traded the turgid solemnity of the period epic for the turgid solemnity of the indie drama. 
bad With its overwritten, every-hair-in-place script, Breaking and Entering robs itself of reality. 
fair Anthony Minghella's Breaking and Entering shimmers with good intentions and competency: Its blue/gray palette is elegant and unobtrusive; its cast is uniformly fine with occasional startling moments of brilliance. 
fair Everything flows from the film's fundamental lethargy -- a hero without a spine, a romance without joy and a crime with neither moral rebuke nor consequences. No surprise that the story, like the protagonist, floats along in a noodly sort of way. 
fair An A-list soaper on moral pins and needles, the film is urbanely textured, full of Brit glibness and plush layering. Minghella makes broodingly adult coffee-table movies, and sometimes we wish he'd just serve up the coffee. 
fair No one is allowed to explode with emotion in this picture because if they did, it might interrupt our admiration of Minghella's carefully constructed story, with all its 'profound' connections. 
fair Breaking and Entering is about a kind of white privileged guilt and the apologies that come with it. Minghella gingerly backs away from provocation, from realism. 
good Its waywardness may not make for the tightest of narratives, but it certainly gives the movie the pulse of real, random life 
bad What are the meaningful connections between these people's lives? Are they real and significant, or are they just plot contrivances, the manipulation of pawns in an onscreen board game? 
bad Writer-director Anthony Minghella tries to base his story on the messy, unpredictable nature of human emotional response. What he gets is mostly a mess. 
fair Plays by its own rules and hopes prospective audiences are patient enough to follow characters whose lives are more rewarding to watch than the ho-hum plot surrounding them. 
good The film gives us hope about our ability to become better people when we're faced with difficult situations, but it's not sentimental. 
good A smart, well-mannered film that could use a little more juice and fire. 
fair Seeing the film is like attending a refined cocktail party where social problems are clucked over and personal tensions are politely disregarded. When it's over, you wish you'd gone to a bar where people know how to have an argument and throw a punch. 
very_bad A case of grade-A professionalism totally oblivious to the inanity of the work being put forth. 
very_bad Minghella has drawn intimate love stories from supernatural fantasies and widescreen epics, but not even he can turn sappy corn into social commentary. 
fair Go see Anthony Minghella's jagged new drama, Breaking and Entering, and you'll feel as if you're getting two movies for the price of a single ticket. The bad news? Only one of these stories is actually worth your money. 
very_bad Weak as both a forbiden afair drama due to the non existant chemistry of the illicit couple, and as a sociological exploration of the relationships between the rich white man and the ghetto boy, or even as a political approach of the Bosnian drama, B&E on 
very_bad Breaking and Entering climaxes in a welter of apologies. Everyone in London, it seems, has cause for remorse and for my part I regret that I lost count of the number of times the words 'I'm sorry' were uttered on screen. 
fair ... despite Minghella's admirable attempt to tackle major themes on an intimate scale, the film goes down like weak tea. 
very_bad Another boring, messy, pessimistic relationship movie about men cheating and women behaving cruelly. 
bad A shapely, intelligent piece probing the placid surface of London's trendy reputation to discover an array of 21st century maladies -- personal, social, political, criminal, even mental, but not, it transpires, dental. 
very_bad Minghella raises some interesting questions on the subject of exile - whether from one's country, family, ethnic identity or self. But his conclusions feel pious and pat. 
bad Makes the mistake of cluttering the screen and the story. They run out of time because of the filler, so the emotions are rushed to the extremes. 
good It's an unsettling pleasure, but pleasurable nonetheless, to listen to adults talk about intimate issues in an engaged, intelligent manner for the better part of two hours. 
very_good Minghella is aided immeasurably by his excellent cast, especially Jude Law, who seems to get better with every film, and a radiant Juliette Binoche in one of her best performances. 
bad Minghella gives the impression that, underneath all the sludge, he has something very important to say, but this never makes itself clear. 
very_bad Not quite a misdemeanor, but definitely nothing to celebrate. 
bad One of Jude Law's best performances. 
fair What is worse: the theft of material possessions or the theft of someone's heart? That's the intellectually engaging premise. 
very_bad Jude Law needs to get a new agent. 
bad The inner city doesn't work for either Minghella or Law in this tedious pot-boiler that even Juliette Binoche can't pull out of the fire 
bad Perhaps the kindest way to describe Anthony Minghella's Breaking and Entering is to say it's evident as being broken fairly early during the proceedings. 
good A thought-provoking and ethically-charged film that greatly expands our moral understanding of the act of stealing. 
very_bad From its class warfare premise to the presence of Juliette Binoche, Breaking and Entering plays out like a softer, more cuddly version of Michael Haneke's Cache. 
very_bad A betrayal of a dedicated cast and a middlebrow demographic that deserves better than this handsome, pedagogical tongue bath whether it asks for it or not. 
good Minghella raises social issues his film may not be providing answers for... or, less than acceptable ones. 
very_bad It's a smart film, but like much of Minghella's output, it is too polite to grip. 
good Minghella is a master at texture and depth, which makes up for some frustration with the characters 
bad The film is saddled with a badly written, unconvincing ending that threatens to ruin the film completely - in fact, you're almost better off leaving the cinema ten minutes early and supplying your own ending. 
bad Despite some admirably committed performances, the film is marred by a few plot contrivances that cast unbelievability into a story that strives to be about real relationships, real politics, and real economics. 
very_bad Breaking and Entering is an intelligent movie with a great supporting cast -- virtues that prove to be its undoing. 
fair An odd mix of the sophisticated and the sentimental. 
bad Minghella returns to his roots for a moody and stylish London drama that's full of terrific scenes and strong performances. Although it's a little contrived and overwrought. 
very_bad Like last year's Academy Award-winning Crash, Breaking and Entering is about random collisions between classes and cultures. It's also just as contrived. 
bad 0.6 
terrible I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish. 
very_bad The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller, with violent confrontations, gunfights, plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene. 
very_bad There's something heavy-handed, even for Sparks, in the telling of the couple's story, particularly when it comes to Dawson's family: they are leering, brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices. 
fair A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation... 
very_bad The Best Of Me, like all Sparks' work, would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real, scarred relationship. 
bad Dawson is called a "white trash piece of (poo)" by his own daddy, which is rich, because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain, a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of (poo). 
very_bad Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation: always the same, always a bit different (but mostly the same). 
bad You can sneer, but I don't care - the heart wants what it will, and my heart wants Sparks. So there. 
terrible Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again, hoping his legion of fans don't notice the ruse, we've heard this Sparks song before. 
very_bad The film is a huge letdown due to the script. The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with. 
terrible The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film. 
terrible The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels, this is the epitome of disingenuous, manufactured and manipulative. The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial "A"-list lovebirds. 
terrible "I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of 'The Notebook.'" 
very_bad Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden, violent. 
good A syrupy, sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise. 
very_bad It's a very silly film. 
very_bad Bad boy meets good girl, families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending. 
terrible The sunlight is golden, the accent's rural (this one's set in Louisiana), people die, sagacious letters are read aloud. 
very_bad By the standards of other Sparks productions, this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along, and everyone's making the best of a fairly blah job. 
bad At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously. 
terrible I don't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them. They pretty much suck. What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level. 
very_bad There's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself. The Best of Me treads all over that line. 
terrible Predictability is The Best of Me's greatest sin. The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs, where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative. 
terrible Cynical and lazy, The Best of Me feels as if it's assembled from parts of other, better weepies. 
very_bad Interminably long, dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings. 
fair The Best of Me isn't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story, which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks' work. 
very_bad As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness. 
bad "The Best of Me" is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics. At this point, even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better. 
terrible Like traditional pornography, The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction... 
fair We've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past. I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher, less cliche-filled package. 
terrible Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song. 
very_bad The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine. 
terrible Even permitting that the movie's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks's more complicated scenarios, that makes his failure to draw up compelling, flawed, human characters all the more conspicuous. 
very_bad Isn't fate a funny thing? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up. 
bad The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks, but audiences can certainly choose better. 
very_bad It has a perverse integrity, playing every winsome stare and I'm-gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity. 
terrible A love story about as moving and genuine as a ballad crooned by a studio-manufactured boy band. 
terrible Sinks like a rock thrown into a sun-dappled lake shaded by magnolia trees sparkling under a sky of shooting stars. 
terrible The sugar content of this film is so horrendously high, it could be available on the NHS for hypoglycaemia. 
very_bad Corny, dumb and predictable and rife with cliches, it's Dawson's Crap. 
terrible The actors are appealing enough and Hoffman's direction calm enough to qualify "Best" as better than its predecessors. That's rather like calling it the tallest midget, however ... 
terrible "The Best of Me" to actual romance what pro wrestling is to actual sports: A loud, overdone mix of sweaty clinches and implausible events leading to a conclusion you knew well before the start, never mind before the end. 
terrible Sparks would be delighted if this movie were compared to his other story about reunited lovers, but compared to "The Notebook," "The Best of Me" is the coffee-stained outline of a sales pitch for sleeping pills. 
very_bad The Best of Me contains the nucleus of an inventive short story with a kicker finale. But stretched over 119 long minutes and directed with snapless flair by Hoffman, this tale of second chances becomes a wearying parade of sparkless Sparks. 
bad Like the artificially sweetened junk food it is, this all goes down pretty easily. 
terrible Whether it's worth the price of a ticket is measured by your tolerance for treacly romance. 
terrible Already hobbled by an overwrought story that turns positively Hallmark-Movie-preposterous in its third act, journeyman director Michael Hoffman can't conceive of a single memorable set-piece or rouse his actors into action. 
very_bad Corn on the bayou. 
very_bad Monaghan and Marsden swim against the torpid tide of tripe that is Nicholas Sparks, and eventually give up and sink beneath it. 
very_bad The conviction of the leads saves this from being a total stinker, although an ending of industrial strength stupidity places it a mere whisker away. 
very_bad The Best of Me doubles down on the fawning. Both Luke Bracey and James Marsden whip off their shirts, strut their abs and perform intensive gardening, taking hand and shovel to fertile soil while sweating in the glistening Southern sunset. 
bad As misguided and overemotional as a drunk high-school production of 'Romeo and Juliet', and just as weirdly, unintentionally entertaining. 
terrible The most vexing, and detrimental aspect to this picture, is the laughable choice of casting for the younger Dawson Cole. 
very_bad A Hole in One aspires to the Sirkian social satire of Todd Haynes' Far From Heaven, but the result is closer to a Coen brothers film with all the funny parts removed. 
very_bad Things play out differently than expected, though not in any particularly interesting or entertaining way. 
terrible Dreadfully misconceived. 
very_bad With its heavy symbolism and awkward, lurching pace, A Hole in One leaves viewers with little more than the vague conviction that falling in love is better than an ice pick to the brain. 
very_bad Director-writer Richard Ledes shows better command of 1950s period atmosphere than he does of either his subject or his cast. 
best In writer-director Richard Ledes dreamy, '50s-era film, the lobotomy is touted as a way of controlling the uncontrollable and pacifying the anxious. 
bad Quirky to the point of irritation. 
bad The film's tapestry of snarky sights and sounds doesn't exactly shed a complex light on the social and emotional problems and behaviors of people who lived in '50s. 
bad ...from the opening titles, with their jangling ice-pick imagery, the film builds an appropriate sense of needling uneasiness... 
very_bad Friday the 13th: Part VII - The New Blood ultimately stands as one of the more overtly pointless entries within this franchise. 
fair This new cleaner-looking version of The New Blood is miles ahead of what fans had access to previously on DVD 
fair A more supernatural turn for the series. 
bad By this seventh entry in the series, being different just for the sake of it really is justification enough. 
bad The anxieties suffered by Tina throughout the film are well thought-out by the franchise's typically one-dimensional standards. 
very_bad Does this even appeal to the hardcore Jason fans? I doubt it. 
bad Sort of Jason meets Carrie outing that's about on par with the rest of the silly series. 
terrible The only thing that needs new blood injected into it is this franchise 
very_bad turns out to be all swing and no follow-through, essentially wasting an interesting premise on tepid writing, bad acting, silly characters, and mediocre direction 
very_bad When a hardcore Friday the 13th fan tells you that a particular entry is a piece of junk, you should probably listen. 
best It's easy to forget just how fine Cool Hand Luke is. 
best ...a gulag melodrama, if such a thing is possible. 
good Anchored by Paul Newman's thoroughly magnetic performance... 
good Newman remains watchable and glamorous throughout, bloody, muddy or coated in torso-flattering sweat, but the film's efforts to sentimentally "humanize" him by psychological revelation are clumsy. 
good The lines and the character have survived the film's oft-forgotten actual message. 
best ...most viewers will have little failure understanding the movie and its motives. They communicate brilliantly. 
best One of those movies you remember Great Moments from. 
best Too cool for words, then switches past midstream into a work of poignancy and power. 
best Preserves a time when one could not only get away with making an allegory with an existential hero, but stock it with an ensemble from the Actors Studio. [Blu-Ray] 
very_good gorgeous looking and terrifically acted 
best An amazing accomplishment by Newman as the best fight man has left in him. 
best Classic anti-hero story still packs a punch. 
best Cool Hand Luke rivals only One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as the best movie ever made about men locked up. 
best A tough, honest film with backbone. 
best What we got here...is a classic Paul Newman drama. 
best A seminal work. 
very_good It's as fresh and effective in 2004 as it was in 1967. 
best A masterpiece of justice and the injustice it hides. 
best That traditional object of sorrow and compassion in American folk song and lore, the chain-gang prisoner, is given as strong a presentation as ever he has had on the screen. 
best Cool Hand Luke is the most engaging allegory of Christ. 
best All in all, Cool Hand Luke is a damn fine picture that'll stick with you. 
bad Kids will enjoy it, even if the jokes escape them. 
bad All things considered, I got more fun out of the much maligned earlier attempt of bringing characters from the show to film, Boris and Natasha. 
good Expected punny dialogue and sight gags ensue, but also packed in are pointed, self-deprecating barbs about Hollywood, moviemaking, and the conventions of cartoons themselves. 
good These complaints are mere trifles compared to the fun I had at seeing my favorite moose and squirrel again. 
bad If you liked the 1960s cartoon series upon which this film is based, you'll like this film. 
terrible There's just not enough depth of thought to sustain it onscreen for 90 minutes. 
terrible All of this adds up to a story we don't care about with nothing particularly involving and about two laughs both in the first ten minutes. 
bad For the most part, the film succeeds, with predictable complaints stemming from the stretch marks that plague all features based on TV/animated shows. 
good The rare adaptation that celebrates the spirit of the TV show that spawned it instead of disgracing it. 
terrible So unrelentingly bad on so many levels. 
terrible It's sledgehammer whimsy, and it's not talking to me. 
bad The picture, though loose and lazy for much of its life, does at least have a high degree of innocence, charm and pep. 
fair a generally a fun movie, especially for those who are familiar with the old cartoons 
very_bad Too fragmented to either please or sufficiently entertain any of its target audiences. 
fair If the shrill know-it-all squirrel and his oafish horned buddy aren't old friends, then you'll likely want to give this a miss. 
very_bad When it connects, the belly laughs are long and loud, but when it misses, the groans you'll be hearing are your own. 
very_bad Falls flat within today's comedic standards. 
bad McAnuff and screenwriter Kenneth Lonergan seem unable to get the story and the satire to co-exist. 
terrible Looms as the Howard the Duck for the new millennium. 
bad After a surprisingly savvy and funny introduction, this wildlife road comedy can't generate enough smart-ass creativity to sustain its feature length. 
good The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle appears to be one of the frontrunners for both the 'eye candy' crowd and children's audience. 
bad Rocky and Bullwinkle is too hectic to allow any breathing room for characterization. 
good McAnuff and his cast have a jolly time with this material. 
fair A fun but rather ordinary cartoon crossover dressed up with the wit of Ward's creations. 
fair The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is completely in the spirit of its progenitor. 
bad It's a mostly adorable comic-adventure fantasy brightened by flashes of true inspiration. 
fair Captures the tone and spirit of the original. 
bad It is so unpretentious that it is impossible to dislike. 
very_good By making us conspirators in the humor, by constantly breaking the fourth wall ... to remind us that this is a movie about a movie about a kids' cartoon TV series, Rocky and Bullwinkle surprises and delights. 
good A sweet treat for the family audience. 
fair 90 minutes is too long for any incarnation of The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle. 
bad Rocky and Bullwinkle's latest adventure is a fractured tale. 
terrible Made by people who clearly think themselves much smarter than their audience. In place of whimsy, it offers cynicism. 
fair Pity the poor toons stuck with such two-dimensional, (so-called) live-action figures. 
good There's a word for this movie, and that word is: jolly. 
very_bad A synthesis of stuff we've seen in every gangster movie since the '70s 
good Hensleigh wields the techniques with a sure hand and uses them to construct a compelling, engaging narrative, but at the same time seasoned viewers will constantly feel a nagging sense of familiarity. 
bad It's not just that the movie appears to find Greene far more charming than he was in Porrello's book. It's that Kill the Irishman never brings either freshness or energy to its tale. In the end, even the many explosions seem tired. 
very_bad Certainly the filmmakers rounded up the right cast of tough-guy actors for this story of mob activity, but their presence doesn't lend much vigor to this unfocused and sentimental tale. 
bad ...suffers from the twin deficits of a charm-free leading man and a screenplay that seems composed of dialogue and scenes written and then discarded by writers working on better films. 
bad Hey, "Kill the Irishman." "The Sopranos" called. It wants its actors back. Along with everything else you borrowed. 
very_bad Rushed and simplistic, with little sense of its characters as people or the flavor of their time and place. 
good [Stevenson is] crazily charismatic here, a blend of brash cockiness and sensitivity, and he makes a satisfying film even better. 
fair Hensleigh romanticizes Greene and doesn't have a very nuanced understanding of labor racketeering. That said, he does possess a fine eye for shabby urban landscapes and a nice way with explosions. 
fair The cast makes up for some occasionally spotty storytelling and telegraphing of events that keep "Irishman" from being as good as it could have been. 
good What makes this film special and memorable is the character of Danny Green, who is not the usual neighborhood hoodlum you see in movies, the kind who gets in deep and gradually loses his soul. 
bad Stevenson is big and swarthy and not altogether without credibility, but he's got as much charisma as a potato. 
bad The film is proof that a good story and a great cast can overcome a lot of obstacles. 
fair I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I hope we get to see more quality mob movies sooner rather than later. 
terrible A movie that includes Val Kilmer, Vincent D'Onofrio and Christopher Walken shouldn't be dull, but somehow Kill The Irishman manages it. 
bad At the same time overemphatic and insecure. 
fair It's full of familiar old faces, a wee bit of color -- and, occasionally, a literally explosive charge of drama. 
fair As a kind of St. Patrick's Day hangover, "Kill the Irishman'' gets the job done. 
bad A mishmash of familiar mafia tale beats and rise to power/fall from glory tropes, the film is nonetheless buoyed by a strong cast -- particularly its star, Ray Stevenson, who plays the flagrantly coifed mad bomber Greene. 
bad The setting lacks the gritty feel of the mean streets of New York, Jersey or even Boston mob movies. It is, after all, Cleveland. The story, which gets bogged down in detail, often feels predictable and lacks spark. 
bad As Danny's old-lady neighbor puts it, there's a bit of good in every Irishman, and the same goes for this movie, what with the performances from Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Christopher Walken. 
bad The film successfully evokes a mid 70's inner city look and feel, and builds dramatic tension, but from the title on down we know the ending that is coming. 
good The film stands apart from its countless predecessors in its evocation of the existential essence of a life spent perpetually looking over one's shoulder. 
bad An extravagantly corny ode to the collapse of the Cleveland mafia in the 1970s. 
bad In the lead role, the snarling Ray Stevenson suffers from a charisma deficit. 
very_bad Cliched shards of mob movies that add up to the usual "Goodfellas" knockoff. 
bad Yes, we've seen all this stuff before, but we've never seen this version of this stuff before. 
good A fun and entertaining take on the genre. 
terrible A mind-numbingly familiar saga of thuggish tough guys, dapper mafioso, and urban warfare that, despite a based-on-real-life pedigree, proves indistinguishable from its imitative brethren. 
best Anderson is often mistakenly dismissed as a hack but the artist is actually working within the confines of Hollywood genre cinema, constantly transcending and elevating it through the triumph of his avant-garde visual sensibility. 
very_bad Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution, which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization. 
terrible More high-calorie, low-sense, audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise. 
bad It's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice: she gives the character just enough personality, but not enough to break the somber apocalyptic mood. 
fair The Resident Evil films are not everyone's bag, although they seem to be evolving into their own brand of hyper-stylized cheese, made more extreme with each outing. 
fair For those of us who know what we're in for with the series, the fifth installment is for better or worse, more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer 
very_bad You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you can't varnish a turd. 
bad If you liked the other Resident Evil films, you'll like this, and the end suggests there'll be plenty more. 
very_bad More than ever, forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes. 
very_bad Resident Evil: Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept. 
terrible Even noisier, more incoherent, and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors. 
very_bad While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused, this one seems a good deal lazier, both in the writing and directing departments. 
bad 'Regurgitation' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round... 
bad Containing almost no story, Resident Evil: Retribution shows the series' video-game origin more than ever. 
very_bad Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy. 
bad Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine, but the movie is just more of the same old stuff. 
terrible Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn, but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson? 
very_bad It takes a while for the film to start being bad. 
fair A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy. 
terrible Dreary,loud and uber-violent but, having grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, there's no stopping this franchise. 
very_bad 'Resident Evil: Retribution' does feel like a miniscule improvement over 'Afterlife,' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course. 
terrible A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones, the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants. 
terrible The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement. 
terrible Thuddingly awful. 
very_bad "Resident Evil: Retribution" brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago. 
very_bad A zombie plague may have laid waste the world, but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted. 
fair Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects, director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick, glossy, futuristic action pulp. 
very_bad Nao tem historia; tem fases. 
bad Paul W.S. Anderson's writing may not have blown minds and our characters may not be up for any awards, but Resident Evil: Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level. 
bad Anderson's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil: Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands. 
fair You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight, form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other, or you don't. It's really that simple. 
terrible I half-believed this movie was, indeed, a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong. 
good a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. "The Other Master" Anderson, it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema. 
very_good At this point in the franchise, Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop, ever-ending, ever-rebooting, all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense. 
very_bad Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys, then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing, ad nauseum. 
very_bad Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then, but if Retribution has one glaring problem it's that it has far too many of them. 
bad Resident Evil movies don't tell stories so much as they provide variations on a theme, and that theme is: a pubescent boy's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare 
terrible "At last," Alice narrates, "we thought we had survived the horror." But no. 
terrible We don't go to video game movies for plot, of course, but there has to be something to hold onto; otherwise, why would we care if our protagonist were in danger? 
bad The film's extravagant action scenes have not a whiff of consequence to them, and other than Alice, the foremost quality of all of the characters is their disposability. 
terrible Resurrecting some dead characters from the previous films doesn't do much from moving this lifeless film to an exciting action film fans want to enjoy. 
good We do not expect quality from Resident Evil any longer. We expect our brains to be expunged of common sense and pumped full of endorphins wearing fetish costumes. 
terrible If they ran these scenes at normal speed, would 95 dreary minutes become a much more expedient 20 to 25? 
very_bad The horror sequel equivalent of a "clip show" episode of Friends. 
bad As far as a Paul W.S. Anderson 'Resident Evil' goes, ['Retribution' is] a mind-melting popcorn film gelled with insane amounts of action-packed eye-candy. 
very_bad Proves without a shadow of a doubt that this franchise is just jerking viewers around as it paces in circles. At some point, even Alice is going to have to admit that she's been wasting her time. 
very_bad Like an established pizza chain, director Anderson is in thrall to a guarantee: all relationships, of any significance, will be established in three seconds or less. 
terrible Lacks inventiveness in any single fibre of its being - and worse, it's dull. 
bad The movie is convoluted, of course, but it is also slick, savage and thrilling. 
very_bad It's all the same blah-blah carnage as the first four flicks, with 3D effects hurling blood, blades and body parts into the audience amid a non-stop barrage of gunfire and explosions. 
good Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades. 
good Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him 
very_good An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning. 
best And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green. 
very_good Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray] 
good At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions. 
best A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale. 
good An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining. 
good Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars. 
good Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history. 
best Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties. 
good At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy. 
best Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema. 
very_good It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence. 
very_bad Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself. 
best Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S. 
good More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling. 
terrible ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work... 
best Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other. 
fair I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies. 
bad Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity. 
bad Light but consistently entertaining ensemble comedy. Dean Cain is a riot. 
bad An amalgamation of dozens of old television sitcoms. 
terrible Boring fight movie. Wayne Newton is okay, but nothing exciting here. 
very_bad A major studio actually backed this sequel? 
terrible Even as far as this style of junk goes ... "Best of the Best 2" is pretty darn bad. 
very_bad Goofy enough to be enjoyed on its own merits, but the "MST3k" version is pure gold. 
terrible The sugary cuteness of the Little Ponies masks a corporate greed as cold and sharp as a razor blade. 
bad The story is treacly sweet, told in a simplistic animation style that has lamentably become an industry standard. 
terrible The little ponies are like those pastel heart candies that have little messages on them such as ''I luv you.'' You can eat a few, but too many make you sick. 
terrible Girls Against Boys is a pro-female exploitation flick that completely misses the mark on being pro-female, exploitation, and most importantly, a good movie. 
very_good ...a seriously off-the-wall little movie that offers more entertainment value than most efforts of this ilk... 
fair There's more going on beneath the surface here than just another "angry women act out" horror story. 
very_bad When it comes to "Girls Against Boys," it's a draw - everyone loses. 
terrible In "Girls Against Boys" both sides lose. 
terrible A dumb, dreary, let's-get-back-at-them slasher in which pulverized genitals pass for feminist critique. 
terrible Panabaker and LaLiberte give their all, but the movie is all moral compass and mainstream emotion, and never as edgy or transgressive as it thinks it is. 
very_bad Writer-director Austin Chick throws in echoes of Abel Ferrara's feminist grindhouse classic Ms. 45, but the provocation feels hollow and the stylish direction-filled with pensive slo-mo-just slows things down. 
bad There's nothing cool or sexy or thrilling about this lame attempt at a revenge thriller that deserves any attention beyond the DVD bin. 
terrible Essentially a horror movie in which the source of the horror shifts from capital-M men to crazed lesbianism. 
fair Presented in an endearingly straightforward fashion and features a handful of performances that manage to elevate the familiarity into something capably entertaining. 
bad Creaky, old-hat, and forgettable. 
very_bad Erratic effort by master Hitchcock. 
bad Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough! 
bad ...a meditative response to unthinkable violence. 
bad As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes, 'Insurgent' is average. 
good Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely, a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts. 
very_bad There's not a single frame "wrong" with the movie... but there also isn't anything in the whole of that's even fleetingly entertaining. 
terrible Miraculously, Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed, a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior. 
very_bad Large interior scenes seem designed, propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical---I halfway expected someone to break into a song called "Beyond the Wall." 
very_bad Dauntless, Divergent, Erudite, Abnegation, Factionless, Candor. May I add the audience faction, Ennui? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus, this is it. 
very_bad The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences. 
very_good After the tepid snore that was the last "Hunger Games" installment, "Insurgent" is muscular, brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level. 
bad Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted, with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains, and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments. 
bad Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates, features little in the way of meaningful character development, and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived, contrived developments. 
very_bad For a film about standing out, this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably. 
bad The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping, less violence and especially less fitful dreaming. 
bad Tris and Four never grow as characters, while Winslet's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework. 
bad An angst-riddled, fast-paced sequel - a "Hunger Games" wannabe... 
bad The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more. Thank God for Shailene Woodley though. 
very_bad still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film 
terrible It's all a bit of an unengaging muddle, covered over with concrete grunge, clean white labs, and stagy special effects. 
bad You won't feel like you wasted your money, but you'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on. Like a "Hunger Games" book. 
very_bad Put it this way: At the end of this movie, not one significant character is frozen in carbonite. 
bad The visuals didn't feel realistic enough to engage and overall "Insurgent" is a let down. Unless you're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it's based, I'd wait for cable. 
terrible Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine. 
bad Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series. 
bad Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really, for a mildly entertaining action film, Insurgent could have been much worse. 
bad The dialogue is clunky, and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional. Moreover, it's all so earnest. 
very_bad As a distillation of all that's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction, it could hardly be bettered. 
very_bad It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series, but the gap is now huge. If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful, sharp-toothed canine, Insurgent is more like a slug. 
fair It's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material, knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided, rather than its artistic ones. 
very_good As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut (a holdover from Woodley's role as cancer patient Hazel in "The Fault in Our Stars"), Tris comes into her own as a hero who's both dynamic and sensitive. 
bad Dystopian sequel ups romance factor; still very violent. 
very_bad Ironically teens aren't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic, pathetic, practically pointless movie. 
bad Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge. 
bad It's better than the first one, but I thought the first one kinda stunk, so don't take that statement as too much of a compliment. 
bad Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent's last half-hour, in which the movie goes "lysergic," as on an acid trip. 
bad Much like the last film, the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness. 
fair Unlike Divergent, which required pages of premise-establishing exposition, Insurgent is more purely action-centric, as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees, hopping freight trains, trying to elude capture. 
bad Thankfully there's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga, which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross. 
fair Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes. Wanting to see where Tris goes from here&#151;and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life&#151;is more than enough incentive to keep watching. 
bad [L]et's be clear: This is only slightly better than the last movie, with 'slightly' being the key. 
very_bad Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel. 
bad The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects. 
very_bad This second installment, based on Veronica Roth's series of YA novels, feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014's Divergent, and lacks tension and excitement. 
very_bad When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris, there's a spark. Otherwise, it's a plodding letdown. 
bad It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine, James as her square-jawed beau, Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller (from Whiplash) as the Iago-like Peter. 
bad It's impressive how the likes of Winslet, Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction. 
fair Insurgent has more action than last year's debut film, which was modestly titled just Divergent. Action is what you want in a picture such as this, especially when you don't really have a lot on your mind. 
fair It's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action, angst, and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach, thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises. 
very_bad There's suspension of disbelief and then there's what the Divergent movies require, which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity. 
fair Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes, but overall the film feels cold. Schwentke struggles to decide if "Insurgent" is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice. 
very_bad Maybe you had to read the book? 
very_bad less interesting than exasperating 
bad The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel. But it's less of a chore. 
fair Watch out Katniss, your competition is hard as nails. 
bad A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman. 
bad The performances are fine. Everyone is solid, though they're not asked to do too much. 
bad A trio of screenwriters (Brian Duffield, Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback) whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions. 
very_good Smart, Slick and Superior to its predecessor. 
bad It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations, moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride, free from clunky exposition. 
fair Along the way, Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she'd rather forget. I know how she feels. 
bad Luckily for "Insurgent," Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration. 
terrible Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller, this whole thing would implode into a black hole. 
fair Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt, self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are, by definition, one-dimensional. 
bad "Insurgent" would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning. But they are saved for the end, and they leave the viewer with a feeling of, "Well, that was OK," even though most of it wasn't. 
good If you've seen "Divergent," this builds on it nicely. 
bad Fans of the first will love it. All others need not apply. 
bad Even if you're curious about it, the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical, with action that never feels novel or exciting. 
terrible It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology, building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence. 
very_bad Insurgent does get a few things right along the way, [but] they're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie. 
fair A sharp improvement on the original, this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters... 
bad "Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Tris cries at one point, and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled. 
fair The cast still shines, but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels. 
very_bad It scooped up the right star and it knows it; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness. 
fair Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare. 
good Puts the urgent in Insurgent. 
bad Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise, so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested. Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother. 
bad Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor. Too bad its characters aren't any more interesting. 
fair Insurgent succeeds because it doesn't bother explaining a darn thing. 
bad A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado. 
fair The actors are more or less saving this franchise's bacon. 
bad Of the featured cast, only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode, although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed. 
terrible Practically everyone you're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else. So you might want to take the hint. 
very_bad There's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films. 
very_bad Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum, Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent. 
very_good While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie, I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp. 
bad Trainloads of action abound (literally), but it's essentially generic combat. Punch, point, shoot, kill, get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits. 
fair While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four, it plays as mostly resolved; you don't walk out of the theater thinking, I can't wait til the next one. 
terrible The only uprising that the regressive, repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers, rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors. 
good That's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too. But in "Insurgent," twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters. 
very_bad School is out forever in the Divergent series. And honestly, after all that set up, I don't know that this world is worth saving. 
terrible Woodley, great in "The Spectacular Now" and "The Fault in Our Stars," is a humdrum action star. Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever. 
very_bad The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four (Theo James) is non-existent. 
bad The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging, but it's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating. 
bad The finale, at least, gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA "Hunger Games" formula in the next film. 
very_bad Maybe that's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move [for Woodley]. When you're watching Insurgent, trying to quell the boredom, all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her. 
bad Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise, it just about makes sense, and Woodley sells it with all her conviction. 
very_bad Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke's sequel to lessen bewilderment. 
good A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence. 
very_bad Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth's derivative Young Adult series. 
bad It's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies. Oh, boo hoo, your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task. You know, we all have problems. 
very_bad "I know this doesn't make any sense," breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent's flamboyantly muddled finale, "but you have to trust me." You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that. 
very_bad Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances, the entire movie feels like a simulation, devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes. 
very_bad This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing, but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure. 
very_bad Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity, and it's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving. 
very_good One of the best horror movies of 2002 
good A relentlessly gripping werewolf thriller. One of the best horror films of recent years. 
good One of those 'exception to the rule' horror movies in which a little humour and a lot of effort go a very long way. 
very_bad Pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away. It's fun, but it's a real howler. 
best every once in a while, a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy 
good Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula. 
good ...one of the better horror comedies to hit video store shelves in a while. 
good Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall's intense freight train of a film. 
very_bad I'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind, crippled, Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking. 
bad If you like blood, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though... you will likely enjoy this monster. 
good essentially an exceptionally well-written, well-edited, well-directed, well-acted, bald rip-off of Aliens. 
good One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead. 
bad Truth to tell, if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films, there's nothing here you haven't seen before. 
fair Just about the best straight-up, old-school horror film of the last 15 years. 
good A rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest. 
terrible A grim, flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level. 
bad ...a sporadically compelling yet hopelessly inconsequential piece of work. 
bad To put things into perspective, the campier "Saw" films are all better -- and more clever ... 
bad Comes off as a semi-absurd variant of the horror mystique cheating the potentials of impeccable production values. 
bad Gleefully brimming with body parts and bad behavior, Pathology is a fun piece of flamboyant tastelessness. 
good Even squeamish viewers are apt to be captivated by the tight, credible scripting; these 20-somethings talk and behave like today's irony-clad young sophisticates. And whatever your opinion of the subject matter, you can't fault the filmmaking. 
bad Not exactly a great movie, but it's sick, slick, and strange enough to warrant a 90-minute look. 
terrible This is the film that should have been called "Coma" 
bad Slickly made but utterly gratuitous, this wannabe-edgy thriller was an odd choice for Ventimiglia to make during his first Heroes hiatus. 
fair If you are a hardcore fan of films like FLATLINERS, I guarantee that you'll dig this flick... PATHOLOGY is really a gem that doesn't deserve to be overlooked. 
fair One of the more effective and chilling thrillers released this year. 
bad Medical thriller mixes extreme violence, sex. 
bad The sumptuous visuals make it eminently watchable. 
fair With a surface like a trashy novel and the undercurrents of a social satire, Ozon's British period drama is a slightly odd mix, feeling both arch and astute at the same time. 
very_bad Francois Ozon is a Gallic Michael Winterbottom, if not in style then at least in his determination to do something different every time. As with Winterbottom, sometimes the result is great and sometimes not. 
bad The French director Francois Ozon has taken Elizabeth Taylor's beadily satiric novel and transformed it into a droll and somewhat disturbing fantasia on the creative temperament. 
terrible How director Francois Ozon received a Golden Berlin Bear nomination for this shoddy movie, The Sneak will never know. 
very_bad A less than heavenly time is guaranteed for anyone who parts with their hard-earned to watch this formulaic period film. 
bad Like Ozon's 8 Women, the costumes are magnificent and Angel's mansion is a shrine to the gods of bad taste. All that's missing is a heroine worthy of Bette Davis in her heyday. 
terrible But this really is a failure - an honourable failure, arguably, but a failure, and a pretty complete one at that. 
bad The film bristles with contemporary subtext and takes swipes at mediocre artists who believe their own press, and the culture of celebrity. 
very_bad Despite an impressive cast and a well-known director, this misfiring costume drama is a haphazard mess that ends up more unintentionally funny than emotionally engaging. 
bad Ozon's film plays a difficult hand, never settling for all-out high kitsch or straight melodrama. One of the year's most charming failures. 
very_bad Garai is great, but Ozon is about as adept at directing Brits as Woody Allen. Mind you, the set and costumes are glorious: this is one expensive folly. 
bad Angel is both a sly take on the melodramatic films of another era -- imagine sets and scenery out of The Magnificent Ambersons, for example -- and a spoof of contemporary celebrity, among other things. 
bad [Ozon is] too tony now for the vaguely subversive pastiches with which he made his mark. 
bad The parts are ultimately greater than the whole in the case of Good Luck Chuck, with the overall chemistry between Cook and Alba proving more memorable than any particular joke or sequence. You may mildly enjoy Chuck as you're watching it, but the film wi 
fair Sporting an excellent performance by a very promising young actress, this is a film that forces you to pay attention. More than that, it's fulfills the first requirement of any good movie: it's one you'll want to watch again. 
very_good Jekyll's tragedy in this unique Stevenson revamp is that he doesn't understand that much of humanity already lives a Jekyll-and-Hyde existence -- including his unfaithful bride, who is a 'perfect wife' by day and a 'perfect mistress' by night. 
fair When you think 'Polish sightseeing destination,' Auschwitz probably isn't the first place that comes to mind. 
terrible In the hands of the director Vadim Perelman, it becomes a jumble of dramatic scenes and disorientating flashbacks that merge into a confusing, stream-of-consciousness narrative, and the twist, when it comes, is a complete cheat. 
bad A thoughtful, if sentimental, semi-successful attempt to craft a drama about life and choice around the difficult subject matter of a school shooting. 
bad The movie's relentless dream-like quality could induce slack-jawed wonder...or chronic narcolepsy depending how receptive the viewer is to non-linear narrative and super-stylised flights of fancy. 
bad A touching tale from director Vadim Perelman with a surprise ending that leaves you plenty to ponder. 
very_bad A sudsy potboiler with a twist you can see coming from the title. 
very_bad Part Elephant, part Jacob's Ladder, moments of bruising power are dulled by overwrought symbolism and a baffling wrap-up. 
terrible Ambition and accomplishment are aeons apart in this would-be meaningful drama. 
terrible Surely the point of a "twist" is that it should slot into the plot with a satisfying click, not that it should invalidate 50 per cent of what came before it? 
very_bad Vadim Perelman's drama is both tasteful and tedious. With its honeyed visuals, affluent air and coy portents of disaster, it's like an advert for private health care played out on an endless loop. 
very_bad The film's dogged repetition of its pivotal scene has to go somewhere, but it's enslaved to a narrative conceit even M Night Shyamalan might find a trifle gimmicky. 
bad Absorbing. 
very_bad Flitting back and forth in time, it's too confusing to entertain, while Wood and Thurman look nothing like one another, making for a disjointed and often dire experience. 
terrible Poorly conceived, badly written and ultimately ridiculous drama with a jaw-droppingly crass twist ending that backfires horribly. 
terrible The ending is as baffling as anything preceding it - giving rise to a genre conflict situation. 
very_bad THE LIFE BEFORE HER EYES starts off as superficial, sentimental trite, then turns into an incoherent journey into God knows what. 
terrible baboyriarika poiitiko aytohaidema toy Perelman meta to House of Sand and Fog (2003), ayti ti fora dipla aforito, horis ena kapoio stori na krybetai kato ap' toys koyfioys loystrarismenoys symbolismoys toy 
fair The surprises Perelman has for you along the way will blow your mind and have you talking hours after you leave the theater. 
very_good It's an underrated, and horrific little dramatic thriller that twists the noose at every turn... 
very_bad Disturbing school-shooting drama is a puzzler. 
good ...slowly builds an emotional power that takes us by surprise... 
very_good Just ignore the critics -- in this case, we don't know what we're talking about. 
good Studio movies rarely depict Christians as fallible, thoughtful people who've been strengthened by faith but don't take it for granted. 
very_bad The twist is exactly what you think it is, and it pretty much invalidates any emotional investment you can work up before it arrives. 
good (The Life Before Her Eyes) is one of those films that you will walk out of just feeling very shaken up and disturbed. 
terrible That the ending doesn't play fair with the audience is a misdemeanor; the felony is that the filmmakers don't seem to realize what an ugly moral statement they're making with it. 
bad A 'Carnival of Souls' for Mitch Albom readers... 
good ... not so much a bad movie as an infuriating one, a pretty empty thing that wants desperately to be loved for its deep thoughts. 
very_bad [J]ust when you think you're getting an interesting movie about women and their travails and triumphs, the whiffs of a Shocking! Twist! Ending! begin to appear." 
bad And then, THUD. Like an Acme anvil, the ending smashes everything to smithereens and you're left as discouraged as Wile E. Coyote. 
terrible Full of fussed-over significant images and delicately planned interlocking narrative motives, and it's about as subtle and clever as somebody clubbing you over the head with a folding chair 
bad What you get, in the end, is a pair of fine performances (from Thurman and Wood) and a technically well-made film that arrives at a foregone conclusion. 
best Thoroughly thought through and photographed with imagination and psychological penetration, it's the product of a very shrewd directorial hand. 
terrible The Life Before Her Eyes might offer a fresh perspective on aborted dreams, but its insights are buried under stale, inflated moviemaking. 
terrible Perelman eases the transitions between the past and the present with echoing phrases and situations, but they all seem rather pat and contrived. 
terrible If The Life Before Her Eyes has a message, it is that life is too short to squander on foolhardy meaninglessness. Take the film's advice. Stay away. 
bad Director Vadim Perelman fetishizes the threat of violence with his caressing camera. 
fair There are two very fine performances here -- Wood's and Amurri's -- but they're not strong enough to rise above the metaphor-laden script. 
bad It's too clever by half, too facile in its use of sensationalist headline material, too far-fetched in its psychological fancy. 
bad It's sad to see such subtle, wrenchingly emotional work expended on such trifling material. 
fair What began as tragedy ends as mere sleight -- and turns a trusting audience into dupes. 
terrible An overwrought and patently offensive anti-abortion drama from the director of the accomplished House of Sand and Fog. Director Vadim Perelman doesn't play fair. 
terrible What this heavy-handed film mainly has to endure is a clunky story structure and an ending that wasn't original when it was seen four decades ago on The Twilight Zone. 
terrible [Director] Perelman applies a rigorous visual beauty to this thin gimmick of a movie. 
very_bad What this film knows about grief, you could put in a haiku. (It'd read: "Death sucks, like really/Nothing else matters, ever/Therapy-what's that?") 
very_bad As it plods along decorously, you have the sense of reading a poetic essay in which every image and metaphor is hammered too neatly in place. 
very_bad tasteful, overwrought direction at its finest. 
good Paints a compelling and thought-provoking picture of not only school violence, but violence in general, and the trickle-down effect that a single moment in time can have on one's whole future. 
very_bad The final twist ... only proves that the rest of the movie wasn't so confusing and irritating by accident -- it was designed that way. 
good Director Vadim Perelman blends two powerful performances into a seamless whole, giving equal time to the dreamy sensuality of adolescence and the crushing weight of adulthood. 
good Technically, the movie is impressive. 
terrible Building up to what's supposed to be a serious moral dilemma, the noisy final act borders on incoherence. 
good Gorgeous, haunting and thought-provoking ... a solid sophomore effort from Perelman despite its potentially frustrating pace. 
fair Audiences used to having everything spelled out for them may find the film too much work, but there are, I hope and believe, many people who appreciate and enjoy unraveling the mysteries of a poem or painting for themselves. 
bad Involvement is less than it might have been as sympathy gets nicked away by the effort to resolve the associations and meanings. The search for the "ah hah!" moment is exhausting. 
good ...an intricately-plotted and richly conceived drama... 
good Szabo's film - co-written with Andrea Veszits - is concerned with the way in which, after a major switch in a political system, there is a period in which it takes people time to find their voices. 
bad ...a predictable and almost distractingly one-note Lifetime drama that seems to have been geared exclusively towards the lowest common denominator... 
bad Not anywhere as good as it should be. 
very_bad Improbable re-enactment of an investigation into long-ago outbreak of hate crimes. 
good Well-acted, compelling, good script. Good message. 
bad Hackman delivers some of the best work of his career. And this guy's been doing it for 30 years. 
best "Mississippi Burning" feels like a movie made from the inside out, a movie that knows the ways and people of its small Southern city so intimately that, having seen it, I know the place I'd go for a cup of coffee and the place I'd steer clear from. 
fair The well of surprise is all but parched in the post-Tarantino seriocomic crime caper genre. 
terrible More Tom and Jerry than Thelma and Louise. 
good Engaging and successful for fans of the genre 
bad Too much style and not enough of anything else. 
bad The dialogue is banal and the characters are irritatingly dumb. 
bad Full of sharp ideas but undermined by blunt-headed characters and logistical loopholes. 
good Why should boys have all the fun in the movies? 
good For all of us bad little boys and girls. 
very_bad A movie about two of the most loathsome women in recent cinema, and the movie thinks the male characters are the villains. 
good The women operate at different speeds, contrast well and make a likable duo. 
terrible The results are odious. 
bad At least nobody could accuse the director Bill Eagles or his writer Simon Donald of mealy-mouthed timidity. 
good ...an entertaining and darkly clever little British crime film, giving the spotlight to the girlfriends of the hoods instead 
bad Would be more appealing if the women's behavior weren't alternately moronic and venal. 
terrible Loathsome as any mindless, blood-drenched Hollywood action-adventure yarn. 
very_bad 0.6 
very_bad Barthes' film succeeds in depicting a woman in 19th century France for whom "life is a disappointment", but fails to explore why she might behave differently from countless other people with the same lament. 
bad The first half is shot almost like a horror, all oppressive rumbling clouds and lashing of mist and shot of her back, suffocating corset laced up like a spine. 
fair One need not be a Cameron acolyte to recognise that The Abyss has aged better than some of the films that outshone it back in the day. 
fair What ultimately saves the film are its extraordinary sets and phenomenal Oscar-winning visual effects. 
bad The attempt to extract the essences of several genres (cold-war submarine thriller, love story, Disney fantasy, pseudomystical SF in the Spielberg mode) and mix them together ultimately leads to giddy incoherence. 
good Great blending of spectacle and drama. 
best Forget Titanic this is Cameron's best underwater flick 
best What was once a well-made, well-acted mess is now a very poignant and satisfying sci-fi adventure. 
best A gorgeous and fascinating underwater adventure. 
bad A remarkable film...the vfx are super! 
good For God's sake, make sure you have the director's cut. The theatrical cut was an abomination. 
best Brilliant at sustaining tension and interest. 
bad Suffers due to its incredible length and slow pace, but intriguing, nonetheless. 
good A classic. 
good ...the undersea adventure may have you waterlogged after the first hour. 
good The film lasts for more than two hours, yet the audience could hardly expect to be bored. 
best a rare film--big-budget Hollywood entertainment on a grand scale that is able to seamlessly incorporate many levels of meaning into an entertaining experience. 
good One of the best science fiction film ever made. This remains true in spite of a rather superficial treatment of the some of the science fiction elements. It is very much a 2001 with the slowish parts replaced by a good fast-paced adventure film. 
very_good A finely crafted film. 
fair If the 1989 cut is a thrill ride, then the 1993 revamp is a frequently wrenching emotional roller coaster. 
good Apesar do foco excessivo nos dialogos ainda denunciar suas origens teatrais, o filme faz bom uso de flashbacks e conta com a interacao perfeita entre Sellers e Attenborough. 
good Don Jon is no kind of resonating masterpiece, but it's intelligent, thoughtful, funny, and dedicated to the cause of finding a personality and sticking with him through the excess of his addictions. 
very_bad Wondering what exactly is revealed as a cure to Don Jon's addiction? Why, good sex, of course! Thanks, geniuses! 
bad Gordon-Levitt is on top form, as is Johansson as the type of girl who only takes her gum out to eat. 
good The messages of the film are stark and genuine, much more so than one might expect having seen the promotional material. 
good A thoughtful, original and provocative feature-length directorial debut from Joseph Gordon-Levitt. 
fair It gets harder and harder to support this passion for porn. 
bad The entire movie seems to recalibrate and rebalance itself around [Moore], shifting convincingly into something more than a surface-heavy evocation of sterile on-screen onanism. 
bad Alas, I didn't buy a word of it. 
good The end is satisfaction enough to justify the initially explicit means. 
good This certainly won't find a mainstream audience but it is fresh, well executed and entertaining. 
bad Despite a contrived and sentimental ending, this is an entertaining riff on men and fantasy. 
bad Starts mischievous and moves into maudlin. 
good With this writing-directing debut, Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers a remarkably assured comedy-drama while also giving himself a role that's far against his usual type. 
bad A minor triumph that manages to raise some big laughs while delivering a thought-provoking message. 
very_bad A superbly acted and sporadically amusing character study, but it's let down by an overly repetitive script, painfully underwritten female characters and a lack of chemistry between Gordon-Levitt, Johansson and Moore. 
bad In a bravura performance, Gordon-Levitt sleazily revels in the role of bad boy...but it's a character undistinguished by light or shade and becomes wearing, a sex drive that ends up a cul-de-sac. 
very_bad These are caricatures rather than characters, and neither Levitt nor Moore ever quite lock step with the film's snappy sitcom tone. 
very_bad The naff accents and exaggerated mannerisms become very tiring over 90 minutes. 
very_bad The work of a young director reaching to impress without having fully formed ideas ... 
good As a director, Gordon-Levitt demonstrates considerable technical flair through stylistic flourishes and coaxes great performances out of his co-stars. 
good Smart, witty and more than a little melancholy, Don Jon is a fist-pumping success. 
bad Though Don Jon succeeds in being funny at every turn, it is less successful in being a movie with something important to say. 
good a fascinating and often compelling film, and a clear sign that Gordon-Levitt is a filmmaker of note whose future is bright if he continues to not play it safe 
fair Don Jon is a solid debut, but my guess is that Joseph Gordon-Levitt will have some more exciting cinematic adventures for us as his career behind the camera continues 
bad Gordon-Levitt shows promise as a director and his debut has bags of cinematic swagger. 
good Don Jon is a terrific directorial debut from Gordon-Levitt - funny, moving and with something to say about family and relationships. 
bad Joseph Gordon-Levitt has not yet reached the "star" level where he can carry a movie. 
fair A film with tense, ironic energy in the way that scenes flow and shots collide, but in a way that feels a bit overfamiliar and safe. 
very_good Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an assured debut as a writer-director with Don Jon, a cultural critique of the expectations placed on relationships in an environment saturated with media misrepresentations of both women and men. 
bad JGL. DTF. Sorta. 
good Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns the gym-tan-laundry routine into an art form with Don Jon, his vibrant and viciously profane directorial debut. 
very_good Joseph Gordon-Levitt has teetered on being the Next Big Thing. He's finally there with 'Don Jon,' a grownups-only movie about addiction and compulsion in which he stars. He also wrote and directed this movie about a man's obsession with pornography. 
bad It's difficult to rate a movie that doesn't really start until its last half hour. 
good An impressive debut as writer/director/star. 
fair Don Jon has attitude, conveyed as much through the solid performances as it is through the director's unflinching approach to some complicated subjects. 
good I find it a film that's much easier to admire than actually like. 
fair The fact that one can think of a movie about a guy hooked on porn as charming is high praise. 
fair Technology has enabled this Don to do what the original Don Juan may have ultimately wanted: to be pleasured alone, giving nothing of himself. 
good A romantic comedy with edge. Joseph Gordon Levitt makes an impressive writing and directing debut. Scarlett Johansson is terrific. 
good Gordon-Levitt has delivered a lively, timely, and decidedly adult look at love and sex that is both uncommonly mature for a first-time director and very fresh. 
very_good It's Julianne Moore's character who most allows Don Jon to upgrade from being a humorous and perceptive movie about naughty Internet connections into a heartfelt and perceptive movie about necessary human connections. 
terrible Filled with frank conversation and gutter language, mysogynistic with misandry thrown in, it's probably not possible to make a tasteful movie about a subject as distasteful as masturbation, but this movie doesn't even try. 
fair Offbeat, frank and often surprising gem. 
fair Don Jon is like watching a far more well behaved Jersey Show. It takes the same beats presented on that awful reality show and polishes them for a more compelling and complex experience. 
very_bad When you look past Don Jon as Gordon-Levitt's movie cotillion, it's a painfully superficial and paint-by-numbers story that offers very little character development. 
very_good A perceptive and often funny story with a refreshingly mature attitude about sex. 
good Don Jon" is obnoxiously funny, effortlessly identifiable, unusually tender, obscenely amusing, and an enjoyable R-rated comedy that is sure to captivate both sexes. 
fair From 'Pillow Talk' to pornography in three generations! Sleazy yet seductive, Joseph Gordon-Levitt cleverly distinguishes the different between lust and love. 
good [Moore is] touching, Johansson is wonderfully awful and Gordon-Levitt is electric, making it easy to forgive the movie its meannesses. 
good Funny, witty, honest and eventually heartfelt, without having to pander to saccharine fantasies or gross-out raunch humor that have become mainstays of rom-com cinema. 
fair "Don Jon" proves that Joseph Gordon-Levitt is one of the best and most versatile actors working today, and shows promise for a future behind the camera as well. 
bad If "Don Jon" feels like a film that is spread too thin amongst multiple genres, it only goes to hint that Gordon-Levitt might be as talented behind the camera as he is in front. 
very_good This is the kind of American movie that comes along far too rarely. It's funny and entertaining, but it remembers who we are as human beings, does not shy away from our many flaws, and finds something endearing in all of it. 
good Never before has Gordon-Levitt disappeared into character as he does here. 
fair Brave, bold and bone rattling, Gordon-Levitt's Don Jon makes for a bumpy -- but undeniably satisfying -- cinematic ride to the dark side, and back. 
very_good Gordon-Levitt's roots in culture go deep; he chalked up his first TV credit at age seven, and he was already a seasoned performer when 3rd Rock from the Sun came along in 1996. With Don Jon, he proves just as adept behind the camera. 
best Don Jon deals quite beautifully with the idea that real love can often be distinct from other phenomena that are commonly mistaken for love -- like the narcissistic desire to be loved. 
bad Although the film's character portraits are vividly drawn, they remain largely one-dimensional. 
good Joseph Gordon-Levitt's porn addiction topic may not be for everyone. However, it's a great first movie from a terrific young actor and now writer and director. 
bad [T]he movie has no clear idea who this man is. 
fair Don Jon humanizes the Jersey Shore type by burying itself beneath the muscles and hair gel with a story about learning how to connect with another human being. 
very_bad Hearing the star of "Who's the Boss?" drop about 500 f-bombs is one of the film's few pleasures. 
good Really, "Don Jon" could have - should have - gone on another 20 minutes. Then again, when was the last time you felt that about a romantic comedy? Or any movie? 
very_bad Funny at times and touches on some interesting issues. But the Jersey caricature is so embarrassing that it ultimately sinks the film. 
good The movie has a keen understanding of how easily we can hurt other people by not considering them. 
good Who would have thought one of the most amusing and oddly insightful romantic comedies would be built around the power and the potent pull of porn? 
good Irreverent romcom about porn is insightful but very graphic. 
very_good GTL comparisons aside, Jon's sublime journey extends well past the shenanigans along The Jersey Shore's old boardwalk. 
fair Much like my high school geometry homework, Gordon-Levitt gets the answer right but he fails to show his work. 
good "Don Jon" is bold and clever. Very sophisticated and mature in the way it showcases the sexuality of men and women. 
best Don Jon is a most unconventional romantic comedy. What's not so obvious is it's also one of the most relevant romantic comedies you'll ever see. 
good By treating Jon with sympathy but without sentimentality, Gordon-Levitt has given us a daring portrait of modern masculinity. 
good The sophisticated outrageous adult comedy we've been waiting for all year. It's smart, funny and has a charming message while hinting at Joseph Gordon-Levitt's seemingly limitless potential. 
good Gordon-Levitt enlivens Don Jon with such a sense of swagger, as a director, writer and actor, that the film feels fresh. 
good Unexpectedly bold and finally endearing, an impressive first directorial effort from a performer who has clearly learned a lot from being on television and movie sets all his life. Gordon-Levitt is the undeniable real deal. 
good Don Jon is a bold, sexy, and completely original comedy that proves Gordon-Levitt can do pretty much anything he sets a mind to. 
good Johansson walks away from Don Jon with one her best performances to date. 
fair It's never boring, but the film plays like a thesis on the modern condition more than a genuine depiction of a romantic relationship. 
fair [A] deceptively sincere movie about masculinity and its discontents that Mr. Gordon-Levitt, making a fine feature directing debut, shapes into a story about a young man's moral education. 
bad By the time Jon learns that "you have to lose yourself in another person" (a nice turn of phrase), it's too late for us to lose ourselves in the movie. "Don Jon" is already gone. 
good Writer/director/star Joseph Gordon-Levitt takes an intriguing subject - human attraction - and nimbly probes it with wit, insight and a disarming forthrightness. 
good R-rating aside, it should be required viewing for every 15-year-old boy on the planet. 
very_good Rarely has a film offered such raw and honest talk -- with visuals, too -- about male sexuality. 
good The film manages to be extremely efficient, conveying its points, making the audience laugh, getting viewers invested and even breaking our hearts in just 90 minutes. 
good Joseph Gordon-Levitt's writing/directing/starring debut is like its diamond-in-the-rough title character. It shows a lot of unrealized potential, with enough charm to ease you past its shortcomings. 
fair It's amusing but not especially insightful. 
good "Don Jon" deserves praise for wearing its message lightly and yet for daring to present such a lecture in today's Internet-drenched environment. 
good Writer-director-star Joseph Gordon-Levitt is so savvy about the workings of our small minds that he knows just how to reel us in (sex) before schooling us on the important things in life (love). 
fair [Gordon-Levitt's] skills as an actor, and those of co-stars Scarlett Johansson and Julianne Moore, keep us watching, even as public-place modesty makes us want to look away. 
good One of the most adventurous actors of his generation, Gordon-Levitt has a good sense of just how graphically he can depict Jon's addiction and maintain the sympathy of both men and women. 
good Not exactly an original idea. But Gordon-Levitt goes at it with gusto, and style. Give the guy some props. 
good In the end, "Don Jon" offers the promise of progress without pat answers. It also offers the promise of the future work of an undeniably talented actor-turned-director. 
fair The result is a bit confused but shows a genuine talent at work. 
very_good Gordon-Levitt is no slouch when it comes to taking risks as a filmmaker. I can't wait to see what he does next. 
good A sharp turn on the romantic comedy, a movie about flawed people doing flawed things, often in funny fashion. 
fair [Although] Gordon-Levitt says a little bit about a lot of things,...Don Jon is a continuously entertaining and fitfully provocative first-time effort. 
good It's a dark comedy about matters of the heart, and how far some people go to take their minds off such matters. 
good Gordon-Levitt demonstrates he is a filmmaker with promise who blends a good ear for dialogue with fine pacing and an eye for making a good-looking picture. 
very_good Don Jon [is] a bruisingly funny, bracingly smart comic dare that marks a stellar feature directing and writing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who plays Jon with humor, heat and sneaky heart. 
good The strange spiritual journey of a young porno addict who shifts his perspective and is set on a different path. 
bad The sound of one hand clasping. 
very_bad The final moments hint at beauty and grace in Jon's new relationship, but for the movie, it's already too late. 
good Don Jon is visually interesting without being overbearing. The script finds a witty way to confront serious issues. And Levitt-Gordon takes on the personality of a guy straight out of Jersey Shore. 
fair It's somewhat hypocritical that the movie has it in for romcoms, but what are you gonna do? 
bad For a first time feature filmmaker, this is a brave attempt to examine the cliches of a modern romance. 
good ''Don Jon'' is a lark, but an enjoyable one with a full-hearted finale, and it further reveals the considerable talents of Gordon-Levitt. 
bad [Gordon-Levitt] can act, and there's a possibility he can also direct, but there's no evidence in Don Jon that he can do both at the same time. 
good "Don Jon" is hardly as slick as its main character fancies himself, and that's OK. After all, as Gordon-Levitt's movie takes great pains to illustrate, what we constitute as perfection often proves to be a deceptive illusion. 
very_bad Merely ends up trading one beefcake delusion for another. 
good Not a great movie, but a filthy-funny, sweet and smart one with a third act punch that will take your breath away. 
fair Unconventional in the best ways, Don Jon is a charmingly smutty story about a man, his porn, and a much deeper struggle within. 
very_bad Joseph Gordon-Levitt's directorial debut, Don Jon, does for porn-dependence what Shame did for sex addiction by offering a surface-level look at the effects of its specific pathology on its lead male character. 
fair ...propulsive and thoroughly watchable... 
very_good A truly original character piece, hilariously funny and poignant, with enough humor and heart that more people will be able to relate to the characters than they'll care to admit. 
good A bold choice 
bad Don Jon's Addiction is a fun, occasionally flabby romp that should find its audience. 
bad Cute talking animal movie has some scary moments. 
good Chase, Hawn and Grodin give it their all in Neil Simon's Seems Like Old Times 
bad Mildy amusing with Chevy and Goldie in their prime. 
bad Mildly diverting romantic comedy that plays like a sitcom. 
fair ...it's got a gentle charisma that's hard to resist....a film with little substance but loads of charm. 
bad There's more than a whiff of Festen and Altman in first-time director Christopher James's frantic, enjoyably overstuffed funeral drama. 
very_bad Self-aware but self-regarding indie navel gazing; no cause for celebration. 
very_bad If you're a fan of jaundiced views of Hollywood or unedifying portraits of dysfunctional families, look no further. 
good Despite the dark tone, the likeably unlikeable ensemble cast is uniformly excellent, and there are some real laughs to be had. 
very_good Jaymes and his castmates nail the characters and the dialogue 
very_good There is not a false emotion running through In Memory Of My Father. It maintains a screwball sense of absurdity but paces itself to allow the humanism to shine through. 
good Excellent to watch and discuss as a family. 
bad The movie's story is a sometimes clumsy but gradually involving coming-of-age story about courage, sexism, past customs vs. contemporary social values and a community and family at odds within themselves. 
very_good "Whale Rider" is a mystical, gentle movie that goes beyond the boundaries of the usual coming-of-age film. 
very_bad I can honestly say that there is not a single plot point or character arc depicted here that I have not seen a thousand times before. 
fair I was captivated and had intermittent tears in my eyes throughout this touching tale, although I would have ended it differently. 
best Encapsulates the grace and beauty of international cinema. 
very_good The key to "Whale Rider's" appeal is that the film doesn't force an opinion upon its viewers 
very_good 'Niki Caro's striking visual images match her elegant, understated prose creating an uplifting story.' 
good Like a breath of fresh South Pacific air, director Caro combines classic themes with a little-seen cultural perspective to come up with an uplifting crowd-pleaser. 
bad Simpatico e bem-humorado, o filme e imensamente beneficiado pela brilhante atuacao de sua jovem protagonista, Keisha Castle-Hughes. 
bad Caro seems less concerned with evoking the economic or socio-political baggage bringing the film's characters down than she is with telling the same sappy tale of patriarchal perseverance we've seen so many times before. 
terrible There's nothing wrong with a formula film per se, but when it's done as shallowly as here, I feel insulted. 
fair More rich and substantive than "Bend It Like Beckham." 
good The first 2/3rds are artfully, soulfully crafted with heart, family, tradition and real humor. 
best A wonderful, uplifting film about the healing power of communal growth and adaptation. 
best It's a subtle film with tracings of an art-house quality but-perhaps because the film is examining the old Maori legend-it becomes the perfect allegory for a young audience. 
best What can revitalize a broken spirit? The answer lies in the film's lyrical finale, which is dazzlingly staged, and in the exquisite, irresistible 13-year-old Castle-Hughes, whose natural, unfussy performance is something to treasure. 
good It's a pretty obvious triumph-over-the-odds story -- a Maori Karate Kid at a deliberate pace -- but Hughes is terrific. 
very_good An emotionally potent combination of somber reality and soaring mythology, Whale Rider pulls at you with the power of both elements in a story that is freshly identifiable. 
bad Beautifully shot, well-acted but still slightly disappointing drama, less the fault of the actors than of their scripted characters. 
good Wonderful New Zealand film about a Maori girl's battle to fulfil her destiny. 
fair The spectacular New Zealand setting makes the perfect backdrop for the movie's blend of realism and fantasy. 
best A truly inspiring film. 
best Heartwarming and uplifting. 
good A worthy film (probably more so for young viewers), and one with a brilliant, deeply interfused sense of place; yet it only fitfully engaged me on a dramatic level. 
best Whale Rider is, in a word: Nourishment. 
good There is a mythic quality to the story. 
very_bad An excellent first performance can't balance naive writing and direction 
good Every bit as bold and uplifting as its title suggests. 
very_good Beautiful Keisha Castle-Hughes is a spunky young charmer with a gravity reminiscent of Anna Paquin. 
good Stripped of its exotic cultural context and New Zealand setting, it wouldn't differ much from an inspirational TV movie... 
good Though Whale Rider moves at a snails pace, it generally remains interesting mostly because we're seeing a culture that's so different from our own. 
very_good Poignant, intelligent, courageous and informative, Caro's lyrical exposition dares to take on the imagination of children and their adult counterparts and whisk them away in a somber storytelling mood that's culturally compelling. 
good A pitch-perfect example of how to craft a personally resonant film that speaks to all cultures at all times. 
very_good If you know a smart, spirited 12-year-old girl, take her to Whale Rider. Come to think of it, take everyone you know. 
bad [The story] is so simple that the audience gets ahead of it from the beginning. 
good The movie is more satisfying as myth than narrative. 
bad The film is closer to a feminist tract. And, like all propaganda, it wants to do all of your thinking for you. 
fair A story that J.K. Rowling fans young and old will savor. 
good For a better look at the sexism behind ancestral traditions, try Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's masterpiece The Circle. But this easier-to-take film has an intoxication all its own. 
good There is magic here, enough to make Whale Rider worthy of the audience-choice awards it has earned at film festivals worldwide. 
good A whopping good yarn. 
very_good Whale Rider is one of those book-me -a-ticket yesterday movies. 
very_good Whale Rider is one of those tales with such universal appeal that you can practically see Hollywood executives rubbing their hands together as they prepare to remake it -- and mess it up royally. 
very_good A delightful surprise. A wonderful and stirring crowd-pleaser. 
very_good Caro manages the neat trick of making a movie universal in its emotions and unique in its setting. 
bad Refuses to get its toes wet, instead retreating into goody-goody fantasy. 
fair It's best that we don't consider what might become of Pai if this poor, unloved girl didn't happen to be the chosen one. 
very_good The most magical film since Amelie, and it's the greatest fable since The Secret of Roan Inish. 
fair It's an engaging, well told and moving tale. 
fair Castle-Hughes ... combines tribal pride and modern feminism, with gentle strength and the 'natural' talent some children possess. 
very_good Features one of the finest child performances in years. 
good At its transporting best, Whale Rider seesaws between archetype and innocence -- it's a re-founding myth that happens in real time, before an audience's wondering eyes. 
very_good Has the feel of a great and rare children's movie. 
best The genius of the movie is the way is sidesteps all of the obvious cliches of the underlying story and makes itself fresh, observant, tough and genuinely moving. 
very_good It's spiritual, inspiring and features a child character of extraordinary grace and inner beauty. 
good An enchanting, mystical ending redeems this otherwise familiar story of contemporary society clashing with traditional culture. 
best An epic for the family, one that celebrates the inner strength of girls without becoming strident. 
very_good It rises from the sea on a convulsive wave of emotion but subsides slowly from the heart. 
very_good The rhythms of Whale Rider are hypnotic as the ebb tide, haunting as the song of the humpback sea mammal, bracing as the ocean spray. 
very_good A true crowd-pleaser that never panders to achieve its effects. 
good It's a simple & poetic story of legend a& inevitable change to maintain traditions, but what really makes the film worth seeing is Keisha Castle-Hughes. 
fair [Keisha Castle-Hughes] makes believable a character that, frankly, was written to be flawless. 
best Pai's unflagging spirit in the face of staggering personal hardship (and infuriating chauvinism) resonates with eloquent inspiration. 
good It's a film about gender empowerment in which the struggle between the sexes isn't reduced to crude stereotypes, and the lessons learned come honestly and with a sense of genuine revelation. 
very_good A lyrical coming-of-age story that casts a potent spell. 
very_good An exquisitely crafted and enchanting film that tiptoes gently between stark family drama and magic realism. 
good Visually enchanting, Whale Rider is an engrossing story brought to life through very strong performances. 
good In one of this year's most memorable performances, wonderfully likable newcomer Keisha Castle-Hughes dazzles the screen. 
good Despite their age difference -- one so venerable, the other so callow -- [Paratene and Castle-Hughes] both exude an intrinsic majesty that the camera adores. 
good Pai is resourceful and in harmony with the natural world in a way that will charm and enthrall young viewers. 
good This correct-thinking audience favorite of the film festival circuit manages to work its girl empowerment, indigenous dignity and green mystical themes into a pat but still strongly felt study of family conflict. 
best Whale Rider is made up of one incredible moment after another and Keisha Castle-Hughes has a screen presence that demands your attention. 
good Film-festival favorite mixes family, tradition and modern concerns for a drama that earns the good feeling you leave with. 
good Director Niki Caro has created an alternative piece of family viewing amidst all the wizards and adolescent secret agents out to save the world. 
good A contemporary version of an aboriginal legend from New Zealand that should delight audiences of all ages. 
good Once the picture kicks into gear, it has the inspiring resonance of found art. 
very_good Caro gives the fablesque story -- based on a 1,000-year-old Maori legend -- both a contemporary and timeless quality, anchored by newcomer Castle-Hughes' powerful and haunting performance. 
good What makes Caro's film a future classic is what so many movies geared toward younger audiences lack: a cool and very courageous 'tween heroine whom boys and girls of all ages can admire. 
very_good When the words 'Dedicated to those who came before' appear on screen at the close, you can almost feel all those ancestors joining modern audiences in applauding what has been accomplished here. 
bad A portentous coming-of-age saga that weighs as much as the venerated ocean mammals at its center. 
very_good Castle-Hughes is a star in in the making. She and her movie are worth cheering for. 
best An enchanting, deeply spiritual, and ultimately enthralling New Zealand movie about the struggle of one ardent young Maori girl to fulfill her destiny. 
very_good There is an indescribable power to the film that springs from firelight--what we've lost in modernity as orphans to our collective past. 
good The story itself is richly rewarding and uplifting -- the coming-of-age tale of a girl who must defy the odds to achieve her goals. 
very_bad [It] tries for a somber tone that it can't maintain, partly because the cute protagonist conveys no gravity and partly because it's too frequently going for laughs or stupid melodramatic crises. 
good Niki Caro's brisk direction, the bracing otherness of the coastal New Zealand landscape, and the fantastic performances of a wonderful cast . . . also up the freshness factor here. 
bad . More than a story of a girl rejected because she wasn't born a boy, Whale Rider challenges traditional gender roles in a circle of life drama that begins with a birth and ends with a re-birth. . 
bad Messages aside, time with this little girl and her brethren is well spent. 
good This film is so stunningly beautiful to look at--and such an uplifting story--that you can understand why it has won so many audience awards at festivals all over the world. 
good An exquisite film that sensitively captures the noble spirit of [the New Zealanders] -- and their humor. 
bad Smart, sassy movie, but expect raunchy humor, language. 
bad The film just didn't do much to me. 
fair This is one of the most likable [teen films] ever made not starring John Cusack 
good ...the movie coasts along on a surprisingly clever script and sure-handed direction. 
bad The dancing is well choreographed, but the story would have better succeeded in choosing an angle or two and sticking with it. 
bad A moderately entertaining, mostly inoffensive piece of filmmaking. 
fair The cheering is occasionally spectacular and the principals' acting is above the material. 
very_bad Nowhere near funny enough to succeed as a comedy, nor serious enough to work as a drama. 
very_bad Not ''about'' anything, unless you count obsessive shots of nubile, scantily clad bodies in motion. 
bad For as much as it fails on every conceivable level as a movie, the fact that it never really knows how bad it is gives it an almost irresistibly idiotic charm. 
good Who would have thought that a film about competing cheerleading squads would turn out to be the one very pleasant surprise in this very dismal summer season of moviegoing? 
good A far-above-average teen comedy that's both wickedly funny and dead-on insightful. 
good Finally, a teen movie that I can like! (OK, I liked She's All That too.) 
good Surprisingly perceptive, includes a few interesting characters, and turns would-be predictable moments into something just a little bit better. 
fair Bring it On has its heart in the right place but its brain in the wrong one. 
good An agreeable diversion unsullied by undue depth or hidden meaning. 
very_bad Triunfos Robados presenta dialogos absurdos y una alta dosis de sensibleria que fastidia desde la primera media hora de exhibicion 
good For a teen comedy, Bring It On is surprisingly aware of class issues and doesn't mind putting them up front 
fair The humor succeeds, in part, because the movie establishes the characters first and then works off of that. 
fair The fact that a bouncy teenage sports comedy can even gesture toward serious matters of race and economic inequality is pretty impressive, as is the occasional snarl of genuine satire. 
bad Grooves without ever getting to the heart of how ridiculous parading with pom poms actually is. 
bad Smart and sassy 
fair Hurrah for this little film, it's a good time 
good A bubbly, little comedic gem, and unexpectedly sharp-witted, to boot. 
good Probably the best high school comedy this year so far. 
bad For you guys, it's worth a rental. The rest of you may want to stay away, especially if you're diabetic. 
bad This is lightweight stuff, but the movie zooms along. 
fair The predictability is balanced by an anything-goes sense of humor and entertaining characters played by watchable stars. 
good Even those curmudgeons who wiled away homecoming assemblies smoking in the bathroom may find themselves seduced by [Bring It On's] bubbly, buoyant brio. 
good We've got to write off the narrative and simply sit back in utter amazement at the vigor, the animations, the unstoppable nervous energy of Kirsten Dunst's troupe and particularly Ms. Dunst's own charisma. 
fair Maintains a certain freshness due to the high-spirited cheerleading choreography, the novelty of presenting cheerleading as a coed competition sport and the appeal of its cast. 
fair Crackling good script, sharply directed. 
very_good Showcases a trio of talented young actresses, captures the exuberant athleticism of competitive cheerleading and positively exudes good-hearted charisma. 
fair The film earns a lot of good will because of its enthusiastic cast, impressive choreography, and remarkably fast pace. 
bad We get a strange mutant beast, half Nickelodeon movie, half R-rated comedy. It's like kids with potty-mouth playing grownup. 
bad Even I got a little spirit while watching this. 
very_bad Bring It On is a forgettable, hackneyed effort -- a presumptuous, feel-good movie that is a bubble-headed mess. 
bad Who cares about cheerleading? The movie obviously doesn't. 
very_bad Kirsten, you should not be in movies like this. 
terrible Truly lame dialogue. 
bad Quickly goes downhill, taking itself too seriously and ladling on every cliche in the screenwriter's manual. 
bad The ending leads to an inevitable sense of dissatisfaction. 
bad It almost makes a gal want to stand up and cheer. Nah. 
bad You'll see more navels in this PG-rated film than in a Florida orange grove. 
very_bad A silly, slangy and ultimately conventional spoof, touring the girls' locker room with an unusual skirmish involving teeth-brushing. 
very_bad Just a silly, formulaic movie with stock characters who are pretty to ogle. 
bad Heaven knows what Brian De Palma (originally slated to direct) would have made of it, but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West, with whom Statham remade The Mechanic, keeps things simple. 
very_bad Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre. But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer, failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest. 
very_bad The fight scenes are deadpan and electric, as they should be in a Statham film, but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion. 
very_bad It might have high-rolling credentials, but Wild Card is bluffing. 
bad [It's] offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years. 
very_bad Bar. Big breasts. Bodyguard. Jason Statham! Cockney, mate. Vegas, innit? 
very_bad It emerges, alas, as a compromise, hedging its bets between cheery, characterful Ocean's-ish caper and brute-force beat-'em-up; we're offered helpings of both, but not enough of either to satisfy. 
very_bad Ideal Statham - see 2002's The Transporter - is a gent, a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things. The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug, a braggart and a loser. It won't do. 
bad Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays, but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting... 
terrible With Wild Card, Statham may finally have overplayed his hand. 
bad As for the actual plot, it's a tedious and wonky affair, packed with typical crime-thriller elements. 
very_bad Statham remake is violent and contemplative, not thrilling. 
bad Too often it's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going, or if it's going anywhere. 
very_good A pulpy, enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters, even when they only get a few lines of dialogue. 
very_bad It's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers. 
fair Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else... 
fair This film's tagline should be "Come for the stabbing, stay for the gabbing!" 
fair There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents, and the groans you hear will not be his. 
good No stranger to piloting action films, West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace. 
bad Wild Card doesn't really do [Statham] any favours, despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree. 
terrible Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle, Wild Card should really be called Mild Card. 
bad Statham, in turn, is an aloof, drowsy shell of a leading man, the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace. He seems just as bored as the audience must be. He is, once again, so much better than this. 
bad Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor. 
very_bad The rest of the film doesn't feel particularly coherent, mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development. 
terrible Las Vegas steals the show, even though it's played by New Orleans. 
very_bad "This is the height of my career," says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ... 
terrible Does the curdled thriller "Wild Card" represent a brief misstep? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham, like so many action heroes before him, settles into self-caricature? 
fair One of Statham's better vehicles. 
bad Script by William "Marathon Man/Misery" Goldman, ass-kicking by Jason Statham? It's not all bad. 
very_bad Even for a shaggy dog tale, this is too shaggy, and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems. 
very_bad The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse. 
terrible For those still in possession of their wits, this film is not only the worst of the Twilight flicks so far, but just about the most melodramatic and insipid movie I've ever watched. 
very_bad The worst film in the "saga." Utter camp. 
terrible These movies have become one big joke, with hokey acting, slapdash visuals and Kindergarten dialogue. It felt like such a parody that it might as well have been directed by those jerks who made DISASTER MOVIE and EPIC MOVIE. 
very_bad Breaking Dawn - Part 1 transfers pivotal events from the source material to the screen but fails to translate those events into a competent two-hour movie experience. 
very_bad This film was made for the fans as they're going to be the only ones able to appreciate it, despite it not having any redeeming qualities whatsoever. 
bad As a movie, this isn't terrible; none of them have been, really. Each film has gotten a director who has tried to do something simple and honest with Meyer's tormented material. 
bad If I can say anything for the film, it's that it delivers exactly what the legions of Twi-hards want and expect--or what 'Team Edward' wants, anyway. 
very_bad Terribly broken. 
bad Bill Condon gives the series' fans what they have shown they want: uneven storytelling, maudlin dialog and decidedly one-note performances. 
bad Whatever momentum the third film had in this series, it's gone. Once again, it's an average soap opera. 
very_bad For a movie about life-sucking vampires and flesh-ripping werewolves, there sure is an inordinate focus on the birds and the bees. 
very_bad Director Bill Condon, prostituting himself, flirts with teen porn ... 
bad At least Jacob seems to understand the contradiction inherent in the insistence that coldblooded undeath is just another lifestyle choice. 
bad drags along too slowly to give it much impact and instead engenders little more than impatience 
good Dawnfinally gives viewers something to sink their teeth into. 
terrible Screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg continues her long tradition of scripting staggeringly banal, subtext-free dialogue and grasping at the profundity of her betters by quoting poetry in the prologues. 
terrible Twilight series dims - non fans stay away 
bad Almost sort of liked it. 
very_bad Tedious and toothless and feels at numerous moments more like a Saturday Night Live spoof that a proper continuation of the series.&#8233; 
terrible Bella e a candidata ideal a uma arrasadora depressao pos-parto. Mas com um marido sexualmente ambiguo e um melhor amigo pedofilo, quem nao seria? 
bad There's less cringeworthy dialogue and Condon does a better job visually telling the story, but it's hard to make a riveting two-hour film when the main conflict seems completely arbitrary. 
bad Condon can only do so much with the material at hand -- especially in this case, where maybe an hour of plot is stretched out to 117 minutes. 
very_bad Breaking Dawn starts to confirm my theory that Twilight is just a tamer version of The Story of O. 
fair They have saved the best for last. This movie is totally romantic and its three leads are at their best. This will delight 'Twilight' fans and bring in new converts. 
very_bad It's precisely three shots in that Taylor Lautner takes his shirt off, if that's your thing, and in all honesty I don't suppose that there can possibly be a more legitimate reason to see the movie. 
bad Put a stake in this franchise. 
bad Banal, bloodsipping installment to this far-fetched fantasy. 
bad The storyline reached a new depth and is everything every fan will desire. 
terrible A wolf council with dubbed growls may be the most ludicrous scene of the year, but a rumble with chic vampires punching CGI werewolves comes close. 
terrible Suggested solely for Twilight diehards, this underwhelming, unfunny melodrama amounts to little more than an uneventful setup for next year's grand finale. 
very_bad Yet another rather odd and protracted stepping stone to the ultimate finale ... it's a done deal for Meyer and co who are laughing all the way to the bank. 
terrible The occasionally amusing Twilight Saga finds a new low with the dramatically inert, painfully dull Breaking Dawn Part 1. 
good The most engaging Twilight movie yet. 
very_bad A boring mess that exists only to milk the fans that made the series a success, but is so unsexy and just plain weird that even the most devoted Twihards stand to be disappointed or grossed out, or possibly, both. 
bad Color us stoked that a Twilight movie even strays into evil-fetus territory. 
bad In director Bill Condon's skilled hands, this instalment proves more intimate, confining its action to kids in rooms wrestling with the consequences of their own crushes. 
good ...as far as shameless cash-grabs go, Breaking Dawn: Part 1 is far easier to stomach than certain other franchise-extending installments (eg the Star Wars prequels). 
terrible th diarkeia ths tainias apoteloyn paratetamena solarismata dianohtikhs kathysterhshs, kai paratetamena solarismata egkefalikhs dyskoiliothtas 
very_bad If you're on neither Team Edward nor Team Jacob, however, nothing in 'Breaking Dawn' will win you over. 
terrible The action sequences are ludicrous, the werewolves mostly just bounding, then bounding again, while the vampire trick of just moving ever so fast soon becomes just ever so tiresome. 
bad I do wonder if seeing Bella turn into a near anorexic with a face that's bordering on Gollum might have subliminal implications for some vulnerable teenage girls. 
bad Darker, sexier, sharper - a neat next step. 
very_bad Let's hope they can wrap everything up with a better film than this one. 
fair Critiques really have no weight when it comes to films like this. The haters are gonna hate, the fans are gonna love, and everyone else will check the movie listings and their own wallets before deciding if this is the best option for a night on the town. 
good The fourth book is so expansive that the filmmakers made the right call in splitting it into two parts. Stewart, Pattinson & Lautner have come to be genuine embodiments of the three major characters. The pacing is spot on with a... 
fair A surprisingly entertaining romp. 
terrible Breaking Dawn Part 1 is such a slow-moving, overstuffed chore of a movie, it is barely even worth calling a "bridging film." All you do is wait and wait and wait. 
very_bad Throughout the series, Meyer's lurid take on teenage passion has shone through as one of the ugliest and most insidious messages ever sent to its target demographic. 
terrible Is this really what Twilight fans want? Two characters drooling over and on each other for half the movie and not much else? 
very_bad The bloated franchise's worst film without question, the fourth "Twilight" popcorn flick is a futile exercise on the disappointment of anti-climactic waiting. It doesn't sparkle or shine. It flickers, and then disappointingly dies. 
terrible There's plenty of stupidity... from talking wolves and geisha-like vampire make-up to the most uncomfortable newborn baby moment this side of A Serbian Film. 
bad It is very focused on the idea of Not Pissing Off The Fans By Getting It Wrong. As a relative outsider, I found that this mentality sucked all the life out of the film. 
terrible Honestly, you can sneak into the movie an hour-and-a-half in and not miss anything. 
terrible So party on Twi-hards, you have no apologies to make for your love of this pulpy, romantic saga; just don't take it personally when the rest of us decide to party elsewhere. 
terrible ...a bad film, a self-aware one, for sure, but a bad one none-the-less. 
bad It all goes wrong just when it should go right. 
bad Melodrama reigns in this supernatural soap opera, even though author Stephanie Meyer's tale takes a decided turn toward the weird and violent. 
fair If there was ever a franchise that plays like a TV soap opera with a climatic ending that leaves the audience wanting more, it's this one. If you have seen the previous three films, then you go into 'Breaking Dawn - P1,' already hooked in from the start. 
very_bad What becomes clear is that while the bisecting of J.K. Rowling's hefty tome was artistically defensible, here, there's no such creative imperative. 
bad There really is no polishing a Twilight movie, which by design will have to be both silly and terribly boring. 
terrible This latest Twilight is a freakish hybrid: part medical horror, part cheesy Victoria's Secret catalogue shoot. 
very_bad This is a well-made film, though sometimes unintentionally funny. 
bad Sexy honeymoon, disturbing pregnancy dominate latest movie. 
fair Here's hoping Breaking Dawn Part Two gives us more of what Part One provided in the final 30 minutes than what it forced viewers to endure to get there. 
very_bad It's essentially one insufferably long pregnancy sequence sandwiched between a sweet wedding and gruesome birth 
bad As much of an homage to old timey experimental shlock horror as broad blockbusters can get ... I recommend Twilight virgins see BD1 as a stand-alone work. 
terrible The tagline states, 'Forever is only the beginning ...' After viewing this lifeless pap for mere minutes, we realize that it's not a slogan at all. It's a warning. 
terrible The worst entry in the series thus far, Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 is a toothless vampire film which plays slave to its tween demographic. 
bad Sappy melodramatics are constantly on full display, the performances are distractingly exaggerated and the dialogue is so ridiculously cheesy it could force Kraft to file for bankruptcy ... yet, for some odd reason, I was kind of entertained. 
bad The finished product allows the audience to take it as as seriously as it takes itself and/or laugh at its inherently ridiculous retro romance. No matter which side you're on, you wind up winning. 
bad [It] was supposed to be climactic. Instead, it's the most jumbled and tonally confused movie yet. 
fair "TBD-1" is smartly directed by Bill Condon ("Gods and Monsters," "Dreamgirls") in a straight forward manner that keeps the film from bogging down in its last act. 
terrible This is the one where things start to get silly. 
very_bad The climactic clash between vampires and werewolves is over in a brief flurry of fangs and fur. What little action there is, however, is so poorly staged by new director Bill Condon that you're actually relieved there isn't more. 
terrible One of the glummest, lifeless movies of the year, it is gray and bleak, even when the sun is shining. 
very_bad [T]he movie resolves everything of any obvious importance by the end, so, again, what's the point of this story? 
terrible Appalling by pretty much every measure. 
bad Stretches forty-five minutes of material to two hours in order to satisfy the ignorant two-parter conclusion. 
very_bad At this point in the story, the characters can't simply be innocent in order for the plot to work - they have to be naive. Edward Cullen is 120 years old. He has no excuse for being naive. 
terrible Bella shifts from her intended stance of antiheroine to something close to antimatter in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1. 
bad A stylistic addition to a series about an impossible romance, the power of family and the lengths people will go to in order to fight for what they believe in. 
bad Shamelessly cheesy, drawn-out and over-the-top as it is, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 is big, bombastic popcorn entertainment that knows exactly what the fans want, and delivers it in epic style. 
terrible It's based on a series of truly idiotic novels which, whilst works of an evil marketing genius, are artistic pollutants. Try and avoid getting dragged along to this one. 
bad Condon is directing Breaking Dawn -- Part 2. Let's hope he realises it is broken and that he does fix it. 
bad What remains is the total conviction that the ludicrous scenes are dead serious and fiercely meaningful. The result is not quite a laugh a minute, but close. 
terrible The sexless, bloodless, padded and plodding Breaking Dawn, Part 1 is the worst Twilight movie to date. 
bad Endearingly bizarre, and featuring the usual fan-service in the form of topless hotties running through forests - you just wish it was a slightly better movie, given the Hammer Horror promise of the pregnancy premise. 
bad Director Bill Condon may have been hampered by the original material, but he does nothing to help it along. 
fair In several scenes, characters play chess, but the film itself is as complex as "Chutes and Ladders," and just as suspenseful. 
very_bad The Twilight Saga hasn't matured along with its heroine. In fact, the latest movie regresses a bit, delivering more filler, less feeling and crummier CGI than last year's Eclipse. 
bad Breaking Dawn - Part 1 and the upcoming Part 2 were both directed by Dreamgirls' Bill Condon, who keeps the lunacy moving apace. 
fair Of the four Twilight movies, Breaking Dawn -- Part I has the most going on and the most going for it. 
very_bad After the enjoyable previous instalment, to my mind the best in the series, director Bill Condon's film is a step backwards in quality. 
very_bad It's all drawn-out and flat (even more so than is typical for the franchise), delivered at a slow, plodding pace that seems designed solely to stretch things out to two hours. 
good Fangirls, you have nothing to be ashamed of. 
fair A satisfying culmination of emotions that have been building in this supernatural fantasy saga as Bella the human and Edward the vampire marry and face a critical decision. 
fair It's like "Roadhouse" for women. As irresistible as it is ridiculous. 
bad It makes you wonder if splitting the book in two parts was such a good idea. 
good Will Condon's movie convert agnostics to Stephenie Meyer's Twilight cult? 
bad Sexy, silly, scary and stupid, the movie's tonal balancing act amounts to an Evil Dead for tween romantics. 
very_bad It breaks my heart to tell you that "Breaking Dawn" is broken. 
bad The good news? Now that all of the tedious exposition has been gotten, glacially, out of the way, "Part II" will probably be terrific. 
good It's the most imaginative picture in the franchise, and I say that as a fan of the first picture, Catherine Hardwicke's Twilight, an irony-free adolescent romance that took the idea of teenage erotic fantasy seriously. 
terrible easily the worst of the mostly awful Twilight films 
bad You can't blame a film based on a book for adhering to the book's idiotic storyline. You can, however, blame it for sucking as a movie. 
bad Breaking Dawn - Part 1 as a whole feels stretched-out, as if the filmmakers realized belatedly that there wasn't enough material in the book to sustain two movies. (There isn't). 
bad It's all a lot of fun. For some movies you don't need intelligence, you just need faith, gullibility and a state of happy surrender. 
very_bad [An] oddly joyless affair centred on an 18-year-old girl voluntarily destroying herself from the inside out, this might work as a standalone horror piece with a stronger directorial hand. As a so-called epic love story, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth. 
bad The worst part of these movies has always been the moments when those mumbly lovebirds find themselves in a meadow, gazing off into the distance as they dreamily part each other's hair. There's a lot of that sort of moony-eyed action in Breaking Dawn. 
very_bad Sex and abortion are the main topics of this installment, which tips between dullness and total camp. 
fair One is also grateful for the film's finale... which is genuinely brilliant. There, I said it. 
very_bad The dialogue is, of course, ridiculous and the acting ranges from stiff to mopey. But moments that should be pulsating with tension are usually hilarious because the special effects are still just so distractingly cheesy. 
bad The absurdity quotient of the movie begins high and rapidly escalates to bedlam. 
terrible Two things are certain: it is one of the worst movies of the year, and it is going to make an awful lot of money. 
fair Hands its reigns over to Oscar-winning filmmaker Bill Condon and, not coincidentally, produces the franchise's sturdiest installment. 
bad As a stand-alone movie it's a mixed bag. But it progresses the story of beloved characters with a reverence for the source material that will doubtlessly please Twi-hards, ushering in a finale that promises to be darker still. 
very_bad Lautner, who lasts approximately 8 seconds before tearing off his shirt, suggests more than ever that the casting director mistakenly told him he would be playing a robot. 
fair The latest and best of the movies about a girl, her vampire and their impossible, ridiculously appealing - yes, I surrendered - love story. 
very_bad The acting's better than it's ever been, but with the best will in the world, this can't get past the fact that the story's demented. 
very_bad Whenever certain actors take the lead and set the pace of the dialogue, time itself begins to crawl backward and the breaking dawn begins to feel like yesterday's breaking dawn, or last Tuesday's. 
fair This one draws you close and keeps you there - and, for those of us who haven't read Stephenie Meyer's novel, delivers some surprising turns of plot. 
bad Though director Bill Condon is new to the series, both he and returning screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg have an excellent grasp of their audience's desires, and are determined to meet them in good faith. 
terrible Pattinson again stands around looking pale and soulful, while Lautner gets to act more, which is maybe not such a good thing. 
fair Kristen Stewart is really pretty good here, although like almost all actresses she believes pregnant women rub their baby bumps unceasingly. 
bad "Breaking Dawn'' is the series in its fullest Victorian flower. But with Bill Condon directing, the pacing is all wrong. It's "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies.'' 
bad As maddeningly uneven as it is, Breaking Dawn boasts some of the strongest moments yet in a largely lackluster franchise. 
very_bad Really a half-film, and the boring half at that. Such is the nature of things dubbed "Part 1." It's a film about things that will inevitably happen, but don't until the next, more important part. 
very_bad Fails to inject its few key scenes with any life thanks to a woeful script, poor direction and lacklustre performances, though fans of the franchise should be used to that by now. 
terrible A rather good original idea has dwindled into self-parody. 
bad After all that foreplay, the new Twilight saga is a limp anti-climax. 
good The series is finding momentum as it nears its finale. 
very_bad The picture sidesteps all opportunities to depict the novel's nuttiness... in an intriguing manner and sands down all the edges to leave us with yet another generic melodrama, in which not a single moment rings true. 
very_bad The script is flat, cliched and repetitive ("You did this!" yells Jacob. "I love her!" pleads Edward) - which might not matter necessarily as it wasn't much better in the predecessors. 
terrible The wolves speak with bizarre half-human, half-canine voices that put me in mind of Scooby-Doo. 
good The Twilight films manage to cleverly blend melodrama with supernatural thrills, and while the film is not without its silly moments and cringeworthy dialogue it does deliver the drama and emotional highs we have come to expect. 
terrible The vampire drama of Twilight is all about the romantic agony of eternity, and this franchise feels like it's going on for ever. 
very_bad An American rocket ship crashes on a Pacific island where the dinosaurs still roam. 
fair It's as beautifully animated as its predecessor, but its mixed message is troubling: It begins by endorsing nonviolence, as Hiccup insists that friendship can be a more powerful motivator than force, but ends by bludgeoning the bad guys into submission. 
good With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots. 
very_good A command of genre creativity blended with human insight. 
best How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period 
good With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie. 
good Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki. 
best Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year. 
good A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex. 
best Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike. 
bad The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3. 
good It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast. 
good The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it. 
good The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success. 
good This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook. 
good Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ... 
good Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair. 
good Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing. 
bad Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement. 
good At times terrifying and too tough for tinies, this is nevertheless a triumphant sequel that puts its faith in Hiccup and Toothless to find a way through dark times for man and dragon. 
bad his franchise has swiftly proven itself to be one that has heart to match its dazzling visuals - it exists in a world that feels tactile, for once the 3D isn't crushingly disappointing. 
fair Not as fresh or funny as its 2010 predecessor but with a bang-up second half, much visual beauty and a surprising emotional resonance. 
good This isn't just a more soulful movie, it's a much more spectacular one too. At times, it makes it's glossy rivals look like they belong in the Dark Ages 
good It begs the question: Are animated studio such as Pixar and DreamWorks catering to a much more mature audience? Or are they pushing the hearts and minds of wee-ones into new, dark boundaries? 
good Game of What? This is our new desert island dragon-themed pop pick. 
fair There's actually a point about 90 minutes in where things take a very dark turn, and I momentarily thought the movie was going to end on an incredible down note. 
fair The swirl of storylines, plot twists and huge battles might prove a tad too intense for kids under 10, and even adults will have to pay close attention...Still, the film can't be faulted for its movement, humour or [its] sheer beauty. 
bad An efficient and entertaining franchise sequel, but it restates how conventionally Americanised this property has become in comparison with the literary original ... 
fair Those who made [this film] know the kids who adored the original have grown since the [first one] and they're trying mightily to grow with them. That counts for something in today's popular culture universe, even if they seem to be trying awfully hard. 
terrible Unable to settle on any one story idea in particular, writer-director Dean DeBlois throws in three or four, which intersect at odd moments, like cars at a busy intersection, refusing to give the right of way, so that no one ends up going anywhere fast. 
bad The most distinctive thing about the series is its strictly rational handling of fantasy themes. The dragons themselves can be fearsome or adorable - but since they don't speak, they're treated for the most part as pieces of hardware or beasts of burden. 
good How to Train Your Dragon 2 is the most solid, light, and enjoyable fantasy film of the summer. 
fair There's something uniquely appealing, especially to kids, about animals acting like animals. 
fair One of the top handful of movies ever made by DreamWorks Animation, but pretty much across-the-board weaker than the original How to Train Your Dragon. 
good I'm so impressed I actually saw a movie where I plonked down the coin for 3D and felt like I hadn't been robbed. 
very_good Dragon 2 does what every sequel should do, but few even attempt - expand the horizons of its original. 
good A rarity because this sequel outdoes the original. 
fair A visual stunner with aerial sequences that will take your breath away, and many of the dogfights (dragonfights?) have that Star Wars sizzle. 
very_good A great sequel feels fresh and familiar all at the same time, which is why 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a great sequel. 
very_good Waging peace can be every bit as heroic and satisfying as waging war. 
good DeBlois thankfully remembers everything the two of them did right in the previous film. 
best With its stunning visuals, majestic score, compelling perspectives, its massive yet impressive sense of scope, and its breathtaking camera angles, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is undeniably phenomenal and the undisputed animated film of the summer. 
bad It's entertaining and gorgeous, but disjointed, veering between wildly emotional scenes on both ends of the spectrum without much thought for how they should flow together. 
good The film isn't afraid to occasionally saunter over to the dark side. How dark? Let's just say there's a late-breaking development here that will result in some moviegoers tagging it as this film's Vader-flavored "I am your father" moment. 
very_good Every bit as endearing as the original, if not even more stirring, 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is full of humor, loss, adventure and romance. In other words, it has the same themes, lovable characters and beautiful look that made the original a hit. 
very_good How refreshing it is to find a summer sequel that's not simply louder or wackier than its predecessor, but rather feels like an extension of its first film and all of its best qualities. 
good Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office. 
best Epic, thrilling 3-D adventure sequel is outstanding. 
bad In the bigger is better world of Hollywood sequels, How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes up short. It lacks the novelty of the original and tries too hard to be "about" something more than fun. 
very_good A bigger, and arguably better, sequel experience that features more dragons, larger scale action set pieces, as well as a poignant message on the challenges of growing up. 
good An inspired and inspiring piece of escapism, this one will get the kids cheering on their feet and the grown-ups blubbering in their seats. 
best How to Train Your Dragon 2 will be tough for your kids to watch, and some of it will require explaining and discussion -- which alone makes it mean and matter more than the majority of designed-to-be-forgotten animated films in theaters these days. 
very_good It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises. 
best Not only does this second movie match the charm, wit, animation skill and intelligent storytelling of the original, I think it even exceeds it. 
very_good One of the most beautiful animated films ever made. 
good Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire. 
best An adventure for the eyes, and one forged with great imagination. 
good Just like the first film, when it's done you want to run out and pick up your own dragon. 
good While delivering the epic goods, the How to Train Your Dragon franchise continues to keep its eye on helping kids become better people, and that's a cause worth fighting for. 
very_good Dreamworks sure knows HOW to make a sequel: just add more dragons! 
fair Can we give it a rating of PG-10 or PG-11? 
best More than just teaching kids what to think about the world they're coming into, it's a rare film that encourages them to think for themselves. 
fair This was not a sequel that anybody needed, outside of the accountants. And there's another already planned. 
very_good One of this year's true surprises, the superior animated sequel not only is infused with the same independent spirit and off-kilter aesthetic that enriched the original, it also deepens the first film's major themes. 
best Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special. 
fair It takes what worked the first time and expands upon it, offering bigger, darker, more mature ideas without diminishing the original film. 
fair Nothing in this likable sequel flies quite so high as those aerial shots. 
very_good Young and old fans of the first movie will be lining up for the wit, for the inventiveness of the characters, for the breathtaking visuals - and just the sheer fun of it all. 
good "How to Train Your Dragon 2" succeeds because it builds on, but doesn't try to replicate, the magic of the first movie. 
fair It's just a bummer that such a pretty package lacks any real substance. 
very_good Offering a dramatically darker story, this feature serves as an animated homage to 'The Empire Strikes Back.' 
very_good In a summer filled with engaging entertainments, this is one of the best. 
very_good This is far removed from the innocent simplicity of its predecessor; How to Train Your Dragon 2 sees this series growing up -- quickly and for the better. 
very_good Not since Toy Story has an animated movie managed to feel so fresh and vibrant with its second helping. 
very_good This may be the first and last time anyone says this, but if "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is this good, why stop at 3 and 4? 
best The impressive part is the storytelling confidence of writer/director Dean DeBlois. He has created a thoughtful tale as meaningful for grown-ups as it is pleasurable for its young primary audience. 
good Nearly as exuberant as the original, How to Train Your Dragon 2 nimbly avoids sequel-itis. 
good Taking its cues as much from Star Wars and Game of Thrones as from its own storybook narrative, How to Train Your Dragon 2 breathes fire into a franchise sequel. 
fair Toothless is so vividly, viscerally animated, I worry a child will look askance at her own humble dog and peevishly wonder why Fluffernutter can't fly, or at the very least breathe fire. 
good More emotional, exhilarating and expansive than the original. DreamWorks finally has a franchise to match its ambition. 
very_good For once, we have an animated sequel free of the committee-job vibe so common at every animation house, no matter the track record. 
good Gruesome? A little. Scary? You bet. But that's exactly what makes the "Dragon" films so different, and so much better, than the average children's fare. 
good How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a sequel that will inevitably be compared with its predecessor, and while it doesn't reach the level of that original film, it still acts as a decent continuation of the story. 
good DeBlois, who also wrote the script, successfully juggles the multiple story lines, shifting allegiances and uncharted lands. 
very_good Dragon 2, like The Empire Strikes Back, takes sequels to a new level of imagination and innovation. It truly is a high-flying, depth-charging wonder to behold. 
terrible 'Bigger' pretty much describes this sequel to the 2010 sleeper hit - as opposed to, say, 'different.' 
good For audiences who want a sweet story, they can't beat the first film of a boy finding his best friend. For those who are ready for the next stage, try this one about a boy becoming a man. 
bad It's the unflinching edge that gives the film its unexpected depth. 
good The film's real emotional heart comes from its unabashed fanboy love of dragons. 
good Overall, a very worthy follow-up. 
very_good The unusual second chapter that hits new heights in almost every way. 
fair By taking its time in the 4 years since the 1st movie, Dreamworks has mounted a superior 2nd installment, one that gives heretofore untapped personality to its characters and an extra shot of heart to the touching, age-old tale of a Viking and his dragon. 
good The animation simply rules. Elegant and detailed, the film soars and whooshes with the craft that all animated movies should have. 
very_good An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony. 
good Flying high among this summer's blockbusters - it's enchanting! 
good As a reviewer who greeted the first film with lukewarm praise the reaction is much different this time. It joins that short list of sequels that surpass their originals. 
good Offers some stunningly beautiful sequences and an engaging, if at times quite dark, story line. 
bad The plot is unfocused and jumbled, borrowing elements from other fantasy movies without bringing them together into a cohesive whole. 
bad As far as animated action-adventure outings go, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a solid and exciting offering for those to whom the franchise appeals. 
good "How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't play it safe, and that's why it's the rare sequel that doesn't feel somewhat stale. 
best How to Train Your Dragon 2 does what most sequels can't -- that is, it expands on the original while maintaining the core elements of what made the first film so great. 
good It seemed as if there was nowhere new to go after the first film, but this is a richer story that dares to go darker and is thus more rewarding. 
fair OK, but the thin charms of the original are a little thinner this time out. 
bad How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an exciting adventure with rousing animated action, but it lacks the emotional hook of its predecessor. 
bad It has the core of a genuine crowd-pleaser, but unfortunately something bigger and more all-consuming keeps getting into its head. 
bad Not all the heart-swelling flying sequences in the world can flap away the sensation of franchise fatigue here. 
very_good Heartfelt, funny, and captivating, this is a satisfying continuation of the first film. 
very_good You may experience that rare sense of wonder that comes from losing yourself in a proper, well told story. 
good DeBlois' powers haven't diminished ... he dares to go deeper, smarter and even darker, honing in on the elements that made the first film work. 
bad When the film flies, it soars. 
very_bad Uninspired romcom has some racy scenes, drinking, language. 
bad [A] Woody Allen-lite comedy ... 
very_bad Romantic comedies depend on the sympathies of an audience, but in this scruffy movie actor-filmmaker Simon Helberg (The Big Bang Theory) plays a character so relentlessly naive and self-absorbed that it's impossible to root for him. 
bad We'll Never Have Paris, a nimble and tangy comedy, sails through most of its fleet runtime without a hitch, only to lose its nerve, slightly, in its final moments. 
terrible The danger in writing, directing, producing and casting yourself in the same movie is that there's no one to pull you back from the cliff. 
very_bad A film that neglects the basic requirement that an audience not thoroughly hate its protagonist. 
very_bad Too often the flat-lining jokes and botched attempts at emotional sincerity merely enhance the character's pathological nature instead of offsetting it. 
good An affecting, very intelligent work, done with an eye for realism and a heart for the lonely, insulted and injured. 
good Engaging, low-budget German drama with a strong script and a heart-breaking central performance from Eva Lobau. 
good For a first film, it's accomplished; for a college project, it's astonishing. 
fair A very well put together slice of life story showing us a character that always feels one hundred percent realistic. 
very_bad The movie makes the audience, like many of the other characters in the movie, simply want to get rid of her. 
bad With friends like this, you'd swear off friends for life. 
fair It's impossible not to emphasize with [the main character]... 
best The episodic nature is less apparent in Redux, the pacing surprisingly smoother as a result. 
best The new version shows that Coppola had originally intended something far more political, and while some of the new stuff could've remained lost, it does not diminish the movie's impact. 
best The best picture of all time. 
best The new version adds a weight and depth lacking in the original cut. 
bad Worth a single viewing for the curious, but definitely not for the purist. 
very_good Coppola leaves untouched the one section that cried out for a new edit - the murky finale that puts the "near" in "near masterpiece. 
good Almost an hour of new footage has been added to the film, making an already long film even longer, but not better. 
bad Sometimes it's just better to leave well enough alone. 
best Its sprawling, episodic process evokes the history-as-imagistic mosaic employed by T.S. Eliot, whose work is referenced brazenly and repeatedly throughout the film. 
best The real reason to rejoice the arrival of Redux is the opportunity to see Apocalypse Now in all its glory, as movies were meant to be seen. 
very_good Still a must-see, for Coppola's brilliant original version is, after all, the backbone for the superfluous additions. 
good This is the one where [Coppola] honors his vision -- or clears his name, whichever way you look at it. 
good The new Redux version isn't a better film, but for Coppola fans and film lovers, it's essential viewing. 
best A restoration that transforms a flawed movie, one that was touched by greatness, into a masterpiece. 
best Apocalypse Now is a frenzied, free-based ode to the grieving soldier and his need-to-numb. 
good In some ways even richer and more atmospheric than the original version, in others attenuated and logy. 
best One for the ages when it comes to the moral battles of war. 
very_good Grows richer and stranger with each viewing, and the restoration of scenes left in the cutting room two decades ago has only added to its sublimity. 
good An Audio-Visual War Poem 
best Whatever you do, don't pass on the probably brief opportunity to see Apocalypse Now Redux on the big screen. 
best Does Apocalypse Now need a new, longer cut? No. Is the original inexplicably improved with one? Somehow, yes. 
very_good Still one of the most moving films of its genre. 
good In a season of endless comic book superheroes, Hellboy II is a unique visual feast. 
good Hellboy II is fabulously imaginative, visually sumptuous and dramatically complex; what's more, it's very funny and engaging. 
bad [The film] will delight fans of the original comic-book adaptation, offering up as it does a much bigger spectacle with more wit and an eye-popping gallery of exotic creatures, while leaving non-enthusiasts like me admiring but uninvolved. 
good Other than Christopher Nolan, is there another director as hot as Guillermo del Toro? 
bad I'm just not interested in this film very much. I wish I was. But it's good to look at. 
bad Hellboy II: The Golden Army has the technical brilliance of a Renaissance masterpiece and a brain the size of a pea. 
bad It's not that Hellboy II is a particularly bad sequel, but that it tries to do way too much in the time allotted. 
fair The action's pretty pedestrian, and you wouldn't be blamed if you wished they'd just get it over with so that we could get back to the glories of Hellboy himself. 
best I was a fan of the first film about this unlikely hero, a big red guy with horns, a tail and a liking for sweets, kittens and cigars. And the good news is the sequel is even better. 
fair Behind a truckload of red makeup is Ron Perlman, whose characterisation of the egocentric protagonist Hellboy, or Red as he prefers to be called, is once again the highlight of the film. 
very_bad Del Toro is his generation's Terry Gilliam, an intensely visual director who loves his ideas so much that he's happy to disappear into them for minutes at a time, forgetting all about such trivial concerns as story, characters and audience. 
bad Hellboy is enjoyable because, unlike the rest of the heroes in this long summer of the superpowered, he's not dragged down by character neuroses. 
bad Hellboy II is one of those films that you want to love. 
good Hellboy II: The Golden Army zips from tense showdown to eerie spectacle at particle-accelerator speed. 
good Guillermo del Toro's mastery of fantasy film-making and his understanding of the multi-faceted richness of the genre guides this sequel to visually imaginative and intricately detailed heights. 
good For all its gorgeous freakishness, the movie is even more about love and friendship than the first one was. 
good It wouldn't be classic del Toro without the razzle-dazzle. The Golden Army provide that as they finally rise up, but even in the culminating moments of battle, it is del Toro's feel for human grace that shines through. 
good Style over substance, no doubt, but when you've got this much style who cares? 
fair Hellboy II is still very entertaining, even if it is simultaneously a little lackluster, and fans of the original are sure to like it. It probably won't hold up well on repeat viewings though. 
good Impressiona pela escala e pela criatividade. 
bad Some the magical images conjured here are absolutely unforgettable. 
bad The sets are dazzling, but the characters (manufactured by computer artists in most cases) aren't particularly designed to engage. 
fair Not only are the creatures amazingly conceived, but there's a lovely sense of humour to it all as Del Toro references horror movies of the past and even the work of John Landis. 
good The film is designed more as an ear-shattering sensory assault than a conventional narrative. 
bad Hellboy is it's own world. That is a compliment and also the problem. Director Guillermo del Toro has envisioned a fantastic looking world, but it's just a vision. 
bad All the same, this isn't a patch on the phantsamagoric splendour of Pan's Labyrinth, over-egging every set-piece and outstaying its welcome by at least half an hour. 
good Prepare for some devil worship. Hellboy is the hottest, strangest and most fun comic book hero around. 
good Playful, offbeat and with a decidedly droll sense of humour, Hellboy II's a richly rewarding superhero film with moments of gleeful comedy that films like Get Smart can but dream of. 
good A devil of a good sequel. 
fair Smart lighter touches such as Hellboy and Abe's crooning to a Manilow classic set this apart from other comic book adaptations and the stylish direction keeps your attention. Great fun. 
good A baby-step backwards after Pan's Labyrinth, but a rung up from the original Hellboy: more laid-back, even more out-there. Ignore the shaky plot and gorge on the grand design as del Toro lets his imagination - and some classic creatures - off the leash. 
good Second time around, director Guillermo Del Toro scores another direct hit with a monster yarn as keen on the gags as the global destruction. 
good Hellboy 2 is a movie that's a tingling boost to the senses: and that sense of humour is such a stimulus to the other five. 
good With Hellboy II, the comic-book blockbuster has finally grown up - without giving up the fairy-tale wonders of our youth. 
bad Del Toro's imagination is as fertile as ever but the plot keeps too much in reserve. 
good Guillermo del Toro's Faberge egg of a fairytale is not so much a sequel as a fusion of the fabulist imagination of 'Pan's Labyrinth' with the witty, irreverent comic-book action of his own 'Hellboy'. 
good As much Tolkien's baby as Mignola's, this has more heart and humour than most fantasy films can dream of. Hellaciously good. 
bad By Mike Martin - From the man who made Pan's Labyrinth it's a disappointment. 
good While the plot lends itself to pretentious blockbuster hysteria, del Toro keeps things grounded by focussing on the characters and their sardonic banter 
good ...moves with the virile grace of a prizefighter. 
bad Del Toro seems to use this movie as batting practice for The Hobbit. 
fair Hellboy II: The Golden Army is not a sequel that soars to new heights, but it does slip into a nice summer-movie comfort zone . . . 
good Further proof that franchises' second films can be better than the first. This one tops the original in a number of ways, not the least of which is its creative inventiveness. 
good Despite my complaints, this is one gargantuan action film that succeeds in creating an entertaining fantasy universe. 
good Is this fun? Hellboy, yeah! 
good Surprisingly rich entertainment, even takes on well known series: Star Wars, LOTR, & Die Hard; framed squarely within a sub-par opening and weak ending. Still, I liked it! 
bad Hellboy II, like the recent Chronicles of Narnia sequel, sacrifices story and character on the altar of action, effects and underwhelming creatures. 
very_good Del Toro's compositions are dense with effects and background creatures, and he clearly sympathizes with the misfits and monsters who are weary of humankind's greed and ecological destructiveness; yet the movie is light on its feet and generous of spirit. 
best The film itself is lovely, a breathless feast of fantasy anchored by an authentic humanism. 
good The fact that the setup works for a second round can be attributed Perlman's ability to juggle brash enthusiasm with hardened sarcasm. 
bad While this sequel to the 2004 feature doesn't lack for visual wonders, it's utterly clumsy in the storytelling department, a genuine shock given del Toro's usual ability to spin a tall tale. 
very_good Here's a comic-book movie with a heart, a soul, a brain and a personality of its own -- as personal in its own way as del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth. 
fair A virtual overkill of bizarre creatures 
fair Guillermo Del Toro's love for creature features comes through, but his story is uncomfortably rote in this visually dynamic comic book sequel. 
good Go to the movies long enough and you'll eventually find yourself rooting for a blood red, horned monster-man from hell. 
good An essentially unending parade of some of the most visionary images ever to grace a fantasy movie. 
fair Hellboy II's expansive imagination so elevates the material that you find yourself wishing it was put to the service of something greater. 
very_good Guillermo del Toro makes this sequel fully his own, firmly planting it in his unbridled imagination. 
very_good Gains big points for its dazzling visuals and for significantly ramping up the fantasy-tinged screen fighting. 
bad The disappointing storyline is geektacular nonsense. 
bad The visuals of HELLBOY II: THE GOLDEN ARMY are a triumph of imagination, but the story is more of a failure. 
good ... an improved sequel over the original film, able to build upon the foundation of the first feature and finally put Hellboy in real mortal danger... 
very_good You've got enough ideas for an entire geek-friendly trilogy in this one crazy movie. 
good Without question, del Toro's a visionary who lets his imagination run wild. 
best Awkward as the plotting is, the movie is too stubbornly weird, too deeply in love with freakishness, to be waved off. 
terrible About a half hour into Hellboy II: The Golden Army, my friend turned to me and asked "Does this movie have a point?" 
good Del Toro's imagination cuts loose with a sharp, witty script. Hellboy 2 is the fun, fantastic comic book blast that the original film never quite lived up to. I'll be looking forward to "Hellboy 3: Rise of the Little Red Babies" in a couple of year 
good Hellboy II: The Golden Army stretches beyond the first film in both creepiness and humor, making for kind of an odd mix that manages to work in the end. 
very_good Hellboy II: The Golden Army hits just the right mixture of style, comedy, action, and character development. Here's hoping for a third installment. 
fair One can't help but wonder whether Del Toro hasn't misjudged the balance between comedy and gravity in this sequel. 
bad In Hellboy II, director Guillermo del Toro delivers the Hollywood filet mignon we've come to expect wrapped nicely in all the special-effects bacon we've come to desire but without the heart we've come to demand. 
good This movie is everything Hancock wanted to be, but failed to deliver. 
good There's so much beauty and imagination on display in Hellboy II: The Golden Army that it's sometimes hard to tell if you're watching an action movie or a museum exhibit called 'The Artistry of Guillermo Del Toro.' 
good The talented fantasy filmmaker and heir to the Lord of the Rings throne gets the tone right throughout Hellboy 2, and the hip retro charm alone is enough to merit recommendation. 
very_good It's an entertaining, visually stunning romp busy with fantastic ideas and well-rounded characters... 
good Combining animatronics, digital effects -- and most important, the director's fertile imagination -- Hellboy II gives us a taste of the magic del Toro is sure to bring to J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit. 
good A surprise package of fun, fright and untamed imagination. 
good The second film is more assured, better paced, and has a stronger emotional component. 
very_good A fabulously freaky and fun immersion into a world of skin, hair, teeth and bones that aren't our own. Revolving around the ideas of bedtime-story imagination and fatherly obligation, it's more exciting, elegant and confident than its predecessor. 
good Hellboy II, like its 2004 predecessor, has a middling story line, but it's made memorable by the dark, freaky visions of director Guillermo del Toro. And this time, his imagination runs wilder than ever. 
fair Guillermo del Toro's more extravagant, $75 million follow-up to his 2004 B-movie doesn't take any of this particularly seriously. It's a monster movie in which the monsters listen to Barry Manilow. 
good The inventive del Toro creates visual fantasies unlike any other, and the creatures on display here are truly extraordinary. But amid all the costumes, all the action, and all the special effects, it's the humanity that makes his work so memorable. 
very_good It's the biggest, richest, most imaginative superhero movie of the summer. 
fair Hellboy II has the inclinations of a gas guzzler but the soul of a hybrid, and the two resist each other like partners in a loveless marriage. 
very_good It's the path del Toro takes to get there that gives the film its propulsive kick: You literally never know what's coming next, and what does is always better and cooler than you could have imagined. 
good The summer's been loaded with superhero movies, some better and some worse than Hellboy II, but none is as exuberantly creative, nor as unconventionally committed to being so many things other than a live-action comic book. 
bad On this latest Boy Meets Ghoul: Hellboy II's look is red hot. But it lingers too long on the fire, its promising sizzle ultimately losing flavor. 
fair Enjoy The Golden Army for what it is, a big fat piece of eye candy. But for the next Hellboy movie could we please have a lot more Hellboy? 
fair Hellboy II: The Golden Army may not be a masterpiece -- del Toro is capable of much more -- but it is whip-smart, pain-stakingly crafted and exuberant. 
good Melds the original Hellboy's kibitzy humor and crushing action with Labyrinth's darkest fairy-tale imaginings. 
fair Hellboy, a sensitive devil with a tough exterior, is an inspired creation but limited as a dramatic protagonist. When you start with a demon hero, you can't settle for making his adversary a less complex demon. 
good Hellboy II: The Golden Army is one of the coolest-looking movies, if not the most visually impressive one, of the summer. 
fair The PG-13 Hellboy is fun. And it's unafraid to embrace the schmaltzy. 
fair Fanboys won't mind the absence of depth or emotion; they may even welcome it for making the film more representative of its comic-book origins. The rest of us, however, cannot rejoice at the overspending and overkill likely to come in Hellboy III. 
good A blast of fanboy wit, style, imagination, and prodigious noise that comes on like heavy-bore pop art. 
fair Hellboy II is a creature feature unlike any you've seen before. But next time, let's try a little storytelling, too. 
good [W]hile it's nice of Mignola and Del Toro to create something like this out of whole cloth it's the eye candy, not the story, that people are going to talk about. 
good First and foremost, Hellboy II is a riot of creature and set design as well as big action set pieces. Yet Del Toro never reduces the characters to mere action figures. 
fair As he loves Liz, life, and TV, Hellboy embodies possibility, faith, and imagination. 
good Like a young Spielberg before him, del Toro gives off this "I get to make movies for a living, isn't that awesome?!" vibe that's too often missing on the screen. 
best I left the theater nearly delirious from what I had just experienced--and I can't wait to take it all in again. 
good del Toro has made an astounding bit of eye candy but viewers going in hoping for another emotional masterpiece on the level of "Pan's Labyrinth" may come away from it slightly disappointed. 
good ...easily one of the most imaginative films of the summer. 
best This is big screen fantasy as a wish fulfillment free for all, a far out fairytale told in the most intricate of celluloid calligraphy. 
fair Hellboy II is downright goofy. When it's not being funny, the creatures steal the show. 
good Hellboy 2 is visually perfect and is a sentimental look into the world of Hellboy but keeping with the love story of the film it should have been called Heavenboy. 
very_good Del Toro seems to have been given more freedom and more money to create an even more complete universe, packed to the corners with his peculiar, unique ideas and nightmares. 
good Imagine one of the Star Trek crews transported to Tolkien's Middle Earth, or Buffy and her Scooby gang whisked away into the heart of Narnia. 
good Hellboy II takes the fantastic make-up artistry, creature creation, and set design that we grew fond of in Pan's Labyrinth and combines all of these elements with mindblowing CGI and stunning choreography 
best By far the most imaginative action movie in ages - a mix of epic fantasy, tender romance, broad comedy and double-barreled excitement that satisfies all your pleasure centers. 
good The wonders are, if not endless, then abundant. And in a movie landscape where "effects" too often supersedes "special," wonders are worth savoring. 
fair If the premise isn't exactly air-tight and the pacing is uneven, the visual panache and central character work helps to make up for some of its deficiencies. 
fair For all its eye-popping, Middle Earth-meets-Mos Eisley majesty -- its mix of Heironymus Bosch, Jules Verne and George Lucas -- Hellboy II is a letdown. 
good I can barely keep up with the mythology put forth by the Hellboy series, but I enjoyed the first film, and I enjoyed the new one. 
fair A dark fantasy/horror tale, it's chaotic yet spectacular. 
good With director Guillermo del Toro's fantastical vision on overdrive tempered by an occasionally self-mocking sense of humor, this Hellboy sequel is a quintessential summer movie that delivers plenty of inventive thrills. 
very_good We should be glad that del Toro is operating at his peak right now, getting all the money and latitude he needs to weave his spells. 
bad As big, mindlessly fantastical summer entertainment goes, this falls comfortably between Iron Man (the gold standard) and the not-quite Incredible Hulk. It's a visually striking, mildly amusing way to kill a couple of hours. 
fair It's not perfect -- thank Satan! -- but Hellboy II: The Golden Army is by far the most splendidly imaginative and creatively uncorked piece of fantastic cinema since the director's Pan's Labyrinth netted an Oscar trifecta in 2007. 
very_good [del Toro] has an endlessly inventive imagination, and understands how legends work, why they entertain us and that they sometimes stand for something. For love, for example. 
good A visual treat in every way, "Hellboy II" delivers on all cylinders. 
good Director Guillermo del Toro is a mad genius, and I want to get drunk with him. 
good Cool monsters aside, it's really the humor and the characters make Hellboy 2 into something more than just another summer special effects flick. 
best A quirky, idiosyncratic, Harryhausen-inspired, art house creature feature with the poetry and narrative depth characteristic of misunderstood monster classics such as The Creature from the Black Lagoon and The Bride of Frankenstein. 
good Much more than a big-action, small-brain summer movie. 
good The line from special effects whiz Ray Harryhausen to director Guillermo del Toro has never been so clearly visible... 
very_bad Simply a bull in a china shop, smashing around aimlessly, desperately hoping we'll at least be impressed with the horns. 
good ...isn't much of a story, yet as a vehicle for the monstrosity-minded imagination of writer-director Guillermo del Toro it offers an endless array of bizarre visual riches. 
good Visually stunning comic book sequel from the endlessly inventive Guillermo del Toro amounts to little more than a noisy mess. But it sure looks pretty along the way. 
good A film of richly complex themes overlaid with a frothy plot, each serving to disarm the audience while holding it rapt. 
bad Will appeal to the freak inside you who refuses to follow orders and is not afraid to let your gentle side out every once in a while. 
good Adolescent pulp fantasia meets sentimental married life in Guillermo Del Toro's follow-up to his 2004 working-class superhero movie. 
best Clearly, del Toro has a deep affection for both his characters and the world of gods and fairy-tale monsters, and it translates into a rich, sophisticated sequel that actually improves on the original. 
good Inconceivable in any incarnation other than Ron Perlman whose size, head shape, bluster and irrepressible grumpiness endear him to us. 
very_good Hellboy II: The Golden Army is huge and filled wall to wall with more imagination than any other film this year. 
good Hellboy is without a doubt the most compelling and interesting superhero character ever on screen. 
fair An imaginative if somewhat messy B-movie, the type for which popcorn is popped. 
bad There's a peculiarity to Hellboy 2 that blurs the line between del Toro's Hollywood blockbusters and his less conventional Spanish-language films. 
very_bad Despite a handful of creepy and visionary sequences, this sequel remains limp and unengaging. 
very_good Not just a vast improvement over its predecessor, but the quality on almost every level is almost night and day with a stronger story and some of the most mind-blowing creature and FX work we've seen this summer. 
good There are some remarkably beautiful things in Hellboy II... but suffers, in my opinion, from too much of everything. 
good I stumbled out of Hellboy II: The Golden Army feeling as if my imagination had eaten too much ... And yet, Hellboy II has more than a little heart to it; it's scrappy and self-aware, and never out of touch with what it is. 
fair There was no way, shape or form that HELLBOY II would meet its expectation, but even with all of the anticipation, the film managed to entertain just enough... In the end, what you'll get is another fun, yet forgettable summer blockbuster. 
very_good Hellboy II feels like nothing less than the successor to Pan's Labyrinth... dressed in spandex. 
very_bad In Eagle Eye, we're meant to fear our GPS. 
terrible As the film drags on, there are several nauseatingly dogmatic moments that make you feel like you're trapped in some kind of uber-liberal rally. 
bad Eagle Eye isn't awful, just trite ... it suffers from the same problem most high concept films have; it's all smoke, but no fire. 
terrible The trouble with Shia? He's no Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart, or Cary Grant. And as for Caruso, well, Brian De Palma can rest easy. 
bad Everything's chopped up into those woozy, bite-size snippets of flashing lights and spinning tires, thrown into a blender and then regurgitated on screen. 
fair Eagle Eye is a totally derivative, unoriginal techno-thriller, cribbing scenes and ideas from better films. ... But it's also thoroughly entertaining. 
fair ...one could certainly do far worse as far as movies of this ilk go. 
bad So colossally ridiculous (and transparently derivative) that willing suspension of disbelief is a fool's errand. [Blu-ray] 
fair What, you can't relate to someone being controlled by an omniscient machine? 
bad ...one long, hyperkinetic chase, with the audience wondering what in the heck is happening. 
fair Lowest-common-denominator filmmaking at its most discouraging, with makers who believe moviegoers too stupid to think, so instead opt for constant adrenal gland stimulation. 
very_bad Pay heed to the movie's warning: Technological advancements might indeed become a concern in the future, especially if they allow for greater mass production of duds like this one. 
bad Eagle Eye occupies a treacherous middle ground. It isn't credible enough to work as a thriller and isn't ridiculous enough to work as a spoof. 
terrible The morons going to Eagle Eye are the ones who would most benefit from its message in spoon-fed form. 
very_bad mplekei homage Kubrick kai (alimono) Spielberg me retalia Tony Scott se asmileyto stilaki Michael Bay (stise 5 kameres, peta amaksia deksia ki aristera, traba ta ola, rih' ta sti montaziera, ki opoios bgalei noima, magkia toy), kynigontas intrigkadoriko p 
terrible Where's Jamie Foxx when you need him? 
terrible Oh, come ON. 
fair What's galling about Eagle Eye is that it could easily have been an entertaining film without constantly yielding to the impulse to blow stuff up. 
bad I give the film credit for moving along and, for at least the first half, keeping you engaged in the mystery. At the same time, when the film turns, it turns south. 
bad Caruso's films only borrow great ideas rather than use them for special inspiration. 
very_bad Eagle Eye is the kind of movie that believes more is better, and while that may sound great in the pitch session, it almost never works. 
bad Even though it clearly resides in the realm of science fiction, it appears to be set in the present day, which is more than enough to tweak even the most rational person's sense of paranoia. 
very_bad Did everyone involved in this botched thriller OD on speed? 
very_bad But there's also a puppy-dog doesn't-know-any-better enthusiasm to this pacy fluff which means you can't get that worked up at it. 
very_bad With a preposterous plot that does not bear close analysis, Eagle Eye should fall short. But such is the breakneck pace of proceedings the holes in the story zoom by too fast for you to notice. And for all its flaws, it's an enjoyable slice of hokum. 
terrible don't have the willpower, words, or energy to explain why a psychopathic CIA computer suddenly decides to take over the world. But that's the plot in a nutcase. 
terrible Some nonsense is fun, but this wears you down. 
good A fun techno romp, mixing great bang for your buck with insights into the dangers of restricting civil liberties. Now, anyone for Shia killing blondes dressed as his dead mother? 
very_bad This numbskull knock-off of 2001: A Space Odyssey and Enemy of the State has the unlikely effect of making Tony Scott look like Alfred Hitchcock. 
bad It's not bad and it ticks all the boxes but somehow it doesn't quite come off - but I can't you explain why. 
terrible This has to be the dumbest and most implausible action movie of the year. 
bad The plot is totally nonsensical but is played at such a thrilling pace that it barely matters. 
terrible Portentous nonsense, and loud with it. 
very_bad But do we care? This is a disastrous mess. 
good Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that compensates for its increasingly ridiculous plot with strong performances, great direction and some terrific action sequences. 
good The 1984 nightmare has been bolted to 2001 (as in Space Odyssey) to make one of the better action thrillers of 2008 
very_bad Eagle Eye is a mediocre attempt at suspense that manages to lose all of its dramatic weight at the exact moment it drops its heaviest truths. 
terrible The concept is beyond ridiculous, the execution beneath inept... 
fair Eagle Eye's simplistic and colorful contrivance is oddly refreshing in its preposterous exuberance...a transparent treat at best. Thoroughly rollicking and roguish... 
bad Keeps our attention all the way through, even as the plot gets increasingly preposterous 
very_bad Eagle Eye churns and flails and piles on pointless and improbable complications. 
bad It has been shot and edited with that hectic, all-too-familiar brand of impressionistic choppiness often used by Hollywood directors to make a silly story unintelligible. 
bad Those that are bothered by shaky camerawork might want to stay home or take Dramamine. Considering how promising the premise was, EAGLE EYE is a major disappointment. 
fair To make barcodes scary, a thriller needs a pace faster than a busy self-scan checkout. Thankfully, there's no need for a price, or pulse, check on this furious, if exhausting, flat-world thriller that Thomas Friedman would appreciate. 
very_bad Eagle Eye fails to engage the audience into caring much about the characters because you are too busy trying to figure out what the hell is going on. 
bad The story goes from being a paranoid post-9/11 nightmare to being a goofy piece of sci-fi junk. 
very_bad It's a poor man's 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Fugitive. I actually feel a little dirty naming those two when talking about this one. 
good While highly improbably and overly chaotic, the film is entertaining, which is all that really matters from this type of movie. 
terrible [LaBeouf]'s just not very credible in elaborate action set-pieces, although at least this time he's not trying to convince us that he's a '50s greaser. 
bad The situation is anything but average, but [LaBeouf and Monaghan] two stars ground the adventure just enough to make the film into an enjoyable diversion. 
fair So fast paced and exciting that you don't care whether or not it makes any sense 
bad If you have a taste for this sort of nonsense, then all this hyper-implausibility is actually kind of fun. 
bad This cautionary tale about the perils of technology might seem more sincere if the movie ever stopped trying to indoctrinate us into being good consumers with its incessant product placement... 
very_bad Since it is plainly obvious that the movie's priorities lie not with its message, but with its lightning-fast pacing and confusing action scenes, it's insulting when these ideas are shoehorned in half-heartedly. 
good HAL has a granddaughter? Who knew? 
fair Bristling along on one amazing narrative convolution after another, and fueled by fascinating gung ho performances from everyone involved, Eagle Eye is a jovial serving of cinematic junk food. 
fair Big Brother isn't watching, he's seen this already. Eagle Eye is for the guy in front of me on his cell phone... 
fair Eagle Eye starts out strong as an exciting action/suspense movie but eventually the implausibilities of the story catch up with it. 
fair ...the filmmakers apparently want you to suspend your disbelief. 
bad The action sequences are frequent and frenetic, and Caruso bathes every scene in a high-tech sheen to cover the gaping leaps in illogic. 
bad How [do] these actors manage to slog through this awful script and its deteriorating-by-the-minute premise and still deliver their lines with a straight face. 
bad A film like Eagle Eye can be an escape. Just don't try to think your way through it, or you might suffer a brain hemorrhage. 
bad Que filminho estupido. E divertido. 
very_bad Noisy, derivative and thoroughly preposterous even by the standards of 21st-century action movies. 
bad It all wears very thin by the third act, when The Voice really starts to grate and all remaining sense slams into a brick wall. 
good It's entertaining, if you're OK with it not making a ton of sense. 
bad The chase eventually wears thin, and Eagle Eye eventually strangles its actors in the threads of its plot. 
fair The movie doesn't have three brain cells to rub together, but the premise carries it a long way. 
very_bad Should this film be a huge box office success, it will stand as a sad testament to how low the bar for cinematic entertainment has been set. 
bad Eagle Eye requires blind faith in its silly storyline 
bad The more that's revealed about the forces at work on Jerry and Rachel, the less interesting the plot becomes. 
bad Eagle Eye is big, loud and expensive, but it's not particularly entertaining. 
bad There are lots of new wrinkles to ponder about American surveillance, but it seems that all the writers have surveilled is HBO. 
bad As the absurd contrivances mount, and the omnipotence of the shadowy conspiracy becomes more and more hard to buy into, the movie loses its footing. 
terrible Finally, an action-adventure thriller that feels as if it were created, directed and acted, soup to nuts, by a computer program. 
terrible The film is a rag bag of concepts and characters from earlier, vastly better movies. 
bad A ridiculous wrongly-accused-guy-on-the-run thriller. 
bad Disturbia team shows it can steal from a variety of sources -- not just Hitchcock -- in this laughably convoluted thriller about Big Brother run amok. 
bad Set in the present, and directed by a middling talent, Eagle Eye still has some entertainment value. But only if youa(TM)re looking for a good laugh. 
bad Eagle Eye wants to be a little on the sci-fi side, but it's mostly just badly plotted and executed. 
very_bad For all its digitally effected chaos, the cinematic threat level in Eagle Eye never even comes close to orange. 
very_bad The only title that works for this movie is Three Days of the Mongoloid. 
bad You can't help thinking that if Hitchcock were inspired by today's privacy meltdown, he'd need only a quarter of the explosions to leave us shattered. 
fair [Hitchcock] for a modern age bloated by steroids, addled by action, and incapable of long-term attention. 
fair Eagle Eye has half an idea in its head, but over two hours there's no time to complete or explore it, since the movie isn't just a chase but a combination steeplechase and destruction derby. 
terrible A far-fetched conspiracy story that depicts the growing and pervasive role of technology in our lives. 
bad Without giving anything away, let's just say that the ending of Eagle Eye is about as subtle as being impaled to death by an American flag. 
bad The film unfolds at such breakneck speed that the credits are rolling before it becomes fully apparent that the storyline actually ran out of gas some way back. 
fair In Eagle Eye, old-school political paranoia is filtered through a new prism that focuses not on terrorism but on overcooked US government measures to monitor citizens. 
bad We're told that the idea for Eagle Eye came from executive producer Steven Spielberg, but it's not a very original idea and it's no surprise that Spielberg didn't want to direct it himself... 
bad I was waiting for Will Smith to pop up in this sequel to Enemy of The State, which was extremely far-fetched but still deliver pretty decent entertainment. 
good There's nothing wrong with occasionally indulging in an entertaining film purely because it is an entertaining film. What is the point of a healthy, nourishing dinner if there isn't any desert at the end? 
bad With less expensive actors, it might just have been called Chase Movie, and played for laughs. 
very_bad Provides one of the biggest You've Got To Be Kidding moments of the year. 
bad This big, bone-headed and unintentionally laughable techno-fear thriller is a movie in one hell of a hurry. 
very_bad What might have been a zeitgeist-fueled paranoid thriller along the lines of The Conversation or Three Days of the Condor winds up an unintentionally hilarious exercise in the suspension of disbelief, peppered with confusingly edited car cha 
good The Kubrickian Hitchcock elements are out front and personal, but D.J. Caruso keeps things nicely slick and swift so the film reminds you, maybe not of those legends, but certainly of someone like John Badham at his 1983 peak. 
terrible two hours of absolute nonsense that is easily the noisiest action film to come around the pike since "Transformers" and quite possibly the dumbest one to boot. 
good This time, Big Brother doesn't only want to listen to us - he wants to kill us. 
bad It's worth a look for the effects, or if you just want to scare yourself into throwing out your cellphone and living off the grid. 
bad Take one or two good ideas and add a lot of political thriller cliches and you end up with a disappointingly predictable action movie that doesn't necessarily deliver on the promised goods. 
very_good This is just good, old-fashioned filmmaking with two likable protagonists up against a monolithic antagonist. 
very_bad Determined to remake himself into a mini-Michael Bay (replete with military hardware fetishism!), Caruso shoots primarily in shaky, glossy close-ups that obliterate any sense of spatial proportion, scale or lucidity. 
bad a likable paranoid fantasy that will handily kill a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon... before disappearing into the endless data stream it depicts with such apprehension. 
bad Though it aspires to be an intriguing political cautionary tale, the movie is mostly about the feverish and jarringly choreographed chase scenes. 
bad exploits paranoia about the invasion of personal privacy by technology with an entertaining action fantasy that pushes all the right buttons 
good Depending on your perspective, it will be either one of the year's sillier films or one of its most enjoyable ones. Or possibly a combination of both. 
good Eagle Eye skillfully taps into post-Sept. 11 paranoia -- a briskly paced thriller that blinks at times but mostly keeps its focus. 
bad It means to say something about anti-terrorism surveillance and civil liberties, but if you asked me what Eagle Eye is about, I'd have to say it's about as dumb as can be. 
very_bad Eagle Eye isn't horrible, but it does make sure the audience is bruised, buffeted and battered with rock-'em, sock-'em action in a deliberate attempt to shake logical questions about the plot out of their heads. 
fair Eagle Eye wants to be Marathon Man, or Enemy of the State, only with a post-9/11 overlay and a plot device lifted straight from 2001: A Space Odyssey. 
terrible By the time Jerry and Rachel are riding around on airport conveyer belts while Agent Morgan, in hot pursuit, stumbles over luggage behind them, the film has lost all semblance of sanity and focus. 
fair Check your credulity at the door, and you'll at least enjoy some high-impact action scenes. 
bad The word 'preposterous' is too moderate to describe Eagle Eye. This film contains not a single plausible moment after the opening sequence, and that's borderline. 
good Manages to be both ominous and fun, making this a popcorn thriller with an edge. 
bad And you thought Live Free or Die Hard turned real issues into rubbish. 
bad Explosion-filled thriller is clever but confusing. 
fair Eagle Eye has its flaws, but you're not going to care or notice them. 
bad So what we have here is the world's smartest entity giving orders to the two dumbest people. 
bad Good, manic fun plus a heavy dose of political intrigue adding up to two hours of clamorous, mind-numbing nonsense. 
bad The fever-pitch paranoia of this terrorist thriller, the seizure-inducing editing, the dense layers slapped on a fairly simple plot all point to a kind of overkill that only Hollywood money can buy. 
very_bad The movie is about the crashing, chasing, shooting and exploding, not about the human collateral damage left in its wake. 
terrible Scary Movie 5 is a reprehensible excuse of a comedy and should barely be considered a film since it's of such poor quality. They don't make a dunce cap big enough for individuals this idiotic. 
terrible Railing against Scary Movie V for diminishing the series' standards would be as effective as criticising Brooke Hogan for disgracing her proud family name. And yet, the fifth instalment of the Scary Movie franchise does do that. 
very_bad Enough. Please. 
very_bad This is a big waste of time, drawing one more gasp out of a series that should have given up the ghost long ago. 
terrible This franchise has steadily gotten worse and worse with #5 being the all time low. 
terrible The only thing scary about 'Scary Movie 5' is the thought of a sequel. 
terrible It's crude, gross and probably wishes it was offensive but comes across as just lazy, limp and unfunny. 
terrible Don't. Don't go see this. Don't subject yourself to this. Don't subject your brain to this. Don't give these people your money and encourage them to make more of this. 
terrible The filmmakers border on sophomoric desperation, achieving a measurable shred of humor only in the outtakes during the closing credits. 
terrible A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake didn't stretch to writing actual jokes. 
very_bad The latest installment of the slick, highly profitable parody franchise. 
terrible It's supposed to be funny, but you'd have an easier time reading a zombie's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ... 
terrible This vapid, vulgar insult to the intelligence couldn't possibly have been tested on any focus groups. Can we all now agree that we've reached the cinematic saturation point with the rapidly-expiring, Scary Movie franchise? 
terrible If I ever have to watch another Scary Movie film, I'll give up on writing, cinema, and society forever. 
bad For the art-house crowd, who may, I suppose, stumble drunk into the wrong theater after too much Chardonnay, there are nods to Black Swan and 127 Hours. 
terrible The scariest thing about Scary Movie 5 is that it actually made me chortle less than some of the silly horror flicks it's trying to spoof! 
terrible Lacking a single honest laugh, this is shoddy by comparison with the other Scary Movie sequels... which throws it in a pit with Transylmania, Breaking Wind and Stan Helsing. 
terrible Like so much of this whole series, the mere mention of a familiar pop culture figure or title is supposed to be hilarious. 
terrible Scary Movie 5 must be some kind of psychological experiment. Perhaps the filmmakers sat in a lab, rubbing their temples while wondering aloud how awful they could make a movie and still score at the box office. 
terrible If it's even possible, Scary Movie 5 is worse than its predecessors, reaching all new heights of stupidity and fall-flat comedy. 
terrible The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it's over -- comes near the beginning. 
terrible Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic (and unamusing) attempt at parody that is tedious not fun. 
terrible A hate crime against cinema, a ringing indictment of the depths commercialism will go to in search of the lowest common denominator. 
terrible yap yap yap yap yap... 
bad There are opportunities to have a good time with this film, if you are a forgiving sort. 
terrible Even if you chuckle occasionally at this, it's hard to see how anyone would want to pay to see it. 
terrible Another pointless exercise that only served to make me deeply examine why comedy was ever funny. Next time, I'd rather just laugh. 
terrible Surely we have a responsibility to audiences in need of laughter, and surely we can do better than this. 
terrible The inexcusably desperate "Scary Movie 5" is this once-prosperous series' death rattle. 
terrible You must have a better way to spend that $13. 
terrible Put it this way, there's a spoof of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" in which gorillas throw their feces at the wall to see if it sticks, and you can't help wondering if this is actual documentary footage of the script meetings. 
terrible Scary Movie 5 is so bad, it makes A Haunted House look like a Seltzer/Friedberg comedy. 
terrible like a sharp stick in the eye 
terrible Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale, but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference. 
terrible These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year. 
terrible When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie, you know it's bad. SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag. Or a woman having sex with a microwave... 
very_bad This is the first Scary Movie in seven years, but the formula remains unchanged, with a thin storyline linking spoofs of Hollywood hits. 
good A fun and very creepy zombie comedy that works because it's so damn ridiculous... 
very_bad Director Victor Garcia and screenwriter Richard D'Ovidio really just want to get down to business, so they don't waste much effort on plot. 
bad The film looks good, and overall production quality is certainly serviceable, but at the end of the day, The Damned is just another of countless horror films. 
terrible From its first draw of blood onward, it bolts down a foreseeable slasher-movie trajectory, laying on thick the dramatic irony while constantly inventing new reasons to punish its characters for old iniquities. 
bad The Damned does all it can to make witches scary once again, but flashes of inept acting and tonal fumbles spoil what could have been a horrifying feast of riches. 
good Behind the scenes look at theme parks and more. 
very_bad "Undefeated" Palin did a fine job of making her fans feel like losers with this abortive trial balloon/infomercial. Losers and suckers. 
terrible After proclaiming that Palin is a woman of substance, in the end Bannon's movie is all about her style 
very_bad A.K.A. Triumph of the Shrill. . . 
terrible The Undefeated says less about Sarah Palin than about the political and cultural environment that made her big screen beatification possible. 
very_bad This Sarah Palin hosanna is done in by the simple fact that its director needs to go back to film school. 
terrible A troop-rallying campaign infomercial as imagined by Michael Bay: hero-worshipping, crescendo-edited at a dizzying pace, thunderously repetitive and its own worst enemy as a two-hour, talking-points briefing. 
terrible Make up your mind, people: Is she a tough-as-nails "Mama Grizzly" or is she a fragile female who needs men to stick up for her? 
bad The concept gets a weird but intriguing workout. 
fair While this twisty thriller sometimes borders on the pretentious, it's an auspicious debut by writer-director Martin Koolhoven. 
terrible Incredibly dull, dreary film wastes a good cast. 
bad This con man movie is best for older teens and up. 
good Like Richard Widmark, [John C. Reilly] is an excellent character actor who can convey both likeability and pathetical desperation simultaneously. 
very_bad Those viewers who watched NUEVE REINAS beforehand will be affected with increasingly unpleasant feeling of deja vu. 
bad [It's] a safer, watered-down, but still enjoyable redo. 
bad ...the interaction of the movie's two leads, Reilly and Luna, is so good you might enjoy it for their performances alone. 
bad Considerando-se que o otimo Nove Rainhas foi realizado ha apenas alguns anos, esta refilmagem soa desnecessaria, por mais interessante que seja seu roteiro. 
good Reilly is perhaps the most amazing fusion of boy and man we have in American movies. 
very_good Like a smash-and-grab job, the movie gets in, springs the con and gets out quick - leaving the viewer to replay the twists on his or her own time. 
good While the twists at the end are a little more predictable here than in the first film, it's still an assured work, especially considering that it comes from a first-time director. 
bad Redundant. 
good This is one of the best con movies I have seen as rare currency is used as the valuable commodity. 
bad The remake is so faithful to the first film that some of the snap and crackle disappears if you know the plot. It's like watching The Sixth Sense for a second time. 
bad Yet another inexplicable American remake that adds nothing new to the original. 
bad Maybe I'm dense, but the finale of Criminal left me not exactly sure what was won and what was lost or why I should care. 
bad With dashes of black humour and pointed glimpses of the American class system, Criminal is a taut con-versus-con game whose deft artistry isn't fully revealed until the last few minutes. 
fair A kind of who-done-what? puzzle. You'll probably enjoy it much more if you haven't seen the 2002 Argentine film, Nine Queens. 
bad You can't go too far wrong on the performance front with John C. Reilly, Diego Luna or Maggie Gyllenhaal, but this one never really goes above average. 
bad Like deja vu all over again. 
bad Not smooth or seductive enough to coerce you into taking it at face value. 
bad even when the emotional aspect of the story starts to work, it is ultimately undermined by a final twist 
good A competent Americanization of the Argentinian film Nine Queens, with John C. Reilly seemingly enjoying his atypical leading role. 
bad Criminal can be praised and damned for its fidelity to the Argentinean masterpiece Nine Queens. 
bad If subtitles are not your thing and you're in the mood to witness an elegant con job in the classic Mamet mold, then Criminal is the card to play. 
fair ...newbies looking for an easy-breezy Ocean's Eleven-and-a-Half should get a kick out of this frugally low-key, innocuous cover song of a caper. 
bad The remake is infinitely more entertaining if you haven't seen Nine Queens -- the details are different, but the surprises are the same and something of the first film's underlying darkness has been lost in translation. 
good Maybe watching Reilly, Luna and Gyllenhaal is quite enough entertainment value for any movie. 
bad The problems lie not with the actors but with a glib approach that exposes the flaws of the original story. 
good The fast, forced plot, which moves up from street grifts to a big score involving rare currency, lives in the amusing and zippered byplay of Luna and Reilly, who achieve a sort of marriage du jour for criminal purposes. 
good It's a good film, suitably entertaining, but there's the nagging question of why everyone bothered. 
bad In the end, coincidence undoes Criminal. 
good Those unfamiliar with Fabian Bielinsky's 2002 film will delight to this delicious deviousness. 
bad The constant shadow of doubt keeps the viewer from investing in the characters, because we suspect one or more of them isn't what they seem. 
fair Entertaining and well acted, but redundant and a bit machinelike. 
good Doesn't exactly reinvigorate an overworked genre, but neither does it disgrace the format or the original movie. 
good It's such a pleasure being in the company of these actors as they work with character-rich material that if they burst into the audience and swindled us out of our wallets, we would gladly oblige. 
bad It's a listless, dutiful affair -- a cover version played out of obligation, not inspiration. 
good Its spiral of deceptions within deceptions remains resolutely character-based until the outlandish end, which proves emotionally satisfying because it's based on what really drives people as much as too-clever plotting. 
good An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams. 
bad This is the kind of movie so full of coincidence and double crosses that you simply don't have the mental energy to go back and sort it all out at the end. 
good What elevates Criminal into a delicious con in the league of Red Rock West, House of Games or Matchstick Men is John C. Reilly. 
fair Follows the original fairly closely, and because I already knew the plot secrets, it couldn't work on me in its intended way. As the recycled characters, dialog and events turned up, there seemed to be an echo in the room. 
bad Glances at family dynamics and class divisions benefit the genre mix, and the cast animates the lean script with a simmering brew of charm, smarm, ferocious greed and street smarts. 
good Reilly sheds a career playing dupes and schlubs and gives his first full-tilt electric performance. 
good Scores higher than most con artist movies by focusing more on the artists than the con. 
good Criminal has a wonderful modern film noir feel punctuated with incredibly clever dialog... 
bad It has half the panache and none of the surprise for anyone who saw the original. 
fair It's funny, fast-paced, and sharp - as entertaining in English as it was in Spanish. 
good a quirky daylight noir with a plot that spins on a dime as its twists and turns on its way to proving that it's greed, not love, that doth make fools of us all 
good We know someone is pulling something, and someone is going to get away with something, and someone is going to be left holding the bag of cheese, but Jacobs keeps us on our toes. 
fair Manages to satisfy despite being inferior to the original on nearly every level. 
fair John C. Reilly stars as a gimlet-eyed con man in this clever and diverting adaptation of the Argentine thriller Nine Queens. 
fair A light, speedy movie, as agreeably modest as a pop hit or a BLT. 
good Habitual duplicity and backstabbing create a stimulating, deceptively intricate plot maze in this sharp, shrewd, but not showy remake. 
good It's all done with sufficient style that, when we get there, the end no longer feels like the point. 
good The finest tribute I can lavish on this stateside remake of 2002's Argentinean export Nine Queens is that it took me a full hour to remember I had seen the original -- and reviewed it, no less. 
bad This remake of the Argentine hit is effective at times, and Gyllenhaal shows a new side of her talent, but the main impression is of first-rate performers doing second-rate work. 
very_good It's hip, witty and fun, and will remind you why movies are made in the first place. 
good It's an auspicious debut for first-timer Gregory Jacobs. 
very_good Fans of con-man capers will have no regrets after watching Criminal. 
bad Jacobs doesn't add anything new to the genre, but his version of taking the concepts out for a walk is entertaining enough to mark time until Ocean's Twelve. 
bad An exercise where viewers are likely to ponder not 'How did the characters do it?' but 'Who cares?' 
good The returns will be diminished for those too familiar with the story. 
bad an easy mark to make and a hard movie to sell to paying customers. 
very_bad A retread and it feels like it. 
good The result isn't as compelling as Nine Queens, but it's a respectable caper movie in the tradition of The Sting and David Mamet's Heist. 
good A classic crime caper that twists and turns with an easy subtly. 
good [Full of] fine acting and sharp dialog. 
fair By the end, those who haven't seen Nine Queens may applaud the entertaining sleight-of-hand...those who have may lament that Criminal is the proverbial old dog. 
bad The movie was made just four years ago by Argentinian director Fabian Bielinsky. It is called Nine Queens, and it is vastly superior to this blah U.S. remake from director Gregory Jacobs. 
very_bad Criminal's biggest offense may be that Jacobs and his actors make absolutely no attempt to rewrite Nine Queens. 
bad We got two and a half more months of crap to go before we get to the holiday/awards season. 
best All these funny, frenetic performances make for an enjoyable romp. 
very_good [An] inordinately clever, sprightly romantic comedy. 
good A triumph of talent and style over silliness. 
bad This romantic farce has a talented cast and energy to spare, but somehow the ingredients don't burn as brightly as one would expect from such promising ingredients. 
very_good In addition to Fiennes, who does a star-making job here, and the radiant Paltrow, Shakespeare in Love teems with wonderful performances. 
best Taking the writing process behind Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet as its inspiration, John Madden's follow-up to Mrs Brown combines contemporary humour with a convincing 16th-century setting. 
best Shakespeare in Love crackles with the in-jokey brilliance that we associate with the playwright Tom Stoppard.... And you don't have to be a Shakespeare scholar to appreciate this movie's wit and easygoing references to the entertainment world today. 
good Entertaining, witty and acutely funny, with the ability to appeal to more than Shakespeare buffs. But for real fans of the Bard, it's a glorious treat that's smart and humorous, with highly appealing performances all round. 
best A brilliant and witty script by Tom Stoppard is brought to life by a great cast. 
best Wastes no time setting itself up as a rowdy, colloquial piece of popular entertainment -- the furthest thing from a fussy biopic of the Bard. 
very_good Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard have written one of the year's smartest scripts, and Mrs. Brown director John Madden gets a chance to show a funny side that's previously been submerged. 
best It is clear that everyone in the film is having a great time with the material, and it is contagious. 
very_good Henslowe may be onto something when he jokes that all audiences want is love and a bit with the dog, but this film delivers much more. 
very_good A sumptuous fictional glimpse into the creative mind of one of history's most brilliant theatrical minds. 
good It's the performances which push this to a very high level. 
very_good Shakespeare in Love moves fast, and may deserve multiple viewings. It's a delicious feast of lowbrow and highbrow mixed with romance. 
fair The greatest enjoyment of the film is for those who are familiar with Shakespeare's plays. 
very_good A tale of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy. 
best Shakespeare In Love is funny, tragic, romantic... I love it; should I count the ways? 
very_good Shakespeare in Love is a great date movie; that rarest of 'chick flicks' that all can enjoy. Even crabby cynics. 
best This film is very entertaining, and it's the most sophisticated and mature romance of the year. 
good Hardly deserving of 13 Oscar nominations and 7 Oscars, this film is nevertheless an entertaining bit of fluff. 
very_good Seems the Bard is badly blocked. 
good la pasion como elemento creativo y fundamento para vivir 
best This is a joyous and quite brilliant comedy. 
good ...it works wonderfully, giving audiences that wouldn't normally sit through an Elizabethan play the chance to understand and be amused by something fairly close. 
best Given slight twistings and tweakings for a 1990s audience, this Shakespeare is true to its inspirational muse without taking itself too seriously. 
best Shakespeare in Love has to be one of the most irresistible movies I have ever seen. 
best One of the many brilliant twists in Shakespeare in Love is how it treats its protagonists' love with both utter sincerity and an ironic wink. 
good Shakespeare in Love is not a great film, but it's an excuse to have an evening of pure enjoyment with a little culture painlessly mixed in. 
best I was carried along by the wit, the energy and a surprising sweetness. 
good A rom-com with added smarts for the literature scholars, which doesn't alienate everyone else. 
very_good The film's humor ranges from the wonderfully intellectual to snarky movie and theater in-jokes, from sight gags to rapid-fire, reference-laden dialogue. 
very_good Takes us out of ourselves, immerses us in another world, introduces us to people we'd love to call friends and tells us a story we can't forget. 
best Cheers all around for such an inspired tale about inspiration. 
very_good Not merely a period piece, Shakespeare in Love is the rival of many a modern-day romantic comedy. 
best The stars have done their job with devastatingly good aplomb. 
very_good Shakespeare has now finally arrived onscreen... in the right hands -- those of director John Madden and stars Joseph Fiennes and Gwyneth Paltrow. 
best The script will sweep you away. 
best Shakespeare in Love is one of those great movies, the kind of film that makes me clack away furiously at my keyboard, telling people just how much I loved this movie. 
best With glittering shows of erudition and playfulness, Shakespeare in Love mixes history, fiction, comedy and romance to create a pure joy of a movie! 
good A frothy romantic comedy that is equally nourished with truisms of historic lore and modern sensibility. 
very_good Easily the best comedy of the year. 
best The cast is near perfect. 
best A rollicking good time, full of genuine emotional pull and incandescent acting, and anchored by a passionate love for the theatre itself that puts to shame most human liaisons. 
very_good The writing is brilliant; the acting is masterful; the direction is breathtaking; the costumes are beautiful; and every little detail in the film is charming and witty. 
best The most deliciously witty film of the year. 
good One would have to be a melancholy Dane not to enjoy Shakespeare in Love's ample pleasures. 
good Visually elegant. 
best If, for the playwright himself, all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players, then this splendrous new movie gives as much of his world as a simple stage or screen can hold. 
best Shakespeare in Love is a wonder to behold, and to cherish. 
very_good A comedy that Shakespeare would truly be proud to have his name in lights above. 
very_good Like any good Shakespearean work, Shakespeare in Love is filled with love, sex, villainy, despair, tears, sword fights, men dressed as women, women dressed as men, buffoonery, ribald humor, intimidating penmanship...and a dog! 
very_good Shakespeare in Love is a luminous, entertaining tale. 
very_good There's more to the film than just making light of Shakespeare's early career. 
best At last, a juicy, funny, romantic comedy -- aimed at adults! 
bad Don't let the hype fool ya, cause this puppy pees just like the rest of them! 
very_bad A thin, predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books. 
very_bad Western spoof that falls off the saddle too many times. 
best [Do the Right Thing is] an exceptional film, a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood. Like the film's principals, you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live. 
best This might sound like a depressing story, but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning. 
very_good The movie's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made. 
bad It's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil, as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth. 
best [A] movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single, brightly bedecked, booby-trapped package. 
bad Sure, the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York, but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed. 
best Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating. 
best A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989. 
best A towering achievement in American cinema, Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis. [Blu-ray] 
best Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock, like Nashville to Robert Altman, like Playtime to Jacques Tati, Lee's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator's artistic command. 
good A pulsating homage to life on New York's streets, achieved thanks to Lee's sleepless eye, but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism, too. 
good A tour-de-force for Spike Lee 
best Spike's greatest film to date. Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it. 
best spike lee's masterpiece 
good Who expected this to be its director's last really terrific film? 
best Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made. 
best Made me love Spike. 
very_good A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world. There are no absolute heroes or villains. There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace. 
best The movie confronts racism head-on, with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures. Lee does not pander to political correctness, nor does he sermonize. 
best You can't afford not to see this modern masterpiece. 
best Roger Ebert points out that this film, which honestly (and sometimes graphically) explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations, was probably the best movie of 1989. I would have a hard time disagreeing. 
best I think it's Spike's best. Loud, honest, angry entertainment. 
good This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious. 
very_good Has the greatness necessary to embrace its contradictions 
best This film changed the way I looked at movies. 
best Plays like a pot of boiling water, eventually bursting and spilling over for a shocking and brilliant climax 
best Comes closer to reflecting the current state of race relations in America than any other movie of our time 
good George Arliss vehicle is pretty stagey, but worth seeing for his title performance. 
very_bad good in its day; too stagy and hammy for today's audiences and tastes 
bad Weighed down by a terribly outdated acting style and leaden direction, but George Arliss's Oscar-winning performance makes it watchable. 
good It's as much horseplay as swordplay and, altogether, a witty delight. 
good Rightly regarded as one of the peaks of Kaye's career. 
good A flawlessly executed, beautifully designed genre parody. 
good A cracking jest, wonderfully enjoyable. 
best Terrific family fun. 
bad If Danny Kaye doesn't find you wishing you had a gun on you, this is one of his better efforts. 
fair The film has a few classic moments. 
good The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story? 
good This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before. 
very_bad Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me. 
fair It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already. 
good That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is. 
terrible Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes. Something in your heart breaks. Your childhood, perhaps? 
fair ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot... 
bad Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before. 
bad Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition. 
very_bad A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking. 
terrible The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them? 
bad Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way. 
good A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding. 
very_bad For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was. 
bad Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood. 
bad Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil. 
bad Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more. 
good ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda. 
bad A head trip into blunderland. 
very_bad Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead. 
bad Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati 
good Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time. 
good Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults. 
very_bad La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja. 
terrible What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess 
bad Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity. 
very_bad Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril. 
very_good This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date. 
fair Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting. 
good Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit" 
bad Quite tiresome in the end. 
bad I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing. 
bad Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien. 
very_bad The fact remains -- Alice doesn't live here anymore. 
good It's something like a post-modern tale of self-discovery, although it works better as a nutty fantasy than as anything with a point. 
good Pese al flojo argumento, visualmente el filme es una fiesta, rescatando el oscuro estilo Burtoniano pero asaltado ahora por la rebeldia del color en una direccion de arte realmente preciosista. En este contexto, la realizacion brillantemente hace justicia 
good (Burton)is the perfect person to put in charge of translating the magical world that Carroll created to the big screen. 
fair Alice, a wonder to behold, but cold. 
very_bad Tim Burton's latest assault on the senses is partially redeemed by Johnny Depp's brilliant acting. 
very_good ...enormously entertaining...Depp gives a performance that must be seen to be appreciated. He shows here that he is something special. 
very_good I didn't find it to be the masterpiece I'd hoped for. It's good. It's very good -- and there are flashes of greatness within it. 
very_bad Great visuals, but lacking in story. 
very_bad If there was one adjective I could pick to describe this new adaptation, it would be "dispirited" 
best 21st Century Alice matures and enters The Matrix! 
fair The visual splendor is more than enough to feast your eyes on, so it's too bad that the dialogue in the film couldn't live up to its look. 
terrible Alice in Wonderland reminds me most of Sleepy Hollow: empty, faux-atmospheric, and without soul. 
good I appreciate Burton's love for the characters as he expresses it through such creative wizardry. But, then, I also have a wistful feeling over the lightness of its total affect. A delicious snack but not quite a full meal. 
bad Alice in Wonderland is a lovely display of Tim Burton's amazing offbeat aesthetics which win me over every time, but sadly doesn't make for very much of a film. 
bad The off-kiltered Tim Burton version of Alice in Wonderland might frightened younger children, confuse older ones and bore the adults. 
best These aren't actors working in front of blue screens with obvious effects dubbed in later. You really are in Wonderland. Real life and CGI are seamless. 
bad Lower your expectations, because Tim Burton has created a great canvas, just not a great film. 
fair ...a feast for the mind, if not necessarily the intellect 
fair This Alice is more Ripley, or Lara Croft, than timeless story heroine. 
fair If you're taking pulls from the Blue Caterpillar's hookah atop his magic mushroom, you care more about Hot Pockets than narrative integrity. 
fair The movie's strengths are the costumes, the makeup, the production design, the special effects, the vocal work and a terrific musical score by Danny Elfman that has a quality of magic and wonderment missing from the screenplay. 
bad The images rival anything Burton has created for 'Big Fish' and 'Edward Scissorhands,' but the storytelling isn't quite as engagingly odd. 
good Alice is a really good time, as well as a great example of how 3-D can be effectively used as a tool to immerse us in imaginary worlds. 
terrible a new story out of Carroll's mythmaking that fails to inspire interest, perhaps except as a rote exercise in mainstream weirdness. 
very_bad ...the visuals are overwhelming, the direction to most of the cast seems to be to chew the scenery, and we're back to a movie being released in 3D for no discernible reason. 
very_bad Rather than a Wonderland full of terrifying adventures and deliciously absurd whimsy, Burton has created the Underland, a place of terrifyingly, yet lugubrious, bad filmmaking. He dispensed with the whimsy altogether. 
fair A visually stimulating rendition that nevertheless comes off as lamentably timid. 
terrible There is very little to praise in what amounts to Burton's most mercenary movie. 
good He [director Tim Burton] beat the odds and made this Alice a real wonder. 
bad Every bit of havoc and nonesuch is put in service of the story of Alice's feminist awakening, and it's about as exciting as it sounds. 
bad It's become a common argument against Burton, this lack of dramatic drive, but it's true in this instance. 
fair The beguiling Wasikowska tethers the arcane anarchy with weight and emotional clarity, anchoring us as moviegoers to Alice's plight in both universes, up and under. 
very_bad Its single biggest failing -- an affront to Lewis Carroll and the charms of nonsense literature -- is the fact that it makes sense. 
bad It's very cool to look at, Depp is entertaining, Helena Bonham Carter is memorably crazy, and the too-conventional you-go-girl plotline is just an add-on to the visual cake. 
fair Despite its flaws, Wonderland is stuffed with more minute to minute amusement than you're likely to get in anything else drifting through theaters, in or out of the third dimension. 
good The true three-dimensionality here is the old-fashioned kind -- Wasikowska's fully rounded performance. Throughout the technical razzle-dazzle, we keep returning to the pallor of that face, the gravity in those eyes. 
very_bad The picture is oddly flat -- a disjointed pageant of virtuoso effects. It's a triumph of design that falls short of wonderment. 
bad Visually stunning and sporadically amusing, but lacks thrills, heart and cleverness. It's ultimately too scary for little kids and too unimaginative, pedestrian and bland for grown-ups. 
good Despite its sluggish start, "Alice" is an enchanting, witty and funny adventure filled with marvelous sights and set pieces. 
good All new 3-D Alice story is trippy and intense. 
best Burton and Disney have found a glorious way to interpret fairy tales and fantasies. 
very_bad Purists will be perplexed and the average moviegoer ultimately disinterested by director Tim Burton's pedestrian spin of Lewis Carroll's 1865 classic. 
very_bad It jumbles together a half-dozen or so other overproduced fantasies and wraps them up with typical, tiresome Disney bromides and just enough snippets from the originals to remind you of what you're missing. 
good Burton brings his distinctive touch and Johnny Depp, Mia Wasikowska and Helena Bonham Carter do their stuff but a hodgepodge of Hollywood conventionality lessens the wonder. 
very_good There are certain cine-marriages that generate an indelible spark all their own. Tracy & Hepburn, Bogie & Bacall -- and now we get Tim Burton & 3D, creating the world we hoped for, and so much more. 
very_good The trippy tale may divide audiences -- Burton's version remains a children's story, though some may find it too over-the-top and idiosyncratic -- but to Us, it's a visual feast 
fair a decent movie, but not the amazing, mindblowing, set the world on fire, change your life and curl your toes film people expect and want. 
bad This Alice is a dud. If you want to experience a strange, unworldly story%u2014something like Tim Burton films used to provide%u2014stay home and read the book. 
bad Much of Carroll's magical nonsense remains, even if Burton's film wobbles at the gates of anarchy and ends up being a more average affair than many might expect. 
good Such a delightfully giddy, silly, delirious movie. Tim Burton isn't being "Tim Burton" but is just having fun again, scrambling up the expected pieces 
very_bad Disney family fun with the odd carefully calculated dark patch. Fine on its own terms, but a let-down given the talent involved. Disappointinger and disappointinger. 
very_bad I can't rid myself of the feeling that for all the funkily crepuscular mood that Burton creates, this is a pretty conventional work. 
fair Rated PG, according to the MPAA, for fantasy violence and 'a smoking caterpillar.' The Jefferson Airplane would be proud; Lewis Carroll devotees, however, may be less than enthusiastic... 
good Impressive eye-candy, elaborate and gorgeously detailed in wall-to-wall CGI (the 3-D seems rather half-hearted though; this is one that won't suffer much in regular old 2-D). 
bad The episodic nature of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland doesn't really lend itself to traditional three-act plotting, but screenwriter Linda Woolverton puts Alice through her Joseph Campbell reluctant-hero paces, and none of it ever sparks. 
good If it could be bottled up, the label would read "watch me." 
good A sumptuous, bar-raising cinematic portmanteau that both honors and complements the source material. 
fair The film is like eating an amazing peanut butter and jelly sandwich except that Tim Burton forgot to cut off the crust. The beginning and the end could have been cut out. 
very_bad The wavering tone is as uncertain as Alice's decision-making, while the added-on 3-D is a distraction and as unconvincing as the entire misconceived venture. 
terrible What's shocking about Alice in Wonderland is just how woefully conventional it all is. 
bad Is Alice In Wonderland worth seeing? Yes, because it's a feast for the eyes. But the story needed to be more imaginative and involving for this to become a massive hit, and it's far from obvious whether it's aimed at children or adults. 
very_bad Burton doesn't just hit the bottom of the barrel but drills through the wood and starts tunnelling. Its only saving grace are the arresting, if familiar, visuals. 
bad It's nowhere near his best work but a superb voice cast, Helena Bonham Carter and a few moments of brilliance see it through. 
fair It is time for Tim Burton to get his nose out of his own sketchbook. 
terrible You cannot believe the dreadfulness of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland - gifted director takes on gaga script - until you see it. Enchantment has gone thataway. 
very_good IBurton and Woolverton pursue a message of self-fulfilment, not as vigorously as they might chase a rabbit but to the same delightful end. 
very_bad Burton, once a master of CGI, has gradually become its servant, or at least has allowed the studio to. The madcap ringmaster of Gothic phantasmagoria does not exert his individual stamp on a book one might have thought he was born to film. 
fair CGI has not been good to Tim Burton. The ability to see every unrestrained nuance of his vision fulfilled has robbed his films of the creative zest and inventive verve which marked his earlier classics. 
bad Burton's Alice In Wonderland joins the ranks of Return To Oz and Hook in confirming that it's rarely a good idea to return to the scene of a classic novel unless you have something new and exciting to bring. 
bad After the first 45 minutes, the film becomes as tedious as Johnny Depp's accent. 
good This magical world looks fantastic, especially in 3D. 
good It's a workmanlike effort that will enchant all but the youngest children while holding the interest of parents. That, by definition, makes for a worthwhile family outing. 
very_bad You would think that a director like Burton would be at home in the Lewis Carroll universe, and maybe that is part of the problem. 
good Faithful to Lewis Carroll's vision or not, I liked the ride Tim Burton took me on here. 
bad A regretful dud, a fantasy without magic and very little heart and soul. 
fair Did Burton get bored in Wonderland? The end result is a movie that is decently enjoyable escapism, but entirely forgettable in the long run. 
bad this parable of how Alice must find the balls to chart her own path through the patriarchy of her Victorian wood to become a real, bona fide, 1960s-era bra-burner. 
very_bad It's more of a blunder than a wonder. 
bad An exotic adventure tale about a young woman's trip to an alternate reality and the testing of her will power, resourcefulness, and courage in the face of weirdness and danger. 
fair Burton, one of the great visual artists in Hollywood history, is incapable of making an uninteresting movie. Still, I'm not looking forward to the sequel promised in the last scene. 
fair Even Disney and a PG rating can't bury Burton's subversive wit. Like Carroll, he's a master at dressing up psychic wounds in fantasy. 
bad Indecision haunts every frame. The result is a clattering, hectic spectacle that by the end has run out of inspiration. It's a home for abandoned ideas. 
best A, my name is Alice, and my movie is amazing. 
very_good Though it has a few moments where you can see Burton's imagination giving way to Disney convention, along with a bit of trademark Burton darkness, the pleasures of Alice are virtually always unexpected. 
good Carroll purists are likely to dismiss this Alice as spuriouser and spuriouser. But who expects a faithful adaptation of a literary classic from Timothy Beetlejuice? 
bad The sweetly surreal feeling of those original books has been lost. What always felt like an English garden party gone slightly off has been replaced by the grotesque and the Gothic and the overdone. 
good In many respects, this is the most crowd-pleasing Burton film in many years. 
fair Visually fascinating yet perturbing and scary, it's not a very young children's movie, despite the PG rating. 
bad In its big-budget extraordinariness, Alice is awfully...ordinary. 
bad A disappointment that's still worth seeing, Alice in Wonderland lands near the higher end of Burton's lesser work. 
very_bad It's just hard to know why Mr. Burton, who doesn't seem much interested in Alice, bothered. 
terrible Combines the heavy-handed clamminess of unneeded brand remarketing with the hateful hollowness of overdone and empty computer-generated imagery. ... With Burton's uninspired, underdone and underwritten version, you only feel like you're watching money. 
good Burton treats his material with abandon, but not contempt, and he has brought his Mad Hatter's imagination to a new generation who have not yet read the books. 
bad This Wonderland is just listless, bland and derivative -- a mere technical undertaking from a disinterested filmmaker. 
bad Sadly Lewis lite and not without flaws but this is as Burtonesque as one could wish for, a real treat for fans of his twisted imagination and great British character actors. 
very_bad unfulfilling 
fair The film is always fun, but as Carroll might have observed, it's not much of a muchness. 
bad What a letdown. 
very_bad One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills Tim Burton gives you don't do very much at all. 
good [Depp's] wide eyes and high whimsy feel a bit derivative of his Willy Wonka (another collaboration with Burton), but he invests so much of his ample energy and instinct in these roles that it's hard to complain. 
bad The most wondrous thing about director Tim Burton's take on the Lewis Carroll classic is how lacking in wonder it all is. 
bad "Frabjous" may be a word Carroll invented, but Burton knows just what it means, at least in his own mind. He's clearly excited to invite us inside, and as long as you're open to so much muchness, you'll be very glad he did. 
very_bad Considering what a to-do this massively budgeted entertainment is, that doesn't add up to much. "Curiouser and curiouser," indeed. 
terrible It might be time for Johnny Depp and Tim Burton to start thinking about seeing other people. 
bad A stiff movie ... finds a way to make a lot of really weird stuff surprisingly boring. 
bad Here's a riddle: What's Alice in Wonderland without wonder? It's a beloved character landing in the rubble of wrong-headed revisionism. 
bad Did no one bother to mention to Burton that Lewis Carroll's 1865 story was not a Lord of the Rings primer but, in fact, a comedy? 
bad Tim Burton's creative juices run dry in a decidedly boring and bland interpretation of Alice in Wonderland. 
good A sharply detailed, wondrously three-dimensional fantasy in which its maker intuitively grasps so much of what's good about the tale while simultaneously blind to what makes it great. 
fair Alice in Wonderland isn't quite the natural fit of director and material that it seemed to be on paper, but most of Burton's recent movies have been far more disappointing. 
good Its best and strangest interludes assert Burton's skills as a fantasist, as well as Depp's as a squirrely, inventive character actor. 
good Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails. 
bad Alice in Wonderland is something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the effects and performances but it's badly let down by a very disappointing script. 
bad An entirely suitable marriage of material and filmmaker. 
bad Amid the visual pleasures, the plot additions feel limiting. 
fair Tweedlee and Tweedledum could have come up with a more compelling pseudo-sequel concept and crafted a more cohesive narrative. 
good Purists will squeal, but it's a workable and watchable liberty to take with an oft-filmed yet impossible to film novel. 
good Carroll purists and freshman English majors may be aghast at the change in story, but for those who watched Avatar and marveled at the images but were left wanting by the wooden acting and tired story, Alice is a treat. 
bad It's as though the script meeting was held at the Mad Hatter's tea party, with all the ideas put in teacups and thrown against the wall - all of them seem to have stuck but in no particular order. 
bad Kids will drool at Burton's spectacle - grown-ups too - but they might also find this isn't the nostalgia trip they hoped for. Where's the bottle marked 'Feel Me'? 
good A wildly inventive film straitjacketed in conventional narrative form. 
good Although the simplistic plot has been done before and smacks of Narnia and Lord Of The Rings, Burton's Alice In Wonderland is family fantasy/adventure at its Gothic best. 
bad The visual inventiveness in this film is so impressive that it almost makes up for the ill-conceived script, which tries to turn Lewis Carroll's classic tales into a Lord of the Rings-sized post-apocalyptic adventure epic. 
very_bad The most curious thing about this magical realist fable is how charmless and ultimately forgettable it turns out to be in the hands of Tim Burton. 
very_bad A bore and an affront to anyone who is even familiar with the concept of Lewis Carroll and his books. 
bad Curiouser and curiouser -- but then, mixing fantasy and free enterprise has always been the Disney way. 
bad The challenge of reinventing Alice in Wonderland sees Tim Burton reinvigorated and refreshed. Visually stunning and filled with a delightfully deranged group of inhabitants, Burton's immensely enjoyable Wonderland is well worth a visit. 
bad Wasikowska is a standout in the title role. And, as to be expected, Depp thrives as the Mad Hatter. 
bad It's a shame Burton gets his Lewis Carroll mixed up with his Tolkien and CS Lewis. Still, the film's 3D visuals are fun to look at. 
good An explosion in the crazy factory, the giddy Alice in Wonderland more than justifies its hype. 
very_good ...it is The Red Queen, played by Bonham Carter that shines the brightest. Her childlike villain is brilliantly played in all its giant head glory 
bad There's a lot to look at in Burton's Alice in Wonderland, but nothing that's worth remembering. 
fair Tim Burton's version of Alice in Wonderland is a succession of fantastically gothic pranks--noisy, exhausting, and under-realized, but also frequently dazzling and frightening. 
bad People who enjoy high fantasy like Carroll's classic work are more than happy to experience the insanity, but don't necessarily want to be driven insane themselves. 
terrible A bona fide, bums-in-the-air fiasco that needs to be burned and the ashes hurtled off in the direction of the nearest black hole as soon as you can, NASA. 
very_bad Suffering from a severe deficiency of wonder, this Alice is by turns loud, lifeless and lacklustre, and so what should have been the perfect marriage of moviemaker and material instead does justice to neither. 
bad You're not going to lose yourself in the story or the characters but visually Alice in Wonderland is a series of moving artworks that are a joy to gaze upon despite lacking any depth, even in 3D. 
very_bad Tim Burton tosses $150 million down the rabbit hole with this gorgeously rendered -- but utterly disposable -- CGI epic. 
very_good Director Tim Burton returns to his 'A' game with this magnificent, visually stunning movie that is not only one of his best, it is indeed a wonder. 
good The closest you'll get to absolute madness without being locked in a room with padded walls...a wondrous piece of escapism. 
good Alice in Wonderland is a lovingly filmed and meticulously crafted interpretation of Lewis Carroll's treasured tale, rife with fantasy, coated in gothic iconography and presented by a superb cast who nail their characters' portraits. 
fair A terrific combination of action, mystery and adventure 
fair Mystery-train thriller chills, then goes off the rails. 
good Although it doesn't go as far as Strangers on a Train, TransSiberian is worth the ride. 
good as Hitchcockian thrillers go, it's one of the smarter and more absorbing ones made in recent years 
bad Unfortunately, there's never a moment where you can't see Anderson and his co-writer, Will Conroy, yanking on the strings. 
good hearkens back to those glorious tales of intrigue and adventure that populated film screens in the 30s and 40s. 
bad It effectively keeps us in the dark as to where the story is eventually heading, allowing the film to deliver enough suspense to produce some serious hang-wringing. 
fair Transsiberian is more than a rote thriller; it's also a sharp character study... actually, several studies in which the information about each character is slowly revealed and every scrap of knowledge further informs our understanding of the plot. 
good As Alfred Hitchcock demonstrated three times, trains make a nifty setting for a thriller. 
good Anderson uses snowy locations to impose a chilly menace on the characters, and the script ratchets the tension at a sneakily measured pace. 
bad ...a tight and terse thriller. 
good Transsiberian has more twists and turns in it than the real-life, extensive train route that gives this independently produced suspense-thriller its name. 
bad The limitations of its human characters aside, the movie has a terrific feel for the chilly, remote, attentively portrayed character of its environment. 
good Paranoia is right on track in this sinister, trapped-on-a-train thriller. 
very_good Takes a more cerebral route, toying with your expectations only to give you something else, whispering hints of what fate might have in store for the characters after the credits roll. 
good This diverting effort from writer/director Brad Anderson is a generally satisfying fish-out-of-water thriller in which two squeaky-clean Americans find themselves caught up in a web of death, drugs and disappearances. 
good Transsiberian is a model of audience manipulation, a slow-fuse thriller that builds its suspense gradually, in increments, until it has becomes close to unbearable. Then it pushes things just a little further, until you're squirming in your seat. 
fair This is not to say that Transsiberian is wall-to-wall dread. Once it gets going...it delivers enough electricity to keep us right near, if not completely on, the edge of our seats. 
very_good Transsiberian is fantastic. 
good Writer/director Brad Anderson gives us an artful, shifty-eyed take on human strengths and weakness; his film delivers the pleasure of a conventional tale well told, with clever twists and complex characters. 
good Transsiberian is a paranoid, chilling train trek that borrows freely from the best Hitchcock pictures to give us that rare adult summer thriller -- 'adult' as in not based on a comic book or video game. 
best Some might think this film is unbelievable, and they're right. But, Hitchcock films aren't either. They're just fun rollercoaster rides, so check your brain at the door and have a blast. 
good A morally complex if plot-wobbly thriller set on the Trans-Siberian Express as it rockets (well, creaks and groans) through snowy forests and forgotten towns. 
very_good Transsiberian starts in neutral, taking the time to introduce its characters, and then goes from second into high like greased lightning. I was a little surprised to notice how thoroughly it wound me up. This is a good one. 
good Transsiberian shows there's plenty of life left in the 'strangers on a train' genre. 
good It's got that classic thriller feel where characters are slowly caught in a mousetrap and they have to find their way out. It's a slow, menacing burn. 
good The patient viewer should find Trannsiberian to be a rewarding experience. Hitch would be proud. 
bad A movie whose inspiration comes straight from the DNA of some of Hitchcock's finest classics, Anderson's latest is a languid, sometimes engaging thriller that unfortunately fails to elevate those existing cliches and conventions beyond the parameters of w 
very_good A queasy-making train thriller directed with vibrant visual panache by Brad Anderson. 
fair A well mounted, character-cognizant combination of Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train and Andrei Konchalovskys existentially tinged Runaway Train. 
fair Modest thriller set aboard the titular train plays like low-suspense Hitchcock until sadly, in the last act, it derails. 
good The execution is masterful and even as you see the building blocks of the climax being put into place, it's a delight to watch them fit just so. 
fair Transsiberian makes provocative connections between external and internal states, the ways that composition can reveal character. 
bad A handsomely remodeled variation of a cherished genre you might call the mystery-train movie. 
bad The cramped, cold setting creates an appropriately ominous atmosphere, and while Mortimer and Harrelson are noticeably mismatched, their journey together is compelling enough to make the ride worthwhile. 
good An atmospheric, Hitchcockian thriller set aboard a famed train route, Brad Anderson's Transsiberian is a genuine sleeper that jump-starts an almost extinct genre. 
good Enjoyable train-based thriller with strong performances, gorgeous photography and some enjoyable dashes of Hitchcock scattered liberally throughout. 
good Even if you've seen lots of movies of this type and can figure out exactly what's going to happen, Anderson takes great pleasure in the pure form and execution of it. 
fair Mortimer's portrayal of dubious grace under pressure and an action-packed third act balance out the film's shortcomings. 
bad Transsiberian is a film that fails to make us care enough to be concerned about the peril faced by its protagonists. 
fair Transsiberian eventually reveals itself to be scatterbrained thematically. 
fair A unique picture that left me feeling -- for the first time in a very long time -- like I'd actually been in another place, another world...so very different from my own. 
bad A missionary couple with unresolved marital problems falls prey to corrupt cops and horny heroin smugglers in Transsiberian, a decent thriller that derails only during a preposterous finale. 
good While not the most original of thrillers, Transsiberian nevertheless provides enough unexpected twists and turns to make for a pleasant ride. 
good Clearly inspired by a few of Hitchcock's 'train-bound' movies, Transsiberian doesn't break a lot of new ground, but it does tell a slick story in a very chilly setting. 
fair Whenever you may think you know where things are going, Anderson throws a number of clever and unexpected twists that keeps you on your toes. 
good ...the film has aged surprisingly well in the years since its 1957 release. 
very_good There is real value is how it allows each member of the cultural mosaic of a jury to develop into distinct, damaged, and interesting characters 
best Too few films take on the art of arguing as a subject; we could certainly use more of them, but until then, Lumet's window into strained civic duty will continue to serve mightily. 
best The film takes a confined, almost completely banal real-world location and makes it completely dynamic, using incredibly nimble camera movements to establish character motivation and theme. 
very_good This was Sidney Lumet's first movie and it's as riveting as it was back in the late 50s, when everything was changing. 
best an incisive and gripping film 
best Outstanding Henry Fonda jury classic. 
good A brilliant courtroom drama whose strength lies within the power of Rose's words and Sidney Lumet's great direction (his debut). 
very_good taut, well-crafted sociological study 
best Every bit the classic it's been made out to be for all these years. 
best Power house jury room drama w/cast of memorable actors. 
best Sidney Lumet's feature directing debut is a brilliant courtroom drama, with a superlative cast that includes Henry Fonda, Martin Balsam, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, and E.G. Marshall. 
best A masterful work of debate and dialogue; of shifting momentum and the ideal of sticking to your scruples in the face of antagonistic groupthink. 
good This film is a great combination of an adult theme and the treatment suitable for younger audience. 
best Ainda que se passe em um unico ambiente, esta obra-prima possui um alcance emocional imensuravel - e e incrivel que tenha sido o primeiro longa-metragem de Lumet. 
best One-room dramas don't get much better than this 
very_good Although it may sound ungallant, these 12 Angry Men, are all right without distaff glamour. Their dramas are powerful and provocative enough to keep a viewer spellbound. 
best An intense concentration of power, and my all-time favourite film. 
good Sidney Lumet's debut feels a bit stagy but is never short on tension. 
best This is a film where tension comes from personality conflict, dialogue and body language, not action. 
best Pure dynamite in movie form. 
good Cinema heresy that worked. 
best While the composition of juries might change over time, the issues and attitudes that are explored here are timeless, as is this classic film. 
best In a time of bloated when special effects have become the real stars, going back to a classic like this can remind viewers what movie making is supposed to be about -- acting. 
very_good Completely deserved its high status of undisputed classic. 
fair Has good momentum and it's not actively unpleasant to look at, which sets it well on the right side of the bell curve of modern American comedy. 
fair A solid buddy-cop action-comedy that draws all its energy from Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, who are flat-out funny and fun to watch. 
bad the relationship between McCarthy and Bullock is spot on and makes the film worth watching 
good There's no getting away from the fact that The Heat is lightweight and derivative, but its formulas have been freshened just enough to make it fun. With Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock on board, that's enough. 
very_good The sparks that fly between the two have that much more sting, thanks to the acidically hilarious banter and Bullock and McCarthy's complete, fearless abandon. 
very_bad Poor production values, shoddy editing and too many cliches cool off a seen-it-all before comedy that even Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy can't save. 
good But it's heartbreaking to watch McCarthy and Bullock work so hard to such little profit ... This is a movie that doesn't once do the unexpected thing. 
bad It's ultimately clear that there's simply not enough plot to justify The Heat's absurdly overlong running time... 
very_good Director Paul Feig, whose Bridesmaids upended notions of what a raunchy ensemble comedy could be, does it again here with another genre. 
good It's the 'Bad Girls' who rule now! 
good This terrific vehicle for the perfectly mismatched comic stylings of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy isn't a hilarious girl-power trip. It's simply hilarious. 
good The plot follows a standard formula, but the simple gender twist and great casting keep things sizzling. 
fair Miss Congeniality shows up The Other Guys in this riotously funny buddy-cop comedy, which overcomes its silly script with the ingenious pairing of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy. 
good The Heat is lean, mean and completely uninterested in anything that isn't funny. 
fair Prepare for some hilarious laugh enforcement, Sandra Bullock proves to be the perfect foil to the uproarious Melissa McCarthy, who is fast becoming the funniest performer in cinema. 
good A good cop/bad cop action comedy with the funniest two-women-above-the-title pairing in memory. 
good Bullock and McCarthy have terrific chemistry and elevate the simple-minded material with their riffing and adept physical comedy. 
bad Watchable buddy comedy enlivened by a pair of strong comic performances from its two leads, though it's also far too indulgent of McCarthy's ad-libbing and feels a good twenty minutes too long. 
bad The film then lives and dies by how funny each individual scene manages to be. Some hit the mark, others do not. 
bad The bland visuals and point-and-shoot directorial style mean that not much sticks in the mind, but 'The Heat II' would be an entirely welcome proposition. 
bad Good for a few chalk-and-cheese chuckles but no real belly laughs. 
bad If you've never seen the point of Sandra Bullock, watch this. 
bad A genuinely funny, worthy successor to Bridesmaids, solidifying McCarthy as a rare comedic talent and potentially laying the way for more left-field lady-led comedy. 
bad Marks another successful barge into Hollywood's boys-only territory from director Paul Feig, who is proving to be the most significant director of women in Hollywood right now. 
bad It takes a while for The Heat to warm up, but after about 30 minutes of straining-for-effect comedy, this buddy cop vehicle for Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy proves a much funnier proposition than the thinness of its premise suggests. 
very_bad The screenplay, by Parks and Recreation writer Katie Dippold, is gunning to be a female Lethal Weapon or 48 Hours. Unhappily, this includes slovenly plots about tracking down drug lords to warehouse hideouts, and jackhammer banter. 
bad The cruder gags won't win everyone over, but McCarthy and Bullock's chemistry helps paper over the plot cracks and there's enough situation comedy to entertain. 
bad There's one reason to see this movie, and it's name is Sandrissa McBullock. 
good The script is sharply funny, with the contrasting styles (what is this, "Training Day?," Bullock asks as McCarthy attempts to bond with a drug dealer) of both leads front and center. 
bad It's down to the two leads to charm their way through the cliches. They half manage it. 
bad First names are, of course, never used because they're out-menning the men in every department, including misogynist asides and police brutality - by the end of the runtime you wonder why they bothered casting women at all. 
bad Borrowing heavily and unashamedly from the buddy-cop movie formula perfected by the Lethal Weapon, Bad Boys and Beverly Hills Cop franchises, Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy team up for an enjoyable, ultra-predictable, totally disposable comedy romp. 
good The Heat takes a standard male action/comedy template, the odd couple cop movie, and blows it up with an estrogen bomb named Melissa McCarthy. 
fair Feig's indifference to craft hurts the movie ... but he knows funny, and he gives his actors plenty of room to work. 
bad A reminder of Bullock's comedic talents and one of the best female comedic pairings since Tina Fey met Amy Poehler. 
good McCarthy delivers her profanity-laced lines with an aggressive force that feels amazingly natural, and her put-downs and insults derive a particularly strong comic vibe by bouncing off Bullock's pinched straight-woman routine. 
fair There are only two reasons to see The Heat. But they are formidable reasons, and they go by the names of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy. 
very_good Bullock and McCarthy are so comedically in sync that iffy jokes become funny, and funny jokes become hilarious. 
bad Bullock/McCarthy are a great comic combo; with a few tweeks it could have been a better movie 
bad The Heat runs really hot in fiery bursts of filthy and physical female comedy; but trying to even pay lip service to this husk of a story for its two hour running time really makes for a polarising view. 
good Yes, it's a cop-buddy film, and of course there is a case to be solved. But nobody cares about the familiarity of the premise. You get the sense that Paul Feig doesn't care either. 
good A funny new take on one of Hollywood's biggest cliches. 
very_bad I chuckled once. 
fair The good news is that McCarthy and Bullock are often hilarious together, so you don't have to worry about the story. The filmmakers didn't. 
best Don't be surprised to shed a few tears as the curtain comes down on this tale of female empowerment about a pair of polar-opposite lady lawmen who set aside their differences to get their man while forging an enduring friendship worthy of a sequel. 
good A hysterical comedy, this Paul Feig production is a worthy successor to his 2011 hit "Bridesmaids." 
fair You've seen a lot of this before. These actors deserve better. 
fair If only the script matched the chemistry of its leads. 
fair The movie is almost pure formula, elevated out of the realm of the mediocre on the sheer strength of McCarthy's bravura turn. 
terrible Writing jokes is hard. Writing potentially funny situations is marginally easier, but only because the potential doesn't have to be realized before the paycheck is cashed. 
terrible While Bullock and McCarthy have a fine degree of chemistry, they are drowning in bad material. 
good Bullock and McCarthy make a great team and one that will keep you laughing throughout. 
fair It's great to see a supporting cast that consists of comedy heavyweights Jane Curtin, Bill Burr and newcomer Adam Ray. 
bad Much of The Heat's success can be credited to Melissa McCarthy and while the film offers a fair amount of belly-laughs it also includes plenty of missed opportunities. 
bad While Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy have fantastic presence and chemistry, there isn't much of what you'd call plot. 
bad If this were funny, The Heat would add up to your average buddy-cop comedy. Except that it's not funny, at least not very and not often. 
bad Female buddy-cop comedy mixes humor, violence, drinking. 
bad It's about time there was a cop comedy featuring girls! 
fair Laughter can be magical. It can also be crass. In the formidable person of Melissa McCarthy it is typically both. And no director seems to know what to do with that tension quite like Paul Feig. 
fair It's a breezy, low-impact good time that distinguishes itself as a comedy starring two women... by being almost indistinguishable from any other pleasant comedies starring anyone else. 
very_good Even with its nearly two-hour run time, The Heat is consistently funny. 
bad McCarthy is famous for her willingness not only to ignore the limits of civilized behaviour, but to actively shred them. Here, though, her crude sloppiness becomes a one-note characterization. 
good There's enough inspiration in front of and behind the camera to push it beyond its formula trappings, but trumping that is how consistently it doles out good jokes. 
fair Big question. Is The Heat a good movie and really funny, or am I just in love with Melissa McCarthy? 
good ... a rapid-fire script and the inspired pairing of Bullock and McCarthy make 'The Heat' one of the funniest films of the year so far. 
bad Depressingly mediocre. Even the gags that worked in the red-band trailer fall flat. 
good Not only is this movie destined to be the comedy hit of the summer, but it is also pound-for-pound the funniest movie to come along since the original 'The Hangover.' 
terrible It's a comedy where the laughs are considered first, the story second, and the characters least of all. 
very_bad The movie is rarely funny and the "high concept" part usually means the lowest common denominator. And that is another way of saying The Heat is stupid. 
fair [Feig] clearly enjoys the spectacle of women behaving badly, and gives his stars - and particularly McCarthy - plenty of room and improv time to knock back shots, bust a move and beat up men until they squeal like little girls. 
good This is a fairly dark comedy about some crass and sometimes cruel people, and director Paul Feig quite solidly establishes that tone from some of its earliest scenes. 
good After laughing heartily through The Heat, I'm pretty sure I'd watch any future project Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy team up on. Sorry Rex Reed, you can't deny McCarthy's comedic talent. 
terrible 'The Heat' is about as generic a movie title as you can get, but calling the Sandra Bullock/Melissa McCarthy film 'The Disappointing F-Bomb Fiasco' may have been a bit too specific. 
good Worth running out to see for anyone who dares lament that they don't make funny movies like they used to. 
terrible You know what would have been funny? If Bullock and McCarthy had switched roles... Instead, we got Miss Congeniality 3: Boston Boogaloo. 
bad It's disappointing that "The Heat" doesn't do more than take an established film template - in this case, the buddy-cop flick - throw in a Tarantino-size helping of F-bombs, cast a couple of women and call it a day. 
fair Bullock specializes in awkward and uptight, McCarthy in aggressive and unfiltered. "The Heat" makes the most of those differences. 
good The Heat is the best female buddy-cop movie since, well, ever. 
bad The cookie-cutter plot might have worked if the jokes were good. 
fair It's no classic, but it has the most important thing that a comedy needs: laughs. 
bad Snarky and scruffy, it's filled with cliche'd, odd couple bantering and punctuated with raunchy, profane dialogue. 
bad [The stars] deserve a much stronger showcase than this Laurel & Hardy Go Policin' vehicle. 
good Bullock can do a double-takes better than any actress working today, and boy, does force-of-nature McCarthy give her plenty to work with. 
very_good McCarthy owns this movie, but nearly everyone in it is hilarious. 
fair Go in expecting greatness and you might be disappointed. Anticipate having a good time and this movie will deliver. 
fair The screen team of the season , Bullock and McCarthy , deliver a sizzling hot summer comedy. Over the top , but undeniable fun. 
fair 'The Heat' is a decent movie. McCarthy and Bullock are outstanding. 
good So outrageously funny it makes up for a disappointing third act. 
very_bad With a screenplay so childish it might as well have been written in Crayola, The Heat is at its best when it simply gives the tremendously talented McCarthy room to improvise. 
bad An uninspired formula comedy that wastes every iota of that talent on a movie genre that should have been retired at least five years ago. 
good Employs any and all means necessary to get at least a chuckle out of most scenes in the nearly two-hour running time. 
good An action comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy as odd-couple cops that rivals Goodfellas for its use of F-bombs and Lethal Weapon for its appealing chemistry. 
very_good From the moment she barrels onto the scene like a cannonball of crudity, McCarthy makes it clear that this movie is hers to make or break. And she knocks it right out of Fenway Park ... 
bad Bullock and McCarthy have excellent rapport, and there are enough funny moments in their banter to make The Heat a worthy addition to the buddy-cop canon. 
fair It's not much of a movie - too many spare scenes keep the plot from moving forward, distending an already bloated two-hour running time - but it's a fun ride bolstered by an "anything goes" edge. 
good "The Heat" is a good movie and a successful action comedy, and it arrives just in time for Melissa McCarthy... (it) is something of a formula comedy, but it's inspired, too - and the inspiration is in the combining of these two actresses. 
bad The volatile chemistry between Ms. McCarthy and Ms. Bullock is something to behold, and carries "The Heat" through its lazy conception and slapdash execution. 
good The Heat has no right to be as funny as it turns out to be. 
bad More often than not The Heat is just stupid-funny, which circles us back to McCarthy, motor-mouthing four-letter fury like an operatic aria. 
good With so few women afforded the opportunity to steer the course of a movie - any movie, on screen or off - even a formulaic vehicle such as "The Heat" arrives as a surprise and a relief. 
bad The meeting of McCarthy's stinging zingers and Bullock's practiced exasperation almost justifies The Heat, but it's more of a lob than a fastball. 
very_good ... barely disguised plagiarism conjuring ghosts of buddy-cop movies past, but in the end [Melissa] McCarthy saves the day 
bad "The Heat" would be a fairly ordinary entry in the female buddy cop genre except ... there is no genre yet. Happily, Melissa McCarthy may single-handedly change that. 
good Those two women are lots of fun together. 
very_bad A stumbling, aggressively loud and profane cop buddy picture in which Bullock and McCarthy struggle to wring 'funny' out of a script that isn't. 
good It's a buddy-cop comedy that deserves to share a locker room with "The Other Guys" and "21 Jump Street." 
fair With the film, Melissa McCarthy definitively cements her status as a legitimate comic talent, leaving her co-star stumbling behind in her wake. 
good If you're going to make a dopey, bawdy, foul-mouthed, predictable lady-buddy-cop movie, you might as well make it funny. 
bad They know how to work a joke, hit a punchline, and inject just enough character to make it feel three-dimensional. They're reason enough to see The Heat even if one wishes the film around them was up to their talents. 
bad Is it possible that Melissa McCarthy needs to be more abrasive? 
bad Good comedy often comes from surprise and creativity, but The Heat tries to get by without them. 
terrible McCarthy is the female equivalent of Adam Sandler, and that's not meant as a compliment. 
bad A script riddled with buddy cop cliches is saved by the fun dynamic between Bullock and McCarthy. 
fair A surprisingly good movie about the dangers of life in our country in the mid 1700's. 
fair Reminiscent of exactly the sort of "important war movie" Hollywood makes. 
best ...among the greatest war films ever made. Rich in humanist themes and absolutely unflinching in its depiction of the moral chaos and physical violence of war. 
best Lu Chuan makes this feature film soar by telling the story both through the eyes of the Japanese occupiers and the defenseless Chinese civilians in the ancient capital. It makes the savagery all the more senseless. 
very_good Exquisitely shot in black and white, with a rare attention to detail and dramatic complexity, "City of Life and Death" is a timelessly great film that commands our collective attention. 
very_good In almost any form, the story of the Nanking atrocities can leave you profoundly shaken. But Lu Chuan's version may be the most compassionate and emotionally satisfying treatment to date. 
good There is real beauty in its effort to comprehend the incomprehensible. 
best Lu tells the heartbreaking, nearly unbearable story with compassion, controlled fury and unflinching realism. 
good Despite a puzzling, ridiculously benign view of Japanese sex slaves, this is a brutal depiction of the bestiality of the Japanese Rape of Nanjing that is long overdue. 
best It's a film strong enough to change your life, if you can bear to watch it at all. 
best A work of grim art told with relentlessly restless curiosity about the human capacity for survival. 
good It's a muscular, physical movie, pieced together from arresting imagery and revelatory gestures, large and small. 
very_good Lu does more with the first 50 minutes than some directors accomplish in 10 movies. 
very_good The most visceral war film since Saving Private Ryan - a portrait of the hopeless in the grasp of a sadistic oppressor. 
very_good Action and ultimate tragedy shot in spectacular black and white. One of the great war films. 
good First feature on horrors from the Chinese point of view of the Japanese Rape of Nanking is impressive as...a humanistic epic...of brutal mass executions...by ordinary soldiers. 
bad Chuan's attempt is certainly admirable in the time and care put towards honoring those at Nanking, but the effort is misguided and its propagandist take feels hollow and disappointing. 
fair a powerful statement that obviously resonates from deep within Chuan 
bad A shattering film about the 1937-1938 Nanking massacre and the atrocities committed by Japanese soldiers who treated Chinese soldiers and civilians as subhumans. 
very_good Directed by Lu Chuan, it's a fascinating film, and an unusual entry in the current Chinese cinema. 
bad One should remember Schindler's List, and the off-putting way beauty hung in the throat alongside evil. 
good The horrors it represents can be almost too difficult to watch, yet you keep watching because Mr. Lu makes the case that you must. 
very_good Like a Chinese Schindler's List, it's not an easy film to watch, but it's an important story that needs to be told and remembered. 
good The 1937-38 massacres and rapes in conquered Nanking are dramatized with flawed but unflinching horror in this grim, epic lament. 
best Possibly the war film of the year, Lu Chuan's picture about the Rape of Nanking has a lacerating immediacy and a true artist's gravity and tact. 
bad It is not an easy watch -- but it is an impressive acheivement. 
good Writer/director Lu Chuan's film tells the whole harrowing story in austere black-and-white, sparing us nothing: the violence is indiscriminate and often horrifyingly casual. 
best One of the most powerful films you'll ever see. Literally unforgettable. 
good A harrowing, unflinching epic. 
best It's a tough watch, but it will leave you stunned in a way that war films don't often manage. 
bad In shocking but masterly black-and-white images Chuan suggests a smouldering unreal city unhinged by horror. 
good Passionate and expertly crafted, this black-and-white opus is well worth seeking out. 
good In this gripping true-crime story, an absurdist stew of petty tensions and quasi-Nietzschean dynamics rip apart the tiny colony of Europeans who settled one of the Galapagos islands in the '30s. 
good holds the viewer and compels him 
good To make a thrilling documentary about the past, you need dead people who were honest or creative in ways you can exploit. This extraordinary film, which deconstructs a murder mystery from the Thirties, has such people in spades. 
bad It's like an Agatha Christie plot. 
bad Quite a few pounds of fat could have been cut from this film, but it's a remarkable tale. 
bad Could do with a brisker edit, but the bizarre, exotic nature of the subject matter is wholly riveting and confidently staged. 
bad Its unhurried pace and inability to wring tension from the conflicting accounts ensures that though it fascinates, the film never fully enthrals. 
bad The story at the center of The Galapagos Affair is fascinating and historically resonant, and Goldfine and Geller tell it well. 
good The mysteries are fascinating, all the more so because they are still unsolved. 
very_good A dazzling documentary about an unsolved murder in an ad hoc community in the Galapagos islands in 1934. 
fair "The Galapagos Affair" spins a strange and compelling tale, with perfectly sinister music by Laura Karpman setting the mood. But the movie is better at building suspense than following through. 
bad Despite The Galapagos Affair's bloated runtime, clocking in at a shade over two hours, the two-thirds of the film that is good is a very compelling illustration of the inescapability of human nature and the constraints of society. 
best Rare document of adventure, disillusionment and death, but the mystery remains. 
very_bad The film feels less like a whodunit than a "why didn't they do it sooner?" 
good Though the pace occasionally flags during its two-hour running time, "The Galapagos Affair" is a fascinating look at a place of great beauty and remoteness, and at the kind of people drawn to live there. 
bad How could this not be a great documentary? By putting it in the hands of Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller, who have squandered their sensational subject into a two-hour slog. 
good This assemblage is generally well-constructed. 
good The denouement plays like a remix of Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness with a chorus of unreliable narrators. 
best Easily, this is the most irresistible movie of 2014, so far. 
good It's about a particular mystery concerning tourists, a mystery that remains unsolved and not a little disturbing. It is also, more generally, about what makes tourism inherently disturbing. 
fair Everyone has a different theory on "whodunit," and the fun of the film is to make your own guesses. 
very_bad Celebrities including Cate Blanchett, Diane Kruger, and Josh Radnor supply plain voiceovers of the islanders' writings, usually over still photos, and the point of view changes so haphazardly it's difficult to keep all the personalities straight. 
terrible How anyone could make such an uninvolving movie out of such a fascinating subject remains its own inexplicable mystery. 
bad Breathtaking scenery and slick editing, but convoluted, unfocused and overlong. 
bad The doc never yokes all these threads into anything particularly deep or illuminating. The Galapagos Affair is less social commentary, more gossip. 
fair The material and resources are certainly substantial, but the filmmakers clumsily weave separate stories together without detailing anything beyond a tangential relation. 
bad Despite some strong performances and an interesting style, there are just too many holes in the story, keeping Trap For Cinderella from being a completely compelling thriller. 
bad Initially intriguing, but essentially a forgettable B-movie that's more exhausting and frustrating than fun or suspenseful. 
terrible The erotic thriller "Trap for Cinderella" is neither erotic nor thrilling, but rather reliant on cheap nudity and multiple mistaken-identity switcheroos in hopes of keeping us on edge. 
terrible Ian Softley is far too interested in the minutia of the plot to bother with the Chabrolian elements of bourgeois excess or the Hitchcockian themes of mistaken identity. 
very_bad Softley is a great director but has maybe let his own obsession - with Sebastien Japrisot's 1962 novel - blind him to the essential lameness of the project. Someone lend this man a good book. 
very_bad Trap For Cinderella achieves the considerable feat of being as pretentious and annoying as its lead characters' names. 
very_bad Maybe a Hitchcock or Chabrol could have made something gripping from the melodrama and mystery of it all but this feels workmanlike and obvious. 
very_bad There's a very classy cast in supporting roles (Kerry Fox, Frances de la Tour, Alex Jennings) but this fails to come alive. 
very_bad tylish and moody, this twisty dramatic thriller gets under our skin with its mysterious tone and darkly insinuating performances. 
bad Softley negotiates layers of deceit with skill, but an uncharacteristic visual and narrative tightness leaves one wondering what might have been. 
very_bad Even as a Sunday night TV drama, this feels overplayed ... 
bad Solid genre fare. 
very_bad Very clearly, this is a women's film devised by men and, for our leading ladies, that's the trap. 
bad It's a jam session with a lot of sweet notes and messy arrangements. Willie's the glue that keeps it together. 
bad An almost uniformly substandard follow-up that, since the original film remains so beloved by so many people, still gets to be disappointing even two decades and change later. 
good A little of a rehash but still good. 
bad Almost as sharp as the first film and only suffering slightly from the inevitable repetitions. 
very_bad A terrible disappointment, a shockingly self-satisfied and unforgivably slapdash sequel. 
bad Feels like a blueprint concocted by the bean-counters at Columbia Pictures. 
good Bottom line: with Murray on fire and enough clever dialogue to rival its predecessor, Ghostbusters II is good enough to put post-milennial comedy to shame. 
bad No one has ever accused Ghostbusters II of being a great film, or even a good one, for that matter 
very_bad Best forgotten sequel. 
good A loose, assured sequel that has the breezy ambition of simply being fun and likable. And it is. 
bad A few bright moments thanks to the cast. 
fair Even the special effects are more to the point of the comedy than they were in the first film. For some reason, this appears to leave more room for the sort of random funny business that Mr. Murray and his friends do best. 
bad About equal to the original. Neither of them were classics. 
good There's plenty to enjoy here and fans of the group won't care about the shortcomings. 
bad It's not that The Man Who Knew Too Much is necessarily boring, but it lacks that riveting suspense Hitchcock became known for later on in his career. 
good In the final analysis, the 1934 and 1956 versions are comparable in quality for different reasons, but the greatest single component of either film can be found in this '34 edition: the great performance by Peter Lorre as a menacing criminal mastermind. 
good not a particularly great film, although it is filled with isolated moments of greatness and hints of masterpieces to come 
good This is a suberbly structured thriller whose excellence is aided and abetted by a spirited cast. 
good Directed with a fascinating staccato violence by Alfred Hitchcock, it is the swiftest screen melodrama this column can recall. 
very_bad Ainda refinando as tecnicas que passaria a dominar com perfeicao, Hitchcock cria um filme divertido, mas obviamente falho. 
best First and best version of the story. 
best [The film] never fails to intrigue you with its great characters and storytelling. 
bad Though some of the bits are funny, this is a film that would probably work for an insider in ways that might go right past an outsider. 
fair There's some fun to be had, even if Cannes Man never achieves the bulls-eye brilliance of Altman's The Player. 
terrible utterly grating 
very_bad Unoriginal and unrelenting, this gothic ghost story invests too much time in banging doors and billowing drapes and not enough in its characters. 
very_bad Director Courtney Solomon's script is a catalogue of the standard Exorcist-style special effects, hammered home by Caine Davidson's musical score, one of the most irritating and nerve-wracking assemblies of noise in movie history. 
very_bad It really is fun to watch yet another oddball turn by Sutherland, and a marginally restrained one from Spacek. It's just not that fun. 
very_bad Disappointing horror film which fails to generate any suspense or horror and is occasionally downright laughable. 
bad Although [director Solomon] has some great ideas, they are limited, and we are therefore treated to repeats of the same basic scenario over and over again until the effect becomes tedious. 
very_bad A collection of cheap jump-scares and tacky cliched imagery that we've seen a million times before. 
bad It's less An American Haunting than American humdrum. 
terrible Labeled by some as 'America's Greatest Ghost Story,' the legendary Bell Witch gets herself another movie and the result is far from America's Greatest Ghost Movie. 
terrible An American Haunting utterly stultifies the thrilling Bell Witch legend on which the film is based; the most disturbing ghost here is the wraith of opportunity lost. 
terrible The film isn't that frightening simply because we've seen this sort of 'girl attacked by demon' material countless times before. 
terrible Writer-director Solomon simply can't generate any actual suspense. Although he certainly tries. 
terrible The star of Don't Look Now and the star of Carrie appearing in a film as weak as this - now that's scary. 
terrible On more than one occasion...a girl scrapes her fingernails across a wood floor as an invisible poltergeist attacks her. The wood floor may not be a chalkboard, but it's close enough. 
bad Writer-director Courtney Solomon can't decide what kind of movie he's making. 
terrible Frighteningly bad 
very_bad Whatever really lurks behind the story of the kinda-famous Bell Witch remains hidden in "An American Haunting," a murky script that only makes us wonder all the more: What the heck? 
terrible like spending an afternoon in the world's lamest haunted house. 
very_bad Solomon's flimsy fright fable An American Haunting couldn't scare a lobbyist from a Washington D.C. politician's picnic...a sluggish period piece boofest. 
very_bad If you're a believer in ghosts and spirits you might enjoy this film. It just made me want to find out what really happened in that house. 
very_bad Despite . . . general bumpings in the night, not to mention several rounds of people getting smacked around by unseen hands, [it's] just a whole lot of nothing going on 
terrible Boggles the mind with how many things it gets wrong. 
bad a cross between "Masterpiece Theater" and "The Exorcist." 
terrible Someone should call The Ghostbusters to make An American Haunting disappear from movie theaters like a ghost is expelled during an exorcism. 
terrible This is the type of movie that you should be getting for free on television. 
bad Throughout the film, doors slam, windows shatter and poor, battered Betsy wakes up screaming with tiresome regularity; even Sutherland appears bored by it all. 
very_bad There's thunder and lightning and wall-to-wall music. But it still doesn't add up to much of a movie. 
very_bad The dark force behind this movie is the relentless power of cliche. 
fair For anyone aware of this poltergeist tale, or who bothers to look it up, the victim's identity will come as no surprise, and a horror movie without a surprise is no horror movie at all. 
very_bad A Post-Colonial Scooby-Doo, as respectable actors in perfectly pressed costumes run up and down stairs avoiding unseen spooks. The director stands in the corner yelling "Boo!" 
terrible There's a dark, abiding mystery at the center of An American Haunting, and it's how on earth major stars such as Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek were talked into appearing in this film. 
bad Spacek and Sutherland could do work like this in their sleep ... and now we have the proof. 
bad The impact of the old-school effects is negated by Solomon's all too contemporary stylistic overkill: Sourceless but loud 'scary' noises accompany jump cuts and whip pans, and the camera usually appears more agitated than the Bells... 
terrible Things go bump in the night in this 19th-century ghost story, but it's the bump of emptying seats, as audiences flee in boredom, that will haunt you for days. 
fair Using alleged 'actual events' as a template, writer-director Courtney Solomon fashions a crafty mystery with a lot of joy-buzzer jolts sliding through its somber mood. 
bad The ending is handled so poorly that you forget how much you might have enjoyed the rest of the movie. 
fair Regardless of what you may think of Donald Sutherland, and Sissy Spacek, An American Haunting is yet another light weight PG-13 film that poses rather well as an honest to goodness horror film. 
bad An American Haunting takes the spurious "based on real events" claim to new extremes 
good Worth every minute of the 17-year wait, The Simpsons Movie confirms Groening's creation as the smartest, funniest, most inventive cartoon in history. 
good This re-establishes The Simpsons as the jewel in the crown of American animation. 
bad It really is a crushing disappointment to report that The Simpsons Movie is merely average by its own lofty standards. 
good It's just a shame that it's just a pretty good effort rather than a fantastic one from writers who just could have done that little bit better. 
fair The Simpsons Movie doesn't ever reach its real potential, but there's enough good material at the start to mostly make up for a draggy second half. Still, if you like the Simpsons on television, you'll like them on the big screen just as well. 
good though Homer himself chastises us, near the start of the movie, for paying for something we can watch on TV for free, I consider the money I put down my contribution to Groening's good cause. 
good A fitting, relevant and hilarious tribute to a 20-year phenomenon. It's definitely for fans but -- then again -- who isn't a fan? 
very_bad It could be I'm missing a lot of the inside humor and subtext. But I think the movie, too, is missing a lot of subtext. 
fair the writing of the episodes are so brilliant that the big-screen version simply lives up to the show's name 
good Hysterically funny, genuinely cinematic -- and you get to see Bart's doodle, too. 
good 'The Simpsons Movie' only sporadically harnesses the boundless creative energy and satirical edge that earned Groening's series its reputation as one of the most sophisticated comedies in TV history. For fans, however, it is a gift long overdue. 
fair We barely get a line from Mr. Burns, Moe, Lou and the rest of the bunch, but following Homer J. Simpson is not a bad way to spend an hour and a half of your summer. 
bad Hardly calls for the emphasis of a feature presentation except that it's a powerful form of market engineering. 
good Thankfully, the cinematic adaptation bears a strong resemblance to the great early Simpsons episodes, with a consistent script, nonstop jokes, and lots & lots of Homer. 
good If you love the show...you'll love the movie. 
good If you combine all important elements into one 87-minute 'PG-13' film, will you have what Comic Book Guy would call the ... Best. Episode. Ever? 
good As a full-length cartoon, "The Simpsons Movie" is drawn out - but in a good way. 
fair Gives us the most evil EPA agent in movies since William Atherton unleashed the minions of Zool on New York City. 
very_bad Doh! What a colossal disappointment. The Simpsons Movie has its funny bits but so does the average Marge-centric episode. But this is a highly anticipated 90-minute episode for which audiences have to pay. 
bad The movie does at least broaden the canvas the story is played out on, but fans expecting to see many of the series' usual haunts -- school, Moe's Tavern, the nuclear plant -- will be disappointed to find that they are merely glimpsed here. For all its sh 
bad I wanted to like this, but I felt like one of the suckers Homer talks about for paying for something at the theatre that I can watch at home for free. 
fair Given a choice between seeing this movie and watching three new episodes of the show, I'll take the three new episodes all day long. 
very_good They are still cunning, still a mile-a-minute and still the standard bearers of good, intelligent comedy, animated or otherwise. Give 'em some love - they have more than earned it after 20 years of free shows. 
bad Maybe the movie is just reaching out for something that saw its heyday five (or even 10) years ago. But oh, what a heyday. 
bad I can't help but feel that sometimes bigger isn't better. 
very_good Something's rotten in the town of Springfield--Is it any surprise that it traces back to Homer and a giant silo full of pig crap? The Simpsons Movie does the impossible, it turns the brilliant show into a classic movie experience. 
bad ...like a good episode of the show... 
bad La primera pelicula de Los Simpson luce como un episodio extendido de hora y media, con todo lo que eso implica: puede lucir un poco excesivo, pero si sos fanatico/a probablemente colme tus expectativas. 
fair The plot isn't the main reason to see this movie; it's the constant jokes and gags churned out from start to finish. 
good For Simpsons fans, the movie is nirvana; for the unfortunate rest of humanity, at least a therapeutic exercise in extreme giggles. 
good ...generally manages to capture the energy and charm of the show's best moments... 
very_good Lucky for us, the verbiage sparkles with wit and preposterousness just close enough to reality to make us grind our teeth in the agony of recognition. D'oh, I mean to make us laugh. 
fair [It is] in the unique and unfair position of having a lot to live up to, and The Simpsons Movie is not quite up to the task. 
very_good For Simpsons fans, seeing Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and baby Maggie on a movie screen must be like watching old friends blown up to the size of Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade floats. 
good When Homer tells his wife and kids, 'I've really come to like you guys,' we can't help but agree. 
very_good ...an excellent, delightful piece of collaborative comedy, with enough energy and intelligence to impress anyone who doesn't view its release as an opportunity for ax-grinding. 
best While I won't go as far as Comic Book Guy to proclaim it best...film...ever, I will give it my highest rating. 
very_good Crafting a motion picture from a current television series that's been around for nearly two decades is a dicey proposition, but The Simpsons Movie fills the larger dimensions of the theater screen quite nicely. 
good All a fan ever asks is for the powers-that-be to take good care of the baby. The Simpsons Movie does this. It doesn't teach the kid French, but it gives us what would be considered a decent episode of the show. Probably a top 50 episode. 
good Is it as good as the television show? Yes. Does it have some of the sharp writing from the series' earlier years that has gone missing from the show as of late? Yes. 
very_good Sure, the film is silly -- really silly, but it's a whole lot of fun. Most of all, the characters are as likeable as they are funny, and the dialog is downright delicious. 
good It's a winning formula, and maybe that's why the makers of The Simpsons Movie have played it safe with an entertaining but thoroughly unmemorable movie adaptation. 
bad Not close to the insanely imaginative material from the show's heyday but still funny its own right 
bad Thank goodness the world can count on Homer's idiocy for a steady stream of laughs. 
good Very entertaining, featuring a delicious mix of visual gags, cultural satire, straight-out pratfalls 
very_good D'oh-n't miss this one, Simpsons fans. 
good Is it funny? I enjoyed it without actually laughing all that much. 
good Brilliant, if belated, but be forewarned that The Simpsons, the movie, is merely The Simpsons, the television show, only on a much bigger screen and in an extended format. You want more, you got more. 
good C'est avec grand bonheur que j'ai trouve le plus long des episodes des Simpson le plus drole depuis quelques annees au moins! 
very_good Instead of trying to make the "be-all end-all ultimate mega-Simpsons episode," they went with their proven formula and delivered one of the year's funniest movies. 
good The movie's awesome, and I can't wait to see it again. 
fair Doesn't live up to the hype. 
very_good The movie is never dull and like the best episodes of the series, it is frequently hilarious, rich in visual humor and verbal wit. 
very_good The Simpsons Movie has a higher joke-per-minute ratio than any other movie this year, and I laughed throughout. 
good Why PAY for something you can see on TV for FREE? Homer asks. As one of the dolts who shelled out the DO'H, I answer, Because the Simpsons make me laugh. 
good The movie occasionally drags, even at a modest 86 minutes, and after 400 episodes it's hard to recapture the early seasons' startling bite. But the throwaway gags fans live for are there. 
good Some 10 years after expected, The Simpsons Movie couldn't give a doodle in a doughnut hole about expectations anyway. It may deliver what we've already got, but it leaves no doubt why we got it in the first place. 
good Essentially an episode of the long-running Fox hit, just extended and writ larger. 
fair This one feels incomplete, an underachiever still searching for a real reason to exist beyond enriching a fat franchise. 
good A very funny, solidly entertaining movie that, despite its unshakable obsesion with undergarments, is as sweet as a Kwik-E-Mart Squishee. 
good In a way, the film is more of a Simpsons celebration than anything else -- the mother of all anniversary episodes. 
good It's fun and funny. 
bad The Simpsons Movie was expected to raise the bar for animated film -- especially 2-D animation. Unfortunately, it's just another example of what could have been. 
fair If you're a fan, you know you're going to go see The Simpsons Movie. And you'll be happy to know it's worth the money, if not much more. 
very_good It's subversively hilarious as well as strangely touching, and it features a scene in which Homer is directed across the landscape by the twin shadows of a woman's mountainous chest. 
good This is The Simpsons which, with its first big-screen effort, is underachieving and proud of it, man. 
good The Simpsons concept in feature length is just as reassuringly startling in its nonstop irreverence as the best of the weekly TV droppings. 
good The fictional family that has defined satire on the small screen since 1989 has finally found a 'Home, Sweet Home' on the big screen. 
fair It had to happen. The Simpsons have finally become bona fide movie stars and this hilarious, clever and irreverent film proves it was worth the wait. 
very_good Cleverly conceived and subversive, it's certainly the best Simpsons Movie - so far. 
bad A feature-length version of the show that has some snazzier animation but otherwise amounts to a decent oversized episode. 
very_good As usual, the humor ranges from the blissfully sophomoric (such as Homer's rendition of a "Spider-Pig" theme song) to the bitingly satirical (such as the appearance of President Schwarzenegger). 
good It cannot compete with the series that inspired it, but it can compete with everything else in the multiplex at the moment. 
fair The outside package can be done up as much as anyone would like it -- bigger, more, shinier -- but ... inside, it's the old familiar gang. 
good The Simpsons Movie is everything it has no right to be, based on the past several seasons: it's funny, it's smart, and it pokes fun at exactly the things it should ... 
very_good If you don't have the urge to stand up and cheer as the end credits begin to roll, then you are not who this movie was created for. 
good A full-speed-ahead laugh riot for its first 45 minutes, although it loses some of its gusto in the second half. 
good While nothing in this motion picture quite matches the television series at its early best, this is more of a throwback than a throw-away. It's wittier and more energetic than anything that has appeared on FOX in quite a few years. 
very_good The pace is breakneck, and the animation -- though still primitive -- makes good use of the full width of the screen. 
good A good movie, but also one that betrays the strain of great expectations, a four-episode length, and a 400-episode back catalog. 
best Popular culture has never come in for a more thorough, more righteous, pummeling 
very_good The Simpsons Movie is a riot, and still feels fresh and bracing, even if it's also a bit classic and cuddly. 
very_good On par with South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut in the way in which a beloved TV series can be broadened and deepened by the cinematic experience, The Simpsons Movie is a major triumph. 
good It's hilarious, though probably not to anyone who hasn't already been watching it on television. 
bad Feels like yesterday's news. For fans of the television show, wait a few months for the DVD. For everyone else, don't even bother. 
best Even the naysayers, the ones who claim that the show hasn't been worth watching since Clinton was in office, will be amazed and delighted by a storyline so strong and funny that it deserves to be ranked among the show's all-time greatest episodes 
very_good The Simpsons remain the archetypal all-ages animated banquet for the mischievous kid in all of us and the cynically academic adult we should all hope to become. 
best Could this adventure be as great as jumping Springfield Gorge? Those visits from Sideshow Bob? Ralph choo choo choosing Lisa? Yes. Worst episode ever? No. 
good The humor stays irreverent without making the still-running sitcom irrelevant. 
very_good As refreshing a summer tonic as one could hope for. 
very_good This is the one summer movie so far this year that really delivers in a big way. It's got bigger and better action than other bloated blockbusters, and it has bigger and better laughs that any of its comedic competition. 
very_good After 18 seasons, our favorite family finally gets their shot at the big screen in this Woohoo!-worthy adaptation of the beloved animated series. 
good The Simpsons Movie is finally here. And guess what? It's funny. But not that funny. 
very_good The film fires on all cylinders, one-liners coming thick and fast. 
fair It is little more than a reminder, as if one was needed, that Homer is still crazy after all these years and that The Simpsons are a still-reliable laundry line for stupid sight gags and one-liners. 
very_good With its broad range of slapstick and satire, The Simpsons Movie is one of the most successful television-to cinema transplants I've ever seen. 
fair The flipside of the Bush Admin. being a boon to comics and satirists is that things are so absurd now that almost nothing we could dream of could actually be more absurd. 
fair Even casual Simpsons fans will find plenty to chortle over, right through the closing credits. There are plenty of Hollywood comedies that can't say the same. 
fair That the show hasn't sailed off into the seas of complacency after all these years is a miracle. But the movie feels a little complacent and stuck. 
good There's something about the Simpsons that's radical and simple at the same time, subversive and good-hearted, offensive without really meaning to be. It's a nice balancing act. 
very_good The result is two-tiered humor, broad enough to appeal to anybody but overlaid with jokes that will be funnier if you know the show. 
good Go on, sucker, buy your ticket. 
fair The long-awaited Simpsons feature film does not eat my shorts. Doesn't set 'em on fire, either. 
good Since The Simpsons Movie took longer to build than the Taj Mahal, you want it to be a comic masterpiece, and it isn't. But it is a consistently funny, smart animated film. 
very_good If you like the TV show, you're going to love the movie. 
good No one will be bored with the feature film, but everyone who knows the show well will have a nagging feeling that something is missing. 
very_good ...may be less potty-mouthed than South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut, but it takes aim at its middle-American milieu with a towel-snapping glee that is just as effective in reducing its audience to cheerfully willing victims. 
good The Simpsons Movie is comparatively minor. But it's hard not to like it. And in both senses of the phrase, America keeps asking for it. 
fair Oversold as a story suitable only for the big screen and lacking a raised-stakes mindset, it's still a moderately funny magnification of what's made the show tick and tickle for 18 years. Plus, it proves Illinois is home to the one true Springfield. 
best ...a conclusive portrait of the dysfunctional American family - stuck with each other and, deep down, OK with it. 
best The vocal work is so finely honed by the cast of regulars, that the acting conveys a timing and skill rarely encountered in even the best live-action comedies. 
fair An expansive visual style that makes it worth seeing on the big screen, even if the story feels like a specially extended episode. 
bad The big screen version is as good as three better-than-average episodes of the TV show, even if it doesn't quite hit the heights it's capable of. 
best The plot is as hilariously bombastic as the ones boob-tube producers used to spin off onto the big screen before they discovered the concept of the Very Special Episode. 
fair There is so much gusto, such a willingness to go for broke and not look back [in the first act], that it seems too good to be true. As is often the case with such situations, it is. 
good Yes, The Simpsons Movie is funny enough to make you get off the couch and put down the Duff. 
best A grand entrance into widescreen for the greatest television show... ever. 
fair The movie isn't a disaster, just a disappointment. 
bad Homer addresses the audience at the beginning and calls us all suckers. Funny 'cause it's true. 
good The good news is, The Simpsons Movie is just like the TV show, whereas the bad news is, it's just like the TV show. 
very_good The movie's ultimate message is about family, and its most basic promise -- to make us laugh -- is one it delivers on more reliably than any of the other big movies this summer. 
very_bad You chuckle here and there, you enjoy the animation (given a bit more pep and computery dimension for the big screen), but the moment it takes off never comes. 
good At last, Matt Groening's brilliant creation has arrived in cinemas, dated only in the sense that we all know it began in 1990, but otherwise terrifically funny and contemporary. 
bad Funny, clever and at times even hilarious... But sadly, it's also a minor movie and never more inspiring than the sum of its admittedly witty parts. 
good These bold yellow characters continue to verify our strength as people, families, and a nation, and their agelessness continues to stress that their journey, like ours, is an eternal act of learning. 
good We knew all along they had it in them to become movie stars. 
best With a hearty 'Woo-hooo' and no 'doh' spared, The Simpsons make the journey from small screen to big with their subversive wit, their wanderlust and their sentimental streak entirely intact. 
good The Simpsons Movie does not feel at sea on the big screen and, crucially, it is very funny. 
bad It's meant to be provocative, but it's muddled and nonsensical, with none of the liveliness or cleverness of its predecessor. 
good If the original film flirted with controversy, the sequel has sex with it on the first date. 
very_bad Yet another mismatched cop adventure. 
very_bad Half-baked, forgettable action flick 
best What strikes you aren't just the iconic moments, but the little ones. 
best Taxi Driver is a brilliant study of alienation, obsession, paranoia and perverse desire. There's an undeniable power and grittiness that very few films have come close to capturing since. 
best Scorsese's masterpiece of urban alienation... 
best A haunting, visceral trip through the mind of a man on the edge of his own sanity. 
best This is an extraordinary film. De Niro in the central role delivers one of those powerhouse performances that simply blows the audience away. 
best Melodramatic as it often is, the film is a riveting watch and De Niro provides a character study it is impossible to forget. 
best The bustling helter-skelter of Scorsese's Mean Streets gives way to a measured, chilly calm, and cinematographer Michael Chapman ensures the Big Apple glistens with barely concealed menace. 
best Bickle is complex, intriguing and never one-note. 
best Hitchcockian unease permeates the film, but so too does a Godardian use of space and a Bressonian focus on obsession heighten the mounting sense of dread. 
good Portrait of a very disturbed man; NOT for kids. 
best Writer Paul Schrader and director Martin Scorsese made names for themselves with this exquisitely crafted window into the contemporary male psyche. Taxi Driver seems aimless, taking as many u-turns and detours as a cabby does in the night. But it's 
best If you haven't seen Taxi Driver, your education in film hasn't even begun. 
very_good Get in and take a nightmare ride on perhaps Scorsese's best picture, the story of Vietnam vet Travis Bickle's fight to win the woman of his dreams in the seedy Big Apple. 
best The blend of Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction and De Niro's performance is both riveting and unnerving. A film that will stay with you forever. 
best Is Travis a hero or a monster? The question is never answered to any satisfying degree, and Herrmann's score makes sure of that by always playing up the counterpoint of a scene. 
best What a mad and brilliant film it is: 1,000-degree proof Seventies cinema. 
best An utter masterwork of shifting tones and flowering angst. 
good Powerful drama and portrait of insanity. 
best A movie to educate us about life on darker sides of the soul, or steer us away from living that life. It draws us in with a conviction that makes us feel like we're living it. 
best Scorcese's first masterpiece. 
fair You may want to argue with Taxi Driver at the end, and with good reason, but it won't be a waste of time. 
best Don't let the endless barrage of morons imitating the "You talkin' to me?" bit put you off. 
bad De Niro is brilliant, but the film as a whole is less successful than its formidable reputation suggests 
best Director Martin Scorsese's nightmare vision of Manhattan is important, impulsive work. 
best Taxi Driver is one of the best films ever made. Movies don't get any better than this. 
best There have been few films that have created and sustained the sense of constant, underlying dread that pervades every frame of Martin Scorsese's scorching urban masterpiece 
best An undeniably brilliant, nightmarish portrait of one man's personal hell. 
best So much of this study of evil is brilliant. 
best Its themes of urban decay, anomie and violence which infuse the impending sense of doom at the heart of this film still hang like black clouds over many cities today. 
very_good The thing I'm never sure about is whether Travis is actually psychotic, and Paul Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction, and De Niro's performance don't give us any easy answers. 
best One of the best and most powerful of all films. 
good Perhaps the most formally ravishing-as well as the most morally and ideologically problematic-film ever directed by Martin Scorsese, the 1976 Taxi Driver remains a disturbing landmark for the kind of voluptuous doublethink it helped ratify. 
very_good But despite anything, [the] average viewer at the end actually cheers for Travis. 
best The symbolism used by Scorsese, the extremely effective acting by Robert DeNiro, and the superb writing by Paul Schrader, turn this movie into a cinematic adventure of many layers. 
best The heart and soul of Taxi Driver are twisted in a way that can't be faked or copied. 
best Probably did for cab drivers what Psycho did for showers. 
best A masterful psychological study, the depth of which can only fully be appreciated on repeat viewings. 
terrible Dissipates much of its energy with plot developments reminiscent of "Badlands" and other movies about celebrity lawbreakers. 
terrible And miles away from entertainment, too... 
good Makes a quieter but deeper impression than Bringing Out the Dead. 
bad Anton Corbijn Inside Out is damnably stingy with expert analysis of Corbijn's art...There's no attempt to organize the events of Corbijn's life into a chronology, or to trace his evolution as an image-maker. 
bad Rather pedestrian, over-long documentary about the famed Dutch photographer, music clip and film director. 
bad It's not groundbreaking, but the impressionistic approach at least strives for more than your standard-issue bio. 
very_bad Almost, but not quite the one. 
bad The hint of human anxiety behind the glamour is intriguing. 
bad Goes a long way towards explaining the emptiness and isolation that characterise his work. 
very_bad If there is any great personal theory beneath his works' stunning surfaces Quirijns fails to draw it out here. 
fair The rest of the film plays unswervingly like a traditional movie made for television. 
good Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting. 
best The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels. 
bad There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film. 
good Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood. 
best The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining. 
good Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity. 
good The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce. 
bad It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff. 
good For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch. 
best Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished. 
best Sick! Sick! Sick! 
fair While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter. 
very_good the grandious acting makes up for every flaw 
best as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come 
good A chilling, disturbing movie. 
good Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting. 
good ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances 
very_bad There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two. 
bad It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun 
good A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star. 
good It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim. 
good I can think of a several samurai films that I prefer to this, but it's still a solid film. 
best The greatest movie ever made about warriors and battle. 
best The legendary Mifune leads a superb cast, and Kurosawa's kinetic camera keeps the adventure sizzling with energy and wit from start to finish. 
best Kurosawa deflates the myth of the noble samurai without actually debunking it, and stages some great action sequences. 
best Famous epic with stylish violence and subtitles. 
best Synthesizes the traditions of the samurai narrative and the American western to create an intimate epic with deeply felt ground-level consequences. [Blu-ray] 
best An enduring classic. 
fair ...suffers from an absurdly overlong running time that often threatens to negate its more overtly positive attributes... 
best Kurosawa's three-hour jidai-geki epic can be counted among the greatest of all battle movies ... a majestic tale of heroism, sacrifice and death. 
best The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission. 
good Epic, influential adventure about Japanese swordsmen who band together to rescue besieged villagers 
best A masterpiece; a timeless classic; one of the greatest movies ever made. 
bad Impressive and ambitious, but seriously - am I the only person alive who finds it overwrought and patience-testing? 
best The Seven Samurai is a brilliant film - the only caveat, in fact, is that the length and the language barrier make it a difficult movie to get through. 
best A genuinely entertaining movie with characters we love and characters we love to hate, sensuality and violence, tragic events and laugh out loud moments. 
best Seven Samurai is an unforgettable masterpiece -- the work of one of the world's greatest filmmakers at the height of his powers. 
good [Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style. 
best The touchstone for the entire Samurai genre, as well as the inspiration for several western films . . . it continues to endure because it is an epic, and epics never die 
best A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure. 
best It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today. 
best It's all rollicking good fun, and it's an action film with a lot on its mind. 
best A classic of adventure, a story of honor, a tale of a specific time and place that still has universal resonance. 
best The archetypal action classic. 
best Moves like hot mercury, and it draws a viewer so thoroughly into its world that real life can seem thick and dull when the lights come up. 
best On a short list of the greatest films of all time. 
best Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai (1954) is not only a great film in its own right, but the source of a genre that would flow through the rest of the century. 
very_good This movie is so successful because of its flawless direction and very balanced combination of powerful human drama and exciting action. 
very_good The action scenes in this movie are virtually unequaled by any other movie in history, even if some of the 'waiting-around' scenes grow tiresome. 
best Much imitated, still unsurpassed. 
best And it's not just that the story is compelling. It is unforgettable. 
very_bad For all its failures in other areas - a bloated, heavy farce, or a character comedy full of generally tedious cartoons - its abysmal shortcomings as a musical are the saddest. 
best A magical, old-fashioned musical. 
best It is a work of great entertainment, a product of an era when people looked up at a screen and saw movies instead of cinema. 
bad It doesn't escape the overproduction trap, not by a long shot. 
good Splashy Kelly production with a too-young Streisand...but she's stunning. 
bad More infamous for bringing Fox financially to its knees than for being the last major musical directed by Gene Kelly, Dolly! is one big-assed bull in a china shop. 
very_bad Hello, Dolly! is one of those films from the late sixties that helped nail down the coffin lid on musicals. 
bad Kelly managed to turn out a film that combined the worst elements of canned theater with the sillier excesses of the musical film. 
good This is the movie that established Barbra as truly incomparable. 
bad The powerful performances and sharp script augment this revealing human drama. 
good Streep and Neill are the film's perfectly matched thoroughbreds. But the film is neither a double star turn nor the best kind of courtroom drama; it is a sort of epic mosaic of national character. 
bad Admirably off-putting performance by Streep in a reasonably involving Australian court drama. 
fair Streep ... plays Lindy Chamberlain with the kind of virtuosity that seems to redefine the possibilities of screen acting. 
bad Remarkably even-handed; Streep's much-touted performance distracts. 
bad Streep is a sensation....haunting stuff 
best A poignant family-in-crisis drama aided by spectacular performances from Streep and Neill. 
best 'Set in Australia, a couple is hurled into the media spotlight, unsuspecting of its power to twist the truth overnight. Streep proves she is a towering inferno of an actress.' 
very_bad Another in the endless stream of self-conscious Streepian dialect dramas. 
bad Streep and Schepisi save it from being TV-movie material. 
bad Streep and Sam Neill put in convincing and consistent performances in roles that appear unsympathetic, and don't offer the typical ingredients that can allow actors to showcase their caring and emotional personas. 
good While it's very much a cautionary tale to keep your tent zipped up, the real moral of the story involves the crucial importance of being a sympathetic witness on the stand. 
good Streep's performance is risky, and masterful. 
terrible The Devil Inside is a con job; a fraud of a movie that leads audiences to the singularly most unsatisfying ending to a movie I've seen in my 13 years as a movie critic. 
very_bad An exposition-heavy opening act and an abrupt lack of closure may leave moviegoers feeling underserved by The Devil Inside's few genuinely scary moments. 
terrible horror that tries to shock you as many times as possible, rather than tell you a story. 
terrible Nothing more than a tired, familiar and characterless genre installment with only the impressive contortions of Bonnie Morgan to recommend it. 
terrible A terribly written, dubious slice of unscary found footage spiritual horror that ends with an ellipsis, not a period. 
very_bad Despite a clever - if not particularly original - idea, this pseudo-documentary horror movie is let down by an immensely frustrating ending and some less than convincing performances. 
terrible And in a wretched attempt to make this contrivance 'real', they resort to endless shaking of the camera. (You would love to shake them!) The only possession I was looking for in this devilish drivel was the possession of any kind of filmmaking talent. 
terrible Just terrible. 
very_bad A run-of-the-mill exorcism movie hobbled by its own hype and a divisive ending. 
very_bad The Devil Inside is yet another dull found footage effort with nothing, bar a mad climax, to offer audiences. 
terrible Another abysmal horror movie based around "found" documentary footage. 
very_bad The Devil Inside has the occasional creepy moment but it's let down by a patchy script and some uneven performances. 
bad Exorcism horror gets the cliched shaky-camera treatment in this chiller... 
very_bad Some found footage should really just stay lost. 
bad The less said about THAT ending, the better. But as a brief, brutal and nasty vignette showing the naked weirdness of an "authentic" exorcism, it's not sooo bad. 
very_bad While the Devil might have a claim to hold all the best tunes, on the evidence of this, he really needs a word with his film development department. 
very_bad A low-budget, low-watt belly botherer saved from history's dustbin by a few gruesome moments and a gob-smack of an ending that (almost) makes it worth the slog. 
very_bad To pad the running time, the end credits roll at a snail's pace; they do reveal the interesting fact that the possessed woman's 'contortionist double' is one 'Pixie Le Knot.' 
terrible Call it The Blair Exorcist Project ... 
bad Gentle reader, be prepared for a shock."The Devil Inside" is pure fiction. I know about the advertising campaign and that it's supposed to be based on a true story, but it's not. It has a screenwriter, director and everything, even professional actors. 
terrible It's not just a dull, witless, horror film, it's also an incredibly lazy one. 
terrible From the amateur acting, writing and directing to an ending that is shocking only in its stupidity, The Devil Inside will make you puke for all the wrong reasons. 
terrible A non-scary movie possessed by badness. 
very_bad Another feature to remind us all just how brilliant The Exorcist was back in '73 and how almost every possession flick since has paled by comparison. 
terrible Makes you appreciate what an excellently made movie "The Exorcist" was 
bad [A] limp mockumentary. 
terrible It's a supernatural, satanic stunt - and, judging by its astonishing grosses, it won't be the last of its kind. 
terrible Suggests at least this much: the race for Worst Film of the Year is going to be extremely competitive. 
terrible This is how the world ends: not with a bang or a whimper but with a URL. 
terrible "The Devil Inside'' usefully reminds us how little it takes to make some people scream in a crowded movie theater. 
terrible People of the world: If you find some footage, leave it be. You will likely be doing the rest of us a huge favor. 
terrible Despite a handful of fine freak-outs, this exorcise routine rarely elevates the heart rate. And its contemptuous conclusion offers a compelling case for euthanizing the found-footage genre altogether. 
terrible According to the advertisements, the Vatican did not endorse The Devil Inside. Smart move, Vatican. It's not that it's a terrible movie. It's just a stupid movie. 
terrible The film devolves into a kind of exorcism-themed Real World episode, replete with "confessionals" in which the characters tearfully air their frustrations. As if we cared. 
very_bad Whatever possessed Bell & Co. to turn a slow-burning creepfest into a frenzied freak show of multiple exorcisms (including one in a moving car), the devil only knows. 
terrible You can see where this is going, and the filmmakers can see that you can see. So they rush to the hideous yet hilarious climax in little more than an hour and then pad the running time with the slowest-moving credits ever. 
very_bad The "fake documentary horror film" genre seems to have totally run its course, creativity-wise. 
bad While it doesn't exactly reinvent the inverted cross, The Devil Inside definitely puts a nifty indie spin on the demonic possession genre. 
terrible Clearly, when a cheapie pickup like "Paranormal Activity," which Paramount released a few years ago, turns into franchise gold, there's just no stopping the banality. 
terrible The Devil Inside joins a long, woozy-camera parade of found-footage scare pictures, among them The Blair Witch Project, the Paranormal Activity films and certain wedding videos that won't go away. 
very_bad The Devil Inside just comes across as lazy and unnecessarily serious given how silly it becomes -- if it had just a touch of lightness, at least it'd feel like we were laughing with it instead of at it. 
terrible This is only the second time in my history as a critic that I've given a movie a ZERO score. The only thing scary about it is that people with be suckered into paying good money to see this. Would have done Ed Wood proud. 
very_bad Never are you really invested in any of this, as the movie is pervaded by lead-footed artificiality and the growing stink of crass marketing. 
very_bad The mother/daughter drama should have played a bigger part in this film as the 87-minute runtime passes quickly and leaves us feeling utterly short-changed. 
terrible It's better when you don't show too much - but if your story is about the supernatural, eventually you're going to have to come up with something. "The Devil Inside" can't. 
terrible Here it is just the first week of January, and already we have a strong candidate for the worst movie of 2012. 
terrible One shudders to think of how many worthwhile horror films Paramount passed up to acquire this terribly drab junkpile. 
terrible Far too cheap, familiar and flat-out dull to be frightening. 
terrible This is Mobius strip marketing. 
terrible The ending for The Devil Inside was so bad and people were jeering so loudly you would have thought Mel Gibson just walked into the synagogue on Saturday. 
terrible On the bright side, I now have my very own official "The Devil Inside" rosary beads. . .at least I hope they are rosary beads. 
terrible The Devil Inside is a terrible, uninspired, hack "found footage" flick whose trailer gives away every "scary" sequence!" 
terrible too illogical and lame to do anything but make you mad 
terrible Horror fans hoping to start 2012 with a bang are about to be in for a very rude awakening. 
fair The Devil Inside is home to moments that will shock, scare, disturb, and leave you gasping. It's a trip to the dark side that's well worth taking. 
terrible There are some pretty decent stunts-especially the one where the two main Uni-Sols go rappelling face-first down Hoover Dam-but they hardly make this $23-million turkey worth your eight bucks. 
bad With no real plot tying them together, the impressively staged big scenes become empty exercises in logistics, while the smaller scenes never develop any momentum. 
good Roland Emmerich's best film, and Lundgren's best acting job. Admittedly that ain't saying much in either case, but a fun flick all in all. 
fair In the end, the main drawback is the brainlessness of the story and the lack of a believable emotional payoff. 
bad Universal Soldier may flex its muscles at every opportunity, but it's still second-rate Schwarzenegger. 
very_bad Even with this early movie, [Emmerich] had a propensity for stealing cliches from other movies... 
bad I suppose there is a market for this sort of thing among bubblebrained adolescents of all ages, but it takes a good chase scene indeed to rouse me from the lethargy induced by dozens and dozens of essentially similar sequences. 
bad With noirish lighting and most of the running time spent inside offices or cramped domestic rooms, Eastwood keeps the film claustrophobic, sometimes unpleasantly intimate. 
bad A lumbering miscalculation... 
bad J. Edgar provides an intriguing look at one of America's icons but Eastwood fails to deliver a cohesive narrative or enough compelling insight into his subject. 
very_bad The consistently negative study of Hoover, along with pell-mell story telling and a melodramatic and silly gay romance, make J. Edgar a disappointing film. 
bad Despite the odd sharp observation, somehow J. Edgar comes off like the Max Fischer Players' production of Serpico... [Blu-ray] 
very_bad A failure, but an interesting failure when you step back and contemplate the project as a whole. Not really anybody's idea of a good time at the cinema that, though, is it? 
terrible Needless to say, as J Edgar ages, DiCaprio flounders. It is simply preposterous for him to play a 77-year-old man! All the elderly prosthetic make-up in the world cannot disguise his adolescent cheekbones from beaming through. 
bad A decent take on one of America's most prolific political figures and people with an interest in American history will get a lot out of it 
bad DiCaprio keeps the film afloat, but J. Edgar lacks any real controversy and never fully reaches deep within the man's dark psyche. 
bad Hoover may have been the sweetest, kindest, gentlest man in the world, or he may have been a ruthless bastard; we wouldn't know from Eastwood's cautious portrayal of him. 
bad na senario poy se alla xeria eite tha ypefere ap' thn epilektikothta ths istorikhs toy afhghshs, eite tha pnigotan sto camp ths psyxologikhs toy aitiologhshs, anti na metatrapei se psyxraimo apologismo twn kalwn prothesewn poy odhgoyn sthn kolash 
very_bad Clint Eastwood's direction lacks focus, most notably in the film's pacing which makes J. Edgar's two-hour-plus running time feel even longer than it is, 
very_bad Besides a rip roaring performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, J. Edgar suffers from the heavy handed direction of Clint Eastwood who manages to turn this biopic on one of the most notorious men of all time into an uninspired bore. 
bad La detallada y convincente actuacion de Leo DiCaprio (bajo quilos de maquillaje) es el principal atractivo de esta biografia de J. Edgar Hoover. Es cuando se desnuda su alma torturada que la pelicula alcanza sus momentos mas intensos. 
bad Jamais consegue oferecer qualquer tipo de resposta para perguntas obviamente importantes em uma biografia como esta, a comecar pela mais relevante: quem era este homem? 
very_bad DiCaprio and Hammer work hard, but under Eastwood's half-hearted direction they merely seem like teenagers - wearing their father's suits, and with talcum powder salt-and-peppering their hair - out of their depth on a high school stage. 
bad Clint Eastwood misses the target, again, with laboured, sombre drama. 
very_bad This muddled melodrama adds up to a missed opportunity. 
bad Unfortunately, most will come out of viewing this film none the wiser about Hoover, but their faith in another DiCaprio triumph will be further endorsed. 
bad Eastwood rather deftly suggests a man who is both naive and repressed, while making it clear that what really drove him was his work - and his ego. 
very_bad Hoover was one of the darkest figures in US history but Eastwood and his scriptwriter have forgiven all in a hazy resignation to old age coming to everyone and love being what matters. 
very_bad One part Charles Foster Kane to three parts Elmer Fudd. 
very_bad Given that the man is among the most controversial figures of recent US history, making a film this tedious really takes some doing. 
bad Without enough on-screen drama this can sometimes feel like a bum-numbing slog but it provides insight into Hoover's career, brought to life by a stunning DiCaprio. 
bad Hoover has been portrayed for so long by the Left as a monster that it's refreshing to see Eastwood illuminate his achievements... 
bad The picture has many fine qualities and is a rewarding watch... 
bad J. Edgar is earnestly watchable. But it makes no contribution to a better understanding of Hoover... 
very_bad The effect of Hoover on America itself is largely ignored, its speculations are cramped, and its actors hampered with plastic, padding and wigs. 
very_bad Eastwood's sluggish biopic fails to unravel the heart of this polarising character as it hops back-and-forth in time, despite a fiery and charismatic performance from Leonardo DiCaprio. 
bad [DiCaprio] pulls off this utterly thankless task better than you would imagine and a third best actor Oscar nomination surely beckons. 
bad J. Edgar is not without its flaws but remains worth watching thanks to a terrific central performance from DiCaprio and strong support from Armie Hammer. 
bad Uneven but not without interest and peppered with arresting moments, hopefully J. Edgar won't mark the last time Clint steps behind the camera. 
good A pleasing, intelligent film happy to describe Hoover's behaviour as monstrous but too balanced and searching to damn him as a monster. 
bad Like DiCaprio's make-up, Clint Eastwood's biopic tries to cover too much. 
good A handsome, ambitious period drama full of modern-day parallels. 
bad With so much material to choose from (career, filing innovations, politics, sexuality, 'secret files'), it is near-impossible to chronicle the life of J. Edgar Hoover in a feature film. 
very_bad How Eastwood has managed to create so dull a film is actually quite stunning. 
bad J. Edgar is a love story. The fact that one of the lovers is someone you wouldn't want at your dinner table means that the film is handsome, well crafted, but not nearly as involving as it might have been. 
very_bad ...a colossal misfire that is, above all else, downright boring for much of its overlong running time... 
very_bad A laboured, morally questionable portrait of the would-be power broker that, moreover, is badly undermined by some dubious special-effects decisions. 
fair The biggest problem with the film is its strict adherence to the familiar biopic formula of taking place entirely within a nest of flashbacks. 
good Hoover's lack of credibility as the narrator of his own story makes this yet another of Eastwood's confrontations with America's proud yet contradictory national history, as previously examined in such films as 'Unforgiven' and 'Flags of Our Fathers.' 
bad Not really a convincing and three-dimensional portrait of the life of Hoover. 
terrible Not only among the year's worst films, but it marks the rock bottom of Eastwood's output as director. 
bad The picture has more of a "greatest hits" feel, rather than the feeling of a comprehensive, vivid portrait of the man's life. 
good DiCaprio again proves to be a chameleon capable of tackling any task set before him. 
very_good The portrait is not sensationalistic -- and while I wouldn't go so far as to call it sympathetic, neither would I call it unsympathetic. 
bad The sort of staidly respectable, competently directed biopic that gives a bad name to competently directed biopics, and possibly to respectability. 
fair DiCaprio's performance is something to admire, the movie around it less so. 
fair ... occupies a safe middle ground between expose and unrequited romance.... the opposite of an Oliver Stone smear job: a careful, rigorously fair-mined depiction of a man who deserved less and, in a bizarre way, more. 
fair J Edgar and Incomplete Portrait 
good Between the cross-dressing and pleas of 'Please don't leave me, Clyde!' brace yourself to see the vulnerable underbelly, literally and figuratively, of an anguished icon knocked off his pedestal. 
good cleverly uses the familiar tropes of the biopic against itself to blur the lines between verifiable fact, elaboration and pure speculation 
very_bad Eastwood's take on J. Edgar Hoover feels like a major miscalculation. &#8233; 
fair Exquisitely designed and directed, with finely tuned performances that shine even through some heavy make-up, this true story never quite succeeds in conveying its central relationship. 
terrible Clint Eastwood and Leonardo DiCaprio are to be commended for wanting to make an old-fashioned biopic, educating people on an American legend. But did they have to make it so long, boring, and uninformative? 
terrible Goes wrong in just about every way that a biopic can go wrong. Plenty of wrong choices, starting with the makeup 
very_bad High expectations but low delivery; one of the major disappointments of the year 
good Performances by DiCaprio, Hammer and Dench make this Eastwood film worth your two-plus hours. 
good A great performance inside just a good movie. 
bad J. Edgar is a noble failure, but a failure all the same. 
fair The focus, for better or worse, renders this less a comprehensive biopic, more a Brokeback Bureau. 
fair The history of J. Edgar Hoover's life and the times in which he served are interesting, the man - and his character - are not. 
bad Because Hoover is both complex and enigmatic, it's no wonder that that 'J. Edgar' is only fitfully engaging. 
bad It's so careful that it rarely rises above bland, even though its central figure is anything but. 
bad Easily the best thing Eastwood has done in years, though that's not exactly praise considering the director's recent years include such turgid duds like Gran Torino, Invictus and Hereafter. 
good In the end, the reality comes from a physically and emotionally persuasive performance, with the stiff body language and precise diction of someone afraid to show weakness. 
very_bad The movie has too many weaknesses to overcome. They include the heavy layers of prosthetic latex makeup on the aging characters, a desaturated color scheme draining the screen of vitality, a sparse piano-driven instrumental score, inconsequential... 
bad The man who early on in his career realized the power of having secret files on the biggest movers and shakers of his generation deserved better than this overprotective biopic treatment. For once, I'd lobby for the Oliver Stone approach. 
bad It's a perfectly mediocre picture typical of award season, running too long with some good performances but lacking a definitive punch. 
very_bad I suppose the ultimate failings of J. Edgar have to be laid at the feet of Clint Eastwood, which I hate to do because he continues to hold the title of 'senior citizen you'd least want to tangle with in a bar fight.' 
bad J. Edgar may be well-made and well-acted, but it's also bloodless, unfocused and at times regrettably dull. 
fair Usually the tautest of directors, Clint Eastwood has gone all slack here, allowing his subject to get completely away from him. 
bad Eastwood delivers an entertaing enough Best Hits version of Hoover's eventful life. 
bad DiCaprio's braying, scowling performance is reminiscent of an impersonator rather than a human being. His constriction works hand-in-jowl with this straight-jacketed film that, other than make-up, displays few layers. 
good Directed with a steady hand, "J. Edgar" is a film with much more flash then substance. A straight-forward biography, the film moves along evenly. But with no emotional high or low point, there is nothing that makes you sit up and take notice. 
terrible We get straightforward narration and expository dialogue that introduces each time-traveling vignette and dictates Hoover's tiresome "me versus them" rationalizations for whatever unscrupulous thing he did to stop them. 
fair Such a wildly divergent story might have been told more effectively with a heaping helping of style, but Eastwood plays it safe while the screenplay is full of all kinds of innuendo and subtle dark humor. 
fair A solid but staid portrait of a fascinating man. 
bad Two hours spent with the man are such a chore that it's hard to imagine why lifelong confidants Tolson and Gandy suffered his toxic, rapid-fire company for entire decades. 
fair Although Hoover's luster faded as his career went on, Eastwood's movie seems wan from the start. 
very_good This one at least keeps us thinking and puzzling well after the credits roll. 
bad Sorry, fans of dynamic, emotional, storytelling. 
very_bad It's not often that a Clint Eastwood movie ends and the first words out my mouth are, "That's it?" 
very_bad J. Edgar is the latest in Clint Eastwood's late-period series of stately duds. 
bad A biopic about the director of the FBI for 50 years whose legacy is today's us-versus-them approach in public life. 
best It's about more than the dress. 
bad A fascinating if flawed film about a fascinating and flawed figure. 
bad Even though "J. Edgar" never cracks the code of its title character, I was absorbed by its swift 136 minutes. 
fair For all its virtues -- or, perhaps, because of them -- J. Edgar is a disappointment. 
bad Leonardo DiCaprio takes on the role of J. Edgar Hoover with his usual gusto, but the resulting film offers a detached, meandering account of the controversial figure. 
bad This is conceptually interesting, but it's clumsily delivered by Eastwood, whose movie is a succession of dull interior scenes, expository conversation and fractured chronology. 
good This far-from-perfect film is hobbled by uneven performances and a script studded with historical bullet points. But it's a strong tribute to Eastwood's personal vision. 
fair J. Edgar is an arduous trek through the history books, a gloomy glide down the marble halls of a Washington institution. 
fair That "J. Edgar'' never ultimately convinces - that at times it's quite entertainingly bad - can be blamed on both an unfocused script and the project's very bigness. 
good Somewhat academic, and deliberately paced, J. EDGAR is still a measured, thoughful biopic, featuring a surprisingly uncanny performance from DiCaprio. 
fair DiCaprio's performance keeps us tuned in and intrigued 
fair Eastwood and DiCaprio have delivered a nuanced story about a man, a mythos, and an institution that relies on the facts rather than the legend. 
fair What's the motivation for the earnest, handsome, well-acted, unenlightening, workaday J. Edgar in 2011? 
bad Watching J. Edgar reminded this critic of sitting in a dimly lit history class after tossing back a tablespoon of NyQuil. 
very_bad A dreary slog through 40 years of history that were nowhere near as dull as what's onscreen here. 
bad It's gratifying to see an old bully outed as a hypocrite, but by distracting us from bigger crimes, "J. Edgar" is a public enemy. 
fair "J. Edgar" too often feels like the rough draft of the great movie it could have been; a character sketch, not quite a portrait. 
good DiCaprio wrings truth out of a cipher. The Hoover of both headline and whispers comes into sharp relief in this Oscar-beckoning performance. 
bad J. Edgar Hoover is an unpleasant guy, and spending two-plus hours with him is not a fun experience. 
bad Ultimately undone by a whole lot of bad decisions. 
good This may be a closety film about a closety character, but the tensions between Eastwood's direction and the script he's directing keep us off-guard in an intriguing way. The results, whatever one thinks of them, may be square, but they're all of a piece. 
fair J. Edgar eloquently argues its case by skipping through Hoover's entire career, from the founding of the Bureau in 1935 to his death in 1972. 
bad An occasionally dull and rarely engaging run-of-the-mill biopic, J. Edgar plays things far too safe for a story about one of the most polarizing figures in American history. 
very_bad Disappointing and unentertaining 
bad It's all too earnest, to the point of serving, unwittingly or otherwise, as an apologia. 
good Despite being buried in layers of prosthetic latex, DiCaprio is a roaring wonder as J. Edgar Hoover. Even when the film trips on its tall ambitions, you can't shake it off. 
bad Clint Eastwood's biopic of J. Edgar Hoover has elements of a good drama, but merely brushes over the various controversies in a suprisingly humdrum narrative. 
bad Well-acted biopic tackles complex character; OK for teens. 
bad Clint Eastwood's "J. Edgar" is a lumbering miscalculation, a slow and clumsy re-think of the late F.B.I. founder J. Edgar Hoover's life and career that views his him through the lens of his alleged homosexuality. 
fair It is flawed but ultimately captivating. 
good DiCaprio wears the persona of Hoover with ease, again reminding audiences that the young man who made so many girls swoon with Titanic has grown into an actor of great range and capability. 
good DiCaprio is as effective as possible while laboring under pounds of aging makeup. He is, by all accounts, OK. 
bad Too ambiguous, too gentle and too noncommittal to get the job done. 
very_good As a period biopic, "J. Edgar" is masterful. Few films span seven decades this comfortably. 
very_bad Kind Of A Drag 
bad If only Black or Eastwood had an idea of purpose or a definite statement about Hoover (The movie offers ample opportunities), those parts could have made a cohesive whole. 
good "J. Edgar" is a somber, enigmatic, darkly fascinating tale, and how could it be otherwise? 
bad As a colorful chapter in American infamy, it's a story worth telling in a better, more suspenseful film, but J. Edgar does not hang together. 
bad Leonardo DiCaprio has the unenviable task of playing a character without a single redeeming feature. 
fair This is not quite the be-all, end-all biopic of J. Edgar Hoover that prospective viewers were expecting, or at least hoped for. 
very_bad J. Edgar is infuriatingly coy and noncritical about its subject, an undeniable patriot but also an alarmist and a ruiner of lives. 
bad A non-controversial movie about a controversial figure. 
bad May not be the sort of disingenuously heroic tale Hoover would've spun about himself, but it's too scattershot to feel entirely true -- or at least convincing. 
good Images of the living, yet decaying, body are what turn a cookie-cutter biopic into something far more personal. 
good The film ages DiCaprio convincingly, Hammer less so. Still, Hammer almost steals the show. While DiCaprio has some noteworthy scenes, it's tough to forget it's the actor playing Hoover. In contrast, Hammer and Watts disappear into more subtle roles. 
fair Mr. Eastwood doesn't just shift between Hoover's past and present, his intimate life and popular persona, he also puts them into dialectic play, showing repeatedly how each informed the other. 
bad Leonardo DiCaprio, grounded and sure, has commitment to spare. His portrayal of Hoover is undeniably terrific. 
very_bad Power doesn't necessarily make intriguing character. Is Clint next considering a movie about Henry Kissinger or Karl Rove? 
good For all its rough edges, J. Edgar is finally a thought-provoking emotion picture of deep sadness, a far-ranging elegy disguised as a historical drama. 
good J.Edgar is one of the best films of 2011. 
bad There is skill and craft to every scene and DiCaprio's performance is solid, but J. Edgar never feels like some of Eastwood's most focused work. 
good The resonating images of Hoover are of a man increasingly and tragically out of step with time. Thankfully, it's been quite the opposite for Eastwood. 
terrible Represents a low point no Eastwood aficionado can ignore. 
good While the essence of J. Edgar remains ambivalent and inscrutable, Leonardo DiCaprio emerges as a definite Oscar contender. 
very_bad A terminally uninvolving documentary... 
good The doc could easily have tipped into caricature or grotesquerie, but Cohen's compassion for his subjects keeps the project steady and respectful. 
fair There is much unhappiness on display in The Manor, and it is shown with warts-and-all intimacy by Shawney Cohen. 
good A shockingly honest and often heartbreaking film ... 
good A fine directorial debut, at once frank and compassionate. 
good Few films capture the vibe of live music as well as this sublime documentary. 
bad There are pleasures to be found in the crotchety maternal interplay between Sarandon and Ellen Burstyn ... 
bad Working against the sublime, hilly backdrop of Dundas, director Jason Stone keeps his pacing elegant and the atmosphere moody. 
very_bad The dread barely bobs above sea level, despite efficient performances from Sarandon and the talented, underworked supporting cast. 
bad All in all, a solid if rather daft film. 
very_bad The Canadian serial-killer-hunt script is less satisfying and heavily signposted throughout, so that even Sarandon's Detective Hazel Micallef seems a bit bored by it and sends out her new deputy (Topher Grace) to do most of the legwork. 
terrible There is almost nothing about The Calling that sets it aside from a hundreds of crime thrillers that are churned out from Hollywood year in, year out. 
fair Dark and haunting, this Canadian thriller has an offhanded style that balances a grisly mystery with real-life humour, plus characters who are easy to identify with. 
very_bad The Calling isn't so much an awful film as a flat and unremarkable one ... 
bad A parable for assisted suicide which keeps its political hand well covered. 
bad It's all quite ridiculous but it has some creepy scenes ... 
bad It's handsomely shot, filmed with a crisp, chilly edge and plenty of natural light. But the visual realism locks horns with a ruinously predictable - and increasingly silly - narrative. 
bad This engaging -- but, crucially, never quite gripping -- thriller is a gloomy yet classy affair. 
bad More character-driven than gory, The Calling is a slow-burner, but it's laced with pitch-black humour and appealing character quirks. 
very_bad Too one-dimensional to be a character study, and too dull to be a thriller, The Calling is disappointing not just because of its bland, procedural tone but also because it completely wastes a truly impressive cast. 
fair An engrossing psycho-thriller. 
bad Faith-themed crime thriller has graphic violence, language. 
bad The Calling seems like it might be trying to be a horror flick for the Fargo set. 
terrible Almost miraculously finds a way to waste the prodigious talents of Susan Sarandon, Ellen Burstyn, and Donald Sutherland. 
bad It comes to the screen as a clumsy tale, alas, but a strong cast that includes Oscar winner Susan Sarandon elevates matters somewhat. 
very_bad What not even Sutherland can do, and which eventually makes you want to lie down on the floor just like Sarandon, is make The Calling convincing or compelling. 
fair Basically this is the story of some major talents having to make do, once again, with a minor film. And that's a crime too, if not quite a sin. 
bad all suspense-less smoke and minor-key mirrors 
bad Here's a mystery: what the heck is Susan Sarandon doing north of the border in a low-budget Canadian thriller called The Calling? 
fair It aims high and doesn't quite hit the mark. Simply put, The Calling needed to go more in depth with its ideas. 
good A well-paced thriller that will have you guessing until the end, "The Calling" comes to us courtesy of first time feature director Jason Stone. 
bad The Calling never does find its own number in this lottery of thriller cliche, but the combination it pulls from the plastic barrel feels as fun, as familiar and just as campy as a game of small-stakes bingo played in a church basement. 
good It's remarkable what a little care and attention can do for a familiar genre, and Jason Stone's The Calling has been made with more than a little of both. 
bad The cast is so good, they elevate and expand the movie. 
terrible A somber, supernatural meditation on ritualistic murder... 
very_bad The premise of faith-based assisted suicide as a motivating factor for a madman's killing spree is initially intriguing, but quickly revealed as solemn window dressing. 
good Bless me father for I have slain! 
good More than 'Fargo' meets 'Se7ven' ... Sarandon's portrayal of the surly, embittered small-town police chief is so assured and nuanced, we'd welcome a Hazel Micallef mystery franchise. 
very_bad [The cast's] ardent professionalism... helps tamp down the hysteria that might be expected to spring from the premise of a Catholic serial killer. Then again, this grisly murder party could have used some livening up. 
best The King's astonishing last hurrah. 
fair A tip of the hat to Chan for taking a break from his big-budget Hollywood mugging to return to his roots and do what he does best: shake up the streets of Hong Kong. 
bad Chan se sai muito bem em um papel mais dramatico do que de costume, mas, embora as sequencias de acao sejam eficazes, o filme e longo demais e acaba perdendo o ritmo em varios momentos. 
very_good Rebels of the Neon God still brims with the panache of someone still figuring himself out... 
very_good Tsai's film is steeped in sweaty ennui. Somehow he's managed to capture the humid closeness of city dwelling on celluloid. 
very_good [Rebels of the Neon God] is the director's most accessible film. That will seem like a funny observation once you've seen it, because Tsai's most accessible film is more unusual and uncompromising than any you're likely to see this year. 
good Tsai's work sees generational defiance as a symptom of the ennui felt by their young subjects as they drift into adulthood, and Rebels' unusually sharp focus on that theme makes it an accessible primer. 
fair Its relatively conventional approach (including a recurring musical theme!) doesn't obscure the beautiful, enigmatic tone that's long set Tsai apart. 
very_good Tsai Ming-liang's debut makes one yearn for an alternative reality where it, not Pulp Fiction, became the beacon of '90s independent filmmaking. 
best Using very little camera movement and a good deal of humor, pathos, and rained out cityscapes, the director crafts an enjoyable, fast-paced, but still poignant, look at modern loneliness. 
terrible De tao ruim, torna-se divertido. Com o perdao do trocadilho: onde Milland estava com a cabeca quando aceitou participar desta coisa? 
good Charming, wordless, book-based holiday fable for all ages. 
fair well-written, well-directed and well-acted genre film 
good Um inteligente drama policial que se preocupa mais com o desenvolvimento de seus personagens (e com as relacoes entre estes) do que com tiroteios e reviravoltas. 
bad Far too light on action to be very exciting, and far too generic and familiar to be genuinely intriguing, Infernal Affairsis ultimately a forgettable affair. 
best Everything you'd want in a police action thriller: powerhouse performances, Grade A production values, a good script and suspenseful direction. 
good Solid character-centric piece that's more interested in psychology than in gritty action sequences. 
very_good ...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy. 
fair I appreciated the filmmakers' conviction to keep the story as gutsy as possible. The film doesn't flinch. 
very_good Beauty in its consistent, washed-out blues and silvers, grace in its understated, intense male performances and energy in its unyielding commitment to tone and tension. 
good What makes it special is the inner turmoil caused by living a lie. If everyone you know and everything you do for 10 years indicates you are one kind of person, and you know you are another, how do you live with that? 
very_good A blistering thriller and an intelligent character study and a comic take-off on the conventions of thrillers. 
good This is the type of movie Asian action fans talk about when they say they love the genre. 
good The twists offered in Infernal Affairs ... take the genre to enthralling new heights, guaranteeing that any future such efforts will have an entirely new bar for which to aim. 
very_good A beautifully crafted, exciting story that keeps on surprising you to the very end. 
very_good Infernal Affairs is the combustible Hong Kong fever dream that would emerge from a night spent watching Heat and Donnie Brasco back to back. 
bad Skilfully directed by cinematographer Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Infernal Affairs has the feel of a made-for-prime-time U.S. police thriller. 
bad A great cop yarn. 
best Asia is seizing another of our taken-for-granted, creatively neglected staples, the cop movie, and again shows us how relevant and entertaining it can be when given proper respect. 
good The performances and plot make it worth seeing, and the film presents a valuable opportunity to sample the original while we wait for what will surely be a must-see remake. 
bad A high tension police drama set in Hong Kong where the operations of both the police and crime syndicates are hobbled by moles within their organizations. 
good It offers a fairly fresh variation on a done-to-death genre. 
bad Even when the film is in danger of getting bogged down in its own complications, the hard-boiled poetry of its images is arresting. 
good It overflows with psychological intrigue, something often missing from such offerings. 
good A consistently engrossing thriller. 
very_good The movie's engine is the relationships and the characters' inner lives, all of it boiling with emotional intensity. 
good It's hard to resist the charismatic teaming of Tony Leung and Andy Lau as a cop and a criminal wearing like hats for cross purposes. 
good This is a real grabber. 
bad It's a cop movie that's constantly trying to convince you it's not just a cop movie 
very_good This is a movie that gets its hooks into you early, and no chance is it letting go. 
fair Gritty and noirish 
bad Infernal Affairs could be the syllabus for "The Effects of Michael Mann, Tony Scott, and the American Police Procedural on Asian Cinema." 
bad It's refreshing enough to make up for its occasional missteps in the storytelling department. 
very_good ... furiously paced, full of drama, and as tense as elevator cable ... 
very_good This stripped-down noir, about a pair of detectives leading undercover lives, signals a new era for Hong Kong filmmaking. 
fair Don't let the title fool you. Instead of a hit piece on Michael Moore's politics, Wilson examines his techniques, particularly the dishonest approaches he uses in filmmaking. 
very_bad Wilson parece ser uma boa pessoa (e Jillette e sempre genial), mas o filme comete muitos dos mesmos erros atribuidos a Moore (que merece, sim, uma reprimenda publica). 
good Wilson makes it clear that he doesn't share Moore's political beliefs, but the film isn't about ideology as much as accountability. The theme is: How does he get away with it? 
very_bad Full of sex and bathroom humor. Not for kids. 
bad ...doesn't so much try to send up other spy films as it tries to one-up its own predecessor in this second go-round. 
good It's gone from being a hip little party to being a big bash where the stars turn out. 
bad By the end, Spy recycles its own gags, not just ones from the first movie. 
fair In ways better than the original, 'The Spy Who Shagged Me' is a rehash of the same story with new cast members and new takes on familiar jokes. 
bad Something of mixed reaction, a movie in which Myers remains an influencing screen presence, but the script doesn't do him justice. 
bad Packed with gags - some clever, many lame and almost all puerile - the film has too many dead spots between the laughs, and I caught myself checking my watch almost as often as I chuckled. 
fair Too many scenes end on a flat note! 
bad Absent are the freshness and spontaneity that characterized the original. 
bad When a satirical comedy loses its sense of discovery, there's not much reason for it to exist. 
bad After seeing his second adventure, you have to wonder how many times the same jokes can be played out before they start to overstay their welcome. 
fair Scatological doesn't even begin to describe it. Heather Graham is crap too. 
fair Another scattershot adventure with a few good chuckles but not quite as funny as it believes it is--or should be. 
bad Too long even if it were twice as funny. 
fair Clever, witty, enjoyable, fun and almost as fresh and original as the first one! 
good Really, really funny! 
very_good Shagged serves up at least 25 guffaws and a lot more mojo than most comedies! 
fair I laughed like a fool! 
fair Overall, actor Mike Myers did an absolutely smashing job with this light-weight script while playing three roles to boot. 
good An action-packed and energetic ode to the 60s, and every spy movie ever made. 
best A strong stand alone comedy, and a welcome return to the screen for fans of Mike Myers' work! 
good It's a summer flick that more than delivers on its promise, and becomes a better chapter than its predecessor. 
bad Despite an oversupply of bathroom jokes and scattered scenes that play like outtakes, this is still a crafty, intermittently hilarious comedy. 
good Gibson keeps this movie afloat. 
good Mel Gibson is at his most megawatt movie star charming. 
good Though it isn't quite Oscar material, Mel Gibson gives what may be the most entertaining big-star performance of its year. 
good What Women Want may seem like a one-note sitcom sort of movie, but it's funnier and a layer or two deeper than that. 
bad Takes a promising idea and buries it under subplots and speeches that don't know when to quit. 
fair ...is there some clause written into [Helen Hunt's] contract that says she must have a scene in which she cries? 
bad The premise for What Women Want sounds like, and is, the dumbest thing going. 
good Lo que ellas quieren es una comedia ligera que narra lo que todos los hombres quisiramos saber: Qu rayos piensan las mujeres? 
very_bad Falha como comedia, como drama e como romance. 
terrible What a piece of tripe (no offense to tripe)! 
terrible Mel Gibson won't rest until you love him as much as he loves himself. 
good Nancy Meyers' wry What Women Want is all kinds of better than Nora Ephron's coincidence-laden Meg Ryan comedies... 
good certainly funny and entertaining, but it also strikes at some deeper truths about the contemporary state of male-female relationships. 
bad This movie doesn't pretend to be substantial, but it's still just barely passable as light fare. 
good Un guion inteligente y honesto muestra como ambos lados del universo humano son totalmente diferentes entre si, complementarios y sumamente complejos 
bad ...does not come across as effective as it might have... 
fair Mel Gibson's roguish advertising executive showcases his hitherto second-tier romantic comedy talents that borrow a whimsical wink from Maverick. 
bad This woman wants to have a long talk with the writer of this film. 
good boldly goes where other romantic-comedies have only flirted -- straight into the heads of women. 
good It's a romantic comedy with a distinctly modern, delicate but sharp, satirical cutting edge. 
fair It's lopsided, lighthearted escapism that's as breezy as the wind -- and about as substantial. 
bad Only Tomei's thoughts sound like actual thinking. 
good It's not boring and is often very funny, as in a solo dance that Nick does in his apartment, to Frank Sinatra singing 'I Won't Dance.' 
very_bad Meyer's direction is ham-fisted ... and the script's sexual politics are so sniggeringly anachronistic that Rock Hudson and Doris Day would be shocked. 
very_bad The film just never really does much with its initial great concept. 
bad Fans of bubbly romances can consider this a thumbs up. I call it a clenched-teeth concession at best. 
bad If the movie had the courage to show that women are complex people, it would be a much more inspired picture. 
bad Meyers' women have precious little on their minds. 
very_bad It says a lot about this film that the most moving moment it provides is a Nike commercial for female runners created by the real-life Weiden-Kennedy Agency. 
good A wonderfully sweet comedy which I would definitely pay to see again. 
good Gibson is sheer heaven in the movie. 
bad Where Groundhog Day stretched its one joke into several branches of hilarity, What Women Want stares its singular premise into the abyss of mediocrity. 
bad When the movie gets heavy-handed about how [Gibson's] becoming a better person, all the comedy disappears and what's left is swimming in mawkishness and bogus sentimentality. 
very_good The only complaint possible is that it is such a heart-warming story that you don't want it to stop. 
good It's most productive to view it for what it is -- a romantic comedy that is as entertaining as it is inconsequential. 
bad A conventional, sappy romantic comedy, a retread of the usual relationships explored by the film industry. 
very_bad Doesn't take many risks or explore any new territory. 
bad A film with a truly fascinating and clever premise that nevertheless collapses under the weight of everything that surrounds the central storyline. 
very_bad It's material we've seen before and the few oddball stamps feel painfully forced. It's not even good for a cry, dammit. At least these family dramas are usually good for a cry! 
very_bad As deadly as its funereal subject matter. 
bad Steve Howey, as a stoner-sage gay Hawaiian personal trainer, almost makes this worth watching all by himself. 
very_bad Contains an excess of self-impressed quirkiness that serves no real purpose and goes nowhere. 
good Hollywood, in its infinite wisdom, figures it can make better American pulp than the French can. As it turns out, Hollywood is right. 
terrible bah. rent the French original 
bad An okay remake of the better LA FEMME NIKITA. Captures the spirit, but not the intensity. 
very_bad Fonda looks great in that little black cocktail dress, but this studio remake robs the terrific original of its soul. 
very_bad Bridget looks great, but the film is hackneyed. 
bad A made-for-television movie clearly designed to capitalize upon the blockbuster success of The Exorcist, it is more worthy than its nearly nonexistent reputation might imply. 
good Somehow A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors has always been just a bit more enjoyable than the typical horror sequel. 
fair ...the mental-hospital setting [is] certainly a refreshing change from the suburban atmosphere that dominated the first two films. 
bad The burn-faced night stalker simply doesn't make the impression here as he did in the former two installments 
bad Arguably the most imaginative of the horror franchise, with a fair number of truly resonant scenes. 
very_good A great sequel 
good The Slasher genre took a different direction with this sarcastic killer who delights in torturing his victims, simulating the nightmares we all experience. 
fair Parts of it work extraordinarily well for a horror film of this vintage. And parts of it don't particularly work at all. 
bad The best 'Elm Street' film next to the 1984 original....Freddy's finest moment since his debut 
bad Can you not love this? 
fair The film's dream sequences are ingenious, and they feature some remarkable nightmare images and special effects. 
good The best of the "Nightmare" series 
bad This is when Freddy stopped being scary. Still has its moments, in a fantasy, rather than horror, sort of way. 
bad Easily the best of the sequels till A New Nightmare, but still nowhere near the original 
very_bad about as good as this series ever got, but that's not exactly high praise 
very_bad This is filmmaking by the numbers, without soul. 
fair Fun stuff if you're sitting around the house on a dark Saturday night, looking for a flic to give you the heebie-jeebies. 
best Stephanie Black puts into context the differences between the Jamaica seen by tourists and the country inhabited by its oppressed people. 
terrible Try to imagine the most boring lecture you've ever sat through, and you might have a vague conception of what it's like watching Life and Debt. 
good Here is a documentary that should be mandatory viewing for anyone interested in globalisation that, war or no war, remains one of the most contentious issues of our times. 
best Puts a human face - many human faces - on the debt crisis and the effects of open trade on a Third World country. 
good As an expose of such international carpetbagging, Life + Debt is brilliant stuff. 
bad However attractive the axe to grind, the haphazard lacework of narration, filmed television screen, disconnected scenes and endless headshots do not make for cinema, documentary or otherwise. 
bad It is provocative and highly resonant, and informative without being dry or terminally academic. 
very_good Fairly harsh, sobering stuff. 
very_bad I found myself daydreaming, looking at my watch, dozing off. 
fair An eye-opener and a primer on why the IMF and the World Bank are not to be trusted by emerging third-world countries. 
fair Black's tactics are heavy-handed, but her ability to efficiently organize the complex material at hand and capture telling imagery makes Life and Debt an equally elegant and vitriolic diatribe. 
good The details are often jaw-dropping. 
fair It's mostly persuasive in the position it argues. 
good ... after viewing Life and Debt, the audience's way of seeing things has been quietly and powerfully changed. 
very_good Some films are not meant to be entertainments. Some are 'simply' truth tellers. To the brave list add Life and Debt. 
good Politically devastating but all too one-sided documentary on the effect that globalizations has allegedly had on Jamaica. 
fair The damning commentary and revelations about the perils of globalization, not just for Jamaica but developing countries the world over, do come across loud and clear. 
good After viewing documentarian Stephanie Black's dour exegesis of the wrecked Jamaican economy ... only the most insensitive vacationer will want to set foot anywhere near the resorts and beaches of Montego Bay. 
very_good Offers the clearest analysis of globalization and its negative effects that I've ever seen on a movie or television screen. 
good If you're curious about why the demonstrators are so angry, this is why they're so angry. 
good While normal documentaries take the Sally Struthers approach of underlying scenes of starving children with tearful music, this film guides the viewer with a sarcastic voiceover that brings the troubles home without begging tears to the surface. 
good A thematic companion to Berlinger's 'Paradise Lost' trilogy, 'Whitey' is less a portrait of the 'hands-on killer who ran amok in the city of Boston for almost 30 years' than an expose of the misdeeds of law enforcement... 
good To produce a documentary about a trial in which there are no cameras in the courtroom, and there's zero access to the man on trial, is quite a challenge. Challenge accepted- this is a standout doc. 
very_bad Whitey: United States of America vs. James J. Bulger would have been a more engrossing film had it picked one angle and pursued it. 
good Within the confines of an under-two-hours running time ... Berlinger does an impressive job of keeping the film coherent and often fascinating. 
good With a large cast of wise guys, reporters, ex-cops, victims and lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, it's like five seasons of The Wire distilled into one epic episode. 
good "Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger" takes all of our accumulated experience of places like "Southie" and makes it real. Terrifyingly, frustratingly real. 
fair Soberly shifts emphasis to collateral damage and police corruption even as colorful characters with rich Boston accents and their crimes almost overwhelm the larger story. 
fair It's a complex case and Berlinger isn't always successful in keeping the story clear. 
fair Berlinger knows his stuff, and that understanding is reflected in the film, but the filmmaker ultimately dilutes his personal pursuit of justice for the FBI's transgressions by inviting us to feel bad for Boston's most notorious boogeyman. 
bad At times 'Whitey' plays like David Fincher's 'Zodiac': a mass of dead ends and bureaucratic incompetence that makes you wonder how justice is ever achieved, if at all. 
very_good [A] fascinating, expertly crafted film ... 
bad [It] leaves us wanting more - more on Bulger's childhood, more on the Irish gangs, more on the awful crimes themselves. 
good In every frame of the film, Berlinger's heart goes out to the victims and their survivors. 
very_bad By the end of the film, it can't help but read as another of Bulger's self-mythologizing claims that once made him a false Robin Hood for Southie. 
bad Fascinating and frightening. 
fair It seems too enamored with the seductive notion of an honorable criminal, too ready to take Bulger's justifications as actual indications of his relative innocence. 
good Berlinger needs to give his heavy-metal backdrop music a rest, but this is still one of his most ambitious films, vibrating with the same municipal unease as Chinatown. 
bad It's a compelling story. Trouble is, it isn't a terribly visual story, and this documentary doesn't serve it nearly as well as a book or lengthy article would. 
good Compelling, if understandably confusing plunge into the murky, slippery circumstances surrounding the criminal case of Boston's most infamous mobster 
bad Joe Berlinger covers all the angles quite well in Whitey: United States of America v. James J. Bulger, a straight-forward court case documentary. 
bad Ryan Reynolds shines in Marjane Satrapi's surreal portrait of an American psycho. 
bad "The Voices" has a lot going for it, but, sadly, its blend of terror and farce strikes a disingenuous chord. 
good By playing with storytelling rules, almost to the point of madness, Satrapi has elicited sympathy for the devil. 
very_bad Swerving between pink-hued small-town satire and visceral gore, The Voices aims for the ghoulish humour of Eating Raoul or Parents - and, for the most part, misses. 
good The unusual mix of laughs, lunacy and a touch of melancholy ensures The Voices will stick in your head. 
terrible It's wretchedly unfunny and tonally erratic, the striking production design notwithstanding. 
bad The film is gory, odd (with its scenes of talking animals and severed heads in fridges), horribly uneven but intermittently very funny in its own tasteless, grand-guignol fashion. 
terrible It is an overwhelmingly dislikable film, an intensely unfunny and unscary horror-comedy about a serial killer played by Ryan Reynolds on his most irritating form. 
bad Full-force performance form Ryan Reynolds but not as funny as it hopes it is. 
bad At least Reynolds looks like a man finding his way to take risks once more. 
good Reynolds has never been more charming or spine-chilling - often simultaneously - in what is a genuinely multifaceted tragicomic performance. 
terrible Its grisly parts lack any actual suspense, digressions towards serious pathos are embarrassing, and the parts it plays for tongue-in-cheek irony lack any actual wit. 
good Satrapi's bold, bright and entertaining creation is laced with a pitch-black, sometimes truly sick sense of humour; it's wrong on many levels but that's also what makes it so right. 
good Utterly bonkers, this movie confounds any attempt to categorise it, blending comedy, romance, horror and drama to become a true one-off... 
good Think of this stylish, quirky and quite grisly feature from Marjane Satrapi as a meeting of Psycho, Dexter and Dr. Doolittle. 
bad The movie has to be taken at face value: As a wacky and unsettling jaunt into sheer madness. 
fair Once it's decided that anything might be unreal, there are so many more places the narrative might have gone. 
good Casting Ryan Reynolds as a small-town geek who has trouble getting a date may seem as pointless as taking a loving cup to a Leafs game, but the bright-eyed Canadian star makes this dark, dark comedy twinkle with offbeat appeal. 
very_good The Voices has its share of shocks, but the greatest of all may be the combination of star and director. 
good A deeply warped, darkly funny and thoroughly depraved horror comedy. Ryan Reynolds gives one of his best performances. 
good The film presents an askew world that blends bright kitsch and a pop sensibility with the main character's dark inner life. Ryan Reynolds pulls off the challenge. 
fair Like Satrapi's other films,The Voices is stylish, striking, and lively. 
bad Satrapi's visual touches, like the pink of the warehouse and Jerry's bowling alley home (with its alternate fantasy-reality decorating), are both funny and melancholy. 
fair It's a delicate balance making us care about a deranged killer, but Reynolds succeeds with his warm-hearted, anxious performance. 
good I've always liked Reynolds for the most part, but he does his best work yet here in Satrapi's odd, pitch-black comedy about a man who talks to his dog and cat. And they talk back. 
best Appealing to look at, grotesque to bite into, and absolutely genius. 
fair Thirty years ago, during the height of the VHS boom, a movie like The Voices would be considered an envelope-pushing, clever cult classic 
good Simultaneously bizarre, humorous, disturbing and suspenseful. 
terrible A few big stars working in a minor key, a bit of macabre indie-film quirk, and presto! Instant junk. 
bad A flawed but amusing dark comedy that plays like a delightfully strange mix between Doctor Dolittle and American Psycho. 
good A genre-blending exploration of mental illness and murder, every one of its facets, from theme to tone to imagination, ratcheted up to the nth degree. 
good Ryan Reynolds is chillingly perfect as a nice-guy factory worker struggling with schizophrenia and murderous impulses in this tonally wild indie, which is nearly too horrifying to be funny - but not quite. 
good Fanciful, sweetly unbalanced and just right for the part, Mr. Reynolds gives his best performance in years. 
bad When [Ryan Reynolds' Jerry] hacks people into crimson mush we don't get glory shots of the gore. It's just not that kind of midnight movie. 
terrible For most of the film's running time, one mistakes the main character's callousness for the filmmakers'. 
good Ryan Reynolds finally flourishes in a twisted turn ... His comic chops on full display, he chews the well-designed, color-coordinated scenery. 
fair A seriously quirky piece of work... 
bad The Voices is a complete and utter mess - that said, I'm glad that it exists. It would take a stickler to begrudge the world of cinema something this odd 
good It's a genuine delight. 
bad The cast (including Reynolds) is terrific, and the direction is occasionally inspired, but in the end THE VOICES is far too morbid to work as a comedy. 
very_good A loopy, ghastly, funny, morbid and unforgettable 100 minutes 
bad The bolts are loose, the belts won't fasten and Satrapi's disreputable little creepshow finally doesn't amount to a hill of beans. Maybe that's fine. 
good Even with the talking cat, this movie is a lot more realistic than 'Silver Linings Playbook.' 
very_bad Forgettable but pretty entertaining sea-monster flick with a good cast and nice Greek locations 
very_bad O mais fraco dos recentes filmes de terror ambientados em cavernas, traz atores apenas medianos, um roteiro bobo e um final absolutamente desastroso. 
bad Were we pleased or frightened? Pleased, John. 
bad Technically gorgeous... But it's such a wreck of tone and intellect. 
best Wildly inventive, exceptionally cast and undeniably controversial, there's an endless list of subtexts and viewpoints which will fuel student pub debates for years. 
good Blistering, hallucinatory, often brilliant, the film by David Fincher is a combination punch of social satire and sociopathology. 
fair A movie that wants to keep its audience unsettled from beginning to end. 
good There's many levels of brilliance to this film, from the script to the acting to the cinematography to the overall directing. 
good Lurid, twisted, and violent. Not for kids. 
good where Taxi Driver sees the fallacy in canonizing Travis Bickle, Fight Club does it without irony. 
very_good The last great male-centric movie of the last millennium just arrived on a spectacular new Blu-ray disc for its 10th anniversary, providing the opportunity to relish every aspect of David Fincher's ultimate dissection of Gen-X masculinity. Fight Club</ 
very_good A complex, confused look at life in late-'90s America, David Fincher's blood-black comedy Fight Club remains one of the most divisive pictures of the past 20 years. 
best Fight Club is still today a definitive film, a statement as strong as any rock anthem and twice as packed with power chords. 
best One of the seminal films of the 1990s...just as darkly funny, epic, and psychically wrenching as ever. [Blu-ray] 
bad May also be yet another example of a book that was just fine as a book -- that didn't need to be made into a film. 
fair I don't mind a film with a surprise ending but, rather than enhancing the film, the climactic revelation in Fight Club cancels out everything previously seen. In fact, the bitter end of the film is a hypocritical cop-out. 
good It might not be as controversial as it was back in 1999, but it's definitely just as relevant. 
best One of the greatest films ever made 
good In the future, all manner of society's ills in the future will be blamed on this movie. [But] this is a film that exposes evil, not one that glorifies it. 
fair It's a movie with all the warmth of a refrigerated meat locker at midnight. And who wants to hang around there? 
good This is a strange, agonized film--a darkly comic end-of-the-millennium fable with unforgettable performances and visuals. The writing is tight, smart and edgy; there's no question it hits a chord with our consumer-crazed lifestyle. 
bad If it had all continued in the vein explored in the first act, it might have become a great film. But the second act is pandering and the third is trickery. 
fair What puts the fight in Fight Club is Fincher's visual wizardry. 
good Fight Club is not just a movie, but a wake up call to a disenfranchised generation sick of being told by advertising what to drive, wear, buy, smoke, drink and eat in order to be cool. 
best [Jack's] search may not necessarily be over at the end, but a new one by the audience may have commenced. Any film that makes you question yourself must be doing something right. 
best Rock-'em, sock-'em, sharp satire is among the best films of the '90s. 
best An absolutely amazing movie, as subversive as it gets. It's a wonder it ever got made, especially by a major studio. 
best Delivers a sucker punch to the audience and then pulls the rug out from under it. It is sensational. 
best Um retrato perturbador da inquietacao do homem moderno. 
best Fischner's ability to subvert expectation by delivering such an ultimately positive message is the film's greatest achievement. 
very_good La pelicula es visualmente impresionante, pero es tambien impresionante en si... 
best Its effectiveness lies in the timing of shock moments that invariably threaten to make you laugh, despite the political incorrectness of it all. 
very_good Norton's performance is just shy of brilliant 
good An incendiary, psychotic film surely guaranteed to polarize both critics and audiences alike 
very_good This is movie that sears the nerves, that immediately draws a line in the dirt and demands that you stand on one side or the other. 
terrible If you like movies like "NBK" and "RD" then you must see this movie. If you don't have a strong stomach and don't like violence. Stay home. Trust me on this. 
best A funny, powerful, flashy, tragic film that plays with your perceptions and with your preconceptions about movies and society. 
good The director of Seven and The Game for the first time finds subject matter audacious enough to suit his lightning-fast visual sophistication, and puts that style to stunningly effective use. 
best The Fight Club is a memorable and superior motion picture - a rare movie that does not abandon insight in its quest to jolt the viewer. 
very_good Fight Club is a fast paced rush of adrenaline boasting amazing performances from both Pitt and Norton. 
good This movie is dangerous. 
good Simply rough and thick! Even though it loses punch during its extended running time it is still a vibrant contribution to the film world 
very_good It has a power that cannot be denied. And its misogyny is only skin deep. 
good An extremely well-made but rather muddle-headed film that delivers a solid blow to the belly, yet does not stand up to rigorous intellectual examination. 
very_good A thought-provoking mind-bender, a wake-up punch to our collective solar plexus. 
good [Fincher's] stunning visual style carries the film well past its faults. 
very_good Fight Club's long setup is the funniest stuff Fincher has ever directed, and it hits its corporate, materialistic target with better accuracy than Mike Judge's Office Space. 
very_good This movie is almost hypnotically weird, and I liked it for that very reason. Not everyone will. 
good The Fight Club is an awesome man flick. Sorry girlies. 
good Director Fincher knows atmosphere, and atmosphere is what you get. 
good Cinematic pop art 
good Dares to question American values in the most inventive ways since Dr. Strangelove. 
best See it or I'll have to fight you in the parking lot after work! 
good Vision de los peligros psicologicos en los que podemos caer gracias a nuestra tecnificada sociedad 
very_good A challenging piece of work, a film demanding that its viewers look past what's on its surface and find something deeper. 
good Dark, brutal and very funny, Fight Club is one of the most mesmerizing films to come along in quite a while. 
very_good Fight Club combines a physical rush with an intelligent script and features wonderful performances of sharply-defined characters. 
very_good The brightly written script by Jim Uhls literally bursts with memorable lines that will have you laughing and thinking. 
best A bracing, mesmerizing, bitterly funny and deeply unsettling fable. 
best The cool charisma of Norton and Pitt is ... vital in seducing us, and both actors carry themselves confidently while speaking their dialogue with tough, throaty assurance. 
best Hardcore masterpiece. 
fair The film may be violent and funny, but it's never simple. 
very_good See this film with a friend so you can console one another afterwards. 
very_good Fincher delves once again into the bowels of our uber-psyche -- quite literally in the propulsive, Dust Brothers-scored opening credits sequence -- and announces that a lot of us are walking very close to the edge. 
very_good Fincher, the director of Seven, leads you down a murky winding path of dark, dank cellars and alleys in which water drips incessantly and blood and sweat flow and coalesce as if choreographed by a Balanchine. 
best Physical violence may give the initial sting, but it's the film's psychological violence that leaves the lasting impression. 
good A real go-for-the-throat satire tracking the rising tide of rage in America. 
terrible Bloody mess of a guy film loses its battle to have any real meaning. 
good Director David Fincher has solidified a place for himself as the penultimate director of the 90's. 
very_bad Instead of a nasty story with life lessons, what we have is testosterone-driven lunatics who enjoy pain, the sight of blood, and hearing bones crunch. David Cronenberg might have succeeded with the material -- David Fincher doesn't. 
terrible If the first rule of Fight Club is 'Nobody talks about Fight Club,' a fitting subsection might be 'Why would anyone want to?' 
bad ...an incredibly brutal and pretentious film ostensibly about alienation in a modern desensitized world, a black comedy that entertains only on the most superficial level. 
bad Taking every scene on an individual basis, it is often madly brilliant, but put it all together, and it is a pretentious, incoherent mess. 
good A misguided but visually entrancing film that works better as satire. 
terrible This wannabe epic is forgettable, bland and way too long. 
fair "John Carter" is certainly an interesting idea for a film, with a power struggle on an alien world and an outsider affecting the balance, but sadly it never ends up fully working. 
good If Cecil B. DeMille were alive today and given the chance to direct a special effects-laden fantasy adventure on Mars, he might have made something similar to Andrew Stanton's visually stunning epic "John Carter." 
very_good One of the best sci-fi fantasy films in a long, long time. 
bad John Carter is a visual delight at times, but the classic story is tiresome and the characters are largely unmemorable, leaving a cold, only occasionally thrilling experience. 
fair An undeniable disaster...of marketing. Join me on a tour of media headaches, and why they don't necessarily reflect the quality of the movie itself. [Blu-ray 3D] 
good Under Stanton's care 'John Carter' is the kind of tremendous fun-filled film that's worth going to the theater to see. 
good John Carter is for fans of pure, joyous, escapist, adventure cinema. Seeing John Carter unfamiliar with the text; it's very clear that the original text has influenced a hell of a lot of Sci-fi flicks that we've seen before. 
good OK, they botched the title. But not the movie itself. 
bad Isn't the disaster some industry observers predicted, but it's not the high-gloss masterpiece some of us hoped for either. 
bad I understand John Carter likes being on Mars (superpowers + hot, intelligent princess). I just don't want to be there with him. 
very_good John Carter is an instant classic... Disney should be ashamed of themselves for treating Mars like a red-headed step planet. 
bad A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that's made watchable by swell effects, passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark. 
good Manages to overcome an inflated running time and occasional bouts of cuteness by remembering and embracing its pulp fiction roots as an 'interplanetary romance.' 
very_bad The finished entity feels like a rip-off of a film that ripped-off several rip-offs of Carter's own ancient source material. 
bad ...the movie's disappointingly flat atmosphere [is] perpetuated by Kitsch's competent yet bland work... 
best As one of Pixar's star players, Stanton is an experienced cinematic storyteller, which is why it's disappointing that his first live-action project is so unwieldy at times. 
very_bad an awesome folly, a misguided project of genuinely enormous proportions that feels like exactly what it is: an impersonal product of franchise-hungry corporate culture 
bad Romance, action, humor, and even some philosophical gristle: Is war a cosmic constant? Is anything worth fighting for? 
bad [Provides] dumbfounding sci-fi vistas in admirable quantity if not quite in creativity. 
bad With this production budget, you'd think someone in the creative chain might have detected that there was too much dramatic dithering in the screenplay, but entertainment factors survive. 
fair Ignore the naysayers, this is a very enjoyable action adventure 
very_good Great fun as we endure scrape after scrape in this wild, near-hallucinatory landscape, and director Stanton finds the right balance of cheerful solemnity and cheeky humor. 
fair It is fascinating to spend time with this visualization of Burroughs's Mars/Barsoom. 
very_bad With a narrative as flat and barren as the red martian landscape, John Carter is a big-budget sci-fi spectacle that fails to excite or entertain. 
good ... great fun ... 
fair It's too bad that Burroughs' ideas don't seem quite as fresh now that others have outraced Carter to the big screen. 
bad A film version of John Carter has been in the works since 1931. That means Hollywood has had 81 years to get a decent script together and this is the best they could do? 
very_bad Based on a 1912 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel, John Carter is an overlong, muddled mess of a film that should've waited another hundred years for a good script. 
fair There are some fantastic sights in John Carter, but there's also a lot of overkill, with Stanton and crew often cluttering up the visuals with the deranged frenzy of George Lucas retooling his Star Wars sagas. 
bad I felt like there was this awesome party going on that I just didn't have an invitation to. It seems that if you'd read the books, this would have been awesome. 
very_bad There's no surer-fire way for a film to ink its own $250-million obituary than by contrasting itself to two of Hollywood's most titanic films when it only has half the heart, soul and story of either one. 
bad There is no real sense of connection between human and alien - like between the Na'vi and Jake Sully - that would have pulled John Carter out of the grandiose B-movie league. 
bad Chega a surpreender que uma narrativa tao absurda em essencia tambem possa ser tao lenta e frequentemente entediante. 
good John Carter is a product of a simpler time, when sense of adventure was paramount, and the film has this in spades. 
fair A thoroughly entertaining adaptation of Burroughs's second most famous literary creation, with enough adventure and humor to satisfy all but those who are wholly dead inside. 
fair The entire story behind John Carter is the essence of high concept, especially in the day and age it was originally created... a blast of a film. 
bad It isn't that John Carter is bad, it's just really mediocre. And mediocrity is deadly in this genre. 
bad Director Andrew Stanton, making his first live-action feature after the successful Pixar animated films FINDING NEMO and WALL-E, hasn't been able to bring anything very new to the familiar story of battles among rival forces on another planet: 
very_bad Stanton should go back to making machines talk. He puts much more humanity into them than he manages to extract from Burroughs, even with all that nostalgia working for him. 
very_bad John Carter's hard-to-follow story and terrible dialogue leaves it on par with that cheesy Flash Gordon remake from the 1980s. 
terrible Wall-E and Finding Nemo director Andrew Stanton must shoulder the blame for this over-bloated disaster. It's impossible to care about the protagonists, played by the helplessly wooden Kitsch and Collins. 
bad There's a delightfully unfashionable cheesiness about John Carter, a film for all the family, but in particular sci-fi fantasy geeks and older gentlemen who have never been able to relinquish the spiffing derring-do of Burroughs. 
fair Go for the spectacle, go for the fun, just don't expect anything as significant as the impact made by Burroughs' books. 
terrible all that's missing is a senate debate and a pod race. 
good This is an old-fashioned movie told with cutting-edge technology and while it is easy to be cynical about such a lightweight plotline, it is refreshing to see a movie that approaches its subject with an authentic, wide-eyed sense of wonder. 
very_bad Disney and director Andrew Stanton may have dusted off the creaky franchise and wrapped it in $300 million worth of 3-D digital effects, but the final product still feels like ancient history. 
bad It's got the schmaltz and grandeur of the 80s Clash of the Titans but little of the warm wonder that made that spectacle such an addiction. 
good This hodgepodge falls together neatly, because we know the film will go exactly where we want it to go, right down to the intervention by a faithful, comic animal sidekick (a Pixar specialty). 
bad Mars-based action epic has strong fantasy violence. 
good Fortunately for viewers, the film is directed by Pixar sensation Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo, WALL-E), and the visual effects are, literally, out of this world. 
good Directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton of "Finding Nemo," "Toy Story" and "Monsters, Inc." fame, the fun but sometimes confusing "John Carter" may launch the next big sci-fi-adventure franchise. 
good Since its story inspired every mainstream fantasy right up to Avatar, John Carter may seem a little old-fashioned, but it's a solid piece of fantasy entertainment that's equal parts corny and poignant. 
fair Comical Woola, a faithful dog-like creature that travels at Road Runner superspeed, steals every scene. He's the 'John Carter' equivalent of Uggie, and the movie, sad to say, needs him. 
very_good John Carter, a rousing science-fiction adventure adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs' early 20th-century pulp novels, is a rare bird that's at the same time strikingly modern and engagingly old-fashioned. 
good "John Carter" enthusiastically remains a pulp story at heart. 
good Visionary and philosophical, with the sort of complex allusions to death, immortality and the destruction of civilizations that you don't expect from a $250 million film. 
fair Whenever the fighting stops and two people have to stand and talk, all the air goes out of everything. Suddenly it feels as if we're in an empty theater, watching a dusty old sword-and-sandal epic. 
very_bad "John Carter's" biggest miscalculation is the casting of Taylor Kitsch as Carter. He is too soft and wooden. He lacks the gravitas needed to be an inspirational leader, no matter how high or far he can jump in Barsoom's lesser gravity. 
best While we can still marvel at the amazing sights laid out before us, it is imperative that we never lose sight of who's who and what's at stake. That turns out to be a tall order. 
good Saturday afternoon matinee fun. Think Conan the Barbarian clashing with the gods of Clash of the Titans who are conquering Mars, Gladiator style. 
bad Director Stanton has yet to find his rhythm in this new-to-him discipline. Though the 3D Mars-scape and fantastical creatures offer fun viewing ... he can't quite conquer the human beast. 
bad John Carter is arriving late to the party, after George Lucas had already pillaged the source material and squeezed it for every dollar it was worth. Stanton has created a sci-fi adventure that feels both old hat and sub-par. 
good I just had fun at John Carter. Stupid, old school, science fiction fun. It's the kind of science fiction that doesn't get bogged down in the science part and fully embraces the fiction. 
bad This is truly a story I'd rather go to the library and read then watch again. 
bad For all of the love and money lavished upon John Carter it ends up feeling a touch musty and overly familiar. 
bad Confusing and, at times, positively frustrating, John Carter is a film that screams too much post-production tinkering. During the screening, I actually turned to Film Fix co-host Jeff Marker and asked him if we had missed a reel. 
terrible If John Carter was a date, you would be running off to the bathroom to call a friend, so the friend would call you ten minutes later with an "emergency", so you could get away. 
bad Surprisingly humorless, unevenly jumbled fantasy - Blame it on solar flares! 
bad It isn't bad so much as innocuous, $250-million worth of innocuous, framed by a decent start and a solid finish but sagging through the long middle like a cheap mattress. 
bad Please fight somebody, John! At least it'll stop them from talking. 
fair Though messy and overlong, it's an enjoyable throwback to the movie spectacles of a more innocent age. 
terrible Gets off to such an incoherent start that it takes almost the entire, interminable two-hour-plus running time to catch up. 
bad It's easy to be fascinated with how John Carter looks, but it's difficult to get emotionally involved. 
fair Like any template, it has the skeleton but is missing the meat. 
good Suffers from a convoluted plot and an anticlimactic resolution, but hits enough high notes along the way to be enjoyable. 
bad The villains are overwrought and the design of Mars is surprisingly bland. 
terrible "Thank God that's over with!" one character utters near the end of "John Carter." No spoken words have ever been truer. 
bad Kitsch...makes for an excellent hero, even managing to make a loincloth look like this year's must-have item. 
bad Incredibly well made and heroically performed. It also really delivers when it comes to creating a strange alien world. 
terrible Stanton's screenwriting skills are, on this evidence, slightly below those of George Lucas, so there's plenty of clunky exposition and such inadvertent laugh-lines as: 'I would lay down my life for Helium.' 
good The visuals are stunning, the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong. Why, then, did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail? 
terrible There's nothing to see, nothing to think about, nothing to care about, and nothing to feel, just emptiness. The emptiness is never filled over the course of 132 long, barren minutes. 
terrible Amazing how little a century of anticipation and $250 million buys out these days 
very_bad There's a lot of hokey fun in old pulp stories like Burroughs', but John Carter fails to capture any of that charm. 
very_bad Like watching a storm; yes there are flashes of lightning but most of the time you're just staring at boring grey clouds. After enduring the 132 minutes of John Carter tug-of-war it's not a complete win for team terrible but pretty damn close. 
bad Messy and chaotic ... but also colorful and kind of fun. 
fair Kitsch, best known for TV's "Friday Night Lights," proves able to front a movie. The Canadian is as reliable as "Avatar" lead Sam Worthington, with a mix of good looks, brawn and generic heroism. 
very_bad It starts with a great story - of love and politics, time travel and mystical pathways between planets - badly sucked dry. 
bad There's a lot of coming and going in 'John Carter,' and most of the time I wasn't exactly sure where they're coming from or going to. 
bad All of these characters, and the richly detailed backdrops, are utterly immersive and lifelike - even without the completely unnecessary 3-D. 
terrible It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release. 
fair There's something generic about the digitally rendered Martians (whatever their stripe and skin tone), and there's a corniness to the dialogue that keeps the audience from any kind of emotional attachment to the Tharks and Zodangans and their ilk. 
fair "Carter" is so good-natured, and so goofy, that it's hard to completely dislike. But impossible, I think, to understand. 
good Against the odds, "John Carter'' is itself pretty amazing - an epic pulp saga that slowly rises to the level of its best imitations and wins you over by degrees. 
very_bad For Pixar prodigy Andrew Stanton directing and co-writing, it was obviously a labour of love. But for two hours, as with any problem birth, we get more labour than love. 
fair "John Carter" may not be a perfect movie, but it's one where you can safely plunk down your money, grab your box of popcorn and come away reasonably satisfied when the closing credits roll. 
good A true thinking man's thrill ride. 
terrible It looks as if Disney simply borrowed and recycled the sets of Prince of Persia and Gladiator, adding leftover props from The Phantom Menace and Cowboys and Aliens. 
good Sets a high standard for the event movies to follow. 
good John Carter is so eager to please that, despite its overblown execution, it still manages to feel intimate and fun. 
fair Disney bet a whopping $250 million on this becoming its next big franchise, and personally, I'm hoping audiences fall for this displaced yet dashing Southern gentleman and his newfound life abroad. 
very_bad Even genre film lovers have standards, and "John Carter" doesn't meet them. 
fair Like its four-armed Tharks and its ten-legged Calot, this adaptation of Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of sci-fi novels has too many moving parts for its own good. 
terrible I felt as if someone had dragged me into the kitchen of my local Greggs, and was baking my head into the centre of a colossal cube of white bread. 
bad While "John Carter" is undeniably silly, sprawling and easy to make fun of, it's also playful, genuinely epic and absolutely comfortable being what it is. In this genre, those are virtues as rare as a cave of gold. 
fair I liked it, and if you're a sci-fi/fantasy fan, you'll probably like it even more. 
very_bad It looks fantastic and youngsters may find the exotic universe compelling enough but the result is sadly soulless and unexciting. 
very_bad The overriding feeling with John Carter is that there is an epic film to be made from this material, but this just isn't it. 
very_bad It feels less like a revival of a classic saga than a rip-off twice removed. Almost everything on screen is old hat, and the few details that have remained fresh for the past 100 years haven't been imitated for good reason. 
good An oft-confusing, occasionally silly mega-expensive thrill ride that, for sheer audacity, is the biggest thing to come down the cinematic pike since Avatar. 
fair Beautifully-realized visuals nearly make up for the well-worn story in this Disney adaptation of the Edgar Rice Burroughs character. 
good Not your grandfather's John Carter. 
bad The difference with Indiana Jones or Pirates of the Caribbean is that most of their action is memorable and filtered through a charismatic hero who fills in the downtime. The flat turns the story takes make it more The Adjustment Bureau meets Spaceballs. 
fair Often feels silly but only occasionally fun. 
good This lavish production of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burrough's space adventure has much to recommend it. 
very_bad A cheesy looking (the 3-D adds nothing to the picture) quasi-epic filled with dullish characters and chaotically staged action scenes. 
bad The major problem here is one of rooting interest. I hate to sound like a mogul, or a focus group ho, but at the center of this picture is a flat, inexpressive protagonist played by a flat, inexpressive actor. 
fair The action sequences are generally well-executed, but they're too much of a muchness. CGI makes them seem too facile and not tactile enough. 
bad It overcomes the adversity of cliche by being exciting and mildly intelligent, with a sufficient amount of humour and heart. 
good ...has more personality than anyone should rightly expect from a two-hour-plus, CGI-heavy, sci-fi fantasy epic. 
very_bad Yes, there is life on Mars in "John Carter," and it's deadly dull. 
very_bad It's sometimes wondrous and often amazingly goofy. 
very_good A modern pulp adventure in the classic Spielberg and Lucas vein, John Carter is exactly what pointless entertainment should be but often isn't 
very_good Andrew Stanton has created a fantastic and magical epic that makes "John Carter" the rightful heir to the Star Wars legacy. 
good John Carter manages to be a ridiculous amount of fun, even if you are immune to the charms of Taylor Kitsch running around in what amounts to a stylish loincloth. 
bad Somehow, despite that boatload of talent, the movie never really comes together. 
bad Director Andrew Stanton has a strong sense of what makes "adventure" adventurous, helping John Carter encapsulate everything about a great time at the movies. 
very_bad The film is at least half-an-hour too long and is often as dull as Will Smith's repulsively silly Wild Wild West. 
bad An adventure that feels real and fantastical at the same time. 
good Beautifully designed and impressively directed, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, emotionally engaging space opera with an intelligent script, strong characters, terrific special effects and superb performances from Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins. 
very_bad Aside from a few inspired vistas and alien life-forms, John Carter is as deadly dull as its basso-voiced, beefcake slab of a star. 
terrible It's hard to care about anything going on in this shapeless would-be franchise, which lurches from scene to scene without building any real excitement. 
terrible It's both abrupt and languorous, a wall-to-wall exhibition of design work where nobody had the basic decency to make sure the designs were good. 
bad Lavish and lengthy, it has the spectacle and spirit of a Saturday matinee movie but not its fleetness or fun. 
good For me, this is the first movie of its kind in a very long time that I'd willingly sit through a second or even third time. 
good A terrific time at the movies. Comes a lot closer to being on-par with the beloved sci-fi movies of our youth than most modern blockbusters. 
bad A very entertaining, unusual and loveable mess. 
bad Just about every sci-fi/fantasy/superhero adventure you ever loved is in here somewhere. 
very_good A fun story, impressive alien world, and cool 3D effects make John Carter a surprise treat that may not have been on your radar. 
very_bad Arid, barren Barsoom is a dull environment for a sci-fi blockbuster, and the consequences of the conflicts happening on screen are small. John Carter just never pulled me in. 
bad A handsome new sci-fi adventure that feels rather familiar. Enjoyable enough while it lasts, John Carter is big on ambition and disappointingly short on action. 
very_bad The story veers between interesting, boring and borderline incomprehensible. 
good John Carter is a fantastic fusion of old-fashioned adventure excitement and modern blockbuster spectacle. In short, it's wonderful. 
good Lynn Collins's feisty Dejah Thoris is the best kick-ass sci-fi princess since Leia 
good When John Carter moves up the gears it's an accomplished blockbuster packed with pulse-racing action. 
bad Perhaps the sequel - if we ever get there - will fill in the gaps and expand on John Carter's legend now all the expositional heavy-lifting has been done. But is that an acceptable excuse for an epic to be this underwhelming? 
good John Carter is a fun blockbuster. There is fun in its action scenes, in its jaw dropping imagery and especially in its surprising sense of humour that Andrew Stanton melds well with its brand of sci-fi spectacular. 
terrible Director Eberhardt does nothing to elevate this from being anything other than a boring TV movie, and I'm sure if Kurt Russell wasn't in it, that's exactly where it would have premiered. 
very_bad Forced Kurt Russell, Marty Short comedy. 
very_bad Kurt Russell is the only thing that makes this movie tolerable - and just barely at that. 
very_bad As bad as it sounds. 
very_bad The scenery is pretty but the movie never makes one wish to be in it. 
very_bad A real mess. 
bad Nowhere near as good as the first, and lacks the traces of true stupidity that make the latter two fun bad movies. 
bad Rather redundant, rather biting. What, fish again?! Still, not a bad sequel. 
terrible Roy Scheider is the only redeeming quality of this sequel. 
good A vastly underrated sequel with plenty of shocks and nail-biting tension. Not quite up to the original, but still loads of fun. 
good Delivers [Nearly] as much as the first 
terrible The first of three crummy sequels unworthy of the original. 
fair ...Jaws 2 hits a qualitative ceiling due to the joint absence of Steven Spielberg and Academy Award-winning editor Verna Fields. 
good the filmmakers did everything they could to breathe new life into the material without forgetting what had made that material work in the first place 
very_bad Endless scenes of pointless buffoonery and crashing cars. 
best Another time, another planet. 
terrible Buy the soundtrack and rent the one with Belushi. 
terrible Easily one of the most worthless, shameless, and unnecessary sequels ever concocted. Not even the music can save it. 
terrible Landis apparently lost almost any trace of inspiration or creativity. 
very_bad The greatest car crash ever, but not a funny movie. 
very_bad Not bad. Too bad it's not good, either. 
good Virtually worthless without the music. But the music's so good, it doesn't matter. 
fair Like the original, it's a rambling wreck of a movie that's more fun than it deserves to be. 
bad Once upon a time, it was funny. 
bad There's a lot of music in Blues Brothers 2000, and it's great stuff. 
terrible It makes an audience pay for every two seconds of pleasure with 10 seconds of pain. 
bad The main problem is the absence of a similar focus on the music, replaced by a more cynical attempt to re-create the past. 
terrible Belushi is rolling in his grave, can't you feel it? 
very_bad If simply copying the original Blues Brothers wasn't bad enough, writers Aykroyd and John Landis dumb it down, removing any memorable characters, and replacing them with flashy, but unbelievable, magical gimmicks. 
terrible Joins the collection of unfunny Saturday Night Live alumnus and never-should-have-been-made sequels. 
good Enjoyable sequel, if belated and needless. 
fair The pacing is good, no scene is so long that it bogs down, and there are enough musical interruptions to keep things humming along. 
good The film celebrates the blues with style and affection. 
bad Everything bar the musical numbers is stolen from the original film, and comes across as desperately lackluster... 
very_good If one gag doesn't do it for you, surely the next one will. 
bad While the comedic scenes are hopelessly inept, Landis again shows a deft hand with the staging of the musical numbers, which should provide fans with a good enough reason to see the movie. 
good A fabulous concert film with incredibly bad patter between the songs. 
good Blues Brothers 2000 isn't anywhere close to the landmark its predecessor was, but it's still enjoyable. 
bad 'I always thought there was another story to be told,' Landis says in the film's notes. Fine; then tell one. 
bad ...probably Miike's most accomplished and coherent effort - though it's still suffering from a whole host of problems. 
bad Kozak's first feature... thrives when its story stays intimate, but all too frequently falls victim to over-plotting and implausibility. 
best A damning documentary which indicts Americas as a Credit Industrial Complex where repossession and foreclosure have become commonplace rather than the exception. 
best Consumers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our plastic! 
fair A sometimes-fascinating and frightening look at what it calls 'America before the bubble bursts.' 
terrible Unfortunately, there isn't much insight into this possible bleak future, nor is there anything new in this 89-minute film, which plays more like an episode of 20/20 or Dateline NBC. 
bad The film's long middle is still a slog, but the beginning and ending are loud and weird enough to supply solid entertainment. 
very_bad I may not be a doctor but believe me there is no way that Stewart and Pattinson would ever produce a baby this ugly. 
very_good The Twilight series comes to a close with this uneven yet satisfying finale that effectively wraps up the saga of these vivid, almost iconic characters... 
bad I rolled my eyes, laughed at, and laughed with this film. I was entertained. It's a sloppy enjoyable mess, and the most fun I had watching a 'Twilight' movie. 
bad Hopelessly dumb and often unintentionally funny. As with everything about this nutty series, I couldn't shake the feeling that Stephenie Meyer's creation is just kooky in all the wrong ways. 
bad if you haven't seen any of them - why not see this one? It's crazy fun for less than two hours ... It's all very tonally specific, and the tone is bonkers. But it's so intriguing, and everyone looks so good ... the guiltiest pleasure of the year. 
bad In one of Stephenie Meyer's weirder conceits, Jacob 'imprints' on Bella's daughter: This may be the most awkward way to resolve a love triangle since Luke discovered Leia was his sister. 
fair Condon, the cast, and the crew of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 have made something they can be proud of. 
good "Breaking Dawn Part 2" offers readers and moviegoers the ending they hoped for. Only problem is most will be asking for more and wishing it was not the final chapter. 
fair The big payoff to the Twilight saga is a solidly mounted, carefully directed exercise in franchise box-ticking... Even the decapitations are done tastefully. 
bad The perfect ending of the series for those who are fans of the books, but for the rest it is a little overdone and confusing. 
bad At a key point, coven leader Aro (Michael Sheen) lets out a spectacular laugh - which nearly drowned out my own. 
terrible Not nearly enough shots of Taylor's abs. 
very_bad Even for a franchise that is horribly light on drama, nothing at all happens here. 
bad And so it ends -- better than it started, but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought. 
very_bad Oh, my, what a cheat is in store for viewers of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2.' 
terrible A reminder that the journey has been a murmur rather than a saga, and the final plod is no exception 
bad From bottom of my heart thank you. And thank you to Bella, Edward and Jacob for letting us laugh, cry, debate, and pick sides while you three bastards stare at each other. 
bad Bloodier, funnier and even more ridiculous, but the final chapter of this saga is better paced than the Potterthon. 
bad The fifth and final entry in the historically successful "Twilight" franchise is the most self-aware and in some ways the most entertaining. 
very_bad Well, thank god that's over. 
bad There are better ways to spend your evening. Perhaps there's some laundry to be done? 
bad I'll probably never understand the popularity of the Twilight movies. They're haphazardly assembled adaptations of awful books. 
very_bad As for the millions that have had to suffer through this series, we celebrate the end of one of the worst franchises in cinematic history and are thankful that we no longer have to dread more of this soap opera that should have been cancelled long ago. 
bad The Twilight films can hardly be considered masterpieces, but neither do they deserve the fear and loathing from male moviegoers threatened by the very existence of any franchise aimed at women. Still, this one fares the worst in practically every regard. 
fair Twihards, don't rip my head off for saying this, but I enjoyed your reaction to the final Twilight movie than the actual movie, although it was better than the awful Part I. 
bad Syrupy, suspensful and surreal, proclaiming this final segment as the best of the 'Twilight' saga is damning with faint praise. 
bad If you removed the endless soulful gazes, this whole series could've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus. 
bad The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 won't win any converts to either Team Edward or Team Jacob, but it has enough appeal to extend beyond the hardcore fans who attend ritualistically as a form of tribal identifier... 
terrible Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 2 is an unredeemable waste of time and money. Like the vampire characters it's utterly lifeless and yet by that monstrous twist of fate - it exists. 
terrible The Twilight Saga has finally ended, not with a triumphant roar but with the self-satisfied mumble of an inconsiderate lover rolling over and breaking wind as they fall asleep 
good The ultimate catharsis, giving the series' detractors exactly what they've wanted to see all these many years [and] telling the story that Twihards wanted to see too. 
very_bad It's a mess 
terrible Much like The Human Centipede 2, Breaking Dawn: Part 2 completely fails as a serious film, but it makes one heck of an entertaining comedy. 
bad 'Breaking Dawn - Part 2' is the best of the series, despite the terrible CGI, mediocre dialogue and constant reminder of this is nothing but a love triangle between two guys and girl. 
fair Breaking Dawn - Part 2 isn't the best Twilight Saga movie, but it does contain the best Twilight battle. 
bad Wow, is it fun. 
bad Final Twilight focuses on Edward and Bella's legacy. 
bad Unintentionally humorous exchanges and awkward visuals undercut the quality of the filmmaking - but the final movie delivers a solid conclusion for its intended audience. 
bad You're going to hear a lot about Breaking Dawn Part 2 being the best of the Twilight movies. That's like saying a simple head cold is preferable to swine flu. 
very_bad The Twilight Saga signs off on something of a whimper with Breaking Dawn - Part 2, despite the best intentions of those involved to bring some extra punch and spectacle to Stephenie Meyer's source novel. 
very_bad (It all) adds up to a movie of limited pleasures and lengthy miseries... and when combined with Part 1, it's an endurance test that few outside the faithful could even pass. 
bad The prologue picks up where the nutty "Part I" left off, but that's about it for the next hour and a half. 
terrible A tepid end to a tepid saga. The CGI is bad enough that you'd think this came from the mid-nineties. 
very_bad The 'Twilight Saga' has no upmarket aspirations. Seeking neither critical applause or peer-review awards, these movies, like those of Tyler Perry, seek only to provide unabashed satisfaction to those who believe in their characters. 
fair With a flurry of bonkers action and cross-species bonding, The Twilight Saga surges to a howling conclusion that has more attitude in it than all four previous films put together. 
very_bad Will Chris Hansen and the Dateline NBC team burst out of the woods to catch that predator Jacob? 
bad The fifth and final instalment of the Twilight saga has the best climax of any blockbuster this year. 
bad The finale is a doozy, almost certain to be satisfying to fans and impressive even to the casual "Twilight" viewer. But so much of what comes before that payoff...is mundane, dull, all talk and no action. 
bad A riotous showdown ... finds an absurdly ingenious way both to preserve and subvert the contentiously passive climax of Meyer's novel. 
good Finally, there is something we can all agree on: Twilight is awesome. Trust me, I'm shrieking on the inside. 
very_bad I'm not sure why I even bother to review these movies. TWILIGHT fans are going to see these regardless of what I think. They're going to like BREAKING DAWN part 2, just because it's TWILIGHT. They're blinded. 
best The opening section of the movie has the air of a 1980s shampoo commercial as the two newlyweds... make passionate love to a nonstop music track. 
bad A tortura chegou ao fim. 
fair Ironically, Kristen Stewart shows more life and spark dead than she did alive in four previous movies as the vapid Bella. 
fair [The end credits are] a chance for "Twilight" fans to say goodbye to their favorites, and a chance for everyone else to delight in the knowledge that this consistently underwhelming saga is at long last over. 
good A finale that both rewards longtime fans with the most satisfying conclusion possible while providing a spectacular main event style brawl for action junkies. 
terrible It's a movie so dull you might start yanking on your own head after about an hour. 
bad The series as a whole has steadily lowered the level of expectations to the point where 'less bad' has become 'good.' 
very_bad Other than the Bram Stoker meets "Braveheart" battle, this vessel offers very little to make our collective blood race. 
fair After the laborious exposition of "Part 1," "Part 2" is able to reap the benefits, tying together some disparate threads and providing real action at the end. 
terrible Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage. 
bad Breaking Dawn - Part 2 offers a very efficient, mildly touching, morally unimpeachable conclusion to a chronicle that has left an indelible impact on contemporary popular culture. 
fair The first "Twilight" film that could get non-fans' hearts pumping turns out to be the last. 
bad Fans of the series, which has made more than $2 billion worldwide, will no doubt find it all terribly romantic and deeply meaningful. The rest of humanity will remain unmoved. 
bad Despite the slow start Mr. Condon closes the series in fine, smooth style. He gives fans all the lovely flowers, conditioned hair and lightly erotic, dreamy kisses they deserve. 
fair It's an ending to a four-book and five-movie series that will keep those who have read the books on their toes but still satisfy as one of the more action-packed and exciting of the Twilight movies. 
very_bad Breaking Dawn Part 2 is the best Twilight movie ever made. That doesn't mean it's good. 
very_bad As billion-dollar Hollywood franchises go, this is one of the drawn-out dumbest. The stake through the heart comes not a moment too soon. 
bad "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" doesn't end the series on an especially strong note, but it ends it. Let's count our blessings. 
bad Full of pauses and intense looks and vague standing around ... 
good [Condon and Rosenberg] deviate from the original story created by Stephenie Meyer in a way that feels like a dance in the end zone. 
fair Breaking Dawn - Part 2 will elicit laughs aplenty - but thankfully, they're all on purpose. 
very_bad When the climactic battle finally arrives, it's a big letdown, full of bloodless decapitations (thanks, PG-13 rating) and awkward face-offs. 
bad No rocket's red glare or bombs bursting in air for this Twilight's last gleaming. 
very_bad Plays more like a bloated final hour of a better movie than an actually satisfying experience on its own terms. 
very_bad The catering-ad backdrops, pouty nonperformances and cheap-looking effects still dominate. 
very_bad With so many scenes of well-dressed vampires sitting or standing, stiffly, while Taylor Lautner or Robert Pattinson or Kristen Stewart passes another micro-slab of dialogue like a kidney stone, [Sheen's] overacting's greatly appreciated, thanks. 
very_good A satisfying and gratifying ending to the journey of Edward and Bella that summarizes all the lessons we've learned from them. 
bad Director Bill Condon makes up for his rather lacklustre adaptation of the first half of Stephenie Meyer's concluding novel Breaking Dawn with a full-throated Part 2. 
very_bad The final Twilight movie, bizarrely actionless for much of its length, may be the longest whimper in Rom-Goth history. Even the title weakens the will to live. 
fair It's not a good film, but viewed from a cockeyed angle, it's a great guilty pleasure, and director Bill Condon is in on the joke. 
fair Easily the trippiest and goofiest of the five addled adolescent vampire romances based on the Stephenie Meyer books ... 
fair Immortality becomes Bella. After moping and mewing throughout the first four film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer's "Twilight" paranormal romance series, the heroine takes charge. 
fair It's a fairly satisfying wrap-up to a not-very-satisfying series. 
bad The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best film in the series, thanks to stylish direction, a good sense of tone, and decent acting. It also has an infuriating ending that reinforces the worst of this series. 
bad Director Bill Condon infuses the final entry with a refreshing balance of fun, vibrancy, action, humor and genuine emotion, making Part 2 the best of the bunch, by far. 
very_bad As for you, dear reader, the symptoms of our long national nightmare should begin to fade as you're heading out of the theater, dissipating by the time you clear the concession stand. 
fair Breaking Dawn - Part 2, the fifth and concluding chapter of the young vampire romance franchise, manages to find a pulse as it profitably clicks the turnstiles one last time. 
bad A mainstream film designed for mass consumption that is quirky and personal and deeply felt. 
bad Heavenly shades of night are falling: it's Twilight time...[for a series which] has always been borderline comical in its moments of greatest sincerity... 
very_bad This is still a silly, unapologetically melodramatic - and at times unintentionally funny - teen soap opera, and one that is made for fans and only fans. Which I still am not. 
bad It's not a terribly satisfactory capper to the Twilight franchise because it sets aside the strange undercurrents of desire and danger that defined the series and made it such a hair-tearing conundrum for feminists ... 
bad This fifth and mercifully final installment features so much idle anticipation that it's unclear whether we're watching a movie or an Apple product launch. 
fair Characters are better employed; emotions are, for once, palpable; and the selfishness of Bella, author Stephenie Meyer's avatar, is finally somewhat squelched. 
bad The final shrug. 
good Rather than repeat past mistakes by handling author Stephenie Meyer's supernatural love story with kid gloves, this "Twilight" cuts loose and is as playful as a puppy. 
bad So why does Hollywood forget the female audience when we need more heroines like Katniss Everdeen and Bella Swan? Is it simply that boys like the cinema more than girls? Well, Twilight blew the cobwebs off that movie myth. 
bad The dialogue remains spotty and sappy, the effects still haven't caught up to modern-day standards, but "Twilight's" popularity is such that even when it falls short, it doesn't seem to matter. 
bad This is a rousing climax to the series. But, if you hated it from the beginning, there is no reason here to change your mind. 
fair The changes make for a visceral, satisfying climax. After the ups and downs of previous "Twilight" films, it's good to have the series quit while it's ahead. 
fair Finally, someone took the source material at its terribly written word and stopped treating the whole affair so seriously. 
bad Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg aren't afraid to play fast and loose with Meyer's story, and that's a good thing. You just wish they'd done it more often. 
very_bad Everyone's tying up loose ends, and demonstrating no particular enthusiasm about doing so. 
very_bad Between its farcical script, soulless relationships and waxwork performances, this is a final chapter that will please only the most devout fans. 
bad A lot more fun than the last few films and it does at least deliver a genuinely thrilling finale. Sort of. 
bad Twilight fans will certainly enjoy BD2's faithful approach to the tricky-to-film source material and celebrate a triumphant ending to their beloved saga. 
bad "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" expands with a full intensity of force, stronger and more epic than the films that led to this impactful finale. 
fair I must admit if you're going to bring the series to a close, "Part 2" does it about as well as it can be done. 
very_bad In the climactic sequence things finally start happening, as if they wanted to show the movie they could have made if they weren't stuck with such lifeless material. 
very_bad The central question of this "saga" ... having been answered in the final seconds of the previous movie ... there simply is no longer any tension left. 
fair On final assessment, "The Twilight Saga" has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of, but one thing is for sure: all involved saved the best for last. 
good The final film restores order and balance, with a firm grasp of what made the series exceptional in the first place. 
very_bad After nearly two hours of padding, there's a laughable climactic battle sequence with heads shattering bloodlessly. 
very_bad Aside from the impressive final showdown, Breaking Dawn - Part 2 feels like the dying breaths of a cash cow being milked dry. 
bad Surprise: Twilight has discovered a fresh sense of danger and energy. 
bad Bigger, better and bloodier than its predecessors... 
bad Various character arcs are brought to a satisfying conclusion and there's a fun twist. 
bad In terms of providing plenty of bang for one's buck, Breaking Dawn Part 2 definitely ends the franchise on a high note. 
very_bad Heads roll, sparks fly, wolves howl and the cinema audience collapses, weak with laughter. 
bad Fans will be left on a high; other viewers will be confused but generally entertained by a saga whose romance is matched only by its weirdness. 
very_bad Despite all those fierce confrontations and tribal divisions, exhaustively rehearsed and mythologised, nobody's really a bad guy and nothing's really at stake. 
bad Three fingers of supernatural teen romance served neat in a dirty glass with a sparkler and cocktail umbrella, and not a single concession is made to newcomers, or sanity. 
bad Directed by Bill Condon, who helmed the last instalment, the film's an adequate end to the story but not much else. 
good Twilight Breaking Dawn: Part 2 really does stand up to be the epic conclusion that we were all waiting and hoping for 
good Every frame of silent, lip-biting, pent-up tension in the series has been holding its breath for this -- a 600-minute soap opera suddenly exploding into a Grindhouse slasher. 
bad Somehow the final film has stuff to say about love, friendship and loyalty that works. 
good Some killing, but most violence is PG-13. 
very_good The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish. 
best While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended. 
very_good By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado." 
good Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again. 
fair ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese. 
fair It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman. 
very_bad Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it. 
good Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers. 
fair ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to. 
bad Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens. 
best Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero. 
good [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche. 
good Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet. 
terrible Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso 
good An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns. 
fair Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result. 
bad The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year. 
good A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West. 
bad The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film. 
very_bad If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks. 
good It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own. 
good A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale. 
best The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners. 
good There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be. 
very_good Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical. 
good This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall. 
very_good ...one of the best films of the year. 
bad Somewhere beneath the syrupy melodrama and the scenes that should have expired long ago, there is an intelligent, thoughtful western in waiting. 
very_good This is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in Silverado. 
good An exhilarating fusion of new and old Hollywood that proves there's still life left in one of film's oldest forms. 
best It's a grand old western the way they used to make 'em, simple and elegant and cool and dusty and marvelous... the best western made since Unforgiven. 
fair The presence Duvall and Costner bring to the screen is only matched by Costner's ability as a director to take the dark material of Open Rangeand make it feel classic. 
very_bad I started a thinkin how cum Kevin Costner couldn't a made a better movie. I shor nuff liked his Dances with Wolves but he jes moseyed round a lot more in this piture. Why there twern't a lot o action. 
bad A movie that seeks no higher calling than to entertain us the way Hollywood used to. 
fair Kevin Costner brings us another epic Western, but Robert Duvall steals the show. 
bad Not without its charms. 
very_bad Open Range is far from the worst film of the year, but it does test one's endurance like no other. 
fair Open Range has too much of what its title portends. 
bad A leisurely elegy for the American West with Kevin Costner's Unforgiven written all over it. 
fair Has a pace as laconic as its director's screen persona. 
bad Open Range is a Western in which the carts pull the horses. 
best If you grew up on Westerns, which are now an old-time religion, Open Range is a ride you want to share. 
best [A] very special and singular film 
bad Purty but shallow. 
very_good Easily qualifies as the best Western since Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven. 
good A rousing addition to that most American of film genres, the western. 
fair An awesome compendium of cowboy-movie cliches. It borders on parody, and often crosses the border, rustling up a drove of oater aphorisms. 
bad Open Range is too talky, too corny and too long. Yet it gets so much right, from its simple affection for the sight of horses at full gallop to a climactic gunfight that sets a new standard for wit and excitement and right- eous revenge. 
very_good Kevin Costner is back in the saddle again, and people are going to start using "Oscar" and "Costner" in the same sentence again. 
good Robert Duvall brings an authenticity to his performances that puts any movie he appears in ahead of the game from the start. 
good A solidly crafted and entertaining old-school western. 
good Costner doesn't seek to reinvent the classic Westerns as much as simply honor them. On those modest terms, he succeeds. 
bad There's a fine little western lurking inside Open Range: Too bad it gets drowned out by director Kevin Costner's pretentiousness. 
very_good A film that recycles familiar elements from a variety of cowboy classics but still establishes and maintains its own unique sensibility. 
good This is a great two-hour motion picture. Unfortunately, it runs 20 minutes longer than that. 
good The best duster since Clint Eastwood's 1992 triumph Unforgiven. 
bad Despite some lapses in taste at the end, Open Range is competently directed, though rarely inspired. No one is going to mistake Kevin Costner for John Ford. 
fair If the climax of Open Range is disappointing, the ending is almost intolerable, as the plot descends into a twinkling love story, and Costner reverts to filmmaking aimed at 12-year-olds. 
fair A pretty decent little movie. 
fair The first two hours of Open Range are a great pleasure, and the final minutes come as a vague indigestion. 
good With actors less sure than Duvall and Bening alongside him, Costner's old-fashioned Western would collapse. With them in the saddles, it rides into the sunset in high style. 
good One of 2003's best films. 
good A patient, suspenseful exercise in genre craftsmanship. 
good Costner saves his best work for the finale, an electrifying gun battle that steers clear of Western cliches to re-create the chaos and brutality of a place thick with flying bullets. 
fair A good film struggling to free itself from directorial excess. . . . Open Range strives for the heft of [director Kevin] Costner's signature work, Dances With Wolves," but this tale is too simple for the royal treatment. 
very_good ...a movie my 79-year-old grandfather will love. And I can't think of a better compliment. 
good The final shootout belongs in the Western pantheon with the poetic, anti-heroic shootouts in Anthony Mann's The Far Country and Robert Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller. 
bad Western's sincerity and Robert Duvall's warm, fascinating lead performance can't make up for a rough ride with an uneven tone. 
good This is by far the best film Costner has made in the past six years. As always, his direction misses no details, instilling considerably more sensitivity in the movie than you might expect to find in a Western. 
good As comfortable as a well-worn saddle, Open Range is something you might have caught one Sunday afternoon on Turner Classic Movies. 
fair Proves the new-fashioned western can deliver good old-fashioned entertainment. 
good [A] relaxed, beautifully photographed Western. 
good Ultimately it was the characters that drew me in, specifically Duvall and Costner's. 
very_good An imperfect but deeply involving and beautifully made Western. 
good Open Range is actually pretty good. 
terrible Kevin Costner's Open Range only proves it's time for this cowboy to hang up his spurs. 
very_good A flashback to both the great American western and a form of storytelling where gunshots were not an immediate reaction but a methodical inevitability. 
good Costner approaches the project with an earnest nobility that's quite impressive, mainly because Earnest Nobility often becomes Unintentional Hilarity when coaxed too adamantly 
good Costner seems to fashion himself as a modern-day Frank Capra, pitting his flawed but morally centered heroes against a system waiting to tear them to shreds. 
fair Open Range does not reach the heights of such classic Westerns as Red River or Unforgiven. It strives to be classy, which is one of its faults. 
fair A sincere, big-hearted attempt to revive the classic westerns of John Ford and Howard Hawks, Open Range is more good than bad. 
very_bad A ponderous drag. 
bad Kevin Knows Westerns. 
bad A striking, if flawed, achievement. 
bad A harmless but singularly unremarkable oater that takes a long time to reach the Big Shootout. 
good From its gorgeous photography...to its brutal, wide-ranging, Peckinpah-worthy climactic shootout, this is some of Costner's best work. 
fair The actors are so good that you could almost live with the man's- gotta -do-what -a-man's -gotta-do excesses of Craig Storper's script. 
good Costner is not the most exuberant actor, but, for the most part, that's an asset here. 
fair After a long string of bombs, Costner delivers a real winner that will remind people why he won an Oscar for Dances with Wolves. 
fair A strange mix of the grand and the hackneyed that it never really gets its bearings -- even though, at its best, it reminds us how grand, impure and potentially alive the Western genre can be. 
best ...bold, compelling and brilliant... 
very_good Open Range puts Kevin Costner at the reins of a terrific movie. 
terrible It won't be long before Kevin Costner films are viewed by prescription only._ No drug could come close to curing insomnia in the way that Kevin's latest movie does. 
good Fits Costner's on screen sensibilities like a glove, making him seem as if he were born to play a craggy faced cowboy and nothing else. 
fair Good old fashioned Western scenery. Great performance by Duvall. Slow at outset, weak accents, some holes, some implausibles. 
fair It also helps that Costner doesn't allow the hurt inflicted against his oppressed free grazers to approach the wearisome political correctness of his Dances With Wolves. 
very_good Not only one of the best of the few Westerns made recently, it's also one of the finest Westerns, period. 
bad Kevin Costner rises up from the carcass of his career to produce, direct and star in a flaccid ode to the classic Western. 
fair The saga length of the story might have had more impact with less bloat and mythic gravity, a tendency that seems to pursue Costner like an underfed bronco. 
fair A western that wrestles briefly with Unforgiven introspection before contenting itself with fiddling around with a gun/dog fetish. 
best Open Range is a romantic, beautiful, and delightfully authentic Western. 
very_bad Kevin keeps all the actors on screen at an energy level that wavers between laconic and stoic and stoic may be overstating the case just a smidge 
best The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age. 
good Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world. 
best The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece. 
bad Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses. 
good Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache. 
best Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short. 
best It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation. 
best This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War. 
best Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes. 
very_good The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers. 
fair Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways. 
very_good The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist. 
best The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film. 
best Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed. 
best Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain. 
very_good A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people. 
best This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies. 
best It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time. 
best A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam. 
bad A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us. 
good Draggy and devastating by turns 
bad Overlong, but with moments of greatness. 
very_good Brutally memorable. 
good Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting. 
best Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed 
very_bad Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever. 
best One of the greatest war films of all time. 
best A brilliant war movie with stunning performances. 
very_good A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends. 
best The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable. 
very_good [It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war. 
very_good Along with A Woman Under the Influence, Cassavetes' most popular movie among critics, art-house audiences and Academy members. 
good Cassavetes was interested in actors and their freak-show intensities, and their performances give his films a hyper-real quality. 
best Though it is sometimes a tedious viewing experience, its improvisational and documentary techniques are rewarding. 
good The second half is very good 
best Faces is the sort of film that makes you want to grab people by the neck and drag them into the theater and shout: 'Here!' 
good John Marley and Lynn Carlin play the conflicted couple with a raw emotional reality that is uncomfortable to watch and impossible to forget. 
good The movie is very blunt and relentless, sometimes redundant, at moments nearly unintelligible, but the entire effect is as of a high-strung, very bright documentary about the way things are. 
good More than one moviegoer has found Cassavetes' films far too bleak to sit through voluntarily. But others feel quite the opposite, as his insights are important and this film is skilfully made. 
bad [A] rambling and ultimately uninspired film, intentionally made to look cheap and lacking in much resolution. 
very_bad A thoroughly and pervasively disagreeable followup... 
very_good a poignant, even tragic portrait of the nature of sacrifice 
good The film commendably gives us vivid and memorable people whose personal stories strikingly illuminate their peoples' struggles ... 
very_bad One of the problems with We Are The Giant is that not all the stories carry equal weight, both in terms of effectiveness and in the sheer amount of time Barker spends on them. 
terrible It ironically reveals its intent to suture shut any remote ambivalence regarding its own gung-ho ethos, in effect engaging the same sort of oppressively dogmatic tactics it so outwardly denigrates. 
bad Structurally, the film is a little cumbersome. The footage of Gandhi, Nelson Mandela and other heroes of peaceful protest is a distraction. The three main stories, though, are inspiring and shocking by turns. 
bad The personal, often achingly sad and heroic accounts are intercut with news and handheld footage from the rebellions and a hefty and rather obvious dose of quotes and stills from previous revolutionary leaders. 
good You'll walk out of this electrifying documentary about the Arab Spring with your blood boiling. 
good The question posed throughout this film is whether there comes a time in every peaceful campaign that some form of armed struggle becomes almost inevitable. 
good A little baroque in its presentation, this is nevertheless a pungent and hard-hitting look at the events across Arabia in December 2010. 
good Barker's approach starts simplistic but gathers in complexity, insight and moral force with each story. 
bad Offers a wacky portrait of the sexual foibles of men. 
good 70's Samurai action ... mixes drama and historical relevance with the mostly two-dimensional villains and wholesale slaughter that you'd expect from a good chop-sake' film. 
good This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp. 
terrible 4 stars for bad-movie buffs, 1 star for the rest of humanity. 
very_bad This is, without exaggeration, one of the single worst films ever made, which hasn't prevented it from becoming a cult classic. 
terrible Who knew this would be the pinnacle of Pia Zadora's career? 
bad Adults may find it obvious and as square-cut as cheese. But let's face it. From now till you-know-when, the youngsters are all that matter. 
bad White Christmas on a red planet, and not as bad as some people insist. 
terrible shot in that hopeless, bad filmmaking style ... with the delayed, artificial rhythm of a trans-Atlantic phone call 
terrible Low expectations met. 
bad I can't help it I love it! 
good Classic Crap 
terrible The plot, such as it is, proves it is possible to insult the intelligence of a three-year-old. 
very_bad Oz prequel has sweet message, cloying songs. 
good The final instalment, Deathly Hallows Part 2, is a bravura duel between good and evil. It's also a cathartic, occasionally clunky nostalgiafest. 
good Come the conclusion, tears no doubt will be shed, probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era's end, I'm not sure. Probably both. 
very_good It's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen. Expect tears, both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling. 
good For 10 years and eight films we've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people, as performers and as characters. It has been a true coming-of-age saga, in the fullest and most moving sense of the term. 
good The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films, and the reason this one works, is the acting of its three young leads. 
bad It certainly went out making its presence felt, but in my opinion, though there were explosions aplenty, a few deaths, and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should, I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang. 
bad The grand finish, if not always inspired, feels necessary. In a sustained, imaginative way, this is the best of any movie series. 
bad Sadly, though, the finale isn't the spectacle the series really deserves, and I feel fans will gloss over the film's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that 'the Deathly Hallows Part 2' is an average affair. 
bad As to the three principals, they've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully. 
very_good When the time comes to face Harry's fate, Radcliffe confidently, casually shows how much he's matured as an actor. 
very_good I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close. It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy, even at its spottiest, and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories. 
best Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology. 
good Thankfully, Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, a smashing, melancholy, and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga. 
best The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each, so it's obvious their followers are legion. But this is also a series that takes itself seriously, never more so than in this, the deathly finale. 
very_good Radcliffe's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary, truly amazing when you think about it. 
best This enthralling film ends the series on a high note, exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived, an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people. 
fair Passable, well-acted, but not one of the best films of the series. 
good The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released. 
good Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters. 
very_good What truly unifies this ten-year, eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards. 
good Ending the light fantastic 
good A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation. 
fair For the most part, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II picks up right where Part I, the franchise's shining beacon on a hill, leaves off. 
very_good It all ends. And to be sure, it's a fitting end for the storied franchise. 
fair Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they've been building toward for so long, and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics: roller coaster rides, battle scenes, close calls. 
very_good For the most part, the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children's book series to an era unto itself. 
best While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes, Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things, but, alas, it was a trick and a false hope, because in the end...it was, irrevocably, THE END. 
bad This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago. 
good It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade. 
good An emotional, have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they've come to know, love and care about make their collective exit. 
very_good Back in the first movie, Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him. With the cinematic conclusion ten years later, he's been proven right. 
fair The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood. Take a bow, folks. 
very_good ...as the ads suggest, it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills... horrors, action and laughs so easily generated in the "Potter" movies, 
good a very substantial fantasy film, perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films. With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion. 
fair A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans; not the best HP movie but one of the best. 
bad ... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally. 
good delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for: battles, suspense, revelations, and, most importantly, a fitting, emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling's novel. 
very_good The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings. 
good Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie. 
good If these movies have done nothing else, they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience, never swaying from that mission, and doing it exceptionally well. 
best ... a brilliant finish to the series, an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism. 
bad Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie. No hace falta ser un gran fanatico para esperar esta culminacion con ansiedad, e incluso para emocionarse. 
good This is a massive, tentpole, franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential, surprising and exhilarating ingredient. 
very_good I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are. 
bad The Harry Potter movies aren't really movies. They're the world's most expensive book illustrations. 
good The messianic aspect of Harry's purpose-driven life comes to the fore... making this an action-packed, adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story... 
very_good This Harry has something the others don't -- the power of goodbye. That helps this film be the best of the series. 
very_good This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel. 
best The magic isn't over. Far from it. 
very_good For a grand finale to a truly epic, good-natured franchise, this is a perfect goodbye that's very hard to beat. 
very_good Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces, the Harry Potter films, taken individually or as a whole, are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material. 
best It's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful, decade-long love affair with Harry Potter. 
very_good The filmmakers thankfully remember that we've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we, the audience, will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding. 
very_good While 'Deathly Hallows: Part 2' brings closure to the sprawling saga, the primary reason to see the film is because it's entertaining. 
very_good With nothing left to tell, the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back. 
very_good One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows: Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated, but for those in the know, it's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical. 
good begins with a bang and doesn't stop. 
fair A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning. 
very_good Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking, imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale. 
good It's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper. It's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay. A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe's Pabst can. 
good More than ever, Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort, and the talented thespian is up to the task, holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance. 
very_good "A worthy conclusion to the series, providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling's wizard saga." 
best A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy. 
very_good If ever there was a critic-proof film, this is most certainly it - but, pleasingly, it's so good that it doesn't have to be. 
very_good Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper. 
good ... a mostly satisfying coda, with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux. 
very_good Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy, but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own. 
very_good The Potter universe, magical as it is, is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions. You don't read Harry Potter to escape, you read Harry Potter to find your way. 
fair Not the be-all and end-all of its series, nor of summer blockbusters... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride. 
very_good Thematically, like any good myth, the Harry Potter story comes full circle, with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures, if only in our imaginations. 
very_good Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution. This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper. There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like... 
very_good One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen, in this series or outside of it... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this. 
bad [It] bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace. Many of the movies, including this one, have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them. 
very_good In the end, it's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling's concept that makes it a can't-put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind. 
good Harry Potter isn't about the wand choosing the wizard; it's about what education should be about: transforming imagination into reality. 
very_good Satisfying 
best Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch. It's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment. 
good Ten years. Eight movies. Evil vanquished. It's done. 
very_good In the 10 years since Harry's first big- screen close-up, the spell has never been broken. And we Muggles have been made better for the magic. 
very_good As they say, all good things must come to an end. But in this instance, you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note. Thanks for the memories, Harry Potter. We'll miss you. 
best Fantastic! Emotional! Its a full blown out war! 
best Spectacularly epic, poignant end to a magical series. 
very_good "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more. 
very_good The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development, loud moments and quiet ones, and it's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish. 
best The greatest Potter film of them all. 
good The Potter films have gotten darker, both literally and figuratively, with each installment, and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black. 
good In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry's been forced to become. It's a real performance, layered and even moving. 
good A fitting final chapter. 
bad Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad, you understand; it's much better than I expected, given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular. 
best This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name. 
good It's a solid capper for this monumental series. 
good It's so detailed and mature that there's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence. 
good There's no doubt about it: Harry Potter ends on a high. 
good The finale is a great British triumph, twice as good as its predecessor, highly recommended. A happy ending, as I think it's known. 
good There's not much to say about this movie. If you've read the books, you'll go and see it and love it. If you've seen all the other films, you'll go and see it and love it. 
good An exciting, appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish. 
very_good ...the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in "Return of the Jedi." 
very_good It's been a rocky road, but this final stop is among the series' best entries. 
very_good End of an extensive journey, hauling a weight of finality that's bittersweet. Still, there's much to celebrate here, with the picture a stirring, magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey. 
good An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates' finest entry yet, but one of the best films in the series. 
good This Potter movie is the greatest, a fantastic end to a monumental series. 
good By staying true to the book's themes, fans immersed in Rowling's world will be more than satisfied, and should be advised to bring a tissue. 
fair It's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion. 
good So long, Harry. It's been magic. 
good Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes. 
good This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner. 
best The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning. That's the definition of a classic. 
best A fitting, shocking, exciting, mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome. 
bad Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series. 
good Watched as a stand-alone film it's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying, but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history. 
good [Ends] the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels. 
bad I can merely pay illiterate, honest homage to the costumes, special effects and set designs, which are all fantastic. And to the actors, hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis. 
good That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate. 
good after ten years, eight films, and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling, Harry Potter's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling, if not more so, than the first 
best The final film has been labeled the 'epic conclusion' and I was elated to discover that it didn't disappoint. 
good It works its own kind of magic, the kind that comes from a great story, well told. 
best This is a terrific, smartly designed adolescent adventure, visually rich, narratively satisfying, and bound to resonate for years to come. 
fair Part 2 is never not good, but that's small comfort when anticipating greatness. 
good Less committed filmgoers probably won't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless. 
good The final installment of Harry Potter's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others. 
good It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series, nor the perfect conclusion to it. It's what it represents that's significant. And that's the end of an era. 
best A dazzling, stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise. 
very_good Harry Potter's epic journey ends with power and majesty. For 10 years, we've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb. All building to: This. 
bad How do you compete with young Harry, young Ron, and young Hermione? You can't. They're ones of a kind. Good night sweet princes and princess. 
best The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before. 
good The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with. 
very_good Everything comes together; the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk venom, Parseltongue, polyjuice potion, the castle ghosts... there's no fat here. 
good So the wait was worth it. The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort, and is not a disappointment. 
very_good Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler's cinematic adventures began, the saga resolves in ways suspenseful, romantic and thrilling. 
very_good Exactly what it needs to be: artfully filmed, tautly paced, just sentimental enough. 
good As a standalone film, it delivers intense and engaging action. Though, I couldn't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see. 
best A truly magical finale. 
very_good The best was saved for last. 
very_good It has been extraordinarily fun, and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale. The best has been saved for the last. 
best The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray (where Eduardo Serra's cinematography will really pop) and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever. 
good David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers. 
good With its heartening final note of hope and renewal, Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all. 
best Well done, Harry! You've saved the best for last. 
best Tears are shed for the lost, cheers are raised for the (often unexpectedly) brave and noble, and, in the movie's final moments, there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking. 
very_good It's virtually non-stop action, though director David Yates, who has taken good care of these final four, ever-meaner Potter adventures, does a very crafty thing, following adapter Steve Kloves' screenplay. 
very_good This movie is impressively staged, the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through, there are surprises which, in hindsight, seem fair enough, and "Harry Potter" now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history. 
best A finale that's as moving, spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike. 
best Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project. Writer Steve Kloves... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials. 
best This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film. 
good J.K. Rowling's boy wizard gets a spectacular, yet not entirely satisfying finale. 
very_good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania. 
very_good It's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations. What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book, and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade. 
very_good Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end. The movie's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant, half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you've savored. 
very_good A satisfying wrap-up of the series, with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman. 
very_good Some will complain that the film doesn't explain anything, blithely assuming you've read the books, and simply plows ahead. Good. 
very_good The movie puts a spell on you. 
good Ao longo de uma decada, a serie Harry Potter transportou criancas de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa, imaginativa, envolvente, tocante, divertida, inteligente e deliciosa. 
good Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion. 
best What a way to go out. 
good Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring, director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film, and the best of the whole series. 
good ...good enough, which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole. 
bad Epic battle? Please. Director David Yates moves at only two speeds: Super-charged yet not impactful and labored, faux-majestic stillness. 
very_good A fitting, expertly made final chapter, freighted with hard-won emotions, shot through with a sense of farewell, and fully aware of the epic stakes involved. 
very_good Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues. You're going to need both. 
good What fun to feel like a kid again. I had a marvelous time. 
fair Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it. 
good If you don't know what a Horcrux is, then you're at the wrong movie. 
fair One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D 
good Radcliffe's Potter is an abominable creation, capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees, ability to infiltrate the hero's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer. 
very_good Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material, this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic. 
best The final Harry Potter movie, above all others, supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion, but some real dramatic heft. Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout. 
best Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high. 
very_good We'll miss you, Harry. But oh, what a way to go out. 
best The fast-paced, spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series. 
good It may not contain many of the series' most comic, surprising or quotable moments, but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century's most popular fictional characters. 
good While it's unfolding, this is just terrific fun: eye-scorching, ear-battering, heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle. 
good It's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter, but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season, the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang, and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers. 
good It's wonderful. Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be. 
fair The film's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice, the responsibilities of power, friendship, hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history. 
good It's a great sense of hope and affection that you're left with in the end, regardless of J.K. Rowling's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D, it adds very little 
best Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart, slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters (and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows). 
good With shifting loyalties, unlikely heroes, truths revealed and a little help from friends, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion. 
very_good Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding. 
very_good A triumphant, spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards. 
good Harry is, and always was, The Boy Who Lived, and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title, and realising that the burden of life is carried by all. 
good In the end the thing works like, well, magic... 
very_good An abbreviated, yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet. 
best To say they've saved the best for last would be an understatement. It's a finale that's truly magical in every way, and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet. 
good Deathly Hallows Part 2 isn't just a proper sendoff, but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place. 
best A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages! 
very_good While "Deathly Hallows: Part 2" offers long-promised answers, it also dares to pose some eternal questions, and it'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed. 
good Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick, even if it can't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings. 
good Set pieces so spectacular you'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days 
good Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment's latter two acts is more pathos, exhilaration, and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film, ten-year saga. Potter has certainly saved the best for last. 
good Love, loss, courage, hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga. 
good It's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture, yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers, here you feel totally invested in the protagonists' plight. 
good A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats. Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet, bespectacled, corduroy-wearing hero for the ages. 
good All too soon, in the words of the tagline, 'It All Ends'. Spectacularly. Emotionally. And Wanderfully. 
good Of course, if the films haven't won you over by this point, this one is unlikely to make you a convert, but for the millions of fans who've grown up with Potter, it's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition. 
good It's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet. 
good Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter, director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang. Finales don't come much grander than this. 
good This is such an entertaining, beguiling, charming and exciting picture. It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one, 10 years ago. 
good The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort. It could easily have been a letdown. But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying. It's thrilling. 
good You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it, but that won't be a problem for most people who see this film. 
fair If one thing is evident, it's that Kiarostami enjoys blurring the line between real life and fiction. 
best The responsibility that Kiarostami feels toward truth combined with the genuine compassion that he displays toward his "characters" makes the film profoundly humanistic. 
fair Moderately captivating, complex and sophisticated with exquisite production values, but too much exposition diminishes the dramatic momentum. 
bad Overall, Alpha Alert delivers a decent thriller for a smaller direct-to-video scale production. 
best Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon. 
good A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever. 
very_good Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake. 
good Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion. 
best Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience. Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction. 
best ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness... 
very_good Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense. 
very_good Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not just because it's emotionally rich, but because it doesn't treat the MMA sport like a joke. 
very_good Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't want either fighter to lose. 
good One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point. 
bad In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not wanted on this two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family. 
good Not far removed from its true-to-life counterpart 'The Fighter,' 'Warrior' is about two men who decide to enter a mixed martial arts competition for two very different reasons. 
very_good A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness. 
very_bad This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton. 
bad Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore. 
very_good Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time. 
very_good Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never submitting to life's beat downs. 
fair Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality. 
very_bad Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion. 
good The film's great achievement is not in the way it manages to drop us suitably wimpy audience members right into a good ol' fashioned no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time. 
good A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins. 
fair Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball. 
bad Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level. 
very_good easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years 
good Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing. Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances. 
good Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering. Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions. 
bad Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions 
very_bad Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity. 
fair Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch 
good Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles. 
bad Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars. 
bad Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton makes an implausible character believeable. 
good Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte. 
good A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight. 
bad This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans. 
bad The point here is not the triumph of some hypothetical good guy; the point is the beating out of brains 
terrible a hodge-podge of inspirational sports movie cliches mashed with pseudo-intellectual bullpucky trying to rise above its stand as a blatant advertisement for mixed martial arts 
good They call them "male weepies" for a reason and yes, dude, I cried. 
bad Somehow, among the cliches and familiar story lines, the actors rise above the muck and make a movie that's entertaining to watch. 
bad Only one thing actually needs to work, and it does... the important part is that when it gently treads on your heartstrings after all the pieces are in place, you get sniffly. 
bad A tougher, meaner animal than close cousin The Fighter, with Hardy, Edgerton and Nolte at their pugnacious, heart-wrenching best. 
very_good The best movie I have seen this year. Hardy, Edgerton and especially Nolte are outstanding! 
very_good Nolte, his face weathered from life (has it really been 35 years since he played young Tom Jordache on "Rich Man, Poor Man?") would easily make my short list when Oscar nominations come around. 
very_good If you pass on seeing Warrior simply because you don't like MMA, you're denying yourself the chance to see a solid, well-made, emotionally gripping movie. 
good 'Warrior' makes you cheer, sweat, laugh and in a completely shocking twist, cry just a little bit. 
very_bad ...slow, predictable, woodenly acted, and utterly preposterous. 
fair I had problems with The Fighter, but on balance, I have more with Warrior, which does a nice job of mostly subverting the inevitable genre cliches but has trouble coming up with anything new to fill the void. 
very_good Warrior is an epic, beautiful film, a must see! 
very_good The MMA bouts in "Warrior" are undeniably thrilling, but it's the cages that Paddy and his sons have built for themselves that contain the most drama. 
good enough ancillary surprises, and clever spins on classic tropes, to add a piquant sense of discovery, as well as some genuinely gripping suspense 
good Fantastic family drama features intense martial-arts fights. 
good Warrior is a weirdly affecting hybrid, a 100-proof melodrama that's two-thirds Sylvester Stallone and one-third Eugene O'Neill. Think Rocky's Long Day's Journey into Night. 
good A film that's a powerhouse for all the old-school reasons: a tremendous cast, identifiable characters you care about and a story that both excites and moves. 
good There are extraordinary degrees of emotion and intelligence to be found in every word spoken by Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton. 
very_good I cried three times! While a bit manipulative, I found myself emotionally invested in every character to the point where I could almost feel the punches! 
fair Soap opera plot aside, ultimate fighting fans will eat this one up. As for the rest of us, it depends. 
good Exceedingly far-fetched but undeniably rousing. 
good Warrior might be a fairly conventional fight movie in many respects, but it's a damned fine one that more than holds its own against the challengers in its weight class. 
very_bad ... for all of its supposed realism and reflection of hard times in America, the movie plays out as complete fairy-tale nonsense. It isn't a working-class success story -- it's a working-class fantasy world. 
good Director Gavin O'Connor comes out swinging in this flawed but fiercely moving family drama...Strong stuff. 
good While "Warrior" does offer enough jaw-snapping action to sate any 'roid-ragers in the audience, it works on deeper levels as well. 
bad O'Connor treats the brothers' stories like two separate movies, but both are cliched, and we don't learn enough about the rules of mixed martial arts to be drawn into the many, many bouts we see. 
bad Nolte's performance is masterful, marshalling together pain and regret and a slowly dawning comprehension in a single wince. But all this film has going for it besides him are its incredibly brutal fight scenes. 
very_bad A cheap exploitation picture wrapped in miles and miles of stale would-be Oscar scenes... 
very_good "Warrior" could have used a bit more guts. But it's still a knockout. 
bad This fictional drama about two men struggling with the anger planted in them by their abusive father has moments of power that push through a fake-out script. 
very_good Even Susan Lucci is rolling her eyes at these soap opera twists and turns, but Warrior is pretty good. 
good Three great actors and a smart script -- combined with the rah-rah sports movie we all know and love. 
bad It's just a shame that, when the punching and kicking really gets started during the film's final third, the 140-minute tale goes flabby due to an uncomfortable mix of sincere populist enthusiasm and artistic ambition. 
fair These are characters painted in such broad strokes that, while the sense of their journey is there, the feeling behind it winds up lacking. 
good Yes, the coincidences are fast and furious, but both Edgerton and Hardy give powerful performances as damaged men. 
bad Warrior resists many opportunities to seal an easy resolution, and for this you remain with it until the final punch. 
bad Hits things so hard, both literally and metaphorically, that it's hard not to feel pummeled yourself by the time it's over. 
good A skillfully made film complete with strong performances and a surprisingly gripping emotional core and it is those elements that help keep it humming along even when it threatens to collapse under the weight of its occasionally hokey plotting. 
fair The plot is Shakespeare meets Balboa. 
bad Choppy editing makes a hash out of the fight scenes, and, by the end, a Neanderthal sensibility asserts itself: A brotherly beating makes the heart grow fonder. 
fair moving in a blatant sort of way 
best The set-up sounds gallingly crude and derivative, yet "Warrior" turns it into a one-two punch of gripping action and powerful drama. 
good The two leads, Edgerton and Hardy, pull off their respective roles - rising above the cliches and the melodrama - with ferocity and focus. 
very_good Yes, this is a mixed martial arts movie. It's also one of the most heart-wrenching and deeply felt films of the year. 
fair All the director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor does is apply old boxing-film tricks to what is, for the movies, a new sport. Then he doubles them. 
good It is appropriately blunt, powerful and relentless, a study of male bodies in sweaty motion and masculine emotions in teary turmoil. 
fair Every time you start resisting, somehow the film makes the sale, again. 
very_good One of the most emotionally involving sports movies ever ... surely as moving a film as possible to make about people beating the stuffing out of each other. 
very_good The scariest man in movies right now might be Tom Hardy. He somehow makes his sinews seethe. 
good "Soul of a lion." I jotted that down. For with "Warrior," it seems to apply. 
good This is a rare fight movie in which we don't want to see either fighter lose. 
very_good Lovers of the sport and macho men in general be warned: Warrior is so beautifully constructed and emotionally engaging, the tears are almost certain to fall. Bring a hankie and/or a very discreet companion. 
bad Drawn-out and threadbare, its occasional moments of authentic family drama failing to carry the weight of the 140-minute running time. 
good The film takes off into the stratosphere, perfectly balancing concise editing, strategic momentum and masterfully performed fight dances while never letting the audience forget why this is happening and where we are in the competition. 
very_good The coincidences and melodrama are piled on as thick as Tom Hardy's neck muscles, but, thankfully, the movie, and even Hardy himself, shoulders it. 
good Hardy is as good an actor as there is working today; his intensity here is amazing. Nolte hasn't been this good in a long time. And Edgerton holds his own with both. 
fair Alas, although the acting's uniformly strong, and the film has kitchen-sink grit to spare, it errs more on the side of 1995's Rocky IV than John Avildsen's '76 original... 
bad Works like gangbusters -- tears will be stifled by the end of the sibling vs. sibling finale -- and most of the credit should go to Hardy, Nolte and Edgerton. 
good Skillfully made and adrenalin-fueled, Warrior is nothing like what I expected. It overcomes inescapable boxing and martial arts cliches and leaves you thoroughly sated, energized and wanting more. 
good A double-barreled Rocky for the mixed martial arts generations, the practically epic fight film Warrior is one of the most exhilarating surprises of this summer movie season. 
very_good With great intensity, Warrior is a pleasant surprise, capturing the heart and spirit of a champion. 
best The way it cobbles together the multiple storylines and relationships makes Warrior a more emotionally satisfying film than The Fighter. Lionsgate may want to get the train going on an Oscar campaign for Nolte. 
fair Even if Warrior could have or should have shaped up into something bigger, it's impossible not to recommend. 
good There have been so many fight movies to come out of Hollywood that you wouldn't think there was room for another, but turns out there is. 
best The final third of the film, which covers the Sparta tournament in great detail, is a breathless triumph; a genuinely adrenaline pumping crescendo. 
terrible An immature, contrived, sap-infested drama of feuding family members, feel-good histrionics and mixed martial arts. 
good With Miracle and now Warrior, Gavin O'Conner can lay claim to being the finest sports-drama director working today. 
very_good Ultimately, this movie is more about the dark, bloody conflicts within the human heart than it is about what transpires in the cage. 
very_good A brilliantly executed film that succeeds both as a family drama and one of the most exciting sports films you're likely to see this year. 
best WARRIOR made me want to get on my feet and cheer. Move over BRIAN'S SONG- this is going to become a "guy cry" classic. 
good Boys working out their issues with their fists and feet isn't a particularly original metaphor, but Warrior makes some unexpected choices that allow the film to punch above its weight. 
best It hardly rewrites the rulebook, but Warrior is a powerful, moving and brilliant sports-pic-cum-family drama. Like The Fighter, but with kicking. 
good Warrior sets its sights on something much deeper than fighting. 
best As so many films get lost in the Friday shuffle of new releases, it seems easier for a quality, smaller film to miss its audience. Don't lose Warrior. It's one of the best films of 2011. 
best The Social Network is a spellbinding and compelling story with top notch performances and flawless directing. 
best The movie that shows you just what being "the smartest guy in the room" will get you. 
best Aaron Sorkin's amazing script and several great performances make this one of the best movies of 2010. 
good The Social Network may not turn out to be the definitive movie made about the plugged-in generation, but it's a pretty good start. 
good Fincher's keen eye for direction and Sorkin's sharp script make this worth seeing for fans and non-fans of [Facebook] alike. 
good Even if you've never touched a computer in your life, you'll find plenty to be fascinated by in this movie, as it shows that, whilst technology may be moving fast, the human capacity for hubris will always remain the same. 
best It's hard work making a character you don't like into a character you don't like, but can still respect. 
very_good It's part Citizen Kane, part Goodfellas, part Revenge of the Nerds and the most entertaining film you never knew you would want to see. 
very_good The Social Network is so engrossing you don't even notice how heavy handed the films central dramatic irony could be -- that the greatest tool for communication in the modern age was created by someone who has no idea how to relate to other people. 
very_good That the project is not only a success but one of 2010&#8242;s best films is a testament to Fincher's talent as a director and his seemingly perennial ability to surround himself with incredibly astute, like-minded collaborators. 
very_good Almost certainly deliberately indebted to [Citizen] Kane, a quality that wordlessly speaks to Zuckerberg's own inflated ego. 
very_good Enormously entertaining, thought-provoking and fascinating despite a flawed, possibly biased screenplay. 
best The merits of Facebook can be debated; the merits of The Social Network are undeniable. 
good An invigorating and vital film. 
terrible full review at Movies for the Masses 
very_good Snappy script, sharp editing, eerily perfect soundtrack and nuanced performances. One of the first films to articulate the psychological power and draw of the internet: what it feeds us and why we feed on it 
fair Just how much of the story is really true is anyone's guess but the brilliant script and Eisenberg's performance make it worth seeing in any case. 
good The need to belong drives the men behind a revolution in the slick biopic The Social Network. 
good The great irony is that the biggest player in the social networking boom proved to be someone so socially retarded he borders on sociopathic at times. 
very_good I'm really not making this up. My best friend Emily called me half an hour before I left to see 'The Social Network.' And guess what she wanted to know? 'This woman who went to high school with us wants to friend me,' she said. 'Do you remember her?' 
very_good Fincher and Sorkin, who clearly acknowledged that the meat of the plot was in examining the diverse characters involved, are to be applauded. 
fair It's a credit to the combined efforts of Fincher and Sorkin that the dramatic tension can (more than once) culminate in the refreshing of a website. 
very_good This is a beautifully made film by David Fincher with a superb screenplay by Aaron Sorkin. 
good Like Zuckerberg, Fincher excels at data management, delivering vast amounts of information with the utmost clarity and speed. 
very_good This masterful, contentious and gripping biopic downloads us deep inside the control-alt-delete mind of the creator of Facebook, and then throws away the escape key. 
good A film of our times that captures the spirit of a generation that isn't prepared to wait their turn or pay their dues and instead will make the opportunities for themselves or tear it away from the less ambitious. 
best This picture helps convey the significance of the social media revolution; the one that simultaneously brings us together and tears us apart. The Social Network is scarily good. It gets us. 
good It's a shamelessly biased account, as well as a seductively plausible one, although you have to keep your wits about you to get the full effect. 
best Fincher has delivered his best work since Seven. An even better period drama than Zodiac and even more relevant to our generation today than Fight Club. 
best It doesn't take but a few minutes into the film for us to realize we're not only watching Fincher's strongest film to date, but the year's as well. 
very_good Fincher has constructed a wonderfully balanced tale of a young narcissistic genius in want of status and recognition. 
fair There's a lot to like, yet The Social Network lacks a strong emotional core that is integral to making a good drama truly great. 
very_good Ultimately it transcends the online world. This is an age-old story of an ambitious person who is able to accomplish much, but loses sight of what's really important. 
bad El habil guion de Aaron Sorkin y la dinamica direccion de David Fincher logran un relato entretenido, que ofrece una vision ambigua - aunque piadosa - del creador de Facebook. 
best An exhilarating, absorbing, fast-moving drama detailing the ugly, angry clash of the old world with the new. 
best ...an incredibly solid drama that has plenty to offer both computer buffs and neophytes alike. 
fair In his first venture over to the dark side, the central performance by Jesse Eisenberg is a revelation. It's Oscar-worthy stuff. 
best It gets no better than this. 
good David Fincher's fast-paced business drama adopts the set-up of his 1999 film Fight Club and inverts it. 
best It's still a little early to start making Oscar noise, but I can see "The Social Network" nabbing several come early next year, including nods for Eisenberg and Timberlake. 
good Despite the fun of the parties, the intrigue of the legal wranglings and the humour of the dialogue, Fincher and Sorkin never let us forget that we're complicit in their story (or at least 500 million of us are). 
good Business hasn't been this exciting since Gordon Gekko's first outing. 
best It's riveting stuff... 
good It's Eisenberg's performance that captivates -- icky and icy but strangely sympathetic. 
best Despite all of the betrayal, court cases and double crossing, let's be honest, no-one really cares about the founding of Facebook, but in the hands of David Fincher, however, The Social Network is something of a masterpiece. 
good El boton de "Me gusta" ha sido presionado. Muchas veces, y con fuerza. 
good The story of Facebook is given a dramatic twist by the combination of Sorkin's brainy script and Fincher's brawny direction. What emerges is the tale of a computer nerd who only understands relationships if they're online. 
good A rich, understated character drama that gleefully exposes the petty playground politics at the centre of one of the internet-era's most bitter court cases. 
best A rare and vital film that nails the concerns of privileged post-adolescence in the first few years of the 21st century, and, more universally, draws out eternal themes of truth, subjectivity and envy with an effortless elegance. 
best A timeless story of friendship and betrayal which illustrates how our appetite for more can become insatiable, regardless of the consequences. 
best Fincher melds The Social Network into a riveting study on the perils of power and money, flipping Zuckerberg from socially-maladjusted college student into a young man governed by obsession, greed and entitlement. 
good The film is almost nothing but scenes of people sitting over glowing screens, or in lawyers' offices, or in bars/diners/clubs. Yet it never seems sedentary. The jabber is intensive. 
best Like. Poke. Share. 
best Polish up the Oscar and get ready to give it to Eisenberg, an actor whom most people have never seen before. 
best Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a hugely enjoyable, era-defining drama that's gripping, laugh-out-loud funny and ultimately moving -- it's also one of the best films of the year. 
very_good The film is...kind of like a portrait of Now. 
very_good Tells an impressive story in an accomplished way about genius and intellect, the corrupting power of greed and pride, and about paying for poor behavior, intentional or otherwise. 
very_good The Social Network s'impose deja comme une oeuvre majeure d'une decennie qui ne fait pourtant que commencer. 
best You can pencil Aaron Sorkin in for the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar right now. 
best Facebook Founder an Enigma in The Social Network 
very_good Jesse Eisenberg's Zuckerberg is a beautiful, fully textured child of the internet age. 
best The Social Network is one of the movies for which 2010 will be remembered. 
very_good I'm really not making this up. 
good Fincher and Sorkin Have Created a Film Whose Truth is as Subject as it's Presented on Facebook Itself. A Dark, Entertaining Parable. 
best A sympathetic examination of how this prickly character [Zuckerberg], and his desperate need for connection, led to an invention that allows millions to connect with each other. 
best We have Facebook because some dude got dumped. I can believe that. 
fair The Social Network may bore into its subject, rather than blow it up, but it has inviting style and depth. It's an adroit portrait of a revolutionary time that emboldened contact at the same time that it made it less meaningful. 
best Watching a movie with a snappy pace, whip-smart dialogue, and so many interesting things to say about where we are as a country right now is such a pleasure. 
bad Manipulation is the heart of this film, both in the story being told, and by the filmmakers who molded the true story to fit their agenda. 
very_good a virtuoso modern parable about greed, innovation, and betrayal, as well as a compelling portrait of how technology is changing the landscape of both business enterprise and interpersonal relationships 
bad Here?s a status update: Yes, controlling personalities with Napoleon complexes thrive on the Internet. Too bad this film seems to have been made by as well as about them. 
best The Social Network is a sweeping look at the mind, our generation and era, and our future. 
good A glib little morality tale dressed up in trendy togs, and it is to profundity what Facebook is to actual human interaction. But it?s undeniably appealing. 
very_good The film's real achievement stretches beyond the story. When we've all forgotten Facebook, The Social Network will remind us what it was to be part of the generation of Millenials. 
best Expresses that the most successful personalities are driven by a psychotic need to win. 
good A great director can take a great script and make a great movie out of any subject matter - such as the creation of Facebook 
best The scariest screen villain in a half century, since Psycho's Norman Bates, given that this inscrutable creep actually exists in real life. 
best Eisenberg gives a performance so captivating that I could sit through the movie again, just to watch him. 
best 'Citizen Kane' for the impatient digital era, with that masterpiece's decades-spanning morality tale of loss, hubris, loneliness and revenge compressed into a few years, and with an ex-girlfriend named Erica instead of a sled named Rosebud... 
bad The film played well for me while it was playing -- I wasn't bored. But it's far from the best movie I've seen this year. 
very_good Cool, fast, smart and sleek. It's also a surprisingly deep and almost painful reminder of the importance of a real social network - as opposed to, say, Facebook. 
best Bookmark this one on your must-see list. 
good I know I could tell you to 'accept' or 'like' or 'friend' this movie. Instead, I'm just going to tell you to go see it. 
good Fast-moving, engaging, and even exciting. 
best Even if you've never logged on to Facebook, you can still get caught up in the way The Social Network looks at issues of friendship, rivalry, inspiration, and the cutthroat nature of business. 
good A modern morality tale full of rich performances by a great young cast playing from a smart, canny script. The Social Network is one of the coolest, sharpest films of the year. 
very_good Like the screwball comedies and film noir staples of yore, The Social Network exhibits an extraordinary gift for gab. 
very_good [Network's rise and fall] relates to the classic gangster film narrative ... More directly, [the film] positions itself as a new Citizen Kane, with its protagonist reaching the heights of a communication empire. 
very_good The Social Network boasts enough great dialogue to fuel a half dozen Oscar-bait movies. 
very_good It is a great many things: a giddy comedy... a marvelous piece of top-shelf cinematic craftsmanship, a consideration of how communication works in a plugged-in world. 
good The movie may serve to bridge the huge Grand Canyon-like chasm between baby boomers on one side and Gen X and Y'ers on the other, stimulating meaningful discussions about values, viewpoints and ideas. 
best Give it a shot. Unlike Facebook itself, The Social Network has no real flaws. 
bad a self-important, narcissistic glorification of its own significance 
best ... it's Eisenberg's performance that helps make Zuckerberg the most fascinating and complicated movie character since Daniel Day-Lewis' Daniel Plainview. 
best Fincher is back to the sort of engrossing, immersive storytelling of his best work in Zodiac. 
best Nonetheless, having made the occupants of the White House seem believably human in The American President and in The West Wing, Sorkin knows it's better to focus on his characters' hearts, no matter how black, than their coding fingers 
very_good There's a lot to "Like" about The Social Network. 
good In the end, The Social Network is not so much about Facebook as it is about the complicated and tortuous social warfare that led to its birth. 
best You will know The Social Network is something very special from its first scene. 
best The Social Network shares creative DNA with a handful of classic, zeitgeist-savvy films like Network and All the President's Men, as well as more recent fare such as The Insider and Michael Clayton. 
very_good The brilliance of Eisenberg's performance is that even when you want to slap his Zuckerberg silly you can't help but admire his creativity, his ambition and his almost religious dedication to the Internet's potential. 
very_good This is the 2010 Oscar season's first drama to live up to the hype and expectations associated with it. 
very_good It has the staccato wit of a drawing-room comedy, the fatal flaw of a tragic romance and the buzzy immediacy of a front-page headline, all powered by a kinetic engine typically found in an action flick. 
very_good David Fincher and screenwriter Aaron Sorkin have put together a well-acted, intelligent, and compelling film that merits accolades as one of the best films of 2010. 
best Multifaceted and Brilliant 
best Eisenberg gives us a speeded-up rendition of his previous performances, but it fits. There's also fine cinematography by Jeff Cronenweth and softly pulsating music by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross. 
good Fantastic performances, compelling story for teens and up. 
best The Social Network is more a meditation on right vs. wrong than a chronicle of the birth of Facebook and it is a more affecting film because of that. 
best Easily ranks as one of the best films of 2010, and David Fincher's best work this side of Fight Club and Se7en. 
very_good ...a fabulous post-modern fable. 
best David Fincher's smartly written, expertly told chronicling of the dawn of the Facebook era ... is just that compelling, that engrossing, that hard to resist. Kind of like a certain website I know. 
best The best movie ever made about e-commerce, as well as the Internet itself. 
good A tale of a social outcast turning the tables, or, if you can't join 'em, beat 'em. This is a valuable, flinty work of reflective zeitgeist, holding up a myriad of mirrors to our own wildly self-promotional selves. 
best Every aspect of the film, from Fincher's beautiful direction to Reznor's emotionally devastating score to each and every performance is absolutely stunning. 
very_good Forget the guy who invented the Pet Rock or Jump to Conclusions Mat; Facebook is now the stick that every American dream is measured against. And "The Social Network" is surprisingly the stick that movies need to measure up to in 2010. 
very_good Somehow the results come together like the perfect status update. 
best Sorkin has stripped down the Facebook experience and presents the overlying and often unspoken commitment to its usage. How do others view us? 
best If you want to see an enthralling movie about business in the 21st century, forget about that stinker Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps. 
very_good Everyone in The Social Network is smart. Everyone in The Social Network is sarcastic. And that is big fun to watch. 
best What looks on paper like a static series of dead-end conversations comes to life as a vital, engaging, even urgent parable for our age. 
best The best aspect of the movie is just how delightfully trashy it is. There are more "oh no he di-in't" moments than in an episode of Jersey Shore. 
best The Social Network" is sharp, incisive, insightful and witty. It also touches upon our need -- some may say our addiction -- for human contact, even if it is through a computer. 
bad Lackluster, pedestrian, emotionally hollow and underwhelming despite exquisite cinematography and a timely, initially intriguing premise. 
best The Social Network sets out to show you the genesis of a modern Rockefeller, Carnegie or Vanderbilt. In the 21st century, information is the new oil, the new steel. What hasn't changed is the mentality of the tycoon. 
very_good All of these misshapen odds and ends click together for one of the year's most satisfying films so far. 
good Aiming for greatness and not quite making it, The Social Network will have to settle for solidly consistent. Most major studio releases should be so lucky. 
good Densely written and expertly directed with performances that rank among the year's best... 
good Even with his constantly affectless expression, Eisenberg gives Zuckerberg just enough vulnerability to make you not entirely hate him. 
best The writing is strong, and the drama -- the drama of betrayal -- is ever present. 
very_good Relies mainly on great dialogue and strong performances from its young cast to propel a story so riveting that it transcends the film's ugly reputation as The Facebook Movie. 
best Thanks to David Fincher's straightforward direction, Aaron Sorkin's Oscar-level script and a half-dozen sharp performances, this is one of the best movies of the year. 
best It's Fight Club without Marla. 
best Weeks after seeing it, moments from it will haunt you. 
best Fincher gives the story the vitality and clear, coherent tension of a thriller. 
very_good It's a smart bomb of a film that illustrates how technology and innovation influence human behavior. 
very_good One of the many remarkable things about David Fincher's movie The Social Network is the constant realization, as you watch, that this movie should by all rights have been exceedingly dull. 
best It's astonishing that a movie mostly set in front of computer screens and in deposition rooms, a movie where the end is already known, has the hold of a suspense film. 
best The Social Network is terrific entertainment - an unlikely thriller that makes business ethics, class distinctions and intellectual-property arguments sexy 
very_good In some ways Fincher, who has portrayed serial killers both fictional ('Seven') and real ('Zodiac'), has never presented a character as remorselessly vicious as the implacable cyberpunk. 
best Fincher has made quite a few terrific films, from Se7en to the underrated Zodiac. But this time he's outdone himself. The Social Network is riveting from start to finish, and a master class in directing. 
best With spectacular performances, technical elements that are beyond criticism, and the best directorial work of Fincher's remarkable career, The Social Network is one of the best films of 2010. 
best Watching The Social Network, the real Zuckerberg may feel as if someone has hacked into his Facebook account and changed his profile picture. 
good History as we know it is still unfurling, and The Social Network is that rare film that has something -- not yet definitive, but certainly provocative -- to say about it. 
very_good The Social Network sees Fincher more ambitious in his narrative choices than ever before, his visual and thematic ideas seemingly multiplying uncontrollably within each frame. 
very_good Has a rhythm, or a pulse. ... You almost interact with the production as you would a stage play, as if the players can feed off your energy (and vice versa). 
very_good Possibly the film of the year. Much more than just a facebook movie. 
best It's the classic American tale of success, power and greed, but one that's updated for the online generation -- like There Will Be Blood on apps. 
good In its quiet way it's every bit as fascinating as Fincher's more self-consciously meaningful films. 
best It may be the year's best movie. 
good The movie zips along at a quick pace, with caffeinated dialogue. Still, things get dull in the third act during the inevitable crash. 
best Brilliantly directed by David Fincher, this provocative film probes the impetus for invention, the changing face of social interaction and the limits of friendship -- the old-fashioned kind and the version linking 500 million Facebook users. 
best David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive. 
best Despite the ceaseless yammering, The Social Network delivers the heady, rib-tickling rush of an action picture, and it gradually builds to an emotional wallop that blindsides you. 
best The film swaggers with a bravado born of insecurity... 
very_good Smartly written by Aaron Sorkin, directed to within an inch of its life by David Fincher and anchored by a perfectly pitched performance by Jesse Eisenberg, The Social Network is a barn-burner of a tale that unfolds at a splendid clip. 
best So good it can make thrilling even the sight of people typing at computer keyboards. 
best With The Social Network, director David Fincher has come up with a movie that, in telling the turbulent story of whiz-kid Mark Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook, isn't just compelling. It's great. 
best On the level of craft, the movie's just absurdly enjoyable. 
best I had more fun watching "The Social Network" than I do snooping Facebook. Post a comment, tag your friends, like this post but get out and see this film! 
best An altogether mesmerizing tale, filled with unexpected dark humor, that plucks a lot of resonant strings about the Digital Age. 
good The Social Network combines a multitude of impressions and conflicting first-person accounts in a trajectory that is refreshingly coherent. 
good Because it tackles a big topic and has been made by an important director, critics have been working overtime to position it as some sort of defining film. It's not. 
very_good Through deft shooting and a brilliant orchestration of flashforwards and flashbacks, [Fincher and Sorkin] turn these potentially deadly scenes of legal sparring into a zesty narrative framework. 
best Addictively entertaining ... tremendously captures a detached-yet-connected Internet age in which people often remain friends online long after the real relationship has dissolved. 
good It zips along, told mostly in flashback, and communicates the pure exhilaration of this momentous social gear-change with aplomb. 
best A riveting cinematic triumph that can be fairly described as the Citizen Kane of the 21st Century. 
good We're talking the internet here, so The Social Network, an analysis of events that took place all of seven years ago, is an ancient history lesson. But it's an illuminating, thoroughly engrossing one. Thrilling, too. 
very_good An unlikely marriage of directorial and writerly sensibilities has produced one of the most stimulating films of the year. 
very_good The real surprise is that it's also great fun, beginning with a screenplay that represents [Aaron] Sorkin at his very best -- zippy, brainy, amusing, incisive. 
best An astonishing morality tale about the shadow side of creativity, the loneliness of pioneers, and the ways in which anger can fuel ambition and power in a world ruled by technology. 
best Fincher and his screenwriter, TV writer-god Aaron Sorkin, have made a seemingly modest picture that achieves something close to greatness the old-fashioned, slow-burning way: By telling a story with faces, dialogue and body language of all types. 
best A portrait of the generational hero no one asked for, the world he changed by accident, and all the things his invention will never change no matter how hard we try. 
best The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade. 
best The Social Network is one of those movies that cares more about whether something "feels" real than whether it is. 
best Do movies ever attempt to analyze the entire weave of life? Now they do. 
very_good Fincher segments and layers his material at a pace befitting the meteoric ascendancy of Facebook itself, and without the grandstanding that's sometimes marked his work. 
very_good Mr. Fincher and Mr. Sorkin offer up a creation story for the digital age and something of a morality tale, one driven by desire, marked by triumph, tainted by betrayal and inspired by the new gospel: the geek shall inherit the earth. 
best This fascinating, astute 'Rashomon'-like tale is tantalizing, provocative and enthralling, never quite delineating the truth. 
best A brilliantly layered film ... another home run for Fincher and about as close to perfection one can hope for with such a complex tale. 
best As socially significant to this generation as films like Network, All The President's Men and The Graduate were in their own time. 
bad full review in Greek 
bad This is an affair to forget. 
good Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it's worth. 
fair Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches. 
bad There are a few quality moments, but this fairy tale is far from enchanting. 
bad Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill. 
fair Attal doesn't illuminate Vincent's motives for straying, and unwisely suggests Vincent's philandering and Gabrielle's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent. 
good In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord, Yvan Attal's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife. 
very_good Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say, 'I do,' marriage is all child's play: jealousy, lies and pure, unconditional love. Perplexing, but not a bad option. 
bad There's nothing much wrong with the film; my complaint is that there's nothing much right about it. 
good The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland, mistranslated title. But the filmmaking? Very exciting. 
good Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood, using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions. 
very_good Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close. 
good This is a fetching piece of work, both comical and savvy, and Gainsborough's brisk, forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity. 
very_good A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward. 
bad The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she's been given to play. 
bad Like the story, the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose, fluid and intent on discovery; it lets characters' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure. 
fair None of these men, unfortunately, is a very compelling character. 
bad Attal's characters are one-note position statements, which forces the unsubtle soundtrack...to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings. 
fair There's little you haven't seen in any number of French flicks, but then, most of them didn't have Gainsbourg. 
very_good This is terrific filmmaking. 
bad Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker's previous My Wife Is An Actress. 
bad A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends. 
bad Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle [Charlotte Gainsbourg] are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men. 
bad Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters. 
bad The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances. 
fair ... suggests that the court system as well as the tabloid headlines (which described the women in terms such as a "wolf pack" and "gal gang") got it wrong. 
good The film is cocktail of comedy and heist with a large shot of social realism. 
good Slipping back and forth between drama and comedy, The Angels' Share initially seems shaggy and unstructured, but that's part of its appeal. 
bad Mingling the peaty scent of Scottish street life with a distilled take on unemployed, at-risk youth, director Ken Loach serves up a surprisingly upbeat cocktail thanks to a subplot involving rare whisky. 
fair Despite its ultimate sense of optimism, the Glasgow-set dramedy nevertheless carries a sense of foreboding. And yet, that might not have been the intention. 
very_good ...a low key and rather marvelous, sweet-natured heist movie 
very_good As unlikely a fable of redemption as any that Hollywood might deliver, elevated by Loach's insistence on naturalism. 
bad A surprisingly warm and heartfelt film about a flawed criminal struggling to start a new life after the birth of his first child. 
bad The result is a sometimes gritty, occasionally charming Highland hybrid, but the final balance feels slightly off-kilter. 
good Loach takes us through the mysteries of whisky making, exploring the subtle tastes and scents in ways that will have audiences wishing they had a dram at hand. But a glass also serves more symbolic purposes ... 
good If you want to look for it, you'll find a layer of metaphor (the distilling process as a symbol of the characters' evolution) and social-realist commentary amid the gentle, life-affirming laughs. 
good Drink it up! 
very_bad The title, by the way, refers to the distillation process: the 2% of whisky that evaporates in the barrel is known as "the angel's share." I'm afraid there's more than 2% evaporation going on in Loach's latest. 
bad Much like a stiff drink at the end of a long day, "The Angels' Share" gets the job done, but you're probably not going to remember it in the morning. 
bad Loach's realism lends an easygoing, ramshackle quality to the film that smoothes over any lack of tightness. 
bad Director Ken Loach's latest glimpse of the U.K. underclass is really two rather different movies, either of which I would've enjoyed on their own. But they don't really fit together in any satisfying or even logical way. 
good A fairy tale with its feet firmly on the ground. 
good Whether Robbie pulls off his caper should be left for the audience to discover. But Loach's great cinematic switcheroo goes off almost without a hitch. 
bad While it has some likable characters, particularly its charismatic lead, it's impossible to shake the feeling that we've seen this movie before. 
very_good A lark, but it's a serious-minded lark, addressing issues of class and culture, the haves and have-nots. 
good Charming enough to satisfy even the trenchant-commentary crowd. 
good The usual Loachian elements are all in place, but there is a gentle spirit at work here as well, and not just the alcoholic spirits around which the plot revolves. 
very_good The Angels' Share is a stellar bit of activist cinema with a light touch. 
very_good The plot thickens, but the mood grows lighter. 
very_good Unexpectedly, and blithely, amusing. 
fair Sweet-natured and high-spirited, it's a fanciful fable with a wee dash of magical realism. 
good Although the English director Ken Loach has been making socially conscious movies for close to 50 years, this shaggy comedy unfolds like the work of a young man on a lark. 
good Like the spirit it celebrates, "The Angel's Share" is a neat little jolt of pleasure - and guaranteed to leave you feeling just a mite warmer. 
very_good While a few farcical moments fizzle, it's mostly charming. 
fair "The Angels' Share" leaves a warm glow. 
fair With The Angels' Share, Ken Loach expertly combines a handful of genres which congeal into an often funny, always charming affair that serves as a salute to whisky to boot. 
bad Watching it is like receiving a hard slap in the face from someone who expects you to laugh it off, even though the sting lingers. 
good While there's no ignoring the social ills that haunt Robbie's hopes, the movie's optimism serves as a cheeky, and surprisingly inspiring, retort. 
terrible Just how is one supposed to react, in 2013, to a non-ironic use of the Proclaimers' "(I'm Gonna Be) 500 Miles" in a musical montage? 
bad Loach coaxes an endearingly poised performance out of nonprofessional Brannigan, and largely sells these scuffling characters as neither hopeless nor heroic-just terribly human. 
good Loach's best film since The Wind That Shakes the Barley. 
bad Ken Loach's breezy scribble about lowlife redemption and drunken buffoonery isn't so much heavy-handed as it is charmingly weightless. 
very_good Loach's realism always carries a distinct sense of humor, volatility and, most alarmingly in this hypercapitalist new century, a socialist passion for The People. 
bad This is as close to a feel-good film as [director] Ken Loach gets, yet he never loses sight or touch with the reality he is so brilliant at capturing on camera. 
good The Angels' Share is the charming story of four Scottish criminals who find redemption - if not exactly rehabilitation - through alcohol. It may not seem like the typical logline for a heart-warmer; it seems about right for a Ken Loach flick. 
good Loach brings a warm-hearted poignancy to this feel-good tale of the more disadvantaged in society who, miraculously, find redemption. 
very_good I loved this. I walked out of this film just really filled with delight. Ken Loach is such a socially conscious filmmaker. 
good The film has a rough and ready look, but the charm of its battler characters shines through and there's plenty to relish here, even though the plot gets more and more improbable the further it proceeds. 
bad [Loach's] latest collaboration with screenwriter Paul Laverty proves the pair can pull off a genre entertainment with aplomb when in the mood. 
bad Finds room for some well-earned warm fuzzies. 
good If I had to make a comparison, I'd say it is an unlikely pairing of Green Street Hooligans and Sideways. 
good The redemptive path is paved with laughter and charm, mixes mirth with tears beautifully 
good It has a spellbinding heft of charm, carrying itself just like a fine whiskey - warm, a little sweet, and unequivocally a joy to return to time and time again. 
good The feel-good comedy of the summer. Who knew? 
bad Brannigan is an engaging lead and Henshaw offers light relief, but director Ken Loach, famous for his social realism, and regular writer Paul Laverty struggle to find a balance between the film's comic and serious elements. 
good A wee heart-warming dram of Scots spirit ... a rich fermentation of the best of British comedy filmmaking with a greater social agenda. 
good It is an uplifting tale of redemption with a hint of politics, which is not overstated. 
good Nowhere in the movie is reality short-changed for story effect. 
bad Another likeable but uneven comedy in the vein of Looking For Eric, [Loach's] 2009 film starring Eric Cantona. 
very_bad The time is ripe for a great Ken Loach film. If only Ken Loach was up for making one. 
good Newcomer Brannigan is a real find, though his dramatic weight is splendidly countered by the scene-stealing Maitland who provides one of the film's two unforgettable, can't-believe-he-did-that moments. 
bad The scenes where The Angels' Share unexpectedly becomes a surprisingly-tense and innovative heist movie are much more fun than the averagely tiresome bank robbery drama. 
good Ken Loach goes full-on feel-good with this enjoyable, rough-edged and well acted comedy drama that's by turns moving, suspenseful and laugh-out-loud funny. 
bad Like good whisky, Loach is mellowing and becoming subtler with age - though a swift chug still has a bit of a kick. 
fair Oddly structured like a whisky tasting, this film cycles through moods from the first taste to the full flavour to the final kick. 
good The Angels' Share is Loach at his most playful and invigorating. 
very_bad Something's gone wrong when a would-be cheerful comedy leaves you feeling as if a condescending finger has been wagged in your face. 
good Like a subtly blended malt, this mixes light and dark to create one of Loach's most life-affirming tales. Funny, frank and it won't give you a splitting hangover. 
good This is British comedy at its warmest and most pleasurable; cask strength, unfiltered and neat. 
good A realistic and revealing portrait of a lonely young man selling Christmas trees on a street corner. 
good Charles Poekel displays an assured directorial hand and maintains a modest, appealing, even droll sensibility throughout. 
very_bad 'What makes Honeybee so bad is its inability to get past the cliches and say something interesting.' 
good Part detective story, part coming of political age saga, and all teenage identity crisis. 
fair At every step, Cautiva is a noble, thoughtful effort. Too bad it's so often a dull one. 
very_bad If Biraben had devoted more energy to the human contours of his story, its metaphorical implications would have sorted themselves out. 
fair The Argentine thriller Cautiva features a solid performance by 23-year-old Barbara Lombardo that goes a long way in making up for the telenovela script. 
good The debut feature of Gaston Biraben, Cautiva is most potent in its first hour, as it bears witness to the disorientation and distrust experienced by a young girl whose life is suddenly turned upside down. 
bad Another mediocre Argentinean film to ride into town on a wave of inexplicable critical approval. 
very_bad Sporadically artful yet stupefyingly dull -- there are some segments that are so beautiful and monotonous that they very nearly hypnotise us...into a coma. 
fair A finely wrought coming-of-age drama that crackles with political tension... 
good Cautiva makes us question the things we take for granted. 
fair This powerful film in the New Directors/New Films Series about a girl's alienation is also an attempt to grapple with the horrors of Argentina's recent history. 
fair These elements come together to form a movie that is clinically ironic but also unique, inspired, and quite sublime. 
best This minimalist, digital-video-shot film has its own cinematic flash and thunder, and does things only movies can do. 
terrible After about an hour, the novelty wears off, and you're aching to see an actual animal and real shrubs. After two hours, you feel disappointed when you realize that this wouldn't even make a good play. After three hours, it's downright infuriating. 
best Bold stylistic decisions reinforce the themes of the narrative, while a strong story and convincing performances prove equal to the task of carrying such an extended running time. 
good 'Rich with meaning or a sublime prank, Dogville gets to you.' 
very_good [Von Trier] portrays intense evil to make us wonder at the resilience and generosity of Grace, that 'alabaster' saint who exemplifies her name ... to a point. 
terrible never manages to be more than a belabored shaggy dog story 
good aesthetically sparse and thematically audacious, the searing work of a genuine provocateur 
very_good A masterpiece. 
bad Fails to meet the expectations of its own conceit. 
best It's the best stage play you've ever attended, and you feel as if you're right in the middle of it. 
very_bad Fascinating for a while but, in the end, just sleep-inducing. 
bad Says everything it wants to say early on, but then repeats it all endlessly. 
bad Von Trier aims to hold a mirror up to America's mistreatment of its own people -- but he ends up revealing more about his own abhorrence for the people watching his movies. 
good You get the feeling that von Trier, up on his soapbox, couldn't find it in his heart to make some necessary cuts. He should have thrown his ego to the dogs. 
best It's a tough sit through tough questions. 
good ...an experience that's both grueling and, in its way, glorious. 
fair Lars von Trier is probably a genius. This doesn't stop him from being a jerk. 
good This examination of selfishness, xenophobia and the human ability to rationalize acts of horror may have audience members squirming not with outrage but recognition... 
fair Exasperating and nearly three-hour blend of stagecraft and sermonizing. 
bad You can loathe Dogville because it represents the basest ideas of human greed and cruelty, but you can't deny that it makes those ideas feel frighteningly real. 
very_good Dogville is irrevocably a movie of our times. 
best Singular and unforgettable -- the work of a brilliant crackpot. 
good Kidman, in a performance as emotionally stark as any she's ever given, makes Grace's journey achingly real, even though everything around her is deliberately artificial. 
best The daring, artistic brilliance of Dogville far outshines any negative interpretation we may have of the work. It's to be praised for inspiring varying interpretations and generating debate. 
best You don't so much enjoy watching it as you simply appreciate the genius that went into its creation. 
bad Von Trier's vision is amazingly thorough and exquisitely executed, but the audience may feel executed as well. 
very_good A beautifully written, filmed and acted movie. 
terrible Dogville is most depressing because Trier promises two more, for his American trilogy. Lars, enough already. 
bad A punishing film to sit through, and its rewards may well depend on how much credit you wish to give von Trier for doing something different. Because, for better or worse, Dogville is unlike anything else you'll see on screens this year. 
best Nearly as powerful as Von Trier's Dancer in the Dark. 
very_good Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker. 
good von Trier sustains his film through nearly three hours with consummate artistry, before suddenly going one step too far with his controversial closing credits. 
good Has more emotional distance than Breaking the Waves or Dancer in the Dark 
very_good Sarcastic humor, inventive staging and a brutal story combine to give Dogville the force of a bonfire, incendiary and beautiful. 
best Dogville is a love-it-or- hate-it experience, but one that will fill a large space in any viewer's imagination. 
very_good Sure it's anti-American but it's also anti-Hollywood and that makes Dogville edgy, thought-provoking, and daringly original. 
bad A novel curiosity by a pretentious talent creating symbolic characters that defy credibility, but Kidman's range of collaborative flexibility is a thing of beauty. 
very_good Unapologetically cynical, miraculously imaginative, and sumptuously beautiful, Dogville is a thought-provoking time at the movies. 
very_good Dogville is another round of brazen disrespect from cinema's baddest boy. But the movie, despite its ultimate nuttiness, has a quiet, consuming power that sneaks up on you and doesn't go away. 
bad Philosophy and politics aside, von Trier has forgotten to make a movie worth watching, create a single sympathetic character or write dialogue that isn't prattle. 
best This is a seriously important film and a huge achievement. 
bad Dogville can be defended and even praised on pure ideological grounds, but most moviegoers, even those who are sophisticated and have open minds, are going to find it a very dry and unsatisfactory slog through conceits masquerading as ideas. 
very_good Imagine if Jesus Christ came to die for our sins only to discover we weren't worth the trouble. 
good A tenacious, brutal drama that dares you to turn your back. 
bad Life is too short for three hours of misanthropy and misogyny. 
good Though certainly a failure in some respects, Dogville may be the most fascinating, richly accomplished screw-up you'll see all year. 
fair As the core character, Kidman delivers a restraint performance, undercutting the script's didacticism and literal mindedness. 
good Dogville isn't for everyone, but there's some intellectually stimulating conversation fodder for those with the patience to navigate the film's rough terrain. 
very_bad Pretentious, conceited, and terribly longwinded, Lars von Trier's Dogville is unappealing and horribly depressing. 
good Brutally masterful allegory. 
very_bad I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it. 
terrible ... an experimental film that went as badly as one of my high school chemistry labs. 
best Who but von Trier could make such a film? Who else would dare? 
fair Chapter 10, in which we realize we just sat watching a movie for 3 hours that's a little pretentious but didn't really mind - that says something. 
best It stalks silently, stark with its minimalism at first, and then pounces unexpectedly with an overwhelming wash of emotion like a rabid animal, with sharp piercing teeth. 
best Shocks, galvanizes, and exhilarates. 
bad A satanic "Our Town." 
fair This brilliantly acted film is a highly stylized, surprisingly successful experiment that sits somewhere between theater and cinema. 
very_good A stunning display of a filmmaker adventuring on the far side of what's possible. 
good Brilliant and infuriating, wise and naive, outrageous yet unforgettable. 
terrible The story's length, lack of sets, music, or a focused story combine to make one of the most excruciatingly dull cinematic experiences I can remember. 
best What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind. 
best A simple tale, told so well while being so revealing. There are many reasons why it shouldn't work, but because it does, it feels magical. 
good Darkly funny, intellectually challenging and obliquely didactic. 
best Challenging, dramatic, provocative. 
very_good Von Trier, light years from the formula doggerel at the multiplex, delivers something rare these days: a film of ideas. 
bad While you watch the movie, it can seem ridiculously long-winded. But once it's over, its characters' miserable faces remain etched in your memory, and its cynical message lingers. 
best An audaciously original feat of allegorical story.telling, one of those visionary achievements that stirs moviegoers into a fury and goes on to define a decade. 
best Movie pop art is enjoying a renaissance, of which Lars von Trier's savagely cathartic Dogville is the consummate centerpiece 
bad Lars von Trier's peculiar compulsion to humiliate his heroines has finally crescendoed to a deafening din of indiscriminate, exasperating martyrdom. 
terrible Running a painfully long three hours, Dogville is pretentious with a capital 'P.' 
very_bad ...engages us on [a] gut level, and asks us to shut off our minds in the meanwhile. 
best It really is a masterpiece-von Trier's first, as it happens. 
terrible Don't waste your money on this one. 
best As deeply insightful as it is deeply disturbing, Dogville will challenge you both intellectually and emotionally. The first great film of '04. 
good Daunting, non-naturalistic and bold. 
very_good Utterly engrossing. 
good with von Trier holding the leash this moral fable of bordertown corruption and biblical vengeance manages to grip the viewer with its ferocious bite. 
best Maddening, challenging and audacious, Dogville is an unlikely masterpiece. 
good For all the ideas being examined, it works as a compelling drama too, and the acting is excellent. 
best Nao deixe de assistir a esta obra-prima. Nao e sempre que o Cinema produz algo assim. 
best Uncompromising filmmaking that's both artistic and powerfully entertaining. 
best Without a doubt one of the most brilliant films I have had the chance to experience. 
best A brilliant tale of intellectual awakening. 
best Make of the provocation what you will, but don't miss this completely unique and extraordinary movie by one of the world's most adventurous directors on top of his game. 
very_good An innovatively staged parable about a fear-based American community in the 1930s who demonstrate greed, hatred and small-mindedness in their treatment of a stranger. 
bad Going from a story as fanciful as Dancer in the Dark to the stripped setting of Dogville is certainly bold, it's too bad the reward is so anti-climactic 
fair Savage and compelling, even if von Trier's political ends (this being the first in a proposed trilogy about America) are too murky and caustic for the film to seem fully realized. 
bad ...[an] overlong running time (three hours!) and inexplicably odd behavior among characters does the film in. 
good Dogville is not a cry of rage against America -- it's a cry of rage against all mankind. It demands to be seen but not to be loved. 
best This acerbic "illustration" of a small town's curious notions of entitlement unspools as a Christian allegory by way of Mark Twain or Dr. Seuss. 
very_good It's precisely [this] arrogance that makes von Trier such a dynamic force in modern filmmaking. 
good This is an unusual movie, especially when you look back and realize how usual it seemed going in. 
bad Helen Hunt tries to soften her image with this vanity project, but the whole affair is a little too on-the-nose to offer big laughs or surprises 
good Mom gets her groove back in charming, not-too-edgy drama. 
bad While the subject matter in Ride is a bit rote, the performances and zing-a-minute dialogue keep this low budget picture above water. 
good Hunt has a long history in comedy, but Ride reveals that she can direct it as well as perform it. 
fair Occasionally engaging, Ride suffers from being desperate to please, overwrought and overwritten with sitcom-style shenanigans backed up by a goofily chirpy score. 
very_bad Here's the thing about playing someone who's tiresome and unpleasant: You run the risk of creating a movie that's tiresome and unpleasant. 
bad There are good things in it, but Ms. Hunt is smart, observant and bright enough to make films that resonate with more freshness than this. Maybe next time. 
very_bad It's hard to miss the irony of Jackie counseling her son over how story endings should feel "surprising but inevitable" in a movie that's all inevitability and no surprise. 
good "Ride'' sounds a bit like a Lifetime movie, but in Hunt's capable hands it's a brisk, funny and touching comedy for boomers. 
good Anyone sniffing that "Ride" looks like wish fulfillment for women of a certain age would do well to consider how many wretched films we sit through in the name of wish fulfillment for young men; a little equality in entertainment goes a long way. 
terrible Throughout, Helen Hunt obsequiously tends to her character's evolution as a parent through a flagrant indulgence of sitcom-ish scenarios. 
terrible Here's a 'Christian movie' that's an embarrassment to a genre that doesn't exactly have a reputation for producing great art. 
bad The first half of The Visitation moves slowly and surely, building an appropriate level of edgy suspense before disintegrating into standard horror-flick cliches. 
bad You could rent it for the religion, the kooky cast, or for the B-movie fun of it. 
bad This ensemble film brings in enough elements from comedy to drama that it becomes a moving, enjoyable treat highlighted by surprising performances. 
very_bad Despite the blazing guns, this script is not so tough. 
good A gritty, inner-city saga of Shakespearean proportions shot on location in West Philadelphia. Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art though Romeo? I be hanging with my homeys, mama! 
best Reopens our eyes to the cruelties and soul assassinations that were carried out daily in the name of state socialism. 
very_good The scope is especially impressive given that the movie is about a society obsessively focused on the tiniest of details. 
best Activism proves tough on people who've thrived at their political patrons' blessings, and one character cruelly chooses a path of least resistance when the chips are down. A cataclysmic conclusion depicts political clamps on expression and emotion. 
very_good A truly unforgettable movie. 
very_good Not since Francis Ford Coppola's masterful The Conversation has there been a thriller quite like this. 
best The Lives of Others is a powerful but quiet film, constructed of hidden thoughts and secret desires. 
good Actually one of the most optimistic stories I've watched in a long while. 
best a mesmerizing, heartbreaking thriller 
good Una notable mirada a la vida bajo un regimen opresivo, en este caso la RDA de 1984. Sorprendente debut del director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, con excelente elenco y calidad narrativa. 
good Few films have dared paint East Germany and its legions of demons in such honest and unsparing detail. Von Donnersmarck puts a pickaxe into the past. 
good Reels us in and keeps us engaged. 
good This fierce and gloomy drama, written and directed by first-timer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, was a notable winner of this year's best foreign film Oscar. 
best ... a moving, enlightening tale of recent times. 
best Engaging, gripping and emotionally devastating thriller with a razor-sharp script, taut direction and terrific performances from its three leads. This is one of the best films of the year. 
good ... you just cannot help but watch... 
best ... when a filmmaker confronts you and makes you truly understand the lives of his characters, that insight takes your breath away. 
best ... von Donnersmarck creates a milieu so realistic that the attention-worthy setting becomes just a backdrop, while an intricate tale, as suspenseful as it is humanistic, takes over. 
best ...resolved through a couple of endings, one brutal and tragic enough for the old Greeks, the other graceful and uplifting ... 
good Good drama it is, and it's drama that raises a lot of questions, but I found it less tense than many. 
best Subtle and delightful - please see review. 
best Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's film is a melodrama in a minor key, quietly affecting, quietly chilling, quietly quiet. It captures the drab architecture of totalitarianism, the soul-dead buildings of a soul-dead state. 
very_good Will remind some of 'The Conversation,' but a closer if less obvious link is 'Fahrenheit 451': Wiesler is essentially Bradbury's conflicted 'fireman,' Montag, transported from a dystopian science-fiction future to a dystopian historical past. 
very_good Pan's Labyrinth deserved to win the Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar, of course, but the Academy's selection of The Lives of Others hardly qualifies as an outrage. 
good Like all great screen performances, Muhe's magic comes out most in its tiniest moments: a raised eyebrow here, a slight upturn of the lips there. It's a triumph of muted grandeur; it's like watching someone being born. 
best Offers potent, eye-opening drama, as well as poignant characters that are caught up in a repressive, evil system. It's a movie not to be missed. 
best von Donnersmarck makes a breathtaking debut with a gripping and fluid drama that works as political thriller, psychological study and even ... a touching love story. 
good Builds tension and develops its characters slowly, and it is surprisingly engrossing. 
very_good Makes you fall for its characters, then turns your stomach as they confront principles and try to maintain moral clarity, confronting Berlin Walls of their own psyches. 
fair Though likely cathartic for his countrymen, Donnersmarck's airing of German dirty laundry could have used more agitation. 
very_good A cautionary metaphor about the cost of maintaining one's humanity and the transformative powers of art and imagination. 
very_good Its suspense builds on the fragile and nuanced business of emotional rebirth. 
good Few would deny that The Lives of Others is true to its self, and in its depiction of human nature -- and human spirit. 
very_good Watch it, and you may get the feeling it's also watching you. 
good ...let's hear it for the Academy: They got this one right. 
good Von Donnersmarck's story is not without a blatant non-Communist calling card, or even a moment or two of melodrama. But he zeroes in on the value of the individual in an era where such a value was not supposed to exist. 
best The most unforgettable, electrifying German film in more than a decade. 
best Of the many things that happen in this surprising, sad and astonishing movie, none is more staggering than Wiesler's evolution from lowly bureaucratic beetle to humanist. 
very_good It is Ulrich Muhe's portrayal of Wiesler that makes the film such an impressively humane political thriller. The muted shifts in Wiesler's character suggest that when you truly engage the lives of others, you open yourself to profound change. 
good Just from an entertainment standpoint, wondering what decisions the characters will make, and what the consequences might be, makes for edge-of-your-seat tension despite the movie's quietly thoughtful tone. 
best An intricately plotted thriller about good people who do bad things and bad people who do good, Lives thrives on the power of historical truth, the excitement of an intelligently imagined yarn and the unpredictability of human behavior. 
best The movie becomes more than just a spy thriller; it's a story of an unlikely friendship that turns an enemy into a best friend. 
very_good Helmer/screenwriter Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, making his feature film debut, hits all the right notes here. 
best What you're likely to take away from his Oscar-nominated drama in the foreign-language category is a sense of hope that feels neither forced nor sentimental. 
best Far and away the richest and most brilliantly acted picture to be released this Oscar season. 
best This is an elegant film that deserves to be a classic -- and an Oscar winner. 
very_good A movie of slowly accumulating tension and power, Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's drama -- a foreign language Oscar nominee, with a good shot at winning -- is also a romance between two men, but not the way you think. 
best Somber and watchful, like the people whose story it tells, The Lives of Others brilliantly abrades our perception of the 1980s as a time when the only history worth remembering was being made by Wham! and Duran Duran. 
best The exceptionally acted film, nominated for a foreign-language Oscar, is an incisive character study, a suspenseful paranoid thriller and a vivid recreation of recent history. 
very_good The Lives of Others works beautifully, both as a social and psychological drama and as a taut, tightly wired thriller. 
best A scathing indictment of East Germany's corrupt administration tempered by the very human emotion of the people it touched. 
good Scary and realistic ... a much deserved Oscar nominee. 
best If this doesn't get the Foreign film Oscar, there's no justice in this World. 
bad Catnip to audiences who never heard of The Lost Honor of Katharina Blum. 
best A disturbingly accurate depiction of a national nightmare that ultimately transcends its immediate political statement to stand as a future classic of the political-thriller genre. 
fair Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's movie about the stirring of a cold, Communist soul manages to be both painstakingly docudramatic and moistly idealistic at the same time. 
very_good Bleak yet never completely despairing, this superbly acted and richly atmospheric film has a gravitas and thematic complexity that's sadly absent from most contemporary American films. 
best Despite its melancholy drama, cynical details and depressing backgrounds, The Lives of Others is both an unflinching look back at that nation's past, and a hopeful glance forward to its future. 
very_good The skillfully acted and directed The Lives of Others is a timely warning about governments that seek to repress dissent. 
very_good A riveting drama about playwright Georg Dreyman (Sebastian Koch), his actress girlfriend Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck) and the Stasi agent who has wired their apartment and is spying on them in East Berlin. 
good It is an emotionally powerful movie that doesn't leave you when you walk out the theatre doors. 
very_good Donnersmarck delivers something extraordinary: a thriller that's entirely adult in both its concerns and perspective which manages to be thoroughly gripping. 
good Human nature trumps all in [this] thoughtful, engrossing tale of intrigue and instinct in 1980s East Germany. 
good If the story of a stodgy but conflicted Stasi captain gives sympathy to a historical devil, it also allows for an intriguing angle on the evergreen cinematic theme of voyeurism. 
best The Lives of Others is a supremely intelligent, unfailingly honest look at a shadowy period in recent German history. 
bad A refreshing alternative to the whimsical and nostalgic look back on Communist life in Good Bye Lenin! 
best The first great movie of 2007 and one of the best political dramas to come along in recent memory. Does that sound a tad hyperbolic? I don't care--I'll say whatever it takes to get you into the theater. 
bad ...ultimately undone by the glacial pace with which the filmmaker has infused the proceedings. 
best Avoids predictability and cheap shots in favor of a bracing drama that surprises and occasionally shatters. The Lives of Others reminds us of what filmmaking can be at its finest. 
fair Rich in authentic period atmosphere and performances, but sabotages its best efforts with a sentimental payoff. 
best A riveting German film about spying and the fear, distrust, and betrayal that come with it. 
good Brings the large and small betrayals of the doomed republic to paranoia-inducing life. 
good A neatly crafted thriller with first rate acting, directing and writing combined with spy paraphernalia and political intrigue. Fully deserving of its status as Germany's Best Foreign Film Oscar nominee. 
very_good This fascinating look into the effects of the Stasi on the East German arts community sets Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck apart as another German filmmaker to watch. 
very_good Whether or not this is the best foreign language film of 2006 is debatable, but there should be no argument that it is deserving to be numbered among the elite non-English language productions receiving international distribution. 
very_good A gripping tale of nightmarish voyeurism and the psychological abyss that elevates von Donnersmarck's European nail-biter. [A] sleek and intrusive communist caper. 
good Un film sur le courage et la determination en temps de crise comme on aimerait en voir plus souvent. 
good Not only expertly captures a specific point in history, but also offers a bracing examination of human nature. 
good The Lives of Others conjures up a truly memorable, patient and very moving payoff. 
very_good Von Donnersmarck has crafted the best kind of movie: one you can't get out of your head. 
best In short, it's perfect. 
best Atraves dos personagens ambiguos, de um roteiro muito bem construido (e politicamente relevante) e da direcao sobria e segura do cineasta estreante, o filme comove, incomoda e faz pensar. 
bad It's so beautifully made, that people tend to oversee it's weak character transformation that's at the heart of the script, which strikes the drama's credibility. 
best A startling political thriller and the year's most urgent and important film, you owe it to yourself to see this beautifully written and directed movie. 
very_good It's one of the great moviegoing experiences of the year. 
good It has a heart you believe in and a working brain to match. 
very_good A potent narrative about the transformative effect of involvement in other people's stories, Lives turns its own story into a python-tight embrace of nuanced tension and emotional connection. 
best A fascinating look into the political and psychological underpinnings of communist control in the former German Democratic Republic. 
good Perfect plotting, sterling story structure and ideal casting by writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck. Where has this guy been? 
very_good Subtle script, superb cast, sensitive direction -- no wonder this film swept the German equivalent of the Oscars. 
fair Miracles surpass all human power to understand them; that's why we call them miracles. 
fair Not without its qualities, the movie ultimately does a disservice to the very people it purports to represent. 
very_bad A film dealing with the Holocaust really should be a little less clumsily executed, manipulative and contrived than this. 
fair Built upon a powerful but gimmicky end, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas would make a fine short. As a full-length feature, though, the pajamas wear thin quickly. 
best The result isn't a deep film, but rather a profound one. 
fair We are left in no doubt about the brutality of what's going on there but it's almost entirely off-screen. Still, the film is terribly confronting. 
fair This writer can't remember witnessing a harder-hitting kids' movie denouement than the one that closes this microcosm of middle-class German family life in WWII. 
good For me, the pluses far outweighed any misgivings I had with this ultimately very moving film. 
very_good The performances never falter, and even James Horner's heavy-handed score can't dim the film's unfathomable, unshakable ending. 
fair The novel was written for young adults and the film feels like it pulls its punches. The final horrifying revelation is still a long way from the painful realities of those days. 
good When the time comes for resolution, writer/ director Mark Herman suddenly delivers the unexpected; he does not sell out. 
terrible Why do the all the Nazis here have British accents? How confusing is that? An unintentionally-comical cross of Hogan's Heroes and Springtime for Hitler! 
good Constroi um desfecho mergulhado em dor e terror, lembrando-nos de que, no final das contas, sao nossos filhos quem pagam - e caro %u2013 pelos erros de julgamento que cometemos. 
bad Herman has the unenviable task of presenting a challenging and delicate topic like the Holocaust honestly, while at the same time delivering his tale in a kid-friendly way. 
fair A movie so horrific it haunts your dreams but so fascinating you can't turn your eyes away from it. 
good The Boy In The Striped Pajamas reminds us that when youthful minds are still being shaped, they can be poisoned by the evil of the adults they admire. 
very_bad Making a parable out of the Holocaust is a dicey proposition, and here the emotional tugs are so forced that it exploits and trivializes the historical tragedy it claims to be trying to illuminate. 
good Even in its lighter moments, the picture never downplays the horror of the situation, and the devastating ending is potent enough to affect even those viewers who write it off as nothing more than a sensationalist stunt. 
fair Poignant and devastatingly sad - but over-the-top manipulative. 
best [What] might easily have been turned into a terrible and tasteless Boy's Adventure in the Holocaust movie... is, instead, a film that you won't soon forget. 
terrible The Boy in the Striped Pajamas fails to illuminate history. Instead, it raises questions about the project itself. As in, who thought this was a good idea? 
good The resulting film nicely captures the banality of evil -- at least until overplaying its hand. 
bad Those problems won't concern anyone caught up, perhaps for the first time, in a story that has the potential to rend any hearts that remain open to it. 
bad I found the movie impossibly basic and sanitized as a 'never again' parable of the Final Solution -- and simply wrongheaded as a story about children. 
bad The tropes of the heartwarming indie kids movie get thrown together with the tropes of the low-voltage, war-at-home war drama, and the result is muddled but undeniably affecting 
fair Perhaps the movie might be most profitably viewed as almost a genre tale: A suspense thriller with a moral to its twist ending, like that old Nazi 'Twilight Zone' episode, but without the supernatural element. 
bad A beautifully photographed film that hammers home its point (people are essentially good, Nazis are evil) repeatedly and simplistically. 
very_good ... a serious and well-made film that does the only moral thing a movie can do when it attempts to confront great evil - it nips off a human-size chunk and doesn't flinch when the horror turns and bares its bloody, brazen maw. 
bad Either you will appreciate The Boy in the Striped Pajamas particular tact, or you will cringe on what it decides to exploit. Like the subject it secures as part of its plotting, there is no middle ground. 
fair Writer-director Mark Herman, working from the novel by John Boyne, has created a smart-looking film, but one in which the only thing we learn about the Holocaust is that children were its victims, too. 
good This is an assured work, and [director Herman] gets fine performances from his cast. 
best The tale takes on the resonance of a Greek myth, and even though the story is fiction it finds devastating truths. 
very_good This story is already a tear-jerker, but the superb acting makes it even more heartfelt 
bad Unfortunately, the film's compelling ideas get buried in sloppy filmmaking. 
very_good Young Scanlon and Butterfield are scathingly effective, never overplaying their roles. 
fair Tries so hard to achieve ironic detachment from its subject matter that it's unlikely to connect with anyone moved by Life Is Beautiful. 
good This is a heartbreaking, disturbing look at the Holocaust through the innocent eyes of a young boy. 
good Because its gaze is so level and so unyielding, it stands as one of the better dramatic films made on this subject (although it's not nearly as fine as Louis Malle's Au Revoir les Enfants, in which the camps remain a distant abstraction). 
good Although it's told from the perspective of a child, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is as shattering as any film about the Holocaust could be, perhaps more so. 
terrible Contemptible awards-bait... The Holocaust deserves far more than this prim Masterpiece Theater treatment. 
bad Didn't these people see photos in the papers so that they could tell the difference between nighttime garb and the uniform of death? 
bad the Hollywood melodrama is grating enough that it may be worth skipping altogether. 
good Holocaust drama sensitive, but never sentimental. 
good Not quite on par with Life is Beautiful or Schindler's List but it's still a powerful film, and a more than worthy addition to the genre due to its unique perspective. 
good An unforgettable motion picture experience. Powerful and moving beyond words. 
fair That these boys could not fathom what was actually going on in the camps also rings true and is the reason why stories like this one must endure. 
bad This very unsubtle movie's heart is in the right place; its art, unfortunately, isn't. 
good Farmiga's emotional clarity and intensity have an almost cleansing quality -- so pristine, plain and right. This role takes her abilities and her career to a new level. 
bad When it comes to the Holocaust, contrivance is neither welcome nor necessary. 
very_good Director Herman rarely pulls us out of Bruno's naive view of the world, which adds a layer of unsettling ominousness. 
good Translating this dark fable to the screen, Herman for the most part maintains the book's oversimplification of historical events, but he nonetheless crafts an affecting drama that refuses to soft-pedal its harrowing conclusion. 
good It's the opposite of a good time out at the theatre, but it is a well-made film that is difficult to forget. 
fair It tosses over all that finely drawn narrative caution and goes straight for the sensational, swinging its attention on Bruno's distraught mother and the breakdown of a single German family. 
good The child in the striped pajamas is yours and mine and every child at any time. 
very_bad What strikes me as entirely bogus is the notion, expressed in the movie's taglines, that this narrative can be interpreted as hopeful or positive. 
fair The Boy in the Striped Pajamas may contain the most horrific and unsettling ending in film history but that is what makes the movie so darn good. 
terrible See the Holocaust trivialized, glossed over, kitsched up, commercially exploited and hijacked for a tragedy about a Nazi family. Better yet and in all sincerity: don't. 
bad Sophisticated and involving, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas offers a fuller picture of the period [than the book] and a stunner of a conclusion. 
fair I only wish they would have played more games back and forth through and over the fence, because every time they did, it got a little misty in the room. 
very_bad The faux-naive point of view probably worked better in the novel; the literalness of film renders certain of the story's conceits ... overly precious. 
fair It prompts us to admit, however sadly, that childlike innocence is not sufficient in a world like ours%u2014that we need to be wise as serpents even as we remain innocent as doves. 
bad The Boy in the Striped Pajamas could have been brilliant, and instead leaves one feeling unclean, angry, and distastefully toyed with. 
good The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has a storybook innocence about it, by design. 
very_good [Director Mark Herman] draws excellent performances from his two young actors, who embody an almost magical sense of childhood that deepens, rather than conflicts with, the stark historical realities in which they are living. 
bad Writer-director Mark Herman's adaptation of John Boyne's young-adult novel might register to some viewers as offensively tasteful. 
terrible The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas may seek to provoke uneasy questions about humanity, but it goes about it in a way that places the film's own moral accountability on very shaky ground. 
fair a devastating experience for both the characters and the audience. 
very_good This beautifully rendered family film is told in a classic and old-fashioned style, in the best sense, providing poignant and powerful teachable moments. 
bad Use[s] children stumbling into shamelessly manipulative tragedies to make its thuddingly obvious points. 
good The premise doesn't excuse lapses in logic, but the power of the story and the performances is indisputable. 
very_good The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is not only about Germany during the war, although the story it tells is heartbreaking in more than one way. It is about a value system that survives like a virus. 
fair The Boy in the Striped Pajamas should be heartbreaking, but it isn't. The muted quality of its impact is the result of narrative shortcuts and a desire to keep the images from being too startling. 
bad At once too historically removed from its subject and too hysterically committed. 
very_bad A parabolic film about the Holocaust that doesn't engage or edify. 
bad The film's 12A certificate is prohibitive for younger children - though with parental guidance kids as young as 10 might well get something from it - and yet the manner... is simply too simplistic for an older audience. 
good This intriguing wartime tale has an otherworldly quality that draws us into a gentle and increasingly haunting story 
good In short, The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is an impressively directed and acted drama that packs a powerful emotional punch. Recommended. 
very_bad Only in the last 10 minutes does it get to grips with the full horror of the Holocaust, and that saves it from a Disneyish propensity not to shock us too much or impose a feelgood ending. 
bad Writer-director Mark Herman has done a creditable job of negotiating its volatile compound of fable and realism. 
good As a Butterfield's lack of emotional range restricts his portrayal of Bruno but any shortcomings are forgotten when the heart-in-mouth ending left The Sneak rooted to his seat in stunned silence. 
bad Ignore the plummy accents - which isn't easy - and what we have is a touching tale of a forbidden friendship with a really nice performance from the young Butterfield. 
bad Despite the 12A certificate, I would regard this as most suitable for intelligent children aged ten to 12, who will be more prepared than adults to ignore its major implausibility - that security at concentration camps was ever this inefficient. 
good There are plausibility issues - no German accents; no guards noticing the kids' frequent chats - but Herman builds a tightening sense of dread that finds no release in the final, tragic twist. Expect a sleepless night. 
good It's a noble, sincere undertaking that will see many leave the cinema with fresh insights. You can't really ask for much more than that. 
good The acting is heartfelt, but the film carries a heaped cargo of conceits that has it wavering between the stark and the sentimental, the nuanced and the schematic. 
good Despite moments of improbable whimsy, this is a hugely affecting film. Important, too. It engages with the complexity of the Holocaust in a language that can move children as profoundly as adults. 
bad A brave and haunting family film that will lift the brutality of the Holocaust out of the history books. 
fair Ultimately, though, it's the kids' movie; both Butterfield and Scanlon deliver strong, poignant performances. Just prepare to leave the screening feeling somewhat depressed. 
good A powerfully affecting and unusual view of the Holocaust. 
bad The harrowing final reel of the film earns its 12A rating 
bad The movie is visually impressive, but Ishii's virtuoso style can't overcome the flatness of the comic-book story he's telling. 
bad The funky title of this Japanese yakuza bloodletting is, alas, better than the film itself. 
fair Both exceptionally satisfying and enormously entertaining. 
terrible Makes killing look like high-spirited fun and turns violent death into an occasion for giggles and snickers. 
bad Snowman takes a wife in predictable sequel. 
best Mortensen is meticulous and mesmerising, as a man who simply keeps going when all logic seems to be deserting his experience. 
good Entrancing, inventively shot and played with a wonderful sense of bizarro metaphysics 
fair If you applauded the genre-tweaking twists of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry" and Kelly Reichardt's "Meek's Cutoff," you may have a good time (or at least an interesting one) at acclaimed Argentine director Lisandro Alonso's latest puzzler, "Jauja." 
bad In abstract Western in which the harsh but claustrophobic beauty of the landscape is intensified by the confines of Academy ratio framing ... 
good All in all, a quietly magical piece of cinema, a mind-bender of the subtlest kind. 
good Mortensen has just the right class of vacant charisma for such a gouged-out protagonist and Timo Salminen's photography bathes every image in surprising lights. 
bad It is undoubtedly beautiful, brooding and enigmatic, with Mortensen's grizzled presence holding the attention, but quite what it all means leaves you scratching your head in puzzlement. 
bad When Inge elopes with a soldier, Dinesen searches across the unforgiving but beautifully shot landscape, in a sort of western that turns into a surreal exploration of his existential angst, then segues to his descendants in the present day. 
good A quest saga whose metaphysical digressions and dream interludes will fascinate and frustrate in equal measure. 
bad Intriguing, if opaque. 
best Miraculous. Blithely does its own thing, but with staggering assurance and artistry. 
good 'Jauja' is a film to make you wonder. 
bad Though admiring the filmmaker's innovation and inclination for minimalism, the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film's detriment. 
good Challengingly spellbinding. 
good Jauja may not be for everyone, but those who give it a chance will find a complex, beautiful film. 
very_good Mysteriously opaque and thrillingly spooky, Lisandro Alonso's Jauja evokes what many films aspire to yet rarely achieve: a genuine lucid state of cinema-as-dream. 
very_good In his latest feature, the breathtaking Jauja, Argentinian director Lisandro Alonso demonstrates that he is the rare filmmaker who trusts his audience enough to winnow his films down to the bone. 
very_good The performances mesh beautifully with the filmmaking, which is more keenly attuned to fluctuations in the natural world that all but a handful of modern motion pictures. 
good Where 'Jauja' winds up is bizarre, even for an Argentine art-Western, but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength, a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual, hypnotic pace but also its playful tone. 
fair At its most powerful, Jauja suggests the surreal Western violence of Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian in the way Alonso gradually folds the action into a waking nightmare. 
fair It's a movie designed for maximum intellectual appeal, even if the emotional impact is slight. 
very_bad There's a line between artfully contemplative and just plain boring. This film eventually crosses it into Snoozeville. 
good A ponderously paced but artistically sure journey; it's a film that finds strength in the universality of its ideas and its spiritual dimension, one that's enlivened by instantly iconic imagery and a keen sense of the strange. 
very_good Revisionist westerns are usually dour affairs, foregrounding guilt over the imperial legacy of runaway expansionism, but Jauja is refreshingly absurdist, consistently including shots for seemingly no reason other than to be dry punchlines. 
very_bad Strange, disjointed; full of sex and violence. 
very_good It's pensive male anxiety, and for some cultural reason it's easier for audiences to accept female hysteria than the insecurities of men. 
good Mesmerizing yet cold and remote -- an exotic fish we can't touch. 
good Ambicioso do ponto de vista narrativo e fotografado de forma sombriamente evocativa, o filme merece creditos por acreditar na inteligencia do espectador, mas acaba parecendo um exercicio para o superior Cidade dos Sonhos. 
very_good Director David Lynch, the master of creepiness, is back with a femme fatale film that's sinister, disquieting and deliberately obscure. 
terrible Too weird, even for David Lynch 
best The Man With No Eyebrows will go down in my books as the single greatest fictitious creation of all time. 
bad Best on the big screen for the full effect. Consume alcohol afterwards. 
fair Visually arresting, the movie does keep you going until the finale confirms suspicions that Lynch has painted himself into a corner. 
bad Lynch's bizarre, dream-like approach is as fascinating as ever... and every bit as frustrating as well. 
best Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen. 
fair The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining. 
bad It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't. 
good It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining. 
very_bad It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals. 
fair By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess. 
terrible There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one. 
bad A kind of strange, existentialist comedy. 
good It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris. 
good Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit. 
bad Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris. 
very_bad None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be. 
bad In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror. 
very_good Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical. 
fair Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible. 
good Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold. 
bad Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in. 
fair It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike. 
terrible A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.' 
fair Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire. 
fair Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences. 
best I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number... 
very_bad It's one of those movies that looks like it was a gas to make. To watch, though? Not so much. 
fair Shannon seems like quite an unorthodox choice for such a subdued, minimalistic character, but White actually wrote the part for her and she does him proud. 
bad Director Mike White is really good at creating an uneasy feeling in a normal setting. But the question remains, do you want him to? 
good SNL alum shines as grieving, lonely animal lover. 
very_bad poly syntoma hanei to stoho toy kai to neronei me synaisthimatikizoyses katastaseis kai pepatimenes koinonikes eyaisthisies, arhizontas toys kykloys gyro ap' ta idia kai ta idia, alla toylahiston ehei merika haritomena kadrarismata kai tin Molly Shannon m 
good What may catch audiences unawares is how unexpectedly life-affirming this little film about pet death is. 
bad The trailer suggests a cheery comedy but brace yourself for some darkness in this shaggy dog story. 
good This is a lovely little film about discovering your inner self, the passion that drives you, and then coming out with it. 
bad Year of the Dog isn't quite the comedy it's been marketed as, but there's still a lot to chew on here, notably Molly Shannon's performance as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown. 
very_bad Loses its way, as if uncertain how to point out its moral and make us laugh at the same time. 
very_bad Oddball comedy about a lonely, dog-loving secretary, Peggy (played, with unsettling intensity, by Molly Shannon). 
very_bad A bit of a dog's brunch. 
good As you would expect from a writer like Mike White, Year Of The Dog is a smartly scripted, darkly funny work. But from Molly Shannon's performance to White's own ability as a director of actors, there are plenty of pleasant surprises here. 
best John Cusack gives the performance of his life in this top-class horror. 
very_bad White also appears to have lost his grip, taking wild stabs at comedy and tragedy and ending up with something that's fractured and fluffy, and definitely not as cute as it thinks it is. 
good The writer-director's real talent is in showing that we're all freaks and geeks in one way or another. It's just that some of us are better at hiding it than others... 
bad Though the film falters in terms of its lack of a streamlined narrative, there is no denying that it is packed to the rafters with meaty ideas and characters who are charged with a satisfying moral ambivalence. 
fair A risible piece of work with laughs that are likely to remain silent and inside, but they reach you. 
good With this film Mike White once again proves that he's got an eye for darkness and an ear for character that truly puts what passes for comedy in most films these days to shame. 
good frequently funny and sometimes touching, even though, like (Mike White's) earlier 'The Good Girl' and 'Chuck and Buck,' the comedy leaves a slightly sour aftertaste. 
very_bad This is one of the most confounding films I've ever seen. 
bad The characters in Year of the Dog are far more interesting than the events they take part in. And the setup is better than the payoff. 
bad White, who shows promise as a director willing to steer us in unexpected directions, holds the comic moments on a pretty tight leash. 
fair A semi-satirical, sentimental comedy - for dog lovers, it could be a best-in-show. 
very_good If you really listen to Mike White's quirky but ultimately realistic view on life as its dealt out, you'll really enjoy this stellar effort from the burgeoning filmmaking talent. 
good Mike White has had the courage to redirect his abundant quirkiness away from benign nerdiness and toward a quiet subversiveness. 
bad Writer-director Mike White goes for a more restrained approach with some laughs, but also an offbeat character study. 
fair The best part of the film is Shannon, who shows surprising range here. 
fair Shannon is fearless in depicting Peggy's emotional breakdown, but White can't seem to decide whether he's laughing at her or with her. 
good Finally, in "Year of the Dog" Shannon has found a project that amply plunges her persona for laughs and sighs. 
very_bad If you took everything I dislike about indie filmmaking, packed it all into one tube, and gave it a good squeeze, something like Year of the Dog would shoot out. 
very_good (Shannon) shelves her wacky, semi-intoxicated persona to bare her soul for the benefit of a vulnerable and tender comedy. 
terrible Clearly out of the ordinary. Then again, elephantiasis of the testicles is also out of the ordinary, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone, either. 
good writer/director Mike White must know someone like this because he nails the characteristics of animal champions perfectly 
good Peggy's journey of alienation from her friends and co-workers reminds me of Julianne Moore's in Todd Haynes' masterpiece, 'Safe'; 'Dog' is a less mysterious film, but it similarly demands active rather than passive viewership. 
bad Sometimes you pan a deadpan comedy because it's effectively dead. 
good Dark, quirky and unusually thoughtful. 
fair White's humanist account of a woman more comfortable with animals than people is another intricately crosshatched sketch in his gallery of outsiders. 
good White's flat visual style and haiku-droll sensibility are like a form of cubicle art that manages to express more about the occupant than a thousand words ever could. 
very_bad There are those who believe empathy is the quality that separates man from beast, but what does it say that White directs his compassion exclusively toward animals? 
good Is Year of the Dog a comedy? A tragedy? A celebration? A cautionary tale? Actually, it's all of the above. 
very_good Much is said in little moments: The entire cast offers jots of humor and insight, from Reilly and Sarsgaard to Laura Dern as a spiny sister-in-law and Regina King as Layla, a vehemently supportive friend. 
good Year of the Dog has been perfectly cast, and Shannon is a small revelation; shorn of the antic energy she has invested in her sketch characters and, given an actual character to play, she accomplishes something welcome and unexpected. 
fair Is it possible for a movie to anthromorphize humans? 
good Mike White knows awkward. 
very_bad You could see the film as the making of Crazy Dog Lady or as the story of a bereaved woman finding her true passion in life. Personally, I lean toward the former. 
very_good True harmless joy is so rare in this world that we dare not begrudge it to anyone, wherever it happens to lie. 
good The mood [White] creates, the subject matter he tackles, shows a rainbow coalition of dysfunction. And that makes Year of the Dog good, if strangely uncomfortable, viewing. 
bad It's a movie in mourning, a dark comedy where we never quite see the light at the end of the tunnel. 
bad The bittersweet Dog is a film that whimpers rather than barks. 
very_bad By the time Year of the Dog decides it has something to say, you'll already be bored by the 45 minutes of ineffectual torpor that precedes it. 
fair Sure, the film seems formulaic, plays out at times in a clunky fashion as one storyline stops abruptly and another picks up. But by the end, it will have you rooting for this sad woman, that she can find the happiness that eludes her. 
fair An intriguing (if decidedly uneven) debut effort. 
good A gentle, melancholy and silly movie about a loner whose only secure source of affection is her beagle. 
fair There's a lot of truth and beauty in Year of the Dog, and most of it radiates from the performance of Molly Shannon. 
good If you have a taste for off-center characters, you're barking up the right tree. 
good It's enjoyable in a dry but fervent way that most American comedies aren't. 
bad A charming film that is neither saccharin nor sanctimonious as it treads the well-worn romantic comedy genre, not so much dismantling it as rearranging it just enough to make it interesting -- and perhaps just a little scary. 
good A highly impressive work in which White and Shannon have joined forces to give us a darkly funny and strangely emotional meditation on grief and the extremes that people sometimes go to in order to deal with a sudden tragedy. 
fair [Writer-director White] is perceptive and gentle enough a director to allow Peggy to become a dog person of tragic proportions without laughing at her. He's a humorist with a humane core. 
good Year of the Dog succeeds in drawing you in, making you look at the world from her perspective. By the end of the movie, you will recognize what kind of a person she is -- and you'll understand how she came to be that way. 
fair In the end, [writer-director] White settles for some unearned and unpersuasive optimism, which, in Hollywood scriptwriting, serves as shorthand for poignancy. 
very_bad Shannon's journey into darkness seems to have no real purpose other than turning into a depressing spectacle. 
very_good Year of the Dog is one of those quirky little movies that you marvel ever got made while being supremely grateful that it did. It's hard to even categorize. 
good [Writer-director Mike White] always had a knack for writing character-revealing moments; this time he demonstrates a talent for handling actors as well. 
good Neither extreme of the animal rights debate can take comfort from this take-no-prisoners comedy. Frequently disturbing but always compelling, Year of the Dog barks for attention from the right kind of audience. 
bad undercooked script and flat direction ... but, if you feel you need a lecture on animal activism and the importance of a vegan lifestyle, it does do it in a quasi-comedic fashion. 
good Thrives on bone-dry humor. 
very_good ...infuses one of society's standard wallflowers, the single dog-lady, with uncommon dignity. She's weird, but wonderfully so. 
good A sweet flick for anyone who sees dogs as furry people with bad breath and big hearts. 
bad Peggy is an admirable woman, get that, and not to pitied. Or is she? I wasn't and still am not sure 
very_bad "Year of the Dog" is ugly, boring and unfunny. The characters are badly drawn, poorly acted (and this with a killer cast, too). And the "it's hard to be a fanatic, but it's worth it" message is telegraphed in a particularly unappealing way 
fair Poignant but not sappy and darkly funny without being farcical. 
good A bittersweet dark comedy about a lonely middle-aged woman who finds that animals are the only beings she can truly rely on. 
very_good White has an outsider's sympathy for Peggy's loss and instinctively understands how the selfishness of people can drive a sensitive person to the company of animals. 
good The filmmaker carefully avoids over-sentimentalizing the emotionally charged story, mostly striking a nice balance of pathos and humor. 
bad There's nothing wrong with ambiguity, but Year of the Dog seems more like a film that had a point of view, in some early draft, and then lost it in rewrites. 
good A very low-key, well-acted dramedy. 
good While some may be put off by Peggy's wild-eyed mania, and the film's broadly comic tone, Shannon makes this lost spirit strikingly sympathetic. 
good In Shannon, [White] has an actress capable of making you empathize with Peggy and agonize over her smart and foolish choices. 
best Year of the Dog is funny ha-ha but firmly in touch with its downer side, which means it's also funny in a kind of existential way. 
good Molly Shannon tones down her live-wire antics to play her first "normal" person%u2026or, to be more accurate, White's version of a "normal" person. 
fair A sweet, heartfelt film, Year of the Dog is a nice alternative to some of the other fare out there, perfect for a fun date night flick or a girls' night out. 
very_bad A quiet, disappointing character study. The film is a little too smug and quirky for its own good. 
very_bad If you've ever wondered where organizations like PETA, Al Queda, and The 700 Club find members then here's the answer. 
very_bad has good intentions and a golden heart, but that doesn't take you that far 
very_good White is a clever writer, and many of his best lines will sneak up on you long after you leave the theater. There's a stealthy sweetness to the movie, a desire to understand those who go their own way, that would seem to be his ultimate aim. 
good [An] eccentric, affecting comedy. 
good A charming slice-of-life...Molly Shannon gives a multifaceted Oscar-caliber performance of insight and subtlety. 
best A touching comedy about a lonely young woman who follows her bliss and finds all she needs in the companionship of animals. 
fair Minor but moving, it's a story about, and for, outsiders...and PETA members as well. 
good It's a testament to writer/director Mike White's talents that Peggy's miseries are shown as humorously tragic, but also simply, plainly painful. 
fair The supporting cast of Mike White's directorial debut offer plenty of laughs, but it always comes down to Molly Shannon being the movie's weak link. 
very_bad The only thing that could make The Cutting Edge more absurd would be if the final competition revolved around a potentially deadly, possibly illegal move called the Pamchenko Twist. Wait, it does? Never mind. [Blu-ray] 
bad Guilty-pleasure '90s romance you can skate to. 
good Grafts one screen formula on top of another--but that doesn't mean the film isn't a blast to watch. 
best One of the tops on our Movie Chick guilty pleasure list 
good A rare film where the actors' charisma overcomes leaden direction. D.B. Sweeney and Moira Kelly are wonderful. 
good It occasionally suffers from longeurs, but it's moving and funny with moments of genius. More of the same, s'il vous plait. 
good Astonishing, outlandish, and full of laughs. 
best If there's any justice in the world, French animator Sylvain Chomet will be handed the Animated Feature Oscar in February for this fantastic little film. 
best There are high-powered opiates that don't pack the psychedelic kick of this cartoon. 
good La historia se cuenta en imagenes y sonidos, y ese es un primer gran merito a tener en cuenta en una epoca en que los personajes del cine suelen hablar demasiado. 
good Chomet made this movie to remind us how imaginative animation can be as an art form. 
terrible The big test was how few times I could look at my watch to determine how much more agony I had to endure. 
good 'El estilo y la atmosfera en que se desarrolla son de una calidad e inteligencia que pocas veces podemos apreciar de este lado del Atlantico.' 
fair A beautiful but dull affair. 
bad The Triplets of Belleville is an animated feature with two out-of-the-ordinary superheroes: a zealous old lady and a very fat dog. 
best Un beau, wildy amusement et un film original ! See this immediately- read on-> 
bad The Simpsons meet William Steig 
best Triplets could be described as Max Fleischer on acid. 
very_good Its strange vacillation between the hopeful and the arbitrarily cold is still a mystery to me... It's not a great film, but then again, it is. 
very_good Words cannot replicate the world that Chomet has designed here; description is pointless, as Belleville simply must be experienced firsthand. 
very_good Chomet's charming, visually cluttered realm...is so imaginative and vividly realized you could freeze any frame and spend an hour picking through its details. 
best an almost impossibly delectable mixture of uncanny weirdness and poignant sweetness 
best An extraordinary, melancholy ode to the endless, mercurial peculiarity of life. 
best One of his greatest achievements is allowing the audience to crawl inside Bruno's head. Not since "Babe" has a movie made me care so much for a four-legged character. 
good You may love it, you may hate it, but you've never seen anything like it. 
fair Let the movie wash over you, and, at the very least, it will cleanse your palate. 
very_good Viva le difference! 
best A fresh, very funny and wonderful artful enterprise. 
best Thanks to Chomet, 'beautifully strange' has a new home address, and it's in Belleville. 
good A stylish throwback, a pretty work of art in every frame. 
bad It's a must-see for animation fans, but others, including youngsters, may just as likely be bored or baffled. 
good If Walt Disney had gone on a binge of red wine, hallucinatory drugs and absurdist plays, The Triplets of Belleville could have sprouted from his animation empire. 
very_good The Triplets of Belleville proves there's still plenty of life in hand-drawn animation. 
fair An ephemerally entertaining comic adventure. 
best As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again. 
good Everything about the film, from the characters to the settings, is tres bizarre, yet it's all weirdly compelling. 
very_good If you have an open mind, and an appreciation of film animation, you will surely enjoy the film's clever gags, as well as the sensational blending of cel animation and computer-enhanced backgrounds and action. 
best A comfortably subversive and accomplished film that speaks to everyone, without talking down to anyone. 
best It is funny in spurts, frightening, moving, magical, exhilarating, horrific, smart and silly. It is all this and more. 
best Triplets of Belleville conjures up a world that's totally surprising and sublime. 
best A triumph of style and substance, dispensing equal parts unbridled glee and powerful melancholy. 
very_good A hugely entertaining alternative to Disney and Pixar 
very_good It would appear that the best 'toon flicks are presently being produced outside the USA. 
best Se precisei assistir a esta animacao 3 vezes somente para escrever sobre ela, nem imagino quantas vezes voltarei a ve-la apenas pelo prazer de visitar a criacao de Chomet. 
best A mad masterpiece. 
very_good An animated film that takes familiar Disney archetypes and twists them into vivid, imaginative shapes. 
very_good Triplets is very probably unlike anything you've seen before. 
best "Dazzlingly inventive and delightful and probably unlike any cartoon -- or movie -- you've ever seen..." 
good Right down to faux black-and-white film stock and scratchy gramophones, Triplets resurrects Flesicher's world of music, debauchery, inspired illogic and crude showbiz parody. 
good A sensational counterpoint to everything animation means as family entertainment in Hollywood. 
bad ...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through. 
very_good In an era when live-action movies often play like cartoons, this is an animated film that feels all grown up. 
good Watching The Triplets of Belleville is like getting lost in a storybook you never want to put down. 
fair Depending on your perspective, it's either visionary or weird. 
very_good As funny, original, and entertaining as the film is, a dark drama floats just beneath the surface that is heightened by its nostalgic, sometimes melancholic tone. 
very_good A charming, one-of-a-kind experience, a breathtakingly drawn and uproariously funny film by French animator Sylvain Chomet. It's one of the most delightful films of the year. 
bad This is a film that speaks a universal language of funny images and unexpected surprises. 
very_good So bizarre, satirical and imaginative that it almost defies description. 
bad doesn't have much to offer outside of its technical achievements, which is both amazing and a shame, considering Chomet's fertile imagination. 
best All you really need to enjoy "Triplets" is a taste for the weird and the wonderful. 
good Built on slow, repetitive actions that quietly amuse us but don't necessarily raise our adrenaline. Still, for visual grandeur and artistic imagination, it's a sheer joy. 
best ...delightful, inventive, accessible, hilarious, and tremendously executed. 
good A strange and wonderful tale that relies on and indulges in the luxuries of hand-drawn animation 
good Impossible to describe, impossible to forget. 
very_good An animated feature of appalling originality and scary charm. 
very_good A strange delight, an original vision that enhances the state of contemporary animation. 
very_good Dazzling in the simplest of ways putting Sylvain Chomet at the animation's adult table that still has plenty of room for the kids. 
good Like a silent film that just happens to be drawn instead of made with real people - it's absolutely mesmerizing to look at this animation. 
very_good Oooh la la and a certain je ne sais quoi permeate every frame of this imaginative French gem that leaves ordinary animated projects in the dust. 
very_good Feels like a cross between '60's Disney cartoon movies and Yellow Submarine. No, even that description is too simplistic. 
good Chomet has made a refreshing film set apart by its humour, unique cultural flavour and quality animation. 
very_good The city of Belleville is like some nocturnal amalgam of Paris and New York, on the edge of a vast sea and of the world itself. 
bad A dialog-free, animated film for adults that would have made a great short film, but, without speech or much of a story, it is seventy-five minutes too long. 
good Kept me smiling for 80 minutes, and that&#8217;s worth something, right? 
good International story of bicycling, rescue, singing, the passage of time and the nature of evil is a fantastic use of animation for grown-up storytelling. 
best Every so often, a film comes along that is so original, imaginative, and just plain flat-out wonderful that you can do little but marvel at the filmmaker's artistry. 
best An utter delight. 
best An insanely delicious animated feature. 
very_good A wildly imaginative and wholly original creation. 
bad It should appeal to adventurous types looking for a more challenging animated feature. 
best A tour de force of ink-washed, crosshatched mischief and unlikely sublimity. 
best A truly out-there piece of comic animation, the most outlandishly visual film of the year, this 80-minute French treat takes us into a world that can barely be described, a world unlike any we've seen before. 
good For someone with an adventurous cinematic appetite, a production that makes Miyazaki appear mainstream is surely worth a look. 
best A sophisticated, wholly original brand of animated storytelling that manages to be at once deliriously eccentric and deliciously sinister. 
best It's downright daft at times. But it's ingeniously crafted, marvelously drawn, and utterly unpredictable. 
terrible Perhaps the worst animated feature film I've ever seen. 
very_good [An] effortlessly charming cry of defiance against America, wrapped up in a touching and ticklishly funny, yet bitter-sweet tale that dances across the screen. 
very_good Comic, touching and a visual knockout. 
good A bizarre yet beautifully composed piece of nutty whimsy. 
good Visual ingenuity, wry humour, and French self-parody add up to a strange and touching experience. 
good Grotesque yet trippy. 
good Belleville Rendez-Vous is an engaging, original Europudding cartoon, animated in the classical style, without the sugar of Disney, entertaining from start to finish. 
good It may clock in at a crisp 80 minutes, yet a single viewing can barely do justice to this richly detailed and often playfully macabre adventure. 
best Forges an all new narrative and visual style that's so winning it lingers in the mind long after the credits roll. 
good Darkly humorous, this documentary is all about the curious mixology of obsessive compulsive personalities and road kill... 
best It's difficult to imagine anyone from George W. Bush's administration coming forth with such awe-inspiring, agenda-free candor, contrition, insight and misgivings about America's foreign policy. A documentary about morals, respect and blind luck. 
very_good [It] raise[s] complex questions about man's role in that most awful and inherent of human characteristics: our penchant for war. 
best a deeply felt testament of a man struggling to wring meaning and redemption out of history's hard, unyielding surfaces 
best The images and music combine with McNamara's voice and expressions to create a tapestry of a life lived toughly through a world that has looked over the edge at hell itself. 
bad Morris seems to go deep. But does he? The film is Morris's but the message McNamara's... The film is effective emotionally -- sometimes unbearably so. Intellectually...? 
bad His accounts are thought provoking and timely. 
good An engrossing and illuminating documentary. 
best I'm dismayed when movies like this come along, because they deserve to be seen. But audiences generally don't give them what they deserve. 
best This brilliant, uncompromising film should be seen by everyone. 
very_good Morris' recent win of the Best Documentary Oscar was well deserved. 
good With The Fog of War the human frailties of power and policy are brought into focus with our current situation. Who else is freaked out? 
very_good Offers a couple of hours of brilliant clarity amid the noise and chaos. 
good The sincerity here is brutal. 
very_good it's clear Morris is taking aim both at the tough-talking Texan who lived in the White House 40 years ago and the one who's currently there... 
good Engrossing from start to finish... but it may be Morris's least challenging film... 
very_good Even if you aren't a history buff or normally watch documentarties, Errol Morris' film is fascinating. 
best "The Fog of War" is a fascinating documentary, both an examination of the forces that guide nations and a portrait of an old man who slipped through his own fingers. 
good The Fog of War offers many lessons to mull over, yet the most meaningful one might be the old axiom about history repeating itself. 
good Simultaneously offers priceless insight into the nation's past and a worrisome take on the future. 
good If you, too, missed out on the fun of despising McNamara, you'll be entertained but unsatisfied by The Fog of War. 
best What's genuinely suspenseful about the movie is its journey into the heart and mind of McNamara. 
very_good A provocative case study in power and the powerful. 
very_good One of the most important films I've seen in the last year or so. A matter of life and death, required viewing for those sincerely interested in a better understanding of war. 
best Morris uses McNamara's long life and firsthand experience to indicate how technology has made the ethics of war much more difficult to tread. 
best Offers insightful, painful history and a clear demonstration that the so-called 'best and the brightest' of the JFK and LBJ years did some tragically stupid things. 
very_good It is part hagiography and part biography, part public apology and part performance art. 
very_good War is so complex that there's no way to see through to any single, objective explanation 
best Not only fascinating, it's important. 
very_good Watching McNamara, his eyes darting as he tries to sell his version of history, is the movie's most eerily compelling sight. 
good Virtuoso documentarian Errol Morris once again brings out the best (and a little bit of the worst) in his subject, this time former Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara. 
very_good Sobering, alarming, and fascinating. 
very_good An insanely timely cautionary tale about American omniscience and the fallible belief that rationality will always win out. 
very_good A fascinating ride through U.S. war history's choppy waters. 
very_good McNamara, a robust conversationalist, is so lively that he bursts out of what is essentially a talking-head documentary. 
very_good Disturbing. 
good A stethoscope on the heartbeat of history. 
good History needs to be re-examined, but it is rare for a filmmaker to have unfettered access to a reclusive figure who was so crucial in making history. 
good Essentially McNamara's version of himself through history, and he is such a persuasive figure. 
good Offers a fascinating history lesson -- and one you'll probably never read in any book. 
very_good Morris' smart, argumentative film is deceptively simple. 
very_good The interviews were filmed a year before the war in Iraq. That so many of McNamara's lessons have come into play imbue The Fog of War with an eerie clarity. 
very_good [McNamara's] humility is that of a player who has decided to keep certain hole cards his own, forever. We could think about this movie for just about as long. 
very_good Morris puts a once-despised human face on a difficult period in American history. 
bad Morris has learned a lot over the years about how to tell a story while gradually unveiling a personality. But I wish I had a better notion of what story he's trying to tell. 
best Morris, an ideal combination of journalist and romantic artist, matches footage to the words for maximum illumination and emotional impact. 
best Should be required viewing for anyone who makes decisions about national defense, if not for everyone. 
best The effect of The Fog of War is to impress upon us the frailty and uncertainty of our leaders. 
very_good In his willingness to speak up but not entirely out, McNamara provides the movie with its key fascination: the confessor who refuses to comment. 
best Morris fills [his film with] skewed and crooked angles on McNamara himself -- as if even the camera couldn't get a grasp on the elusive nature of this topic. 
best Brilliant. 
best It is a profound examination of the troubling proposition that good or well-meaning people can help create horrible and evil events -- and be swept along in the turmoil they unleash. 
very_good ...may be the scariest movie of 2003. 
good As fascinating as it is, it's not clear what conclusions can be drawn other than that war is hell and it would be preferable if mankind could just live together in peace. 
very_good It should be required viewing for all political and military leaders. 
bad Armchair philosophers might find truths about human nature in this bait and switch, but promises to stringently examine McNamara's strategic decisions left me feeling slighted 
good Morris' real genius is that he knows how to listen, knows when to stop questioning and thereby let people reveal themselves, more than they intended 
best Though the movie may not change many minds about McNamara, it richly humanizes him, a valuable feat atop all the fascinating reflection. 
bad Those already familiar with McNamara's book will notice few revelations here, and Morris's non-confrontational style allows McNamara to basically recite passages from his book in toto. 
very_good By asking the right questions and guiding the interview into compelling territory, Morris has produced one of 2003's most memorable documentaries. 
good Despite its more tendentious moments and sometimes irritating slickness, Fog of War is every bit as fascinating and unnerving as its subject. 
best As The Fog of War demonstrates, [McNamara] shouldn't be ignored. 
good Whether or not you agree with his politics, McNamara is a fascinating man... it's a compelling documentary that may scare you a little and will certainly make you think. 
good One of the best documentaries of this or any year. 
best As in Morris movies like Gates of Heaven and The Thin Blue Line, the filmmaking is meticulous and the ideas are endlessly thought-provoking. 
very_good This architect of war cum elder statesman directly benefits from Morris' curiously stylish effort, making for enduringly captivating cinema. 
good The Fog of War has a central figure who himself is shrouded in a fog of mystery -- and the "truth" becomes harder to decipher or even intuit. 
very_good It will knock you for a loop like no other movie this year. 
good There is nothing simple about Robert McNamara and nothing simplistic about Errol Morris's involving look at him. 
very_good This is a beautifully produced film, expertly edited with a haunting Philip Glass score and statistics that are meaningful and extremely disturbing. 
good Os ensinamentos de McNamara deixam algo claro: caso Bush estivesse no poder quando ocorreu a crise dos misseis cubanos, provavelmente nao estariamos aqui hoje. 
fair If there's one movie that ought to be studied by military and civilian leaders around the world at this treacherous historical moment, it is The Fog of War. 
good ...should appeal to history buffs and neophytes alike... 
very_good What becomes clear is that McNamara - often confident and convincing - is not an entirely reliable narrator of his own story. 
good Now, in Errol Morris' fascinating documentary, an 85-year-old McNamara looks squarely into Morris' camera and, with his eyes occasionally yielding tears, rehashes his life with a mixture of guilt, pride, candor, sadness and self-delusion. 
fair Evidently mellowed by time and experience, McNamara is a man whose revelations and life make compelling viewing. 
good A superb survey of the last half-century of American politics and one that has much to say about the current administration's attitudes. 
good Morris allows McNamara the dignity of his memories, yet never allows the viewer to forget the deeply troubling moral questions bound to those memories. 
good There aren't any easy answers, and devotees of Errol Morris should know that going in. 
good When the cast and their director are really cooking, they conjure a bipolar sense of high school-age emotion -- and use it to fuel outrageous fantasy. 
good Spider-Man is an effortless, intelligent entertainment, and a fabulous, fun-filled start to the hugely lucrative franchise. 
good Full of swinging action but finding plenty of time to explore the people behind the masks, Spider-Man is a franchise with real legs. At last, a blockbuster that lives up to the hype. 
very_good Captures the high-energy, pulpy effervescence of Marvel when it was young and feisty... whatever imperfections the film picks up along the way, they practically demand to be hand-waved aside. 
good It's got all that you'd want from superhero movie and more. A truly enjoyable film. 
good Fun movie, but may be too intense for younger kids. 
good Spider-Man is funny, poignant and true to form with Tobey Maguire and company fleshing out the famed comic-book characters with aplomb. 
very_good Finally, a fully faithful adaptation to a comic book icon, save for some bumps along the road. It's a fun movie. 
fair A vibrant piece of pop entertainment that serves as the perfect start to the summer season. 
good An adaptation of the Marvel Comics superhero adventures that effectively takes time between exhilarating digital effects to develop character and motivation. 
best Colourful, energetic and well-cast, Spider-Man is a good-quality, highly-entertaining action movie. 
very_good Spider-man flows as smoothly from scene to scene, catching the audience in its charming web and setting us up for a sequel which, for once, will be welcome. 
good Practically pitch-perfect summer entertainment. 
very_good At its best, it's action packed fantasy, grounded in reality by a talented cast who pack a real emotional wallop. At its worst, it's over the top, and more than a little sappy. 
good Director Sam Raimi was right. Tobey Maguire was the right choice for Spider-Man. 
very_good cool 
bad Will have any 12-year-old trying to perfect that trick of hoisting themselves up between walls using their legs. 
best The final sequence . . . will have you leaving the theater feeling both dizzy and giddy, and looking up at the top of the nearest building wishing you could shoot a web at it. 
bad This is not a good movie, but a mediocre means of passing a few hours. It is a classic example of money and special effects diluting artistic vision and talent. 
good Weak visual effects, but the film is at least entertaining otherwise. 
good Screenwriter Koepp...successfully adapts his writing style to that of pulp comics, and director Raimi follows suit with the film's colorful and fantastic look. 
bad For all its faults, Spider-Man is a good film, and you'll probably have a good time watching it. 
very_good Sam Raimi a reussi un tour de force: l'adaptation de bande dessinee la plus fidele a voir le jour au grand ecran. 
best Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire bring a hero to cinematic life with a fun, fast, action-packed blockbuster. 
best Terrifically entertaining blockbuster that, for once, gets everything right. 
best The movie swings, literally, with physical and emotional energy for all of its two hours. 
good Very few liberties are taken with the story, and the ones that are (such as Spidey's webbing ability envisioned as a genetic mutation) seem like improvements. 
fair Thankfully, director Sam Raimi knows a little bit about exposing the cool in something that is irrevocably cheesy. 
good It's got appealing performers as the leads. 
good Si el siglo XXI necesita de heroes, el Hombre Arana parece haber llegado para quedarse. 
very_good Sam Raimi has created a picture so likable and true to the Marvel comic book that comparisons with the first Superman movie are inevitable. 
best Raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen. 
good An accomplishment of co-belligerence. That is to say, the unnatural alliance of pyrotechnics and honest emotional catharsis team up to create quality entertainment... Alas, it's an entertainment that is not complete in its uprising. 
very_good A piece of vintage cinematic entertainment with a post-modernist twist 
good A wonderful surprise - a superhero action movie almost everyone can enjoy. 
good Enthralling, exciting, exhilarating. 
very_good They don't make action-adventure movies better than the often spectacular "Spider-Man," the most exciting film re-creation of a superhero since Christopher Reeve donned a red cape and blue tights in "Superman." 
bad This is entertaining stuff, and Sam Raimi has spun a good yarn for the summer. 
best A review threatens to turn into a session of gushing because the film is that type of experience; watching it, I kept wanting to applaud. 
best Someday rational thought will return and I will realize "Spider-Man" does not rank among the milestones of cinema. But someday is not today. Today "Spider-Man" may as well be "Lawrence of Arabia," so delirious has it made this longtime fan. 
very_good a deeply human and often moving character story in addition to a rousing action-adventure fantasy 
good While director Sam Raimi's surefooted adaptation doesn't quite reach the upper echelon of superhero flicks, it mostly gets everything right. 
good A stylish, exciting, and ingenious thrill-ride. 
good ... Raimi delivers a first-rate entertainment for the summer crowd, slick as an extra-large popcorn with butter - and about as substantial - when he has all the ingredients for a truly exhilarating experience with a life beyond the multiplex. 
very_good Cuarenta anos de lectores y fans emergen detras de esta superproduccion y ninguno de ellos queda defraudado. La cinta es desde su estreno, un fenomeno mundial. 
good Putting a comic book geek in charge of your Marvel franchise proves to be a very good thing. 
fair The comic book movie has developed its own cinematic language, Spider-Man possibly blooming into a series worthy of a rack in The Android's Dungeon. 
terrible The action is too repetitive (how many different ways can you swing between buildings). Spider-man just doesn't have enough tricks up his sleeves to sustain a two-hour movie. 
good ...one of the most exhilarating (and silly) screen adventures ever to be inspired by the pages of a Marvel comic. 
good "Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer, and hopefully, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff. If you're a comic fan, you can't miss it. If you're not, you'll still have a good time." 
good Como nao simpatizar com um super-heroi que vai de onibus para o trabalho? 
very_good Raimi gives this unapologetic fluff a mind, a heart and a keen sense of fun. 
good Though not perfect, Spiderman is the most satisfying movie from a cartoon that anyone could hope for. 
good It has everything you'd really want in a popcorn movie: humor, action, romance, and a really hot redhead!!! 
fair Fun and nimble. 
fair Effectively brings to the screen an unforgettable superhero that swings back into contemporary times. 
fair This is perhaps the most spot-on film adaptation of a comic book superhero yet. 
best Parents will thrill to see a childhood hero in a full live-action adventure, while a whole new generation gets their first taste of a hero too cool to ever go out of style. 
very_good Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away. 
bad The film actually is excellent for the first two thirds. 
best Majestic entertainment, brought to life by a creative team that deserves a mountain of accolades for making, at least, the second best comic book adaptation in cinema history. 
very_good A top-notch movie...the epitome of an outstanding summer blockbuster. 
good You can tell the movie was made by people who enjoy the source material and have no fear of making it known. 
very_good Was it worth the wait? Absolutely. 
fair More fun than I was expecting. 
very_good The movie shoots for, and usually achieves a sense of giddy exuberance, but it comes at the cost of suspense. 
good A weightless good time from the great Raimi, but it lacks a truly memorable villain to make it truly fly. 
good Spider-Man is best described as an origin film, laying the foundation for future sequels. 
very_good Do I smell franchise? Who doesn't? 
good Peter Parker pick of a pack of pulp protagonists 
best A tightly woven web of fun. 
bad This captures neither the letter nor the spirit of the Spider-Man of comic book and cartoon fame 
bad Raimi does know his genre. 
bad Tobey Maguire is one of the only decent things about the film, and he is hampered by a completely and wholeheartedly adequate script. 
very_good A dazzling show-stopper that...is better than any of the Batman movies ever were. 
very_good ... the most faithful 4-color to film adaptation to date. And yes, it's amazing. 
good This is a pure popcorn movie -- the kind of film one can unabashedly enjoy for what it is. 
good Despite its many action scenes and should-have-been tense moments, the film packs very little excitement. 
very_good Not only does Spider-Man deliver, but I suspect it might deliver again and again. 
best The very best slam-bang, gee-whiz comic-book movie ever made. 
bad It wasn't a terrible movie. Ah, but what went wrong? The filmmakers did not trust their audience. 
very_good Director Sam Raimi gives Marvel Comics' wall-crawling hero the cinematic treatment he has always deserved. 
terrible Leave this overblown Saturday Morning Cartoon where it belongs ... in the clearance bin at your local comic book store. 
good With disarmingly entertaining movies like this, dare I say, who needs big bad superhero movies? 
very_good An exuberance, a celebration, a hoot, a kick and a half. 
good A blockbuster with a heart and a brain. 
good In this age of soulless, FX-driven action franchises Raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development. 
very_good A movie that both thrills the eye and, in its over-the-top way, touches the heart. 
fair Fun, but not in the same league as Superman. 
bad The superhero part of the movie will leave audiences with a flat feeling. 
good High-crafted and amusing. 
best A model of what films like this should be like. 
good A cool comic-book movie with enough thrills for any kid and a haunting emotional depth missing in such predecessors as X-Men or any of the Batman films. 
good Raimi's effort is fun, funny, and filled with spectacular effects -- and about as good an imagining of Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's web-slinging classic as one could expect. 
good This may not be the best four-color adventure ever lensed, but it's the most affectionate and faithful to its source. 
good It's still a comic book, but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul. 
very_good My spider sense says Spider-Man will be a deserving blockbuster hit. 
good A whiz-bang, action-packed fantasy with a genuine love story at its core. 
fair An easy, breezy and pleasantly uncheesy spin through the universe of Marvel Comics' beloved wall-crawling web-head. 
best A flat-out fun film. 
good Exciting as it is tender and romantic, Raimi's Spider-Man looks like a movie that will please not only the Spider-Man converted but also the viewer who just wanders in. 
very_good The most 'fun' comic-book movie since the first two Superman films. 
fair Plays like a sensitive 1980s-era John Hughes teen film ... interrupted by really tawdry special effects and hammy appearances by a cartoonish villain played by Willem Dafoe. 
fair Feels like a bland, watered-down product of a corporate vision, designed primarily to be the safe, sadly responsible start of a summer movie franchise. 
best Well-acted, funny and exciting, Spider-Man is on par with the first Batman. 
good Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings. 
very_good Raimi's film is actually closer in spirit to a coming-of-age story like "Almost Famous" than to a flashy noisy mess like "Batman and Robin". 
fair The origin story is well told, and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books. It's in the action scenes that things fall apart. 
best Finally an awesome super hereo comic book adaptation worth all your bubblegum money! 
good A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood's comic-book adaptations. 
very_good This is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect. 
good To its credit focuses mainly on the warm-hearted human tale of the innocent superhero in a hard world, rather than on visual dazzle. 
very_good Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs, getting a more mature body, and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units. 
good My Spidey sense says that Raimi will finally hit the A-list, Maguire will get some new respect, and this film is gonna make a whole lot of money. 
fair This fast-paced entertainment is a surprisingly successful mix of spectacle and human-scale drama. 
good Raimi and writer David Koepp never lose the lighthearted comic-book sensibility. 
good This long-awaited screen adaptation of the Marvel super hero does not disappoint. 
very_good Raimi is one of the best filmmakers out there, especially when it comes to making dark, comic-booky stuff. 
fair Though [Raimi's] Spider-Man marks time more than it needs to and is no more than sporadically exhilarating, it does enough things right to be a solid comic-book citizen. 
fair The filmmakers have succeeded in rejuvenating the character while staying faithful to his roots. 
good [Raimi's] passion for his source material is evident in every frame of this big, light, endearingly square movie. 
very_good A big-budget fantasy film with exceptional acting and special effects. 
bad I'll sum up my reaction in a word: Yawn. 
good Good show, Spidey: We knew you had it in you. 
good It's good fun that engages our heart. 
good Webmasterful. That's Tobey Maguire as angsty nerd Peter Parker and his arachnid alter ego Spider-Man. 
good A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it. 
good A good movie that would be a better one if it were 15 minutes shorter, and a great movie if it were a half-hour shorter. 
very_good That rare thing, an event movie that leaves you feeling chipper, entertained and sated rather than ripped-off. 
very_good Sam Raimi has set the bar unusually high for the rest of the summer film season with this exciting and exhilarating adventure. 
fair ...with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, I realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time. It's a trifle. 
good So is Spider-Man worthy of its massive hype? Not really, but it is a solidly entertaining popcorn flick. 
good Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it, but "Spider-Man" certainly delivers the goods. 
good Raimi does right by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's original creation via an old-fashioned comic book aesthetic. 
good Watch Tobey Maguire turn the Big Apple criminals into arachnophobes! 
good A strong first act and absolutely, inescapably gorgeous, skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man. 
very_good A wonderful moviegoing experience for people who love the comic and those who have no idea what 'Excelsior!' means. 
good If you're looking for an all-around good time at the movies, grab a friend, grab some popcorn...and see this movie!! 
bad About as good as can be expected for an introductory superhero movie, but it would have been nice if it was better than expected. 
best A perfect summer popcorn movie with lots of great effects, enough action, plenty of laughs, lots of romance and a great deal of heart. 
terrible The almost total absence of anything that actually looks like a narrative is one of Left Behind's issues, but it's not, honestly, one of the biggest. 
bad Mix of apocalyptic book series and the Bible. 
very_bad These folks get eternity in heaven, while I'm stuck here watching the Left Behind trilogy. I'm calling my rabbi. 
very_bad Atuacoes ridiculas em um filme absurdo. 
terrible Whoa. 
terrible The loosely scripted story is further burdened with clunky dialogue and performances, shoddy continuity, and, well, Kirk Cameron. 
terrible We're asked to buy Kirk Cameron as a hardcore journalist covering an international crisis in the Middle East? 
terrible The only thing "Left Behind" made me want to do was pray that it would soon be over. 
bad Neither as bad you might fear nor as good as you might hope. 
bad This picture's b-movie values probably play better on video than in theaters. 
terrible An exceedingly poorly made motion picture. 
terrible For all its intimations of fire and brimstone, the film isn't remotely frightening, and the high-school-level acting doesn't help. 
fair Solid, unexceptional mix of thrills and human drama. 
terrible Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction. 
bad The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity. 
very_bad The biggest problem I had with this film was the set-up and premise. It works on paper, but most of the movie is spent with the characters being simply awful. 
very_bad Battle of the sexes romcom with mature content. 
fair A modest but bubbly comedy of manners. [Blu-ray] 
bad ...despite reservations about the goofy plot and the cocky characters, the movie proceeds pleasantly enough. 
good Has just enough substance beneath the surface throw the romantic comedy some much needed freshness. 
fair [McConaughey] and Hudson make the premise, even in its shakier moments, vibrate with a sense of fun. 
very_bad Offers nothing new to the genre, but for those who like light tales of meet-cute and happily-ever-after, it'll probably be as welcome as a tub of double-fudge ice cream. 
bad if only filmmakers out there would take a how-to course on making romantic comedies with more than just laughs and star appeal, we might actually be making some progress. 
very_bad Wander in after 30 minutes and split an hour later, otherwise you may feel like you've been used. 
bad . I hate to label this lightweight romp a "chick flick", but when the title actually issues a challenge to the fairer sex, well, the writing is on the wall. 
good Leve e divertida, esta producao serve como prova de que, mesmo carregada de cliches, uma comedia romantica pode funcionar muito bem. 
good You gotta love love, especially when it's devious, deceitful, selfish, brutal and manipulative. 
good ... before labeling this as just another chick flick, keep in mind that it's a whole lot more enjoyable than most of the current pre-summer blockbuster-wannabes that studios are unloading right now. 
good The kind of instantly disposable but exceptionally agreeable trifle that's best enjoyed with one's significant other, preferably before or after an intimate dinner for two. 
very_bad Overly long and overstuffed, there's just not enough here for a recommendation. 
bad Fun, funny, Chick Lit-style chortler. 
fair Pokes fun at relationship stereotypes in a way that, while not exactly clever, is pretty amusing -- due in large part to the talented leads. 
good 'Hudson y McConaughey salvan el resultado final gracias simplemente a su encanto personal.' 
good This is a pure bubblegum picture, but it works at that level. 
good This is a more adult romantic comedy, with humor that a more adult crowd can identify with, and those painful date moments that everyone can relate to. 
bad Hudson needs a little more time to hone her comedic skills before she can charm us through all the watery spots in the film's hot-laughs and cold-jokes script. 
very_bad In what civilization is this kind of behavior romantic? 
fair Leave before the excruciating finale and you should have an OK time. 
fair It is fun, but empty fun. 
bad Both lovers are duplicitous creeps -- in a perverse way they're made for each other. 
terrible When a chick flick goes wrong -- and this one hits a dead end in hell -- it's a wipeout. 
very_bad The funny stuff at the heart of this film struggles in vain to free itself from a cage made of old romantic-comedy cliches. 
bad 10 Days may be predictable, but it's still quite entertaining. 
fair Though the majority of the film is laughably predictable (you just know there's going be a drawn-out sequence in which both characters learn about the other's deception), there's a lot worth recommending about How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days. 
very_bad Ladies, here's a hint: you can lose a guy in a lot less than 10 days if you make him watch movies like this one. 
bad A nice enough diversion when the theaters are filled with weightier Oscar contenders. 
bad The same stuff you've seen in every other run of the mill, artificially sweetened date flick. 
bad You've seen this movie before. Here it is again. 
bad ...breezy and manipulative...This piece of dating dreck is so sticky sweet and syrupy that one would think they screened Petrie's film at the International House of Pancakes! 
very_bad The film is based on a very small book of the same name that's illustrated with stick figures. Director Donald Petrie's film miraculously manages to be even less detailed. 
bad Too light on laughs and too heavy on predictable moments. 
bad Though something less than a masterpiece of the genre, this good-natured skirmish in the war between men and women benefits from Hudson's thoroughly charming performance. 
bad For once, here's a screen couple that easily adds up. 
terrible Virtually everything in the movie is off-pitch. 
terrible Having nearly suffocated amid the swirling mist of estrogen fumes that enveloped a recent screening of the insipid chick flick How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, I need an immediate infusion of guy stuff to detox. 
very_bad So much of the picture misfires and/or simply doesn't work or make sense that the total package is not as good, enjoyable or entertaining as it should be. 
very_bad This is a movie that never aspires to be anything more than dimwitted fun, then falls on its aspirations. 
good It's about as close to French farce as romantic comedies get, and the closer the better. 
good Button-cute. 
bad A modest Hawn-like romance for a new generation. 
terrible A shrill, unfunny litany of single-folk stereotypes that insults men and women with equal abandon. 
bad Guys, if the gal in your life insists that you take her to How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, don't panic. If she really wanted to dump you, she'd insist on Deliver Us From Eva. 
fair Trite, contrived, but often entertaining. 
good How to Lose a Guy shows that Hudson's Oscar-nominated performance in 2000's Almost Famous wasn't a fluke. 
bad This material requires a great deal more suspension of disbelief than even this hokey genre normally demands. 
bad Has enough laughs and silly subplots to keep you looking, but in the end it's the work done by the two leads that saves the film. 
bad McConaughey is an actor of limited range, but this time he has a film that fits firmly into his abilities. 
bad You not only have to be seriously testosterone- deprived to survive this film without embarrassment, you have to buy a romantic premise so ridiculously contrived that even Dr. Ruth might suspect someone was pulling her little leg. 
bad How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is not unpleasant. It's just dull. 
bad Lackluster. 
bad It goes on too long and is trapped by too many cliches. 
good The hottest couple to come down the pike recently has been Frodo and Sam. Hudson and McConaughey rate higher on the spark-o-meter. 
very_bad a shallow, convoluted love story with some cheap laughs wrapped around an infomercial 
fair A novel concept...botched with juvenile execution. 
good Hits all the spots that most successful romantic comedies do, and has some decent laughs mixed in. 
terrible The results are supposed to be funny, but are instead painful. 
fair The picture is actually watchable. 
good How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days dishes up a healthy serving of the fun that should be -- and too often isn't -- at the heart of a good romantic comedy. 
very_bad I am just about ready to write off movies in which people make bets about whether they will, or will not, fall in love. 
terrible Days is a watered-down, lightweight version of War of the Roses made for people who still think Friends is funny. 
very_bad Clumsy, overlong. 
very_bad Riddled with cliche plot devices and dialogue that's as superficial as the glossy fashion magazine the lead character writes for. 
bad If How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days turns out to be a $75 million hit as I suspect, then it will no longer matter if the same script is dusted off and the names changed to protect the innocent, because it's the audiences that are guilty. 
good They play an emotional game of chicken - and we all win. 
good A brand of entertainment that's dissatisfying intellectually and formulaically. 
bad Despite a few clever insights and twists, it's neither good nor distinctive enough to rise above the level of generic romantic comedy. 
bad If the movie provides no new insight into the contrasting behavior of men and women or the perils of postmodern urban dating, falling well shy of the not-too-high standard set by 'Sex and the City' on both fronts, it does have its tart, fizzy moments. 
very_bad A too-long title is just the first problem for this too-long, misguided, so-called romantic comedy. 
very_bad Should just count ourselves lucky that the final reunion on a bridge doesn't involve Benjamin on horseback and Paul Young on the soundtrack. 
very_bad How to lose a Guy in 10 Days More like How to Lose an Audience in 10 Minutes. 
fair In contrast to the horrifically stupid, dull romantic comedies the past month or two have brought us, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is almost, but not quite, a breath of fresh air. 
bad If reality's your bag, take a pass. But if you're looking for a harmless diversion to get you in the mood for Valentine's Day, this could be the ticket. 
very_bad There may be some way to make this nonsense amusing, but writers Kristen Buckley and Brian Regan haven't even figured out a reasonable setup for getting the two together. 
very_good ...This film will charm your socks off 
bad Not for one frame does it seem possible that these two cutesy twenty-somethings won't see the errors of their wagers in time to take the exit to happily-ever-after land. 
terrible If you want to lose a guy in one day, drag him to see this movie. 
very_good Hudson is so impressive than she could charm the paint off the walls. 
fair This film sticks like high heels in gravel coming out of the gate. But after the necessary unpleasantness are over the bulk of the film is actually quite entertaining, funny and, well, cute. 
fair This movie is so intent upon getting cheap laughs and putting the protagonists in uncomfortable situations that it forgets they're supposed to be falling in love. 
bad This film will likely be enjoyed by anyone who has gone through their own share of 'clingy' girlfriends with a number of laughs and enough overall entertainment to recommend to anyone looking for a fun night out with their honey. 
good A tasty romantic comedy, featuring the battle of the sexes in its most fanciful light. 
very_bad If you're working for The New Yorker, the legality of Laura Elena Harring's breasts is not an appropriate pitch for your "Annals of Law" column. 
bad An entertaining trifle to a point...but it doesn't treat the character's or the audience's intelligence with the respect they deserve. By the end, you just don't care anymore. 
terrible Not only does 10 Days rely on that old standby of romantic comedies -- "the bet" -- it one-ups the cliche with two bets! 
fair Surprisingly entertaining and fun. 
bad Predictable, but not wholly unlikable. 
very_bad Miss Applegate is charming when the screenplay allows her to slow down. Working against her is the director, Stephen Herek, who pushes every gag so hard and fast that he seems to be keeping up with a laugh track only he can hear. 
very_bad A would-be black comedy that turns white too early 
bad Silly and pretty mindless, but still a worthwhile cable-time comedy. 
terrible The souls of these little monsters are much too black to be redeemed within the confines of an hour and a half film. 
very_bad Even the title gag, the dead baby sitter, is virtually forgotten after the first 15 minutes, until it is brought up again for the film's final moments. Along with it, the dark edge also disappears. 
bad Once the babysitter dies and her body is deposited anonymously on the steps of a funeral home, the movie is free to reveal its real purpose: This is a consumerist, escapist fantasy for teenage girls. 
good Deliriously silly! 
terrible The really frustrating thing about Tomatoes is the toothlessness of its satire. 
terrible Lousy movie with a catchy titles 
terrible Turned into a B movie classic based on its title alone. 
bad I don't care if it's "so bad it's good" -- there's some seriously funny bits in this otherwise disposable cult flick. 
very_good The plot isn't the attraction here; instead, it's the intriguing relationships between the characters, the black-and-white camerawork by the great Russell Metty (Touch of Evil, Spartacus), and the scintillating performances by all concerned. 
fair An under-seen but highly-recommended film. 
fair If a director's job is to come up with creative ways to convey who characters are and the deeper meaning of their circumstances, Montgomery earns a gold star. 
best You may have seen Middle Earth before. But you haven't been IN Middle Earth.Peter Jackson's 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' has made it possible for you to feel like you're surrounded by the astonishing environment created by J.R.R. Tolkien. 
good With the first film pushing three hours, purists will be pleased. Less die-hard audiences will find a lot of meandering set-up - albeit visually gorgeous meandering setup. 
good It rambles over hill and dale and mountain and field and forest and marsh and through cavern and catacomb and grotto and pothole...but will please the Tolkien faithful. 
best While the new scenes don't add much to the great film, the outstanding wealth of special features makes this one of the must-own Blu-rays of 2013. 
good The odd thing about the saying "too much of a good thing" is that it acknowledges the fact that, something, in general, is composed of an overabundance of excellence. 
fair The Hobbit may not be as memorable as the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but it's a mostly faithful adaptation that sticks to the same tones and themes of the source material. 
best It's a journey that any fan of Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" Trilogy should enjoy. 
bad Peter Jackson's return to Middle Earth feels familiar and unfulfilling. 
good If Jackson had focused simply on Bilbo's party and their attempts to get a proper homeland for the dwarves, 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' would have been a leaner, more engaging tale. 
good An Unexpected Journey offers an unparalleled visual spectacle 
fair a drag-down, mildly diverting entertainment 
good The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey had me with the dulcet melancholy of displaced Dwarves, yearning to be home. 
good Slower out of the gates than a three-legged donkey... but it gets better, and fans won't mind this slowburn beginning because, hey, it's Middle Earth. 
very_good ...a jaw-dropping visual carnival courtesy of Peter Jackson and company! 
bad The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a story stretched too thin; dragged out by drudging slowness and obvious padding that its handful of thrilling action sequences can't improve. 
good Should more than satisfactorily scratch the itch of those who have waited many long years to see Middle Earth back on screen. 
very_good A marvel of filmmaking wizardry and engrossing adventure storytelling, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey marks another triumph by director Peter Jackson who once again takes J.R. Tolkien's words and brings them to life with skilful, passionate expertise. 
bad THE Hobbit occupies that same awkward spot in popular cinema as the Twilight movies in terms of balancing good cinema against fan-service. 
very_bad There is simply not enough story to justify the inordinate length...the enormous production effort is negated by [the] disastrous decision to shoot at 48 frames per second...This makes the entire enterprise look like the world's most expensive home video. 
good A vibrant vision but a long slog. 
best Like the sad, bug-eyed Gollum, moviegoers may not have realized how much they missed movies like this onscreen in the past several years. 
good The absolute highlight: the return of Andy Serkis, master of motion-capture performance, as the scary, disturbing, pathetic Gollum. 
very_good A wild and visually stunning quest through a fantasy world all done with the noble spirit of courage and goodwill. 
good For what it's worth, the first installment of The Hobbit hits all the right notes and delivers what will be expected of it 
good All in all I think of it as The Hobbit: A Better Than Expected Journey. 
good 'The Hobbit' is another ambitious, gorgeous and faithful trip into JRR's writing - and because of this, it won't win any new fans if you had no patience ten years ago. For those who do, you'll definitely want to go there and back again. 
good An unexpectedly great start to the prequel to "LOTR"; Peter Jackson strikes again. 
bad My biggest complaint about this latest adventure in Middle-earth is that it is three hours worth of set-up for the next movie. 
good Much as with LotR, the casting is a strength. 
good This first chapter of Peter Jackson's new Tolkien trilogy takes us back to the familiar settings and characters, inflating a simple journey into an epic adventure in the process. 
very_bad Peter Jackson didn't particularly want to direct The Hobbit, and I didn't particularly want to be bored to tears, but there we both were, fulfilling what could only be described as some sort of cinematic murder-suicide pact. 
good Having now seen it twice, I favor the 2D/24p version over the 3D/48p one. But absent the format quibble, Jackson gives us a worthy start to a new trilogy. 
bad Aqui e ali, ate sentimos o gosto do universo criado por Tolkien, mas para isso temos que devorar quilos e mais quilos da massa fermentada por um padeiro megalomaniaco que perdeu o controle sobre o que levara ao forno. 
bad Jackson seems to be going through the motions of epic fantasy filmmaking. 
very_bad In his desire to tell this story in the most comprehensive manner possible, Jackson seems to have forgotten one of cinema's most pleasurable tricks: the ability to cut to the chase. 
bad This is a Hobbit cobbled together by an obsession with technological ingenuity at the expense of storytelling. 
bad Full of stuff... all the way up to a bloated 169-minute running time. But stuff is not exactly the same thing as having a rich and complicated plot. 
good Simply, if you're a fan of the way Jackson has delivered Middle-earth to you in the past, then this is more of the same... 
very_good ... there's nothing to hate or fear here (unless you buy the super-chubby size soda). Welcome back, Middle Earth. 
bad Visually it is sometimes amazing, but it is a large troll step down from the last trilogy. 
very_good Entertaining, but just when a good thing becomes too much of a good thing will vary from viewer to viewer. 
very_bad Instead of simply adapting Tolkien's novel, Jackson has opted to use the story as a jumping off point for a convoluted prequel that threatens to do for Middle Earth what George Lucas's Star Wars prequels did for a galaxy far, far away. 
good Is the 48fps format a good thing? Not unless the title had been Days of Our Hobbits or As the Shire Turns. My advice, then, would be to see this fairly entertaining movie in 2-D or even regular 3-D and leave the 48fps nonsense by the wayside. 
bad I prefer my movies to be more entertainment than ordeal. 
terrible 'Well, that was the longest video game trailer I have ever seen. No, seriously, are you going to show the real film now?' 
bad ...almost 3 hours watching this would seem to be beyond torture for a normal adult, despite the exceptional production values which comprise the only reason to see it. 
good Not all the scenes are necessary, and a great deal of the movie is set-up, with Jackson reveling in his own return to Middle Earth. But it's an enjoyable experience. 
very_good Happily, despite all the technical details, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is exciting, tantalizing and satisfying. 
good The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is like 90 minutes of flirting, an hour of foreplay, and no sex. In other words, it's fun, but not entirely satisfying. 
good Precisely what an adventure epic should be: huge, long, and lots of fun. 
good A few extemporaneous Lord of the Rings elements distract from The Hobbit storyline but Jackson has presented a captivating and exciting return to Middle-earth. 
good Despite some minor missteps, watching it feels like welcoming an old friend into your home. He may ramble a bit and slightly overstay his welcome, but hanging out with him reminds you of why you're friends in the first place. 
very_good A promising start. 
fair To its own narrative detriment, "The Hobbit" works hard to lay the framework for what will follow. Certainly that's one way to set out on a trilogy, but it's surely not the best. 
bad Nearly three hours, and the story has progressed only slightly. Nothing is short and sweet here, not even the identities. It's always Thorin, son of Theraflu, son of Thong, etc. 
bad Tolkien tale isn't as great as LOTR, but better for tweens. 
bad Jackson's risky creative choices have drained Bilbo Baggins' adventure of its magic. 
good Tolkein geeks rejoice 
good Fantasy fans hungry for a second breakfast of Tolkien-fueled fare can get their fill with this visually sumptuous feast. 
bad Peter Jackson catches a nasty case of George Lucas-itis with his latest Middle earth saga. 
bad There's no denying the majesty in Peter Jackson's visuals but he's taken a relatively slim children's book and stretched it beyond the limits. 
bad ...has nearly as much going for it (Martin Freeman as Bilbo, much untampered-with Tolkien dialogue) as it does against it (that chintzy-looking 48 FPS speed, bloated screenplay). 
bad Sad to say, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is a pale shadow trying to reach the sun on the strength of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. 
very_bad In his attempt to produce a definitive, enhanced-strength version of the text, Jackson has stripped away much of the fun, a great deal of the energy and most of the humour. 
good What it all comes down to is that if you in any way, shape or form enjoyed the "Lord of the Rings" movies then you must see "The Hobbit." Many happy returns. 
terrible Yet another battle-filled and self-indulgent film by Peter Jackson. 
very_good A minor flaw or two but assuming you don't spend all of your days barefoot like a Hobbit, the movie will knock your socks off. 
bad The reason it's so hard to immerse yourself in the world of Middle Earth again isn't HOW Peter Jackson filmed "The Hobbit." It's WHAT he filmed. 
good A hugely enjoyable set-up for what looks set to be another thrilling trilogy. 
bad Jackson has delivered plenty more of the big setpieces that fans loved in the trilogy, albeit at the cost of making The Hobbit far more imperial and epic than it needs to be. 
bad It would be wrong to ignore the technical achievement that Jackson has pulled off yet again. But when said and done, "The Hobbit" feels more like a cinematic encyclopedia of Tolkein's mythical world rather than a trip to the movies. 
good THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY is a visual feast with whimsy and charm. 
fair The repeated iterations of fight, flight and respite here get wearing. Especially perhaps because, with Jackson's fetish for detail, they take more time to watch on screen than to read about. 
very_bad "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" has finally arrived, not on wings of gossamer fancy but with a hairy-footed thud. 
bad Hems and haws with only an occasional cinematic punch, making it a good, but very expected journey. 
bad While the 48fps reads very much as "American soap opera" in the early scenes, it's quite effective in the rousing, vertigo-laced action sequences. Messy, but worth a look. 
good Moments of brilliance and moments of boredom 
good Those expecting THE HOBBIT to be on the same level as LORD OF THE RINGS are only setting themselves up for disappointment. But if you just go in expecting a fun adventure, you should be able to enjoy it. Just DON'T see it in the higher frame rate. 
terrible If this were Green Eggs and Ham, the film would stop at approximately the point at which you would not eat them with a fox. 
good Gets off to a decent start for this next trilogy, but it's not the epic, genre-redefining event of the one that preceded it. 
fair The overgenerous running time is somewhat to the film's advantage, but there are warning signs that Jackson might be stretching the tale to its limit. 
good The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a lot like that beat up car you have sitting in the driveway. It doesn't always accelerate when it should, but once it gets going it's more reliable than anything. 
good The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey ... is clumsy where Tolkien's book is streamlined -- filling in the gaps where the novel is vague... 
bad With approximately six more hours to go, it's tough not to shudder at the sheer lengths director Peter Jackson is about to go to stretch this story into paper-thin taffy. 
good If The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is any indicator of things to come, this trilogy could be every bit as wondrous and exciting as the one that preceded it. 
terrible If you loved the earlier films, these are moments you will hold on to, but they're very few, and they're not enough. 
fair Part One of director Peter Jackson's planned film trilogy of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit forces audiences to run an obstacle course before the fun kicks in. 
bad His first installment of The Hobbit, Tolkien's relatively slim precursor to the sprawling "Rings" saga, is a technically impressive but bloated adventure that makes you feel every one of its 169 minutes. 
very_good It may not be the story the book told in content and tone, but it's the story it had to be... plus 30 minutes. 
good Those early scenes in the Shire and the story of the loss of the dwarf kingdom establish character and purpose and give reason to hope and care that, like a talented sports team with a losing record, things can get only better. 
very_bad A major disappointment that is about as difficult to swallow as the Denny's meals that are among the avalanche of commercial tie-ins that have accompanied its release. 
good The film is frequently gorgeous, technologically adventurous and eventually thrilling. 
very_bad Tolkien's inventive, episodic tale of a modest homebody on a dangerous journey has been turned into an overscale and plodding spectacle. 
good The final sequence is an inspired little montage, with a Wagnerian flick in its scaly tail, setting up Hobbit 2. I can't wait. And I'm the one who didn't even want to go into Hobbit 1 
bad Even at their eye-filling best, these sequences generate more spectacle than suspense. 
bad Once the adventure is finally underway, and Martin Freeman's meek hero starts to come into his own, Jackson digs in and delivers an appropriately epic companion piece to his earlier trilogy. 
fair By the third time someone hangs by his fingertips over a gaping void, or Gandalf shouts "Run!" so they can flee the latest CGI monstrosity, the Lonely Mountain seems far away indeed. 
bad Once it gets going, it's actually quite fun. 
bad This movie is about drawing things out as much as possible to make a snack-size story feel like a meal. 
bad Seeing The Hobbit is like going to a timeshare presentation. First you have to sit through the boring stuff before you can take advantage of the spectacular benefits. 
good Jackson imposes a sense of grandeur but mostly loses Tolkien's sense of fun. 
bad This is not about a reluctant hero drawing courage from some deep personal well. It's not about dread and danger. It's about visual effects. 
very_bad "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is not the worst film of the year, but it may be the most disappointing. 
good The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey looks like the start of another blockbuster trilogy. 
fair Watching The Hobbit was an unexpected endurance test. Younger children will not last the pace, but plucky ten year olds with a couple of well timed toilet breaks will lap this up. 
bad Rather than an epic continuation of Jackson's Middle-earth obsession, the film seems more like the work of a man driving around a multilevel parking garage without being able to find the exit. 
bad A bloated, dull mess of a film that meanders when it should move and stumbles when it should run. 
good Get ready for a more heated debate than any election season. Is Peter Jackson's ambitious, overblown adaptation worth it, or is it a flagrant attempt to create a cash cow out of a children's book? The answer is yes. 
very_bad If you're going to a see a nearly three-hour movie based on a fraction of a popular book, make it "Lincoln" 
good The film is worthy of both your attention and of the Tolkien legendarium in which Jackson, his actors and his Weta Workshop technical crew are so firmly situated. 
good At nearly three hours long, "An Unexpected Journey" has moments when the caravan seems both overstuffed and out of balance, but it's such a scenic trip that only a stubborn homebody could complain. 
bad It is great to once more be whisked back to Tolkien's extraordinarily vivid world, but Jackson's overstuffed film proves that it is possible to get too much of a good thing. 
very_bad To gaze upon the film, like Frodo staring into that prophetic magic orb, is to be shaken by a dark vision of cinema's future. 
fair A delightfully fun trip back to Middle-earth, even if it fails to justify its overstuffed 160 minute runtime. 
very_bad As entertaining as watching the last bits of ketchup drip out of the bottle. 
fair Bloated...overlong. Even Shakespeare needs editing. 
bad Features terrific performances, stunning action sequences and some state-of-the-art special effects, but it's also far too long ... 
good I'm here to vouch for Jackson, except for the length. 
good Though at two hours, 50 minutes it feels overstuffed, the first "Hobbit" film holds its own thanks to inspired acting and some jaw-dropping technical innovations. 
fair When, in Jackson's film, someone describes a character's "love of gold" as having become "too fierce," you wonder if the warning might apply to "The Hobbit" in other ways. 
bad Often entertaining, especially for those fans who loved The Lord of the Rings and have been waiting years to see more of Tolkien's Middle-earth onscreen. 
very_bad Peter Jackson definitely knows what he's doing. He just didn't do it this time. 
good Does An Unexpected Journey do a satisfactory job bringing audiences back to Middle Earth? The answer is 'yes' - if not as resolutely as I may have hoped - and the film is absolutely worth seeing for this quality alone 
fair [The] elements are in place again, but the story feels less substantial than the Lord of the Rings tales. 
bad Solid and acceptable instead of soaring and exceptional, [and] unnecessarily hampered in its quest to reach the magical heights of the trilogy. 
good "...after seeing The Hobbit I couldn't wait to see it again - projected at 24 frames per second and without 3-D." 
bad It all just takes so long. 
fair I feel like the 48 frames per second took off a full half point of enjoyment, yet I proudly reclaim here as I confidently send movie lovers forth to see "The Hobbit" (in 24 frames, please!). 
best Regardless of the frames, dimensions, or goggles used to conjure it, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is an incredible ride and a triumphant return to Middle Earth. 
good There are people who claim to see no difference between 24 and 48 frame rates, and to them, I'd recommend an unexpected journey to the eye doctor. 
good "The Hobbit" becomes what it was originally meant to be - not a cut-from-the-same-cloth prequel, but its own, individual thing. 
fair [A] dazzling, busy, fundamentally tedious movie ... 
fair It's a shame to see Peter Jackson treading water when there are so many new cinematic horizons worth exploring. 
fair I found that it provided a pretty convincingly immersive experience, and I look forward to the technology's evolution/refinement. Which I guess also means I look forward to the next two installments of the trilogy. 
bad The decision to hit the 12A rating squarely on the head also means that several scenes, particularly those involving Radegast the Brown (Sylvester McCoy) feel added more for their cuteness than content. 
fair In a bit of irony, Bilbo Baggins says at the end of the movie: "I do believe the worst is behind us." We can only hope so. 
good The board is set, the pieces are moving and we're set up nicely for Jackson to tighten the noose with the love of second-act grit he displayed in The Two Towers. 
bad The more dark it becomes, the more 'The Hobbit' becomes compelling as a story, and finds a fitting tone. 
good "The Hobbit" is an impressive first chapter. 
good Even though this installment is mostly a prelude, Jackson's eccentric mixture of low humor, earnest foreboding and digitally processed pageantry is consistently engaging and immersive. 
good Piles on enough eye candy and action sequences to please fans, plus more humor than the three "Rings" films - even if it only occasionally achieves the trio's grandeur. 
bad If Peter Jackson couldn't tell this slight story in a single film there's no hope the other two in this prequel series will be any less bloated. 
good It's easy to spot the padding in this over-long, character-packed, bladder-testing, 162-minute first instalment. But there's still more than enough here to make it a worthy addition to the Oscar-laden fantasy series. 
bad It's a promising start...but where it's going to in the two remaining movies is anybody's guess. 
bad The Hobbit may be a different story to The Lord Of The Rings ... but there is really nothing all that unexpected about this journey. 
very_bad While fans of J.R.R. Tolkien's novels and The Lord of the Rings movies will find plenty to enjoy and marvel over, non-believers may find themselves getting bored and bemused by the unnecessarily drawn-out story. 
fair An Unexpected Journey is a bit ropey, excessive and padded in places, sure, but if that's the worst and the best is yet to come, then this could end up being another great trilogy. 
bad It's not as good as I hoped, but it's also a lot better than I feared. 
good And we're back! Slam bang in Middle-earth as though the Lord of the Rings trilogy never went away, which it didn't. 
good An Unexpected Journey is a competent, entertaining effort but it neither enthralls nor amazes in the way its predecessors did. 
best ( ... )despite plenty of flaws, this new forerunner to JRR Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings is set to have merit on its own terms. It's the most exciting film of 2012. And it's a technological ground breaker, too... 
good The Hobbit plays younger and lighter than Fellowship and its follow-ups, but does right by the faithful and has a strength in Martin Freeman's Bilbo that may yet see this trilogy measure up to the last one. There is treasure here. 
best Peter Jackson returns to the Middle Earth he rendered so faithfully in Lord of the Rings, and it's never looked so glorious. 
best The real triumph of The Hobbit is that Peter Jackson leaves you wanting more. 
fair A tighter hand (and one less film in the mix) may have helped this first film somewhat but there's no doubt that the first step taken on our journey with The Hobbit is an enjoyable and visually stunning one. 
bad Jackson has made The Hobbit with brio and fun, and Martin Freeman is just right as Bilbo Baggins: he plays it with understatement and charm. 
very_bad As a lover of cinema, Jackson's film bored me rigid; as a lover of Tolkien, it broke my heart. 
good Emotionally rewarding, imaginatively detailed and made with a genuine sense of joy, the first Hobbit chapter succeeds despite its structural and formatting mis-steps. 
good Peter Jackson triumphantly returns to Middle Earth with The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. A folksy, beguiling adventure, we get to enjoy the splendor of the story and fantastic settings in a more whimsical experience. 
fair Grandiose and visually spectacular, although the visual effects overwhelm the narrative. 
good An Unexpected Journey has so many pay-offs that most are likely to re-engage with the saga. 
fair Not as immediately captivating as the LOTR trilogy, but it's still a return trip to Middle Earth that's well worth taking. Martin Freeman makes a perfect Bilbo, and Ian McKellen is superb (as always). 
best Peter Jackson's return to swords, sorcery and beards deserving of their own postcodes is fantasy how it ought to be. 
bad This film is pure excess that's almost definitely motivated by studio greed, but it's light entertainment that will please fans, and Andy Serkis damn-near runs away with the film during his exemplary third-act appearance as Gollum. 
fair Tolkien's brisk story of intrepid little hobbit Bilbo Baggins is drawn out and diluted by dispensable trimmings better left for DVD extras. 
bad An Unexpected Journey may as well be The Phantom Menace and God help us all if the next two movies aren't better than this one. 
good Peter Jackson's fourth trip to Middle-earth can't quite recapture the greatness, emotional impact or charm of the LOTR films, but there's still much to enjoy about The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. 
fair A fresh, free-spirited form of fantasy, Jackson's latest provides a younger generation with a stepping stone to his later films while serving the adult's who want more. 
bad Unless your dreams are populated by denizens of Middle Earth, endless footage of them simply talking or walking is a lot less spectacular than Peter Jackson thinks it is. 
good For its occasional moments of excess and unhurried pace, An Unexpected Journey is proof that Jackson still has a knack for stories in this world. 
very_bad Tolkien could invent names and languages, but he couldn't create a plot at gunpoint. 
good This film stands ably on its own, offering up generous piles of large scale fantasy underscored by genuine emotional heft and boundary-pushing visuals. 
bad The movie itself is a lot of fun. And if you can separate yourself from the visual distraction, you'll find plenty to enjoy. 
bad Susan Hayward in an early, sudsy melodramatic peak. 
good [A] fascinating documentary on the Austrian auteur. 
good The interviews may unveil little fresh information, but the shots of Haneke in action offer up minor revelations. 
bad Clips of Haneke at work and of the many controversial films themselves make this an intriguing 70 minutes, if a slightly scary one, particularly when he laughs. 
good A must-see for anyone who admires this director. 
bad Nothing revolutionary here, but a few spellbinding behind the scenes moments. 
good An absorbing and fascinating watch, with remarkable behind-the-scenes footage and insightful interviews with notable stars. 
bad We don't learn much ... about what motivates Haneke, although we learn a lot, through the man and his collaborators, about how he operates when working. 
good An insightful portrait of the Austrian auteur that combines footage of him piecing together scenes from Amour, The White Ribbon and Code Unknown with typically brusque interviews. 
good Journey To Italy is a searing portrait of love turning sour under the Neapolitan sun and a bold adventure in a new kind of filmmaking. 
very_good You might not want to bring along someone you love, because you could end up leaving the theater alone. 
bad If one accepts the narrative simplicity and that the journey is both physical and spiritual, the film offers many rewards. 
good In the end the film magnificently justifies its classic status as an affirmative statement about relationships. 
best There is real greatness in this movie. 
best An influence on everyone from Michelangelo Antonioni to Jacques Rivette, this brave work still stands as a watershed. 
best Rossellini stealthily ushers us towards a sense of heady affirmation so primal that 'romance' isn't a strong enough word for it. 
best Voyage to Italy is the kind of movie that makes those unhappily in love feel understood. And even if that's not you (congratulations), it's still possible to groove on Rossellini's stranger-in-a-strange-land psychodrama. 
best Befitting a filmmaker who defined as well as challenged the definition of Italian neorealism, it unfolds simultaneously as thorny narrative and profoundly personal documentary. 
fair I nearly gave up after an incredibly awkward, self-conscious first five minutes, but eventually writer/director Russell Brown finds his groove and sustains it for a long while. 
bad Brown is never clear enough on how he feels about his own characters. 
very_bad Self-consciously edgy and romantically limp. 
very_bad A wisp of a film, dramatically threadbare, and saddled with a brittle and affected performance by Williams. 
terrible While clocking in at a relatively painless 75 minutes, Brown fails to come up with anything so fresh and bold in his approach as to make a single one of those worth watching. 
best An illuminating glimpse into some of the more challenging complications that contemporary relationships can present. 
bad While the filmmaking shows natural skill, the movie lacks the energy and passion needed to really engage the audience. 
fair You want uncomfortable tales of love and woe, then Race You to the Bottom has what you're looking for. 
best Profound docu explores African-American racial identity. 
best A salute to Timothy Greenfield-Sanders and Elvis Mitchell is in order for producing an innovative series likely to revamp the way in which television studios approach the personal portrait genre. 
good The narrative trots all over the globe, including stops for labor exploitation in the Marianas Islands, dealings with Russian mobsters,ripping off Indian tribes in the desert southwest, and jetting to Scotland to golf with impressionable politicians. 
good There's not much new in Casino Jack and the United States of Money, but it is a lucid, entertaining documentary. 
good You need to see this movie. You need to see it not just from an historical perspective of hypocrisy laid bare, but as a cautionary tale. 
very_good The subject matter is likely to enrage and for all the appropriate reasons. 
good Offers a wide-ranging look at Abramoff's antics, from promoting sweatshops in Saipan to cheating Indian tribes out of casino revenues. 
terrible Picture a dry PowerPoint presentation, divided into chapters with a fade-to-black screen scrawled with cutesy titles. Are we short-changed with this doc? You can bet on it. 
very_good Alex Gibney pulls the same feat he achieved with "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room," making complicated financial chicanery first understandable, then entertaining, then completely maddening. 
very_good Disheartening though, at times, dizzyingly entertaining,.. 
good Abramoff and a few others landed in jail, but there's little joy to be had from this saga, since a long list of other crooks from the Bush-Cheney glory years never served time for their crimes. 
fair A lot of the film is rambling. Points aren't connected very well, and it feels needlessly convoluted. Worse, the tone seems completely inappropriate. If Gibney can't take the subject of human slavery -- in the Marianas islands -- seriously, how can we? 
bad That the film is overlong ultimately testifies to its importance, though after a while, the outrageous details start to run together like surreal satire. Except, of course, that it's all true. 
good Abramoff documentary is appalling, entertaining 
fair You can't make this stuff up, folks. Gibney does a fine job laying it out on the table for what it is. 
bad Gibney laudably launches a withering attack here on the pay-to-play relationship between lobbyists and lawmakers. But this viewer felt withered, too, by the end of his battering ram of a movie. 
good Gibney is a busy boy, and he draws the lines between Abramoff and his friends -- and his friends' friends -- with the documentary equivalent of a highlighter. 
good Casino Jack is designed as an indictment of a whole culture of influence peddling, a Beltway way of life where a pat on the back often comes with a kickback. 
very_good Had someone fire-bombed an annual college-Republicans' meeting in the early 1980s, he would have spared this country a lot of pain and strife. 
fair The picture is briskly edited, and the energy never lags. But the amount of information the viewer is asked to process is voluminous -- and never stops coming. 
bad The snarky tone, use of musical puns and jokey graphics (was Keith Olbermann an executive producer?) undermine the impact of the story. 
fair Invokes as much mild outrage as a presentation of lobbying gone wild can. It's not exactly an earth-shattering revelation. 
good It's a story well told, but Abramoff's voice is missing: Gibney interviewed him in prison but could not film him. You wonder what this sweet-talker might say for himself, looking back over that long, ugly money trail. 
good Those compelled by secrecy in Washington will find a devastating, disturbing examination of political back-scratching. 
good Occasionally drags and offers nothing surprising or new, yet it remains intriguing and provocative thanks to Gibney's easy-to-follow and comprehensive assessment of Abramoff's rise and fall to power. 
fair Entertainingly and usefully ties all the far-flung pieces together to comprehensibly show his consistent pattern of corrupt operations that wasn't the lone rotten apple. 
bad Mr. Abramoff may be in prison, but there are no signs that his kind of high-powered lobbying, which one talking head describes as "legalized bribery," is a thing of the past. 
bad Ultimately, it becomes a Rorschach test of the viewer's cynicism: Does it shock you? You must not live in Washington, read the newspaper or follow politics. Are you horrified? Congratulations, and now wise up. 
good Watching Casino Jack and the United States of Money made me sick to my stomach. 
good Gibney is as good as it gets at making complicated political material come alive on screen. 
good Fascinating viewing as you start to root against the dastardly villains who had more ego than ethics. 
very_bad The big absence here is the man himself; Gibney couldn't get the jailed Abramoff on camera, either due to unwillingness or a Justice Department intervention. Whatever the reason, it's crippling. 
good If the inner workings of Washington, D.C. interest you, especially in terms of how politicians and lobbyists work the system to make money, Gibney's latest can be accepted as a fine addition to his filmography. 
good It makes plain, from the outset, its position as an expose-cum-condemnation of our political system as inherently flawed with regard to the relationship between lobbyists, politicians, and policy. 
good Most of the anecdotes (and there are many) are as juicy and compelling as they are plain-old horrifying. 
terrible Annabelle's problems are legion but let's start with the bait-and-switch hook that promises a killer doll and instead delivers a shadowy gargoyle. 
very_bad Watching Annabelle is like watching a movie you've seen a dozen times before, just with different actors and slight variations on the same scare tactics. 
bad An average kind of horror story, 'Annabelle' is a prequel to the far superior 'The Conjuring' from last year. 
bad ...a slightly above average yet run-of-the-mill ghost story... 
terrible Useless, completely useless: clumsily made and criminally underwritten. 
bad All in all, Annabelle is well-made and contains a few moments that might look great out of context, but its story is too thin to recommend this to anyone but hardcore fans of The Conjuring. 
very_bad It's a few good shock effects and a lot of ho-hum. 
very_bad The demonic doll from The Conjuring gets her own unsubtle, repetitive horror flick. 
terrible Cynical, forgettable and vastly inferior to Curse Of Chucky. 
bad The scares are orchestrated with more flair than usual, even if the best of them are all spoiled in the trailer. 
very_bad The toy in this prequel to agreeable period horror The Conjuring could hardly seem more sinister if it had presented Top of the Pops during the 1970s 
bad With Alfre Woodard as yet another of those hardworking and self-sacrificing movie black women who takes one for the team, 'the team' being affluent, elegant white folks. 
bad Annabelle works reasonably well in the first half, building up a nice sense of impending dread. It borrows heavily from Rosemary's Baby before turning to a by-the-numbers litany of standard shock tactics. 
bad The set-pieces are effectively handled, with a few goose-bump moments along the way, but the story makes no sense whatsoever. 
very_bad This film is very much stock schlock. 
terrible Why would you want a doll looking as ugly as that in your collection in the first place? 
terrible The Polanski rips begin with the obvious (having a couple named Mia and John, as in Farrow and Cassavetes, is about as blatant as you can get) and continue throughout, to an annoying degree. 
very_bad Well acted, slickly produced and will make you jump - such a shame it somehow adds up to less than the sum of its parts. 
very_bad That creepy grinning doll from The Conjuring gets its own origin story in this disappointingly banal supernatural spin-off. 
bad Um passatempo suficientemente divertido para nao comprometer nossas lembrancas do longa original. 
very_bad Annabelle, who takes an hour to stand upright, will go down as the laziest devil-doll in movie history; compared to her, Chucky's a Harvard MBA prospect. 
very_bad A couple of good jumps but this Conjuring spin-off is led down by poor writing, anodyne leads and and overwhelming sense of familiarity. 
bad As the cheap shocks are ramped up, the film's ablility to genuinely disturb recedes. 
very_bad This superfluous prequel is just as needless and unnecessary as it sounds, as what can only be described as a meagre counterpart to its originator. 
very_bad Every expense, basically, has been spared that might have imbued Annabelle with formidable qualities as an agent of evil. She's just a glorified prop, an excuse for bad things to happen to uninteresting people. 
terrible Want to know what's really scary about Annabelle? Its staggering lack of imagination. 
fair Annabelle ranks as one of the most entertaining Hollywood horror outings of the year. 
bad A neatly packaged prequel which is better than it deserves to be thanks to a convincing performance from the aptly named Annabelle Wallis, and a couple of genuinely frightening set-pieces. 
terrible Dull-witted, stiff, and predictable. 
fair ...(just) enough atmosphere and original scares to satisfy your Halloween craving...let's have a REAL case file from the Warrens for the next film installment, shall we? 
fair An excellent prequel to The Conjuring, this frightfest, beautifully directed by John R. Leonetti, takes us back to the early 1970s for an nerve-jangling, first-class haunting stuffed to the gills with old-school spookery. 
terrible A tedious, strictly superficial fright-flick.... 
bad If you can identify with John and Mia-who seem to be named for the actors who played the lead couple in "Rosemary's Baby"-then this is a movie that will have you on edge. 
fair While it's not as well constructed as The Conjuring was, Annabelle still is a lot of fun to watch. 
fair A pleasant surprise at the movies this weekend...and in the household of evil dolls, she wears the pants. 
very_bad Unfortunately, Annabelle can't sustain much tension before fizzling out into a boringly repetitive exercise in rehashed scare tactics. The Conjuring this is not. 
terrible Run! Run for your lives! And don't forget to ask for your money back on the way out! 
very_bad Being startled is not the same as being scared, and speaking on behalf of other hardened critics, I have to say we weren't scared for a moment. 
good Annabelle knows how to play with its toys. 
bad There's real craftsmanship to the film, but it's in service of a story that can't quite support it. 
fair It's far from groundbreaking but offers a few great scares (though some are more "earned" than others"). 
fair It's not in the same league as The Conjuring, which was more agile in its treatment of familiar plot devices, but it's a worthy entry for a chilly October. 
bad Annabelle works up enough frights that you may want to get that doll collection out of the house. 
bad Annabelle doesn't bring a single new idea to the screen, and most of the scares are of the jump-shock variety. But some of the old standbys still work. 
very_bad As undistinguished, uninteresting, and unscary as the worst of the Chucky films. 
terrible It offers surface level scares without the undercurrent of humanity needed to make them register. 
good If you're sighing heavily at the thought of yet another stupid horror movie involving an evil doll, here's a pleasant surprise: Annabelle is actually rather decent at raising the goose bumps. 
terrible Just a low-budget quickie designed to cash-in and cash-out. Nothing you haven't seen a million times before. 
bad Ninety-plus minutes later, we're still waiting to see why this creepy doll deserves her own horror franchise. 
very_bad Like all horror movies, it starts with a really dumb premise. No one I know would buy a doll that ugly and put it in a newborn's bedroom. The movie goes downhill from there. 
very_bad Laughworthy bumps in the night, creaky rocking chairs, a demon-infested basement and more gliding baby carriages than an '80s De Palma film. 
terrible You have to expect a certain camp factor when the movie is about a haunted doll. They should have embraced it, owned it and exploited it. 
very_bad Director John R. Leonetti photographed 'The Conjuring,' and he brings the same prowling, creeping camerawork to bear on an even less credible spook tale. 
bad A haunted doll movie that aspires to class, with means both legitimate and dodgy. 
fair [P]erhaps the movie's biggest surprise is that it isn't entirely pointless. 
very_bad Leonetti's prequel is about as lifeless and wooden as the Annabelle doll herself, despite trying to mimic James Wan every step of the way. 
very_bad In horror, there really is nothing new left to discover under the devil moon, so the secret to startling audiences, or at least raising hairs on the backs of necks, lies in deft direction and editing, both missing here. 
bad Where "The Conjuring" was more of a full meal. "Annabelle" just leaves you hungry for more. 
bad once it establishes its patterns, it becomes as predictable as Hollywood's desire to spin The Conjuring's $300 million box office into a franchise 
very_bad It's all a far cry from James Wan's The Conjuring, which embraced the thrill of the paranormal even as it respected its frazzled, earthbound characters. 
fair Each time a character gets tossed in the air by some manifestation or another, the effect is cheesy. Still, I've seen worse. 
terrible A vortex of visual cliches beyond rescue. 
bad At the end of the day Annabelle is not a bad movie... it's just not a very good one. 
fair While the film isn't clever or original, it is reasonably scary, especially when it knocks off the preliminaries and gets to the good stuff. 
very_bad The story is a mishmash of demonic possession, Satanic killings, machines suddenly switching on and off and vacantly-staring figurines. It's more familiar than frightening. And the human actors are no more compelling than the poker-faced dolls. 
very_bad Not only does Annabelle lack the qualities that made the original Conjuring frightfully realistic, this preposterous prequel presents people so deprived of personality and perception that you almost root for the demons. 
bad Serviceable, but not particularly memorable. 
very_bad "Annabelle" is so lazily coat-tailing on Roman Polanski, they should have called it "Rosemary's Barbie." 
bad The movie tries to be more than just a creepy doll freakout, and delivers the requisite scares. 
good Surprisingly effective, this horror movie knows how to build real suspense and then pay it off with great scares. 
terrible It has its unnerving moments, but they're outweighed by the sheer stupidity and predictability of the story. 
bad It's not quite on the same level as The Conjuring (one of the scariest films in recent memory), but it's also far from the cash grab, low-rent spin-off that it could have been. 
bad Annabelle deserved a story of her own, not one stitched together from the carcasses of others. 
good Not only withholds the dignity of "The Conjuring," but actually surpasses that film's fiendish parade of frights. For horror enthusiasts in search of a serious tingle in their spines, "Annabelle" delivers in spades. 
very_bad Wan made Annabelle creepy in just a few short minutes; Leonetti takes an entire feature to make her uninteresting. 
bad Annabelle drifts away from these potentially interesting elements into a more predictable collage of frights, demons and flickering lights, a grab bag of set pieces, red herrings and familiar occult tropes that never add up to much. 
bad Old fashioned, old school, passively-acted with the simplest of effects. But frightening? Surprisingly, yes. 
very_bad More stupefying than scary, Annabelle takes whatever promise there was of a Conjuring franchise and flushes it down the bowels of Hell with its uninspired direction and wooden performances. 
bad Ultimately it is the awareness of a true story - both terrible and inspiring - lurking beneath the clever artifice that allows Noble to surge. 
bad O'Kane is alright in a film that's solid rather than spectacular, but Sarah Greene is quite exceptional as the 20-something Noble, and seems bound for bigger things. 
good A moving, dramatic, harrowing and funny story about a quite remarkable woman. 
bad Neither as complex or grand as LOTR nor as accessible as Potter; still, if you can overlook the arch moralising, this is fine kids escapism. 
good Because it is a children's story about children it is occasionally a bit precious, but only occasionally. For the most part it is an extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience. 
good Timeless classic faithfully rendered. 
bad A slow, cold first half is followed by a lively, sunny second half. 
fair The bigger the scope gets, the less we really care. 
fair Certainly a feast for the eyes; once the story moves to Narnia, the film is never dull to look at. 
bad It's an enjoyable adaptation and good enough for us to welcome this new franchise. 
good My guess is that [it] will appeal to all of us in need of a jab of earnest, old-fashioned moralism to save the day 
very_bad Aslan = Jesus. Now you don't have to buy a ticket. 
very_good ...an engaging and visually-stimulating adaptation of the first book of Lewis' immortal seven-part Narnia series. 
best . 
fair There's something giddily entertaining about watching married beavers bickering--without the usual Disney attempt at cuteness. 
best Chronicles, with its wonderful sense of adventure and fast-paced storytelling, is among the best films of 2005. 
bad The odds are quite good that you'd exit the movie theatre pretty much disappointed. 
very_good ...a fascinating, visually compelling, and totally engrossing rendering of a well-loved classic. 
bad If the film has one outstanding characteristic, it is that it creates a genuinely palpable alternative universe, made all the more meaningful because it supposedly exists on the backside of our own. 
bad Si uno esta dispuesto a atravesar el ropero de la imaginacion, Narnia puede ser una magnifica aventura llena de magia, emocion y fantasia. 
good The world of Narnia looks exactly as I had imagined it as a child. 
fair This PG-rated movie feels safe and constricted in a way the story never does on the page. It leaves out the deep magic of a good movie, or a good sermon: the feeling that something vital is at stake. 
good ...effectively replicates the experience of reading Lewis' book. 
good The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a fable that captures a fully realized landscape of honor, love, sacrifice, betrayal and forgiveness 
very_good Brilliant child actors eomtionally sell an effects-heavy but seamless and true adaptation of the beloved book. 
bad The film is unfortunately uneven, with great moments followed by not-so-great moments. 
good Viewers who enjoyed the LOTR threepeat should find similar compensations in this less ambitious undertaking. 
bad Shooting in New Zealand is only one way in which this film mimics THE LORD OF THE RINGS. But somehow one never really cares much for the four children who generally just do the obvious. 
bad All the CGI in the world can't distract you from the idea that it's all a little bit silly, a children's story that works better on the page. 
good Long may it roar. 
very_bad Bloated, bland, boring stuff. 
very_bad What movie would Jesus see this holiday season? God help us if it's The Chronicles of Narnia ... I'm surprised Mel Gibson wasn't hired to guest-direct the crucifixion scene. 
very_bad A lackluster screen adaptation of Lewis' novel. 
best A wonderful excursion that's alive with the imagination of fantasy literature and in tune with the beating heart of family cinema. 
fair Neither as clever as Harry Potter nor as epic as Lord of the Rings, but for the children's story it is, Narnia works. 
very_good It's easy to dispense with the religious undertones and simply have a grand time drinking in the adventure. 
bad This and "The Polar Express," side by side at your multiplex for many Decembers to come. 
fair The spectacle is worth seeing on the big screen and the story is timeless. 
bad The central conflict lacks the depth needed to articulate what is truly at stake; the characters are inadequately developed; and the story is little more than a heavy-handed Christian allegory. 
very_good Behold the vision of Narnia! 
good A faithful and exultant rendering of the classic children's fable. Bring on Prince Caspian! 
best It is exciting, a bit scary, offers some touches of humor and brings home a positive message about family, trust and faith. 
fair In some ways it is a very good picture, yet it also should have been better than it is...You can feel The Chronicles of Narnia trying too hard to be the Next Big Thing. 
bad Leave it to the Bible to spoil a perfectly fine fantasy epic. 
good The special effects are phenomenal, looking amazingly authentic. 
best Narnia is a visually stunning, and very touching film for the family. 
very_bad As a broadside across the bow of Lord Jackson and his rampaging WETAns, this is a puny shot. And I'm still hungry. 
good Narnia may thrill younger viewers but leave older ones wanting. 
good If The Lord of the Rings is a shot of whiskey, then The Chronicles of Narnia is a glass of milk. 
very_good It entertains on all levels with a skillful blending of story and incredible visual effects. 
very_bad Ultimately, the story is too lazy. 
fair It's not as good as its competitors, which in this day and age is hard to do. 
good The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe is a rich and enjoyable cinematic treat. 
good The biggest disappointment is Liam Neeson's voicing of Aslan, which has all the warmth and command of a public information film. 
fair "You'll believe a beaver can talk! 
good El mundo creado por el autor, es recreado aqui de forma soberbia y majestuosa. 
very_bad Descrever este filme como um O Senhor dos Aneis para criancas acabaria sendo uma ofensa tanto para a trilogia comandada por Peter Jackson quanto para os espectadores infantis. 
fair The kids are disastrous, except for Henley. Her irresistible crooked grin is a triumph over British dentistry. She makes Dakota Fanning look like a calculating android. 
good The climactic clash of zoological and mythological combatants is the stuff of my childhood fantasies made digitally simulated flesh: It's like 'Doctor Dolittle' as reimagined by Robert E. Howard. 
good For sheer entertainment value, and the painless imparting of values about family, loyalty and bravery, this lion in winter roars loudly. 
good It's a ripping yarn, full of narrow escapes, talking animals, marvelous sights and magical happenings that lead up to an epic battle between good and evil. The extensive CGI work is well used and the children are exceptionally well cast. 
best It's a work of profound ambition, and, in adapting it for the screen, the makers of The Chronicles of Narnia don't shy away from its demands. 
good The Chronicles of Narnia is off to an impressive start as another classic of myth and fable comes to entertaining life on the big screen. 
fair Swinton and McAvoy, not to mention the legions of Lewis fans, deserved better than this. This is a not-so-promising start for what could become a classic series, given better scripts and more competent directors. 
bad The hard-core may experience the thrill of recognition. But the rest of us can be forgiven a perfectly appropriate giggling fit. 
good Rarely has there been such a seamless blending of digital creations and live actors. ...a classy kick-off to what should be a highly rewarding series of fantasies. 
good It can be a good thing, St. Paul tells us, to put away childish things. But it is sometimes an even better thing to pick them up again. 
good I mean 'childlike' in the best sense, evoking a sense of awe and innocence in the face of challenges. This is art as well as entertainment and it operates at a sophisticated level. 
good As the rare offering that plays well to the entire family it's a welcome addition to this holiday season. 
good It's quite an array of fantastic visions that Adamson and the animators had to create, and the very scope and depth of their mission is impressive. 
fair Adamson seems more comfortable with animated characters than real ones. 
good The result is mostly engaging, but rarely soars or sings with imagination, poetry, whimsy or the sort of surprise that can take your breath away. 
good It's a sturdy adaptation, and if The Chronicles of Narnia: the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe doesn't capture the magic of C.S. Lewis' books, it comes a fair sight close to catching it. 
fair Is, and was probably specifically designed, to be Lord of the Rings-Lite 
good To its credit and power, the film allows them a reach that exceeds any one religion's grasp. 
bad One only wishes the movie had been rendered more artfully. The dialogue is impossibly clunky, the characters are completely one-dimensional, and the magic is all too mechanized to allow anyone over the age of 8 or 9 to believe in Narnia. 
bad It's more yawn-inspiring than awe-inspiring, especially for those who haven't read the book. 
best What constant magic it works. 
fair It's allegorical and imaginative, although literary subtlety is lost to the patently obvious. 
good The obvious comparison is to 'Lord of the Rings' -- but when Peter Jackson creates the most awe-inspiring battle scene since Kurosawa, the bar is too high for Andrew Adamson. 
very_good The Chronicles of Narnia so vividly captures the magic of the book that Harry Potter might just want to watch his back. 
good A loving interpretation of C.S. Lewis's beloved parable for children, and it's almost perfect in every detail. 
best Enchantment, adventure, sly humor, the beauty of the seasons, life lessons about responsibility, family and sacrifice all co-exist in this film in splendid harmony. The filmmakers have created a classic. 
good Adamson's touch is rather pedestrian, as if he didn't have the confidence to let Lewis' tale soar. 
good The filmmakers make many compromises in the name of epic scope and box office appeal, but they can't bend this story out of shape, and they have Tilda Swinton on hand to spank anyone who tries. 
good ...a pleasant and safe cinematic experience for the whole family. 
bad 4. Oreius and the rest of the centaurs break into a rousing rendition of "Day by Day" to motivate the troops. 
good The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe fares much better in its smaller, quieter moments that test the mettle and morality of its young heroes 
good The Chronicles of Narnia does indeed capture a certain wondrous, fantastical imagination inspired by C.S. Lewis' literary classics. But the film unfortunately also suffers from Lord of the Rings envy. 
very_good Tilda Swinton... may be the scariest witch since Margaret Hamilton in The Wizard of Oz. 
good On balance, more of the movie works than doesn't, but this isn't 140 minutes of unqualified successes. 
good An extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience with a spiritual message, but is content to work on several levels. 
bad Enjoyable adaptation that looks fantastic and stays remarkably faithful to the novel, though it wobbles occasionally during the emotional scenes. 
good There is no one better than Tilda Swinton to play the White Witch. 
good There's plenty to like. 
bad The fantasy aspect is merely a vehicle for another purpose, [and] it underdevelops character motives as a result. 
very_bad The Chronicles of Narnia proves, sometimes, talking animals are not funny. Sometimes, they are waging a holy war, and Santa Claus is giving kids weapons for Christmas. 
fair By the end of Narnia, I felt like I was retaught a lesson I had long since learned instead of living the dream of a new discovery. Suitable in that there are clearly no small metaphors, only small movies about those metaphors. 
bad Whenever it allows the whimsy of its source material to shine through, it takes on a pleasant life of its own. 
very_bad There's no hideous beast or CGI landscape rendered here that can compare with what lurks in the mind of even the dullest, least imaginative child. 
fair The Chronicles of Narnia is not a bad fantasy film. It's just not a great one. 
good This honorable adaptation of C. S. Lewis's novel has much of the power and charm of the source. 
very_good It achieves an overall epic sweep most movies don't even dare to attempt. 
fair That's not to say this Wardrobe isn't worth climbing into. Only that along with the dollops of delight, a bit of disappointment awaits on the other side. 
good Grown-up children who remember our own travels in Narnia will find that many of the details resonate beautifully. 
good The Chronicles of Narnia is a faithful rendering of a magical tale that should hold adults' attention and delight young moviegoers. 
good A grandly successful fantasy. Practically flawless casting, bewitching storytelling and impressive visual effects bring the beautiful, troubled land of Narnia to life. 
fair Overlong, poorly paced and woodenly acted. 
best A generation-spanning journey that feels both comfortingly familiar and excitingly original. 
best Andrew Adamson, the director of the Shrek movies, clearly feels great affection for the book and has taken pride in living up to the source. 
bad Watching The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is like being told a terrific story by a so-so storyteller. 
very_good This Lion is king. 
bad It tells Lewis' story, which has its share of sticky and ponderous aspects, in a predictable, visually cautious way. You keep waiting to be transported, yet in cinematic terms, the transportation never arrives. 
fair Too much, too nice, too boring. 
good The effects in this movie are so skillful that the animals look about as real as any of the other characters. 
very_good This movie cannot be dismissed, like preachy 'Christian films,' as religious propaganda. ... It is best enjoyed as a symphonic and delightful fantasy. 
good Adamson ushers us into Narnia with an unexpected feel for realism and honest characterization, which works both for and against the film. 
best ...manages to at once unleash Lewis' grandiose fantasy and corral it. 
bad Hoping for franchise success by visual association with other movies, no matter how great the mimicry, steals too much heart and spirit from this beloved children's classic. 
fair Populated with talking beavers and mythological creatures that, cast in a Christian parable, should probably watch their asses. 
bad This almost-epic adventure directed by Andrew Adamson ("Shrek") is nothing to cringe at even if it does have flaws. 
good Praise Aslan! 
fair Lord of the Rings and Passion of the Christ in one movie. Narnia (the film) exceeds LOTR (the film) in character expression and depth, but drags some in pace. 
good Magical and marvelous ... cross between the story of Jesus and The Lord of the Rings. 
very_bad A bloated, cumbersome, overlong misfire. 
good Though Adamson lacks Lewis' storytelling confidence...The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe still comes across as a quirkily diverting children's entertainment. 
bad The film wishes it was Lord of the Rings. It's not. Where's the thrill that leaves you waiting for Prince Caspian? Nowhere. 
very_good for those children old enough to endure the violence, this is a masterpiece of fantasy literature come to life 
good Lewis' fantasy is beautifully realised in a vast array of colourful characters and majestic scenery. 
good The movie remains faithful to the book in both tone and imagery. 
bad A brave attempt, if a little on the safe side. 
good It doesn't just live up to its source material, it surpasses it by finding nuances in the story that C.S. Lewis didn't. 
bad A visually impressive adaptation of C. S. Lewis's classic tale, which unfortunately slights the forgiveness theme in favor of a big battle scene led by a not-very-Christlike Aslan the lion. 
bad To say that it's all more than a bit simplistic and heavy-handed would be a severe understatement. 
bad For a journey into a mystical land, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is oddly awkward and stale. 
fair The filmmakers have gone for broke, combining spectacular imagery and rousing energy. Although it's perhaps a bit overdone. 
good After his splash with the hit animataion Shrek, Adamson makes an ambitious leap with his big-screen adaptation of Lewis' beloved book, a special-effects fare that succeeds in keeping its intimate family tale. 
best Nothing short of wondrous! 
best Jaw-droppingly insane...a film that makes criticism moot. 
very_good Not only are the characters in The Last Days of Disco embarrassingly earnest about their love for spectacular nightclubs and thumping dance music, but they're also completely transparent about their desires, even when they think they're being clever. 
good If it had been Stillman's swan song, a director could hardly hope to be prouder of such a strong exit. 
fair Stillman skips the snark in favor of a sincere appreciation of his slightly lost characters. 
good Stilillman pulls off a unique balancing act of conveying the specificities of the cultural milieu but also maintaining a sense of universality that keeps the film from being solely about its time and place 
best The focus of The Last Days of Disco is a psychologically authentic and painfully parasitic female relationship. 
bad Solid period piece with good dialogue. Standard relationship stuff, but well done. 
fair Mr. Stillman more or less saves the movie with Josh, a sweet, muddled guy who deserves better friends than he has in this movie. 
bad Offers little beyond the usual Stillman prattle. 
good Sharp-eyed and charming. 
good The film is enjoyable .. because of that great dialogue, good performances by the leads, and a great soundtrack. 
bad For a film about the flame-out of a flashy era, The Last Days of Disco is just too languid and verbose. 
bad In its last hour, the picture becomes more clumsy and tiresome, but the stray laugh and the disco sound keep it pulsing. 
bad Even the most promising characters turn out to be shallow and often hateful, their stories meander interminably. 
bad For the most part it's completely forgettable. 
very_bad Trouble is, the dancing is usually more interesting than the pretentious things these characters have to say. 
good A conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from its director, Whit Stillman. 
good A fascinating film to watch, whether you were a supporter of 'the disco movement', or one who cheered when it died. 
good The combination of sharply-realized dialogue and infectiously energetic dance sequences keeps The Last Days of Disco from losing steam. 
very_good [Stillman] nails his characters with perfectly heard dialogue and laconic satire. 
good Stillman has created an affectionate, original and highly memorable tribute to a bygone age. 
good The fun cast and Stillman's clever writing make this admittedly slow-moving and talky film a pleasure to listen to and lovely to look at. 
bad Despite the almost total lack of action, the film is engaging and often funny. 
good The film comes alive with its wonderfully complex, intellectual humor that is so dense and fast-paced that it might take several viewings to catch it all. 
fair In spite of itself -- in spite of Stillman -- this is a lively and often endearing entertainment. 
good Talky and uneven but often funny romantic comedy. 
good To his fans (color me guilty), Stillman is like a sardonic Anton Checkov, a man to whom dialogue and repressed emotion are everything. 
good A very entertaining film, thanks to an appealing cast ... and those wordy discussions. 
best Shows that Stillman has finally found out how to make his characters totally lovable, and surprisingly more sympathetic. 
fair If this film ... doesn't fully rise to the lovely vibrancy of Barcelona, it still extends the witty, quizzical style of Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain. 
bad The performances are nice but I don't think there's enough substance there in either of these people and I actually didn't believe the chemistry between them. 
fair In the end it's the love story that counts and it's a beautifully acted and surprisingly touching relationship. 
bad Summer Coda is disappointing, an under-nourished, spasmodically involving melodrama set largely amid the orange groves of Mildura in rural Victoria. 
terrible The themes of loss and moving on are sincere, but way too laboured. Angus Sampson brightens proceedings briefly as one of the fruit pickers -- will somebody please write a comedy lead for this guy? -- but otherwise it's an emotionally flat affair. 
bad he bucolic rhythms of life in the orange grove have a lot of allure. It's Eden on the Murray and if you sit back and let its glories wash over you, you'll find a lot here to like. 
terrible Nice scenery, shame about the movie. 
fair This is an extremely enjoyable film that will seduce audiences with its blend of appealing characters, glorious locations and an intelligent story about loss and love. 
terrible For those unfortunate enough to be locked in a room with this film, look out for Isabel Lucas' eyewatering recreation of the famous dance scene from Flashdance, for anyone else, take heart in staying away from A Heartbeat Away. 
very_bad In its lofty ambition to reach the heights of Baz Luhrman inspired fantasy, A Heartbeat Away ends up becoming the worse type of Australian bred fantastical farce. 
terrible Unspeakably bad...This film will do nobody any good and should not have been released. 
terrible According to our hipster hero, you can't get more sonically 2011 than Red Hot Chili Peppers. So in the spirit of such whip-smart with-it-ness, a message to all involved with the making of A Heartbeat Away: give it away, give it away, give it away, NOW! 
bad It smells like desperation to me. 
bad It's very clunky and very cliched. 
terrible Not only does [Edwards'] approach fail, it nosedives into terminal velocity, rendering A Heartbeat Away an annoying, close to distressing, viewing experience. 
bad So determined that audiences will love it that it falls into the trap of feel-good cliches. 
terrible Seriously: you have no idea how badly you need to make sure you and your loved ones stay away from this. 
terrible Painfully dull. 
bad Lots of untittilating nudity 
fair Of course it's completely ridiculous, but at the same time it has a certain disarming charm. 
terrible Truly forgettable, except for Bo's booty 
very_bad To describe the film as inept would be to miss the point, which is to present Mrs. Derek in as many different poses, nude and seminude, as there are days of the year, all in something less than two hours. 
terrible Silliness abounds, so much so that the picture comes off closer to a comedy than the romantic action-adventure it was meant to be. 
terrible This cinematic atrocity truly is one of the all-time worsts. 
terrible not even funny as modern irony 
very_bad Nice to look at, but dear Lord... 
terrible about as erotic as a Shirley Temple musical 
fair I don't think anyone would argue that 'Catch Me If You Can' is one of Spielberg's best films. However, it is good enough and passes a pleasant couple of hours. 
best Excellent account of FBI's youngest Most Wanted. 
very_good This amiably light-footed chase gets the job done. 
best The movie is a good time. It not only produces happiness, it is happy. 
very_good a future classic 
bad Has Steven Spielberg lost it? 
good ...the film would've been vastly improved had it been trimmed down to 90 minutes. 
very_good The stylish, cartoon-like opening credits reminded me of the snazzy beginnings of the Peter Sellers-Pink Panther movies. 
best One of Spielberg's finest pieces of storytelling. Helps make up for A.I. 
very_good In a holiday season characterized by heavy cinematic fare, Stephen Spielberg has concocted a frothy trifle. 
bad Is this a light-hearted romp? Is this a psychological drama? Is it a thriller? Can it be all three? Not quite, Sort of. Uh Uh. And dear lord no. 
good What could have been a great film is merely a good one, by way of forsaking the gritty details for directorial sleight of hand. 
best This is a delectable film indeed. 
good Gracas as interacoes entre seus personagens, o filme torna-se nao apenas uma historia divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguicao, mas tambem um belo estudo de personagens. 
bad After the bigger questions of AI and Minority Report, Spielberg is back having fun. 
best Spielberg's candy-colored tale of cons in the swingin' past is a blast of fun with a surprising amount of heart. 
best This movie got me grinning. There's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something. 
good Regardless of the outrageous elements of the plot, the talented people involved with this film made it into an enjoyable one. 
good A fitting dessert to Spielberg's preceeding entree and main course of A.I. and Minority Report, and one hell of a ride. 
best Spielberg being Spielberg, he's surrounded himself with the best that money can buy, from the superb cast to the characteristically superb score by John Williams, and the result is his most purely enjoyable film in ages. 
very_good 'De manufactura impecable, nostalgica y muy entranable, es sin duda uno de los mejores filmes en la carrera de Spielberg.' 
good By the end of the film, you'll understand why Tom Hanks needed to play the cop and the steps toward acting maturity Leonardo DiCaprio has already managed to take. 
bad Spielberg's movie is fine entertainment, but John Williams has lost the sense of adventure in his scores. 
good Spielberg rediscovers his sense of fun with this funny, frivolous con caper. 
very_good an entertaining ode to the power of persuasion, something a master filmmaker like Spielberg knows a thing or two about 
very_good Fueled by a wonderful performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, Catch Me If You Can is a lighthearted yet heart-wrenching look at the making of a truly brilliant, if somewhat reluctant, con artist. 
best Some may discount "Catch Me If You Can" as frivolous, but I believe it is an expertly-made popcorn film alive with energy, style, momentum and heart. It maintains a gripping balance between comedy and drama 
fair While less Oscar, and more MTV, for Steven Spielberg, Catch Me if You Can is still a delicious serving of comedy, romance and thrills -- I'm sure you'll be begging for more. 
good Catch Me if You Can is one of those deceptively slight offerings that manages to reveal more about its maker than the intended masterpieces often do. 
bad What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes. 
very_good With its extended epilogue, the film feels about a half-hour too long, but the story is so good and there are so many fabulous set pieces that you can't imagine leaving anything out. 
good Slick as a salesman and shallow as a kiddie pool, it's more interested in the con than the consequences. 
good A picture that's good enough to make you ignore a few flaws. 
bad Most of the film is an extended chase, with Abagnale always one clever step ahead, and it's tense, good fun, if a tad underdeveloped. 
fair Catch Me If You Can's shiny wrapping paper of clever counterfeit schemes, pretty girls and fairytale cinematography belies the larger, richer themes that attracted such heavyweight talent to the project. 
fair Leo was born to play this part. There's something about him that makes me want to smack him when he smiles his big, ingratiating smile. 
best Like last year's Ocean's 11, Catch Me If You Can is reminiscent of Golden Age blockbusters: flashy, glitzy and fun. 
bad The cinematic version of a pastel-colored cocktail diluted with crushed, crackling ice and capped by a petite parasol. 
good ...a roller-coaster ride of a movie 
fair Catch Me if You Can would have been the best example of entertainment as an art form in the past decade if not for Spielberg's daddy issues hijacking the plot. 
very_good Spielberg gives the movie the snappy, glitzy gusto of his early chase films, The Sugarland Express and 1941. It's refreshingly lacking in the heavy nobility he injected into The Color Purple and nearly every film since. 
fair Spielberg directs a lower profile film than his usual fare, but one that is a pleasure to take in and be taken in. 
good Une intrigue fascinante presentee avec legerete et charme. 
very_good This is a movie with just about everything going for it: great acting, solid direction, and a story you won't soon forget. 
good Catch Me If You Can is impeccably made, wonderfully performed and enjoyable (if overlong), though it never actually gets a grasp on the brass ring. 
very_good [Spielberg] manages to subtly mark his own evolution within this grandly entertaining movie. 
good It's Spielberg with the message turned off, a jaunty two hours and 20 minutes that returns the director to his first love: blissfully pure cinematic fun. 
very_good In director Spielberg's charming and effervescently nostalgic adventure Catch Me If You Can, the nifty chase is definitely on. 
good Diving for depths that are not there, ... Spielberg only manages to con himself that they are. 
bad Though there's certainly nothing wrong with seeing these cinematic titans take a breather and kick back for a change, it still would have been nice to see them break a little sweat. 
good The movie is engaging and well acted, though, and the Pink Panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission. 
good Catch Me If You Can is premium Spielberg working on cylinders that haven't been fired in years. It's worth a look just for that alone. 
very_good Production designer Jeannine Oppewall and Mr. Spielberg's favorite cinematographer Janusz Kaminski capture a near-flawless palette of period looks from the '50s and '60s. 
good It's more amusing than hilarious, more cute than inspired, but there's just too much talent on and off the screen for it to fail. 
good Wicked cute but alas super long. 
best The most enjoyable and fun film this holiday season! 
very_good While the critical consensus is that Catch Me If You Can is not one of Spielberg's 'major works,' it's also his least flawed and most purely entertaining movie in a decade. 
best Movies like this are what make it so fun to go to the cinema. 
best Spielberg slips in social commentary between Abagnale's prodigious feats of lawlessness & capitalizes on the glee of watching someone beat the system. 
very_good Does a good job of establishing a time and place, and of telling a fascinating character's story. 
best Spielberg doesn't automatically make great movies because he's a great director; he's a great director because he has the ability to make great movies. Catch Me If You Can is one of them. 
very_good Spielberg's breeziest work in years. 
fair A fun, fluffy, harmless, good-time movie ideal for the X-Mas holidays... 
terrible Spielberg had one more thing to prove as a director, and that was to see how much money a humdrum film could gross with his name attached, along with two big stars collaborating in his droll experiment in tedium. 
very_good Catch Me If You Can is more than a cat-and-mouse chase film. For underlying the feature is a feeling of despair and loss. 
good A terrifically engaging film with a plot that would be utterly ludicrous if not based on fact. 
best A truly crowd-pleasing picture, with more great scenes than in most TWO movies. 
fair Offers mild fun but never as much as its animated '60s-retro opening credits portend. 
bad The whole lighter-than-air lark whizzes by like a brisk, kandy-kolored dream of the 1960s. 
bad [Spielberg's] frothiest and most fun movie in years. 
very_good The movie's title serves as a fitting recommendation. Catch it if you can. 
very_good Ultimately about fathers and sons -- but it's also about the pleasures of telling a good story, with retro charm to spare. 
good Fun, lively and meticulously crafted from start to finish. 
good The colorful cinematography, smart performances and brisk tempo suggest a filmmaker subordinating every other impulse to the task of manufacturing pleasure. 
good The most free-spirited and pleasingly adult entertainment Steven Spielberg has made in decades. 
good It's fun for a while, a lot of fun, but it should have ended while it was ahead. 
best The film is easily the most light-hearted movie from Spielberg in more than a decade -- and the season's most entertaining light fare. 
very_good A true-blue delight. 
good Fleet-footed and fun, if a mite too long. 
good Spielberg knows that he has a great yarn here, and he's not about to let anything -- not even his own virtuoso style, which can elsewhere be effectively glitzy -- get in the way. 
very_good A very adult, very funny, very well-acted daydream that should delight just about anyone who's ever been asked for picture ID. 
good A breathless, amusing caper flick anchored by strong performances from Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. 
very_good The lightest, most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade. And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him. 
best This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful, incisive meditation on the way we were, and the way we are. 
good DiCaprio gives a radiant, movie-star performance. 
best Full of fun and verve, with ample battery power supplied by its handy helmsman. 
good The story is a good story, directly told, and such meaning as it has comes from the irony that the only person who completely appreciates Abagnale's accomplishments is the man trying to arrest him. 
very_good A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people. 
very_good The most charming of Mr. Spielberg's mature films, because is it so relaxed. 
good You won't find a movie that's more fun this season -- but at 2-1/2 hours, it's probably too much of a good thing. 
very_good The marzipan nature of the tale flatters Spielberg's best instincts, and he deftly parries our inclination to regard the tale with a grain of salt in ways that bring out its inherent sweetness. 
good The movie feels like the work of a filmmaker who has earned himself a break. Because it's Spielberg, the audience gets to share in the party. 
bad For all his genre-hopping and shape-shifting Spielberg seems to have become too big to tell small stories, which is one reason why the film sputters on one too many false endings. 
good Leonardo DiCaprio is perfectly cast. He oozes a stiff martini blend of larcenous charm and lonely-boy vulnerability. 
best A wily cat-and-mouse comedy that's as suspenseful as it is funny. 
good Dances across the screen with the effortless grace of Fred Astaire and the sexy provocation of Ginger Rogers. 
good A nice, light treat. 
good Affirms the gifts of all involved, starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together. 
good The film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale's antics. 
good Mindful in many ways of Spielberg's very first feature, the good-natured fugitives-on-the run drama The Sugarland Express. 
good A breezy, diverting, conventional, well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat. 
very_good Hands-down, the most entertaining of this holiday season's fare. 
very_good The best time Spielberg has provided moviegoers since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. 
good It's a technically superb film, shining with all the usual Spielberg flair, expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team. 
good Never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-called 'comedies' found in multiplexes these days. 
very_good Spielberg becomes a Sinatra with this one, asking us to do nothing more than snap our fingers and come fly with him. 
fair With its inventive story, eclectic cast, and authentic period feel, Catch Me should fly by but doesn't. 
good "Catch Me" feels capable of charming the masses with star power, a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark. 
best Fascinatingly, Catch Me If You Can resembles Hitchcock's self-mocking self-awareness - a canny satire of American culture and cinema, and, shockingly, a slyly autobiographical auto-critique. 
best This is DiCaprio's best performance in anything ever, and easily the most watchable film of the year. 
very_good One of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while, Leo has great fun in the role. 
best Steven Spielberg's best movie in at least a decade. 
very_good Overall the movie is a fun ride and an interesting tale about the life of one of America's greatest con men. 
fair A slick little chase movie, with two huge stars having a grand time. 
very_good Kick the hobbit and grab hold of Catch Me If You Can as soon as you can. 
best Steven Spielberg has always has a fascination with the Peter Pan boy who never grew up; he drops this one into the splashy clothes, cars, and high style of the early 1960s. 
good I don't care if the film received a Ron Howard-esque saccharine shellacking, simply because it isn't a by-the-numbers bore. 
best Gotcha! 
best This rebellious rogue's skewed survival game is a cinematic winner. The astonishing cat-and-mouse chase offers sheer escapist entertainment, emerging as one of by 10 BEST Movies of 2002. 
fair A great time at the movies and certainly a film well worth catching if you can. 
very_good Spielberg winningly recaptures the capers of a Butch-Cassidy-style rogue whose charm earns him audience smiles. 
good The chase is fun, amusing, and hosts a good sense of humor. For the most part, this "True Story" is believable with the inclusion of several Spielbergisms. 
bad The violence is excessive and the plot predictable, although there is some style to director Winner's approach. 
fair A compulsively watchable bit of '70s nostalgia, a curious counterpart to Dirty Harry and an icon of New York-brand justice. 
very_bad It's a despicable movie, one that raises complex questions in order to offer bigoted, frivolous, oversimplified answers. 
good The movie has an eerie kind of fascination, even though its message is scary. 
bad Solid if morally suspect revenge thriller. 
bad Somewhat enjoyable right-wing revenge flick. 
good Chilling revenge pic that retains every bit of its power to disturb. 
good First (and easily the best) dark adventure of vigilante Paul Kersey. 
good Even those who disagree with its knee-jerk vigilante ideology have a hard time denying its impact because the film digs deep and works on an almost subconscious level. 
good Sumptuously photographed and scored, the movie is an excellent capsule of '70s filmmaking -- thrilling, thought provoking and sending us off with a wink at the end. 
good A minor classic that surpasses all expectations. 
best Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances. 
best As welcome as a cooling gelato on a hot summer's day. 
best A lovely film. 
bad Hepburn represents all western cinema, finally allowed out to play on the cobbled streets of postwar Europe. 
good Hepburn and Peck revel in their shared duplicity but almost take a backseat to the splendour of the Italian capital, which has rarely been given so much lens-love since. 
very_good The reason Roman Holiday works is because it understands Hepburn's place in the pantheon of Silver Screen icons 
good If only more filmmakers would remember that not all fairy-tale romances need to have a pat, happily-ever-after ending. 
fair It's a beautiful snapshot into the past, both for the historic look of Rome and to witness the birth of the romantic comedy. 
very_good For lovers of romantic comedies through the ages, Roman Holiday remains a favorite. 
best Delicious and delectable Audrey's Oscar-winning American debut. But not such a difficult feat with William Wyler backing you up. 
best Features one of the greatest endings to come from Hollywood 
good The Roman travelogue is pleasant enough, and Audrey Hepburn is positively peerless. 
good When you say 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' you're really talking about this film. 
good Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naive sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American. 
very_good The film itself is a classic of romantic wish fulfillment, exactly the sort of beautiful lie that Hollywood specialized in. 
very_good The final moments of Roman Holiday are among the most moving and memorable of any romantic comedy I can think of 
very_good A lovely little romance, full of fun and playfulness, stellar performances (Hepburn won an Oscar and Albert was nominated), and all set against the beauty of Rome 
good Nice little bittersweet comedy 
good A stunning film debut by Audrey Hepburn, charming, gaminlike, a delight. 
good The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist. 
best Roman Holiday is [Audrey Hepburn's] perfect picture. 
good Director William Wyler delivers some of the most stunning black and white visions of Rome ever put on film. Considering how many eye-filling extravaganzas have been set in the eternal city, that's really saying something. 
terrible While this film is true to its predecessor, it does have a distinct direct-to-DVD feel to it. 
fair ...a better-than-expected direct-to-video sequel... 
very_good ...while all the admittedly well-wrought details engage us on an intellectual level and keep us watching, the film doesn't linger in the imagination the way truly great cinema does 
good there is no denying the cinematic power of Audiard's fearless storytelling 
good Rust and Bone is a tough, emotionally raw movie, but its not a difficult watch, and its a very skillfully rendered piece of neo-realism. 
bad The notion of strings-free sex gets a good working over from director Jacques Audiard (A Prophet), who takes as much pride in exploring the workings of Stephanie's troubled mind as he does in digitally removing her legs. 
good The film achieves what all dramatic films should strive for: complete audience empathy for the main characters. I cared for these two so deeply, and the many, many moments of quiet triumph gave me rushes of joy. A beautiful triumph of precision. 
good Rust and Bone is an unsentimentally lyrical triumph, unexpected in every way. 
fair For a film that deals in different forms of agony it's rather pleasant. A portrait of family that's refreshing with the right emotional punch. 
good Audiard crafts a film with logical scenic construction yet surprising turns of events, with the drama never devolving into melodrama. 
best A 'Salt of the Earth' saga plumbing the depths of the human soul. 
good Through restraint, French director Jacques Audiard does a better job of tugging on viewers' hearts than most filmmakers can achieve with excess. 
fair In 'Rust and Bone,' Marion Cotillard loses both legs but retains her hotness. This might seem like an inappropriate observation, but it's very much to the point of this very physical French romance of redemptive suffering from director Jacques Audiard. 
good This is a very different film to Audiard's most recent release - the impressive A Prophet - but it has a similar sense of maturity about it, and could well have acting awards aplenty heading its way in the coming months. 
good The strength of director Jacques Audiard's film is that he refuses to elicit pity from the audience for his protagonists. 
bad Like a carnival barker or presidential candidate, Rust and Bone promises far more than it delivers. 
fair Though Stephanie's legs are removed from sight through the wonders of digital film effects, the character will remain in your consciousness like a phantom limb. 
good The story is what it is, and other than the ridiculous ending crisis, isn't bad. What drives the film is Marion Cotillard's acting. 
bad It moves at its own, often slow pace, but Marion Cotillard gives another great performance and the visual effects that turn her into a double amputee are astonishing. 
good Audiard juxtaposes Schoenaerts' physicality with Cotillard's disability and explores their mutual vulnerability in haunting and suggestive fashion. 
good Has significant blemishes that don't quite come out in the wash...but the picture persists on the strength of its committed performances. 
bad A lesser director would not have breathed life into Rust and Bone, but Audiard directs with skill and sensitivity, even when his characters lack those attributes. 
fair The movie wanders off course in the final act, as if none of its three screenwriters could quite figure out how to end it. 
very_good "Rust and Bone" has heart and soul. 
very_good "Rust and Bone" seems to wander unexpectedly into its heart; it feels organic in its casual unfolding, like life itself. 
very_good You couldn't ask for a more random relationship, but "Rust and Bone" slowly, almost magically, gives it meaning, symbolism, even a kind of symmetry. 
fair Interesting, but emotionally and dramatically flat 
good When Rust and Bone tells a story of a woman's recovery from a devastating injury, it hits all the right notes, traveling a path that is poignant without being mawkish and triumphant without being saccharine. 
best From one of the best directors in the world comes a powerful love story that will bust your knuckles and break your heart. Jacques Audiard, who previously delivered the mighty prison drama, A Prophet, brings his tough love to a sad romance. 
good A tightly-managed film that explores the instinct to survive and fight with intelligence. 
good With the exceptional performances from both Matthias Schoenaerts and Marion Cotillard and the beautiful cinematography, Rust and Bone may have a few flaws but it's still brutal, intense, and surprisingly touching. 
good For all its willful melodrama, Rust and Bone takes its characters -- and us -- someplace touching and hard fought. 
good By turns brutal and tender, Rust and Bone is a bullet train of heightened melodrama that refuses to derail. 
best A movie that defies categorization, slips convenient genre boundaries, and leaves viewers feeling haunted and inspired in equal measure. 
bad Rust and Bone concerns the relationship between a wholly unsympathetic man and a woman whose strange attachment to him does not garner much sympathy for her, either. 
bad Positions the wrong person as the lead protagonist. The film lays its heart on the line, but its focal point is off. 
good "Rust and Bone" is a tough movie about tough people for a tough audience. So prepare to get roughed up a little. 
good An effective and moving drama about the strength of the human spirit and the will to survive. 
good The leads save it, particularly Cotillard, who once again subverts her own glamour with ferocious lack of ego. 
good There is something about two broken people trying to create something whole between them that is endlessly appealing to movie audiences. 
very_good Getting to know Alain and Stephanie feels a lot like getting to know anyone: We're constantly being surprised by their behavior and yet somehow, all of it fits. 
best Audiard, who made the uncompromising prison saga A Prophet, is like a gritty, realist Douglas Sirk - throwing his characters into whirlwind scenarios that are filled with big emotions and fateful turns of events. 
best Audiard's use of genre and cliches is part of a greater argument about moral redemption and deceptive appearances, where happy endings are only skin deep. 
fair Reminds that a movie can be gripping and still not quite work. 
best An unusual and unsettling love story, Rust and Bone shows once again that Oscar-winning French actress Marion Cotillard is as close to perfect as any female has ever been onscreen. 
fair ...a muscular romance that leaves its mark like a bruise. 
fair Cotillard's performance is a match for the histrionics, but Rust and Bone still could cut a lot of fat. 
bad Despite amazing CGI that shows Cotillard convincingly sans legs and terrific acting, this is far too long for what's there. 
good Romantic but pitiless, fearlessly emotional as well as edgy, "Rust and Bone" is a powerhouse. 
fair The story grows inert, hindered by Schoenaerts' expressionless performance. 
very_good Few films come along and conquer new territory in the way of cinematic storytelling like Rust and Bone. 
very_good Rethinking what we thought we knew - about love, about sex, about disability - is what "Rust and Bone" is about. Be careful, the film warns us -- we may know less about those things than we think. 
good "Rust and Bone" is a strong, emotionally replete experience, and also a tour de force of directorial button pushing. 
very_bad Its underwritten characters and hoary approach plunk it into mediocrity. 
best Lyrical and gritty French drama for mature viewers only. 
very_good A must-see drama that will reward moviegoers who are both smart enough to seek it out and grown-up enough to take it 
bad If you hired Albert Camus to write "Rocky," it might come out something like "Rust and Bone," a quintessentially French effort to combine pugilism and sentimentality. 
very_good What sounds like a movie of the week formula plays much more convincingly thanks to assured direction and powerful performances. 
good It's Cotillard who surprises: Too often cast as eye candy, she demonstrates a facility here for tiny gestures and facial expressions that suggest emotional arcs in miniature. 
good These are people who never would have connected under ordinary circumstances; they end up needing each other desperately. Only in the movies. 
very_bad If the name Nicholas Sparks was within fifty feet of it, it would be laughed out of the theater sight nearly unseen. 
very_good Jacques Audiard continues to strive to make films so distinctively singular in their originality, no one in Hollywood would even consider remaking this. 
fair It runs a complicated bait and switch on its audience, passing ostensible exploitation fodder through a high-toned prestige filter. 
good As a cross between other French films, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly and Untouchable, as well as Murderball and Inside I'm Dancing, Rust and Bone is an often erratic but always truly cinematic piece of soul searching with sublime special effects. 
very_good A drama about the capacities of some individuals to bounce back and survive in the face of ordeals, setbacks, and suffering. 
bad A work of breathtaking intensity, there's nevertheless a point where so much misery has been thrown on screen that the narrative becomes predictable; imagine something terrible, and it's probably going to happen. 
best Rust and Bone is a film of undeniable power. The two central performances are stunning and Audiard's passionate filmmaking makes for a completely engrossing, original and moving cinematic experience. 
good Here Cotillard does some of her finest work. 
best Achingly romantic in ways that only the French know how. 
good Rust and Bone still emerges as a very impressive achievement from a director who - though possessed of a recognisable voice - seems intent on stretching himself with each new project. 
best Marion Cotillard delivers another raw, devastating performance in this beautifully made drama about two badly damaged people who adapt to a new life together. 
bad The special-effects are amazingly realistic, as is the leading lady's luminous, anguished and extremely moving performance. 
good A powerful tale of love against the odds. 
bad The film's brilliance is its refusal to defer emotionally to the heroine's tragedy. No overt pity; no self-pity. 
bad Despite exceptional cinematography, music, and brilliant performances throughout, the film lacks the believable dramatic arc of director Jacques Audiard's previous offering A Prophet. 
good Apart from the soppy soundtrack, it's very affecting and potent stuff. 
good Cotillard, who's been waiting since La vie en rose for a role this substantial, is at her damaged, devastating best. 
good Cotillard is always mesmerising and, if you have the patience, Rust and Bone is well worth a look. 
good Superbly directed, strikingly shot and sharply written, this is a powerfully emotional French drama with intriguing characters and a pair of terrific performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts. 
good Cotillard's performance is primed for awards, while Schoenaerts is a rough diamond. 
best Rust And Bone may be melodramatic but it is no indulgent emotional wallow. 
good Another triumph from Audiard and a Cotillard masterclass, this bruising, tender melodrama lingers long in the memory. 
good A winning marriage of mind-boggling visual effects, excellent performances, and sumptuous direction, Rust and Bone is an emotional, richly rewarding drama. 
good It's perhaps less focused and perfect-feeling than Audiard's best work, but its oddness makes it more thought-provoking. 
bad pure soap opera 
good ...a solid little drama that falls just short of greatness... 
very_good It is terribly intense, and French. There is no other way to describe it. 
good By the end, "Rust" cast a spell over me, but man, did it take nearly the entire length of the film for me to figure out what it was trying to do. 
good Rust and Bone is an incredibly well crafted and intensely emotionally absorbing film worthy of serious attention. 
very_good While it's a redemptive love story between two broken people, the film's beauty lies is in its lack of overblown sentimentality. There is a spare, hard mien to these characters that intrigues & pulls us in. 
bad The theme of reconciliation - between man and woman, father and son, brother and sister, man and animal - feels kind of perfunctory and over-reaching. 
good These are two towering performances in a film of genuine power. Rust and Bone may not be for everyone; but it's a complex, assured, demanding work. 
good Audiard manages to create a very real world in which circumstances determine everything. 
very_bad The muscularity of Audiard's approach becomes more macho and less appealing as the film goes on, and the script wanders down distracting byroads that make it feel episodic and inattentive. 
good It is a passionate and moving love story which surges out of the screen like a flood tide. 
bad A richly directed and historically credible film that -- with its sense of time and place -- ends up functioning as fascinating and poignant temporal travelogue. 
very_good Graceful, tender and poignant with a very believable, organic character arc. It's more than your average coming-of-age story. 
very_good A compelling Chinese coming-of-age drama about a young boy's initiation into the adult world of violence and mystery. 
fair The movie lingers in the mind, largely because director Wang Xiaoshuai's theme is poignant and classic: The more a child perceives of what the adults around him are doing, the more childhood slips away. 
fair Poised on the brink of sexual awareness and the waning of the Cultural Revolution, an 11-year-old boy struggles to interpret the signals from his changing body and an increasingly confusing world. 
bad Wang Xiaoshuai's gently engrossing coming-of-age tale isn't strikingly unique, but it does possess the heartfelt confidence that comes from autobiographical influence - and natural talent. 
bad Mildly resonant, if not revelatory. 
very_good Because of its choice in subjectivity, and despite the film's historical context, 11 Flowers firmly elevates the experience of the personal over the political. 
good After Columbine, this dark comedy isn't as funny. 
good Heathers, with all its flagrant masochism and violence, is a throwback to a more innocent time, where such films could be made and still be deemed over the top fantasy. 
best Two decades later, Heathers is so on the money, with its vague but unmistakable parallels to several school shootings, that it could never be made today. 
very_good Dark, cynical, but deliciously funny, Heathersis a fascinating look not just at high school but at the way we look at high school. 
very_good fantastic 
best An amazing black satire filled with vicious biting words that snap like firecrackers. 
good Scathing and hilarious. 
good Viciously delicious cult classic, flip side of "The Breakfast Club." 
bad Blistering comedy run aground by cop-out ending. 
good Lehman's delightfully dark and deranged take on adolescent angst and isolation. Heathers is heuristic in its haughty examination of teenaged alienation 
bad A wonderful savage satire on high school life. 
very_good A poisoned candy apple that'll bring a sardonic smile to the lips of those who remember it and entertain those who haven't experienced it before. 
good This film is dark as night but great fun, taking teen issues by the scruff of the neck and holding them up as the rather unpleasant exhibits they are. 
very_good The points it makes about the violence-prone absurdity of American adolescence are perhaps even more incisive today than they were [in 1989]. 
fair For a long time, we're not even sure of the point of view: Is this a black comedy about murder or just a cynical morality play? The traveler in the foreign country is not sure, but he knows the film inspires thought. 
best The perfect 80's film, and it has the legs to still do it today. 
very_good A scathing lambasting of the American teen in the late 1980s, but its presence will be timeless. 
terrible Go on the Disney ride instead. It's over sooner. 
bad Beautiful production design and bags of promise give way to disappointment in this family comedy. 
good A thunderstorm of mysterious origin traps the old mansion. 
very_bad Regardless of all the ghosts, or maybe because of them, The Haunted Mansion is one lifeless, spiritless affair. 
terrible Eddie Murphy, fresh from a string of wearyingly bad performances in really horrible features, pulls The Haunted Mansion down around him with record-breaking speed 
fair You wonder why you're willing to wait an hour-and-a-half to go on it for the umpteenth time. 
terrible Uma comedia de horror que nao assusta nem faz rir. 
very_bad Comic thrillers are always risky, but this one lacks even a hint of badly needed black humour. 
terrible Mansion is as dead as the spirits who haunt its unspooktacular walls. 
terrible Hauntingly Bad. 
terrible ... essentially a soulless collection of episodic gags... only serves to hammer a few more nails into [Eddie Murphy's] career's coffin. 
fair uses the ride's familiar visuals as a leaping-off point for the horror-comedy, which is at times delightfully silly and at other times depressingly thin 
very_bad Manages to make even such surefire audience grabbers as a zombie attack exceedingly dull. 
terrible To paraphrase one of my favorite lines from one of my favorite films ("Little Big Man"): Sometimes the Magic Kingdom works, and sometimes it doesn't. 
bad It's ironic that in 2003 we find Murphy playing a role that, for all intents and purposes, might have been done by Mantan Moreland 60 years ago -- only Mantan was funnier. 
bad With The Haunted Mansion, Eddie Murphy continues in a long line of family film stinkers. 
very_bad ...maladroit dans sa tentative d'allier rires et frissons, insatisfaisant sur tous les plans... 
very_bad Feels like something that was churned out through a machine; Disney Live-Action Cheese By Committee. 
very_bad Another Disney ride-turned-movie looks great ... and goes nowhere. 
bad Following the plot of the ride, as well as littering the screen with beautiful visual homages big and small, the film has less wiggle room to really come alive on its own. 
bad There's disappointingly little in its 99 minutes that's better than what the ride has been doing for years in 10. 
bad Eddie Murphy does a sterile job as the film's star, but it is Jennifer Tilly who shines in this otherwise flat film. 
good The Haunted Mansion was made in the spirit of giving everyone in the family something to enjoy together. It's successful at that level. 
terrible Learn from the Evers family: The Haunted Mansion is not worth the detour. 
bad ...a lame and transparent pseudo-amusing scarefest...has all the whimsy and cheeky movement of an overcrowded parking lot at Disneyland...a generic goose bump ride 
bad A movie that, while consistently amusing, plays like a hackneyed effort to stretch a few minutes of ride into a coherent, hour-and- a-half story. 
bad More Disneyland ride than movie, short on plot and long on dazzling visuals for the kiddies. 
bad While it may supply giggles and shivers to preteens, grownups should think twice before entering this all-too-haunted house. 
bad Eddie Murphy has been many things to many people in his tempestuous career. Until now, 'mayo-and-bologna-on-white' hasn't been one of them. 
bad Perhaps used to working with animated characters, Minkoff fails to inspire much energy from his cast. 
terrible The movie's horror angle also reminds us of Vampire in Brooklyn, the last in a string of Murphy flops before The Nutty Professor saved his screen career in 1996. With this listless foray, Eddie is twice bitten. 
bad It's notoriously difficult to balance lighthearted humor with the spookiness a good ghost story requires, but director Rob Minkoff is surprisingly successful, delivering a satisfying mix of laughs and mild scares aimed at a young audience. 
very_bad The story is so flimsy, could it possibly have been ghostwritten by Goofy? 
terrible A badly scripted, sloppily put-together hack job. 
bad The problem here isn't so much the pace as the too-predictable story and the general lack of energy; director Rob Minkoff can't seem to light a fire under his cast. 
bad Haunted Mansion won't be anybody's E-ticket ride, but it's an enjoyable movie for a very specific age range (children 8 to 12), and will be tolerable for almost everyone else. 
bad Haunted is much more loyal to the original amusement attraction than the freewheeling and more imaginative Pirates film, which is good for nostalgia but not especially good for storytelling. 
very_bad Here's a better way to spend your money: go to Disneyland and visit the real Haunted Mansion. 
bad You don't go to a movie like this for the sparkling repartee; you go to ride the ride one more time, and director Rob Minkoff delivers with a slew of sight gags and character cameos that will keep faith with the fans. 
very_bad The Haunted Mansion is disappointing in just about every way. Even the plot, which seems simple enough at first, turns out to be confusing when all is revealed. 
terrible The advertising slogan for The Haunted Mansion warns, 'Check your pulse at the door' -- pretty cheeky for a movie that flatlines for almost all of its 98 minutes. 
terrible The PG rating is purportedly for 'frightening images,' but the only thing frightening is the bland performance Eddie Murphy phones in. 
fair With The Haunted Mansion, the second movie this year to be based on a popular Disney attraction Eddie Murphy may have finally brought his career back to life. 
bad Let's face it: This is a movie based on a ride, so, really, how much entertainment can you expect? But at least it is a better bargain than the ride it is shilling. 
bad It's true that last summer's hit Pirates of the Caribbean is one tough act to follow, but The Haunted Mansion falls short even without such comparisons. 
very_bad The Haunted Mansion is well made and acted with a kind of campy glee, but it doesn't scare up enough thrills or laughs to give it the kind of mass appeal of Disney's summer blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean. 
very_bad The theme park attraction is actually better entertainment than the movie. 
terrible It's not all that boring, and very little children will like it, but the 'tween crowd will consider this beneath them, as would everyone older. 
terrible Foolish indeed is the mortal family that shells out the copious price of admission for this gobbler. 
bad That thing going bump in the night? It was my head hitting the armrest. 
bad Despite some imaginative designs, The Haunted Mansion just sort of lies there, as if -- like some of its characters -- it is waiting to be roused from eternal slumber. 
fair The Haunted Mansion won't much entertain older family members, but it might be fun for kids and seems headed for a long run on home video. 
bad Director Rob Minkoff, mindful of his PG rating and young target audience, never tries to scare us to the marrow. 
terrible The film equivalent of the dark, boring period on a haunted house ride before the gondola crashes into another room filled with dirty mirrors. 
bad This is a 99-minute commercial for a three-minute attraction. 
very_bad Trite special effects, uninspired dialogue. 
bad An efficient, reasonably enjoyable factory product that should scare a 9-year-old just enough and be gone from his or her memory by dinnertime. 
very_bad About as much fun as a day at Disneyland -- when it's raining and all the rides are broken and the car is at the extreme other end of the parking lot. 
bad Although The Haunted Mansion starts promisingly and presents a wealth of possibilities, filmmakers decide to go the formulaic route to bring in the kiddies. 
very_bad ...plays like a contest between Eddie Murphy's popping eyes and his gaping mouth: Which one can more forcefully convey fright? 
very_bad It's hard to get excited about watching a real estate deal go down, even if it is with a bunch of ghosts. 
very_bad ...terminally lame... 
fair The Haunted Mansion is goofy fun. 
bad Amusing time-killer. 
good More creepy than scary, but it's lots of fun. 
bad As the story unfolds, it becomes ever more obvious that the Haunted Mansion ride was not concocted to provide enough material for a narratively coherent movie. 
bad Even if I were still a kid, I'd rather go on the ride. 
bad only works as mindless entertainment. 
fair Vivid and unimaginative. 
fair Amusing but not side-splitting. 
bad Swirling apparitions, a wonderful Southern gothic atmosphere and a thwarted love story make this a fine companion piece to the Walt Disney theme-park attraction. 
bad While the addition of four harmonizing statues infuses some humor in the script, there's little that outshines effects in the actual Disneyland house. 
bad As mechanical as an old Disneyland automaton. 
fair Never manages to rise above kind of cute. 
bad The fact that this sort of preachy foray into the pseudo-scary is even remotely entertaining can only be attributed to blind, stumbling luck. 
bad Best of all is Parker, the perfect melancholy romantic hero, brooding and dark, yet touching and sentimental. 
bad After she walks off, Daddy tells his son, "Whack your own spider!" 
terrible The Last Airbender is not just a flop, it's a big-budget flop, and it's a throwback to that grand old genre, the movie that's so bad that it's bad. 
terrible A quite breathtakingly inept hodge-podge of vapid spirituality, playground chopsocky and visual effects that take 3D to an entirely new level: Zero-D. 
very_bad Writer/director M Night Shyamalan's once glorious reputation is tarnished further by this tediously juvenile fantasy adventure. 
terrible There's no third-act twist because we never get out of the first act. 
bad [Shyamalan] works so much better with stories that are slower in development, where the atmosphere and tone drive the film, and where you're never quite sure what's going on (though not in the sense where you're completely confused, like this film). 
terrible This is a kid's movie that doesn't seem to realize that it's a kid's movie. 
terrible Bad acting, overstuffed exposition and running time far too brief for the amount of plot shoved into it reduce The Last Airbender into parody of a big summer film as Shyamalan manages to hit every single fantasy film pothole. 
very_bad The Last Airbender is a horrific mish-mash of genres that follows a depressingly large number of dead ends in adapting its source material. 
very_bad As far as children's entertainment goes (and it is children's entertainment), it could be a lot worse. 
terrible The film is an unmitigated disaster, a putrid patchwork of the original series stitched together by wretched performances, bad creative decisions and a story that's all exposition, no depth. 
terrible Mere words can barely describe the sheer inanity on display. 
very_bad It's a nice movie to look at, as long as you ignore the characters, plot, and action. 
terrible It seems as if a good film could be made out of The Last Airbender's tale. But this is not that film. 
terrible The characters are completely uninvolving, the narrative incomprehensible for the most part, and the performances seem to reflect the bewilderment of the plot. 
very_bad Why do the water tribe have so much difficulty defeating their fire opponents when the battle takes place on the ocean? 
terrible Unspeakably bad dialogue delivered by excruciatingly bad actors in a plot so illogical and stupid it kills unicorns. 
terrible Shyamalan tells the story like a syndicated news journalist, reporting events with detached direction and lifeless, plot-driven screenwriting. 
terrible The worst part is undoubtedly the script, which clunks and groans all the way under the weight of it's own exposition - tragically and unforgivably, it fails to tell a good story. 
very_bad It is in writer/director Shyamalan's dialogue that the film grinds to a halt. His words have grown increasingly pompous and stilted since his concise, crisp, Oscar-nominated script for The Sixth Sense. 
terrible This empty, misfired epic from M. Night Shyamalan is boring and strengthens the claim that he is the worst director working in mainstream cinema today. 
terrible If sleep is a hard thing to come by, then a dose of M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender is just the cure for you. 
terrible Being a Shyamalan film, the entire cast (which also includes Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel as an exiled Fire Prince) recite their looney-tunes lines as if they have been drugged, then hypnotised, then drugged again. 
terrible $150,000,000 well wasted. The Last Airbender is an insult to those wanting sophisticated, entertaining or even competent cinema. 
terrible How did Shyamalan get it so wrong? 
terrible Some of the worst acting, action and dialogue you'll endure this year. 
very_bad The dialogue is tin-eared in the extreme, the 3D is used in a strictly tokenistic fashion and the absolute lack of a sense of irony or humour makes the more solemn scenes all the more laughable. 
terrible After the first five seconds, it seems as if you have been watching it for around two-and-a-half hours, and that this time has passed in four-and-a-half days. 
terrible Please let it be the last Shyamalan. 
very_bad [A] slice of self-important nonsense that's actually pretty funny, although probably not in the way Shyamalan planned. 
terrible Airbender's final insult is the unmistakable stench of a sequel that's left to linger in its wake. 
very_bad The first part of a planned trilogy, Shyamalan says the sequel will be darker. Just better would be a start. 
very_bad Far from the catastrophe the US bewailed, but still disappointingly clunky. 
terrible One is bored and stupefied by what seems like an eternity of vacuous spectacle, cod-Buddhist tosh and clunking dialogue. 
terrible I swiftly became bored with a repetitive and laboured film devoid of drama, tension or real emotion. 
very_bad When nothing you believe or believe in is at stake, your plot-receptor mechanisms close down. 
terrible Dung fu. 
terrible A movie that's as thick as the earth, as enraging as fire, and about as watery and windy as a giant cinematic wet fart. 
very_bad A dodgy script, ropey performances, atrocious 3D effects and a tendency to take itself too seriously... 
terrible A derivative and lifeless 'heroes journey' tale layered up with Eastern mysticism. 
bad ...a tremendously disappointing effort from a once rock-solid filmmaker. 
terrible The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan's fall from grace; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film, he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood. 
terrible I can accurately and completely review The Last Airbender by quoting my ten-year-old daughter's own thoughts on the movie: "They messed up everything." 
terrible The story isn't the bad part of The Last Airbender - in fact, it's the best part... The bad part is almost everything else. 
very_bad The Last Airbender blatantly sets the stage for a sequel. Unfortunately, this awful film's huge box office receipts may make a sequel reality. 
terrible An Elemental Disaster. 
terrible Sadly, M. Night Shyamalan has not regained what he lost three films ago. His films are truly bad. 
terrible If the 11th-hour addition of 3-D to M. Night Shyamalan's odious live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon's beloved anime-influenced cartoon series doesn't make your head hurt, the excess of narration and intertitles surely will. 
terrible The time has come to admit that he [Shyamalan] got lucky with Sixth Sense and we overrated his talent. 
bad a vast and largely joyless--at times leaden--epic 
terrible Even with fairly good special effects the movie is boring; let's hope the indicated sequel(s) doesn't see the light of day. 
very_bad I need 'Unbreakable' to be M. Night Shyamalan's trilogy. Not this lifeless fantasy. 
very_bad Controversial casting aside, could The Last Airbender ever have been a good movie? Not at all; it's a listless, incompetent, boring mess that insults the comprehension of even the youngest child in the audience. 
terrible The Last Shyamalan. 
terrible Irritatingly stupid. 
very_bad It's difficult to ascertain whether this poorly executed picture will earn enough to warrant its planned sequels or not even make enough to allow Shyamalan to Super-Size his next fast-food order. 
terrible Gorgeous imagery.Beautifully wrought special effects. Fantasy fun for all ages.I'm talking , of course, about 'The Last Airbender' website. 
terrible The film ends with a set-up for a sequel, which those unfortunate enough to endure this torturous mess can only hope never occurs. 
terrible In a mediocre summer season, we now have the first bonafide stinker -- a supposed fantasy adventure that has all the magic and mystery of a bologna sandwich. 
terrible Sadly, it seems that Shyamalan is channeling George Lucas et al from The Phantom Menace... and said, 'Hey, let's do that with this movie!' 
terrible A boring, nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing, painfully wooden acting, unrelenting dullness, and unimpressive special effects. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again. 
terrible The trunk of my car is filled with busted 3D glasses and broken dreams of summer movie bliss. But that's not as bad as what's in the trunk of a Paramount Pictures bigwig: A bound and gagged Shyamalan, who's about to have $150 million beat from him. 
terrible Stick a fork in M. Night Shyamalan. He's done as a director of consequence after The Last Airbender. Sad. 
terrible Stilted dialogue, wooden acting, glacial pacing, cheesy special effects, tacky-looking sets, ugly costumes, poorly staged and edited action sequences, all shown in murky, cut-rate 3-D. 
bad Fantasy works best off linear narrative clarity, while many scene transitions whirl like air in the hands of Aang. Yet, Night ignites the separate moments with visual magic worthy of his mythology. 
terrible would be blissfully forgettable if it weren't so blazingly incompetent 
terrible M. Night Shyamalan tries to bend the laws of quality cinema to suit his his shlocky ambitions. 
terrible A dull, boring, poorly acted, limply written and thoroughly unappealing fantasy, featuring bland characters locked in a struggle of no interest. 
very_bad With a movie this shockingly bad, however, it's not likely that anyone will be interested in another chapter. So it's better not to even bother seeing this one. 
very_good Shyamalan has taken what could have been a big, flashy, generic Hollywood production and made it wholly his own. 
terrible What a colossal disappointment! Let's hope this truly is the last Airbender. 
terrible All the while, Shyamalan creates an ever-growing sense of 'Who cares where we are; when will this be over?' 
bad The Last Airbender, for all its Shyamalan-style grandiosity, is completely harmless and inoffensive, and at the very least, Shyamalan appears to be having a little fun here. 
terrible Fans of the beautifully crafted TV show will be bitterly disappointed by this film version of the story. 
bad The puzzle of Shyamalan's racial casting soon becomes secondary to a much more pressing concern -- trying to follow the cluttered story. 
terrible It's rare to see a film so choppily edited, poorly scripted and spastically directed that you can barely understand what you're watching. 
very_bad The title has the ring of prophecy. Although the film frustrates viewers with a cliffhanger ending, it's hard to believe a second 'Airbender' will materialize out of what is likely to be the indifferent reception to this wan hand-me-down. 
very_bad A franchise needs more than cute creatures to survive. 
very_bad Boring -- but age-appropriate for young fans of the TV show. 
good Using the backbone of the Nickelodeon series, Shyamalan succeeds in developing a story with a deep mythology -- something he failed to do with Lady in the Water. 
terrible Everything about this film is so mind-bogglingly stupid, I barely know where to begin! 
bad Can we please just stop with the 3D conversions? Shymalan delivers visually amazing action sequences but the film suffers from terrible dialogue and horrible acting. 
terrible There are long expository speeches, which the young, inexperienced actors recite by rote, and the entire concept is filled with incoherent inconsistency. 
terrible Tedious, overstuffed, visually flat ... emotionally inert, filled with painfully expository dialogue and mostly poorly acted, it's simply an all-around misfire. 
terrible Paraphrasing a quote from another Shyamalan star, Haley Joel Osment, it seems like "there's dead actors walking around like regular actors." From The Sixth Sense to no sense? 
terrible The picture is crammed with big-budget CGI -- it seems determined to command our interest through sheer technological will. 
terrible It gets real old real fast. 
very_bad Even 3-D technology can't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender. 
terrible If you thought it was bad when writer-director M. Night Shyamalan was channeling Rod Serling, wait till you see him try to be George Lucas. 
very_bad As a child puts together pieces of the puzzle that will help him save the world from evildoers in The Last Airbender, I was pondering a bigger mystery: How can this action-packed adventure be so deadly dull? 
good The Last Airbender is one of the most visually luscious and exhilarating entertainments I have seen this year, full of giddy fireworks and kinetic pleasure. 
bad Shyamalan's effects -- matte paintings, miniatures, location exteriors, backlot interiors and digital work -- never coalesce into a seamless whole, and the result is neither fish nor fowl, tactile nor virtual. 
bad The TV show created an incredibly complex world over three seasons. This picture (the first in a proposed trilogy) tries to accomplish a year's worth of work in two hours. So we get titles and flashbacks, baldly expository dialogue and clumsy narration. 
very_bad There's no other way to say this: M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost it. 
terrible The addition of the 3-D is obviously an afterthought, and in most scenes it's pretty bad. Almost as bad as the writing and the acting. Almost. 
terrible The Last Airbender could be The Last M. Night Shyamalan Movie. Yep, it's that bad. 
terrible This is bad filmmaking and bad storytelling. It also sounds what should be the death knell to M. Night Shyamalan's career. 
very_bad The camera swoops and the music blares, but we might as well be watching a tolerant, teeth-gritting parent filming his son's karate class demonstration. 
terrible It is so bad that not only could Uwe Boll make a better movie than Shyamalan has done here, he already has. 
very_bad In spite of all the running and sometimes flying to and fro, The Last Airbender never feels particularly urgent. 
terrible Nothing short of an incomprehensible fiasco. If one must go see it, avoid the 3-D version like the bubonic plague. 
terrible A new low point in Shyamalan's crumbling career. 
terrible The battles are only slightly more exciting than the exposition, the acting is laughable, and the characters are flat. 
terrible The good news for those eagerly anticipating this live-action, big budget adaptation is that the 3D isn't horrible. The bad news? Just about everything else is. 
bad Shyamalan compresses a ton of plot exposition in every line and the resulting heavyosity is too much for the younger actors to carry. 
terrible Shyamalan takes the beloved Nickelodeon anime series and turns it into 103 minutes of overproduced, stilted nonsense. 
terrible a staid, interminable miscalculation 
very_bad The problems begin with Shyamalan's script, which is an orgy of exposition. 
fair He hasn't mastered the craft yet, but M. Night Shyamalan may be on to something with this action-movie thing. 
very_bad Not since Kyle MacLachlan's whispered voice-overs about the worm and the spice and the worm IS the spice in Dune has a fantasy franchise tripped all over itself trying, simply, to please a fan base while creating a new one. 
terrible M. Night Shyamalan throws his hands up and sells out with The Last Airbender, an adaptation of the Nickelodeon anime series that boasts almost no sign of the director's idiosyncratic imprimatur. 
fair It's worth putting up with M. Night the writer to enjoy the work of M. Night the director. 
very_bad Even in 3D, [it's] one-dimensional. 
bad The sprawling story is so dramatically compressed there is barely enough oxygen for relationship growth (crucial in Avatar), let alone traces of an interesting director's personality. 
very_bad The movie has been criticized for racially inappropriate casting, but that's the least of its problems. The acting is laughable, the effects are phony, the editing is addled and the dialogue is disastrous. 
terrible Who would have thought Shyamalan would come up with a movie that makes his Lady in the Water look positively sensible? 
terrible The Last Airbender is dreadful, an incomprehensible fantasy-action epic that makes the 2007 film The Golden Compass, a similarly botched adaptation of a beloved property from another medium, look like a four-star classic. 
terrible While the special effects are impressive enough, M. Night Shyamalan's film doesn't make a lick of sense. 
terrible This colossal folly, the fiasco of the summer of 2010 - gives us all a ringside seat at the sight of Mr. "I See Dead People's" career gurgling down the drain. 
terrible The Last Airbender is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented. 
terrible Let's just be honest: M. Night Shyamalan is an idiot. 
very_bad Inane though inoffensive. 
terrible As directed by James Frawley, the film has only two passable gags. 
terrible Don't get me wrong. I have nothing against dumb sex comedies. All I object to is the fact that "Fraternity Vacation" is playing with half a deck -- the male half. The men are the characters and the women are the objects. 
bad Avila can't quite thread the needle between telling his personal story and connecting it to larger social currents. 
good 'Clandestine Childhood'' is the impressive first feature by Argentine director Benjamin Avila. 
bad When a filmmaker proves as reluctant as Mr. Avila to speak up about the past, to engage with its full complexity, it can be hard to hear what he's saying. 
bad The calmer scenes are staged in staid and somewhat clunky fashion, but the graphic animation depicting the worst moments is starkly effective. 
bad Outre flourishes don't fully lift the story past the limitations of innocence-lost storytelling. 
bad Benjamin Avila structures the film as a series of precious moments, remembrances of a difficult year when the politics of patria and family got in the way of his puppy love. 
best Inception is the best film of the year and one of the best films of the decade, this is Nolan's masterpiece and it is perfect in every regard. 
best A smart and inventive thriller, this drama is one of the year's best movies. 
best Nolan has cemented himself among the great filmmakers of our time, not only with this film, but with most of his other works as well. 
best Despite its two- and a half-hour length, it flies by and just like a great dream you don't want to wake up from, even after the end credits start, you'll desperately crave five more minutes. 
bad Ambitious, sure, but ultimately too far-fetched for its own good. 
good It's intentionally, thrillingly, disorienting. 
good Flaws aside, there's a lot to like about Inception and Nolan keeps his eye on the ball throughout, offering up a lush treat of a thriller with nerve and wit 
fair Taken at theatrical value, director/writer Christopher Nolan's tale of purposeful memory-travel is a fun and exciting trip into the creative subconscious. 
very_good It is the film by which to measure the density of all others. 
fair ...there's no denying those special effects. They are spectacular and creative in the extreme. 
very_good The action set pieces are deliriously spectacular; one involving a gravity-impaired Gordon-Levitt in an ever-rotating hallway is wondrous to behold. 
very_good A trippy, complex, thrill-driven action-adventure that demands (and rewards) repeat viewings. 
bad Un thriller inteligente aunque algo menos complejo de lo que aparenta, que cae en varios excesos narrativos y visuales. Probablemente la pelicula mas ambiciosa de Nolan hasta la fecha. 
fair I'm somewhat disappointed that Nolan didn't make a different movie, I heartily enjoyed the one he did make. 
best Nuevamente Nolan nos sorprende con un ejercicio inteligente y vibrante, con un DiCaprio maduro y un cast perfecto. La cinta del ano para Hollywood. 
good Nolan gledateljima prua zabavu za osjetila i intelekt na na&#269;in koji se &#269;ini iznad mogu&#263;nosti najve&#263;eg broja njegovih kolega 
best full review at Movies for the Masses 
best A classic-in-waiting that will keep you guessing and thinking while you pick your jaw up off the floor. 
best Nolan's script keeps the parallel narrative threads concise, and through gorgeous cinematography by Wally Pfister and sharp editing by Lee Smith. 
very_good Is the movie over-thought? Sometimes, yes. But challenging material is rarely as satisfying as in this blockbuster from one of the dream factory's most gifted artisans. 
very_good A marvelous, highly enjoyable film that continues Nolan's climb toward the very top of the list of the best filmmakers working today. 
best Intelligent and imaginative Inception is eye bending and mind bending in equal measures. 
best Uma ficcao cientifica que faz jus aos melhores do genero, apresentando-nos a conceitos intrigantes e dedicando-se, entao, a explora-los ate suas consequencias mais extremas. 
fair Inception, which has been talked up to crazy heights and showcases the best, as well as the most problematic, aspects of Nolan's directorial chops. 
very_good Inception made my brain hurt. And it hurt in the most wonderful way. 
good Brain, meet spasm. Inception is the cleverest, most original use of a Blockbuster budget we've seen in years. Shame some of the characters are a bit underdeveloped. 
very_good Christopher Nolan proves himself as both a man of action and ideas, as he delves into the male psyche and enriches the soul in Inception. 
best "Hooray!" 
fair Visually stunning Inception trips on its own cleverness, sacrificing character development in the pursuit of ingenuity. One can forgive its hubris and give it credit for being a thinking man's action movie. 
best Nolan has spun an elegantly cerebral story that is primal, compelling, and as visually disconcerting as it is completely captivating 
good This is a long film with a lot of fiery explosions, intelligent ideas, sputtering machine guns, and violent car crashes. 
very_good An at-times dizzying Mobius strip of a sci-fi thriller, it's both a tremendously challenging and tremendously rewarding movie, the type that will have audiences talking -- and debating -- long after the credits roll. 
best A giant win for audiences and the degree to which filmmakers can respect their intelligence. 
very_good Nolan repousse les limites de son cinema pour nous offrir - une fois de plus - son oeuvre la plus dense et stimulante a ce jour. 
good This metaphysical 'Mission: Imposible' is motivated by a challenge as great as that facing its heroes: It's Nolan's attempt to crack the Great Film vault. Mission accomplished? Yes -- and more crucially -- no. 
best Inception a dynamic, moving mind-bender. 
good For all of its capacity to bewilder and befuddle, Inception still must be endorsed purely on the strength of its ambition, and the awesome heights to which it sometimes soars. 
fair Nolan is having the time of his life in his own personal playground and, for all its heavy technical and narrative machinery, Inception remains one of his lightest films. 
good It is irritating for an hour, being so gloomily lit that you need fog lights, then it opens up into a marvellously inventive, somewhat silly but enjoyable heist movie, with a good cast doing things I doubt even they could explain. 
very_good It's just streets ahead of anything I've seen in a long time. 
very_good One of those films, like Blade Runner or 2001 A Space Odyssey, that will repay many viewings in order to grasp all the intricate details of these multi-layered trips into the dreams and nightmares of the central characters. 
good [Nolan] has planted the idea that his film is the most brilliant, original and smart film in years. And everyone thinks they realized this on their own. 
very_good And [Nolan] said, "let there be originality", and there was originality. He called it Inception and audiences and critics alike saw that it was good. 
best Even its flaws are brilliant -- and without its flaws and a few evidences of self-mocking humor, I'm not sure I'd like it nearly as well as I do. 
bad Inception is a diverting gambit, but you might want to check your watch a few times to see when the dreams are going to be over. 
very_good Indeed, Hollywood's obsession with 3D has extended to the storytelling process, and with Inception, it also reminds us that story and characterization still rule in the land of a thousand digital vistas. 
good Nolan borrows from classic heist and caper movies to design the clockwork tension but this particular clock is more like Dali's dripping watch. 
good Cinematically, this is a keeper, a fireworks grand finale that goes on flashing and booming for two hours and twenty-eight minutes. But, oh, for some genuine heart. 
very_good Once in the dreamspace, Nolan's command of multi-layered storytelling is nothing short of astounding. 
best the balance of philosophical ideas and narrative tension are more than enough to keep the film not just engaging, but utterly riveting for its entire duration 
best Inception is the exception to a boring summer! 
good A well-constructed, narratively audacious blockbuster released at a time when such things are in depressingly short supply. 
bad A patently-preposterous, endlessly-elliptical mindbender that's worth the investment just to be able to say you sat through it, even if you can't follow all of its meandering machinations. It's that hip! 
very_good Despite the fact that some details of the labyrinthine plot are simply too obscure to comprehend on a first viewing, Nolan sells the emotion -- and the consequences -- visually. 
best Cinema is rarely this engaging on so many levels. 
very_good This is the kind of film studios need to green light more often... all orchestrated by the crafting hand of a director who knows what he wants and makes it happen. 
fair Preposterous, but so ingeniously done that it's an entertaining ride. 
best Just like a spinning top, you keep hoping Christopher Nolan's movie will last a little bit longer. 
very_good It's heartening to see that the quirky sensibility Nolan brought to 'Memento' has never left him. 
very_good It's bold. It's exciting. It makes you think. It engages. It impresses. It frustrates. And it does it all a helluva lot better than Shutter Island. 
best The first masterpiece of 2010. A perfect blend of performance, story, music and effects. 
best A dream within a dream. 
good The complexity of the plot works to make the film a must see, but it also ends up frustrating the audience because it all can't be figured out on the first viewing 
best I suspect even repeat viewings won't be enough to nail this one down: Like 2001, it's both knotty enough and ambiguous enough to lead to conflicting opinions. Besides, our dreams are open to different interpretations, so why not some of our films as well? 
very_good The ending will leave you debating in that glass half-full, half-empty kind of way. Let's just say, it's a movie that needs to be seen more than once. 
very_bad Only someone who never saw (or appreciated) Dark City would be able to call it visionary. 
best This is not only the best movie ever made about dreams, it is also one of the best films of 2010, and certainly one of the most entertaining pictures I've seen in a decade. 
very_good It is a fascinating visual feast, The Matrix with heart and soul, a rollercoaster ride into layers of the subconscious mind that challenges our ability to keep up. 
good What it is (an action-heavy heist movie with several mind-blowing setpieces) is an entirely pleasant substitute for what it isn't (a psychologically complex investigation into dream logic). 
very_good There are plenty of reasons to like Inception, whether you found it obvious or impenetrable. You'll wish you could dream as lucidly as this, but be grateful here you have Nolan as your tour guide. 
very_good It makes 'The Matrix' look like a Dick & Jane book. 
very_good This is a drama built around ideas and images; it is a cinematic maze that Nolan makes his audience traverse in order to follow, understand and appreciate his world. 
fair Inception is a nightmare for audiences looking for coherent fiction. 
best A groundbreaking, intriguing, exhilarating and brilliant sci-fi thriller that's destined to become a timeless classic. Mark my words: It will be remembered for years to come. 
very_good Who are we to complain when a filmmaker lets his thoughts get the better of him, especially when most summer blockbusters aren't thinking at all. 
very_good The movie is almost hypnotic -- a mind-bending experience laced with palpable tension and fueled with drama. Sweet dreams. 
good Inception is an intense, complex story, but it's always coherent, imaginative, and entertaining. 
fair More time wasting than time bending, Inception is a shoot 'em up masquerading as a thinking person's sci-fi film. 
good This sophisticated and uniquely clever cinematic concoction is a refreshing change from the usual lineup of mindless summer fare. The acting and dialogue take a back seat to the mind-blowing action that is... 
fair Nolan is a very clever fellow, no argument there. He's skilled at juggling big ideas and making us think. Now if he can just make us feel. 
very_good The final half-hour alone is a miracle of clockwork-precise showmanship. 
best It's only the latest indication that Christopher Nolan might be the slyest narrative tactician making movies today. 
good Pretty good, not bad, but brilliant it surely ain't. 
best Inception is a boldly constructed wonder with plenty of -- as one character describes it -- "paradoxical architecture." 
very_good I found myself admiring the movie's stubborn adherence to its own universe and logic. 
very_good Nolan's tale is not only a trip through mental labyrinths but a reminder that memories may cripple us, unless we learn to let them go. 
best Inception, the latest in Nolan's long list of awe-inspiring films, proves to be his most ambitious and satisfying project to date. 
bad The good news is, I'm not going to give away any of the mind-bending twists at the center of Inception. The bad news is, that's because there aren't any. 
very_bad Inception is so slow and so confusing that you may actually fall asleep. Or wish you were really dreaming and could wake up and dream another movie. 
very_bad Mixes arcane talk about dreams with traditional action sequences resulting in strange and ineffective hybrid. 
terrible Are they handing out joints at the box office for this? 
best This is a movie people will go see and then argue about and then, very likely, go see again. It is instantly the must-see film of the summer. 
good By turns overpowering, spectacular and truly awe-inspiring. Nolan has just taken it to the next level. 
very_good Inception is that rare film that can be enjoyed on superficial and progressively deeper levels, a feat that uncannily mimics the mind-bending journey its protagonist takes. 
best You know how much of a cheat it is when a movie concludes with a character waking up and realizing it was all a dream? Inception goes another way: Its characters wake up from their dreams to figure out what's real. 
best The most audacious and multifaceted Hollywood entertainment for grown-ups I've seen in years. 
fair Wrapped up in the logistics of various dreamscapes and the technical details of dream sharing and inception, the picture all but abandons its most essential thread. 
very_bad Inception becomes its own nightmare by trying to be "too" smart. 
very_good The visual effects are outstanding, including a fight scene that rivals any ever put on film. 
very_good Inception is the most astonishing thing you will see all year. It may be one of the most astonishing things you will ever see. 
very_good The first of [Nolan's] films that I would call flat-out fun. 
best Does the long-anticipated Christopher Nolan film Inception deliver what we've been hoping for? In a word: Yes. 
very_good t has all of Nolan's strengths, and some of his weaknesses, and it is undeniably his. It is a $160 million action film about loss and regret, and it is exciting in part because of its flaws. 
good Inception is often thrilling to watch, but there's something hollow at its center. 
terrible (S)tories should show, not tell, and Nolan keeps telling us that he can't tell this story. 
good The first of many major achievements in this memorable and haunting film is to render other people's dreams - not the most interesting of topics normally - absolutely riveting. 
best In a decade dominated by the three dreaded Rs of remakes, reimaginings and reboots comes a truly original blockbuster. 
best The most intelligent and visually stunning film of the year. Literally mind-bending. 
very_good All it asks of viewers is that they do something rare: engage the intellect. 
very_good A grandiose exploration of the subconscious and a blazing piece of puzzlemaking. 
best It's the kind of thing that only comes along once every few decades. 
best An intellectualized action flick or an action-packed intellectual film? The answer, of course, is that it's both. 
good Like any traditional narrative, it starts at point A and ends at point B. It just goes backward through the alphabet to get there. 
good A heist picture at heart, the dream-world-set thriller harkens back to the reality-shifting days of "The Matrix," but edges toward intelligence in all of the places the Wachowski brothers opted for visceral popcorn thrills. 
bad Rule of thumb: if a movie uses the word "deep" as much as this one does, it probably isn't. 
very_good I absolutely loved every minute of it. 
best The ambition on display is so huge, and the filmmaking so intelligent, you'll emerge feeling as if you've just watched an entire season of the greatest sci-fi series never made. 
very_good You have to love a movie that dares people to think big. 
good This is a popular entertainment with a knockout punch so intense and unnerving it'll have you worrying if it's safe to close your eyes at night. 
best Nolan's film is surely the most ambitious psychological thriller ever, and yet also the most personal. His baroque imagination makes most directors' efforts look like beach-pail sand castles alongside Mad King Ludwig's Neuschwanstein Castle. 
bad Meanwhile, explanations are offered, buildings collapse on themselves, DiCaprio frets moodily, henchmen fall over and that white van keeps falling off that bridge ... It's all very beautiful, and mostly very empty. 
best unlike anything you've seen 
very_good As the dreams build upon each other and Cobb's past creeps through, Nolan has us just where he wants us -- deliriously lost in a world where dreams and reality are indecipherable, and curious enough to stand in line for another showing. 
best This is what movies can be like if you try. 
bad Mr. DiCaprio exercises impressive control in portraying a man on the verge of losing his grip, but Mr. Nolan has not, in the end, given Cobb a rich enough inner life to sustain the performance. 
very_good Inception is the rare blockbuster entry as sophisticated and intelligent as it is exciting and spectacular. 
good The fact that it manages to be both unmissable and maddening doesn't kill the immediate buzz, since half the film's thrills consist of simply keeping up with it. 
very_good In this smart sci-fi puzzle box, director Christopher Nolan transports the audience to a dreamscape that begins with the familiar and then takes a radical, imaginative leap. 
good Like a dream, Nolan's film fades swiftly in the light -- but while it lasts, it feels like there's nothing more important to decipher. 
best Leonardo DiCaprio's new thriller is as good as live action cinema gets...and you're about to have some very deep dreams to prove it. 
best This truly remarkable movie represents imagination of the highest order conducted by a true master of the art of motion pictures. 
bad Without a substantial story to support the whole, the piece is as weightless as the 'Zzzzzz team' itself, floating through the multiple levels of dreams within dreams. 
good Even minor roles are filled by sterling talent (including Michael Caine as Cobb's mentor), which is testament to the originality and precision of Christopher Nolan. His is a mind that's definitely worth getting lost in. 
bad Inception may be the brainiest hokum ever released in a cinematic summer. Imagine Last Year in Marienbad wandering into the orbit of producer Jerry Bruckheimer. 
best Inception is one of the most original, thought-provoking, intense, mind-blowing pieces of entertainment I have ever seen. I would pay money to watch people's reactions. 
good Emotional intimacy is lacking, with some characters functioning merely as devices to explain an increasingly complicated scenario, but there's no doubt that Nolan knows how to craft an enthralling brainteaser. 
best After thinking it'd take "a couple months" to ink, director Christopher Nolan took eight years to painstakingly write the "Inception" script. And you can tell. It's his first pure masterpiece. 
good It was a brave move to follow The Dark Knight, one of the biggest hits of all time, with something so incredibly complex, but Nolan can relax -- it's worked like a dream. 
best A conceptual coup that, in dealing with the shifting logic and fractured reality of dreams, frees itself from the need to satisfy any conventions, formulae or expectations. 
best It's a long movie (2.5 hours) but doesn't feel so, and is the rare would-be blockbuster that demands close attention and would surely reward rewatching. 
very_good With Inception, writer/director Christopher Nolan not only cements his status as Hollywood's most innovative filmmaker, he has created a daring genre: the surrealist heist thriller. Or, maybe he has developed the dream invasion action epic. 
fair ...part heist caper, part Jungian fugue-state where dreams stack up inside each other like Russian nesting dolls. 
fair Personally, I got more thrills out of the simple animation of Richard Linklater's Waking Life. 
best More filmmakers need to abandon the Ikea guide to making Hollywood movies (Step 73: Keep hammering cliche) and close their eyes for a little nap. 
very_good Whether [DiCaprio] confronts lost love or the dream world crumbles in a glorious symphony of exploding fruit and buildings, Inception is beautiful, high-class chaos. 
good It is that rarest of beasts: a slippery, cerebral summer blockbuster that slaloms from illusion to reality and back again and leaves its viewer bewitched, bothered and bewildered. 
best It's said that Christopher Nolan spent ten years writing his screenplay for Inception. That must have involved prodigious concentration, like playing blindfold chess while walking a tight-wire. 
best The movies have produced one of their rare works of great art, disguised as an action thriller -- a thoughtful and thought-provoking meditation disguised as a con game carried out in a dream ... within a dream ... within a dream. 
good It's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions and with nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath no bottom. 
fair Surely the most intellectually and viscerally engaging action film in years. 
good One of the best things about Nolan as a director is that he's not self-conscious. His movies unfold and fold in on themselves without the strain of labor or flash. But that lack of self-consciousness is also Nolan's downside. 
fair The dream logic of Inception -- which deals, like Nolan's far more intriguing Memento, with the architecture of memory and the nature of reality -- is stymied by a clunking script, crammed with expository exchanges and urgent blather. 
best Inspired at times by movie classics, modern and otherwise - 'Dark City' and 'Minority Report,' but also 'Metropolis,' 'Citizen Kane' and the best 007 adventures - it earns its place in the same conversation, a tribute to Nolan's ingenuity. 
very_good A singular film that seeps into your brain so much so that you might leave the theater looking at the world differently. 
fair Writer/director Christopher Nolan is too obsessed with the mechanics of the gimmick and plot of Inception to make any intellectual leaps off the screen. 
fair A remarkable achievement in ingenuity and storytelling. 
bad For a motion picture set within the boundless reaches of the subconscious, Inception is depressingly lacking in imagination. 
best Consider this as a form of inception from a film review: see it again, and while you're at it, see it a third time. 
best No matter how high your personal expectations for "Inception" may be, the film not only meets but wildly exceeds them. 
best One of the most intoxicating, challenging and beautiful movies of the 21st century, deserving of multiple Oscar nominations. 
best Inception is the first masterful video game movie (never mind that it isn't based on a video game). 
best A masterpiece on a grand scale that is not just an ingenious work of science fiction but may be the best film since Rear Window to play along with your mind's eye on how we view movies altogether. 
best Inception is either a great, mind-bending movie or one big swindle. Let's go with the former. 
bad Christopher Nolan's existential sci-fi heist flick is always riveting, if not always comprehensible. 
very_bad Inception is Instruction Manual Cinema, a film that spends so much time explaining the rules of its narrative conceit that it fails to either emotionally engage or, except in a few notable spots, viscerally thrill. 
best The simplest way to sum up the greatness of Inception is to identify it as a new classic of science-fiction cinema (and, for that matter, the heist genre). 
best Brilliantly directed and superbly conceived, this is a genuinely exciting, intelligent thriller with stunning visuals, gripping action scenes, a brilliantly constructed script and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast. 
terrible None of this prattling drivel adds up to one iota of cogent or convincing logic. You never know who anyone is, what their goals are, who they work for or what they're doing. 
best A sublime brain-twister of a movie that plays out so intricately on so many levels simultaneously that a bathroom break comes at your own peril. 
best A master stroke from a director in his prime. Inception is leagues above any live action film released in 2010. 
good How can it be that a bunch of people sitting around scheming nonsense can prove so compelling? Only David Fincher knows how to take a studio's money and spin it as stylishly as Nolan. 
good Inception is an elegant, portentous ride, though I'm not sure Nolan is any closer to visualizing the real (dream) deal than Hitchcock was. 
best While the mind-bending story might not be as cerebral as it seems, it completely envelops us 
best Watching Inception is like striking a match and setting your brain on fire. 
very_good In this wildly ingenious chess game, grandmaster Nolan plants ideas in our heads that disturb and dazzle. The result is a knockout. But be warned: Inception dreams big. 
very_good At first, Inception left me cold, feeling as if I'd just eavesdropped on somebody's bad acid trip. Now I find I can't get the film out of my mind, which is really the whole point of it, isn't it? 
best So now I've watched Inception, had my mind splattered all over the theater just like I knew it would be, and I still don't really know what it's about. That's just how amazing this movie is. 
best Can a summer blockbuster with a multi-million dollar budget really be this smart, moving and intellectually thrilling? Pinch yourselves, we could still be dreaming. 
very_good The next step in [Christopher] Nolan's evolution as one of the master filmmakers of our time ... combines the jaw-dropping action of The Dark Knight with the ingenious plotting of Memento. 
best You will no doubt need to see Inception more than once to appreciate every nuance of Nolan's carefully balanced ambiguities - but, more importantly, you will also want to. 
best Mind-bending and time-twisting, it's the most exciting thrill-ride of the summer. 
best The visuals, with their sweeping grey-blue Gotham-like cityscapes and preference for real-life stunts over computer trickery, are jaw-past-yer-knees outstanding. 
good A film erupting with ideas, ambition and intelligence, one that credits the viewer with the capacity for some mental heavy lifting. 
best It is hugely impressive that, given what was at stake, Nolan has managed to not only pull this out of the bag, but to absolutely nail it. The film is as all-encompassing as the concept of its title: grand, epic, smart and unforgettable. 
best With physics-defying, thunderous action, heart-wringing emotion and an astonishing performance from DiCaprio, Nolan delivers another true original: welcome to an undiscovered country. 
best Nolan's most personal and daring film, "Inception" contains some of Nolan's most innovative ideas since "Memento." It's also his most successful movie in terms of being able to fully realize every nuance of such a rich concept. 
best Inception could very well be Nolan's masterpiece. 
very_good Inception doesn't just dream bigger than most movies even dare, but it leaves the audience feeling inspired to do the same. 
best I expected a lot,but still walked out hypnotized. Here's a movie that's 3 steps ahead of you, on 4 different levels, at 5 blinding speeds. Best of 2010 thus far. (No Spoilers) 
best A wildly entertaining and dazzling mind-trip not to be missed. Kubrick would have been proud. 
best Inception is a masterpiece. Making a huge film with big ambitions, Christopher Nolan never missteps and manages to create a movie that, at times, feels like a miracle. 
fair We asked for more, and we got it. But maybe two is enough. 
good Better than the first perhaps because the cultural references are tied more organically to the emotional state of their characters. Or perhaps it's because "The Trip to Italy" is just funnier, tighter, and more focused. 
good Comedy sequel The Trip to Italy is almost exactly like its predecessor The Trip, and for the most part, that's a good thing. 
fair an expanded traveling road show of goofy My Dinner with Andre moments without the pretension of hardcore art-house approach 
very_good Is it inappropriate to laugh in the presence of a petrified victim of the volcanic eruption at Pompeii, even if that 'presence' is footage on a movie screen? If you think the answer is 'Yes,' then please avoid 'The Trip to Italy.' 
very_good A sadder, more penetrating - yet still very funny - work that may linger in the mind longer than The Trip. 
good "The Trip to Italy" does feel kind of like a second helping of pasta - just as tasty as the first, but not quite as necessary. 
fair Leisurely and sublimely sybaritic, filled with irrepressibly clever repartee 
bad By the time Coogan is addressing Brydon as Yorick in a skull-filled catacomb outside Naples, the film's true subject has been made as crystal clear as the case surrounding a lava-crusted corpse in old Pompeii. 
good In a summer full of sequels, who would have thought one of the best ones would feature two British comedians having even more conversations over dinner? 
good The Trip to Italy doesn't feel entirely new, but there's comfort in familiarity, too. 
fair The script's guideposts are tighter, and both men are even more on their game. 
very_good If "The Trip to Italy" begins shakily, it ends with expansive bliss ... 
good If you laughed at Coogan and Brydon's (sometimes astonishing) mimicry in "The Trip," you'll smile again. If not, you probably won't go out of your way to find the sequel. 
fair The Trip to Italy will rekindle an appreciation for that special friend (or friends) with whom you can always be yourself, who knows how to make you laugh, who accepts you without judgment and without fail. 
terrible As we watch, the thought keeps returning, over and over: Why watch these people? What's the point? Film anybody's trip to Italy, and it would be more interesting than this, or at least equally boring. 
very_good With Winterbottom's first-ever sequel, his "Trip" films now rival &#65279;Linklater's "Before" series in charting how a twosome evolves over time. Plus, they're bloody hilarious. 
very_good Some second courses are delicious, others an acquired taste. This pasta-filled follow-up to "The Trip" is a little of both. 
good Ever been on a trip with absurdly witty people who constantly one-up each other, to the point that it's either hilarious or exhausting? 
bad ...a stale rehash of its demonstrably superior predecessor... 
very_good While the conceit of Michael Winterbottom's The Trip to Italy is basically a carbon copy of 2010's The Trip, this follow up is no less winning and is actually more charming than its predecessor. 
fair A virtual duplication of the original Trip experience. 
very_good If Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon were even 7 percent less amusing, "The Trip to Italy" would have no reason to exist, even with its casually gorgeous scenery and shattering close-ups of seafood pasta fresh out of the kitchen. 
bad In The Trip to Italy, it feels as if they're simply doing a routine, and it's the same shtick we've already seen. 
good While Rick Steves possesses an extensive amount of useful information, he may have some competition if Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon ever start compiling travel guides. 
fair Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are reinvesting the so-called buddy comedy with the concept that, sometimes, friendship is not enough. 
good It's a skimpy premise for a movie, but it works because the two men are just so darned funny. 
good I'd follow these guys "'round the horn" in a second. Maybe that's where they'll head next time. 
bad The Trip to Italy ... presents less a narrative than a series of dinnertime conversations between fictionalized versions of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon. 
good Yes, these friends play rough and you wouldn't want to compete at their table, but through Winterbottom's funny and slyly serious film, you can experience their creativity from a seat nearby. 
good The funniest bits are when the mimicry and the insults converge. 
bad The celebrity mimicry and the shouted jokes still can't conceal how stale around the edges the concept is getting. 
good The pair bicker cheekily and needle each other in clever, amusing ways. At their best, they have almost a syncopated rhythm to their comical sparring. 
good More very funny impersonations from Rob Brydon and Steve Coogan. 
fair The Trip to Italy's total lack of necessity has little bearing on its enjoyability. 
good The result is delectable, in spite of Mr. Coogan's self-conscious misgivings-meta-commentary on the film itself, one imagines-about repeating the trip. 
bad Coogan and Brydon make terrific companions for us partially because, at least as they appear onscreen, they're so amusingly incompatible themselves. 
fair The Trip To Italy ends abruptly, but for almost two distinctly pleasurable hours, the film lets audiences be third parties in Coogan and Brydon's dinner conversation. 
very_good If you go in for allusive British humor that builds slowly from dry to uproarious, as executed by two absolute masters of the form, "The Trip To Italy" will work for you, I believe. 
fair As the film moseyed on I wished director Michael Winterbottom would sharpen his focus a bit and get to the point, any point. 
good As enjoyable as the first movie was, its follow-up successfully evolves that formula into an equally enjoyable film. 
very_good After all their decades of comical sparring, Rob Brydon FINALLY makes Steve Coogan crack up on camera 
very_good The Trip To Italy is a near-perfect sequel once again filled with delectable treats, non-stop laughter, and a slew of impressions that almost outshine the gorgeous plates of 5-Star Italian delicacies. 
fair Michael Winterbottom and his gifted actors still haven't quite solved the riddle of portraying social disconnection in a manner that's anything other than sporadically involving. 
fair The whole thing is a thin and flimsy travelogue but the banter between the pair makes it better and far funnier than it has any right to be. 
good I could watch Brydon and Coogan read the phone book, because they'd make it funny. In fact, watching them eat and riff is not far removed from reading a phone book; and it is very, very funny. A total delight from start to finish. 
bad But the chief pleasure lies once again in the free-flowing and largely improvised chitchat between Rob and Steve, little sketches and impersonations, riffs built on the latest fads and fashionable cliches. 
bad One would have hoped for a fresher menu of gags, situations and conversation topics...A likeable travelogue with some lovely scenery, it's pleasant time-killing stuff. 
bad It's still a distinct pleasure watching banter between comedic actors this good. 
bad While Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are fun and draw some solid laughs from the limitations of the premise, this particular trip is still baggy and self-indulgent. 
bad There is no denying Coogan and Brydon's comedic chemistry; their impersonations are humorous (especially their elongated bit about The Dark Knight Rises and Tom Hardy), but that alone cannot carry an entire narrative. 
very_good The Trip to Italy is just an assault of laughs... 
fair Rob Brydon surprises in the best way possible and proves to be the x-factor that makes this Trip to Italy that bit different and more interesting than the first. 
very_good British comedians and dueling partners Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are back in this witty and incisive follow-up to "The Trip." 
best The Trip to Italy is a hilarious romp through the Italian countryside. 
good We know the recipe now-Winterbottom never departs from it, giving this installment slightly less kick-but the guys have curious appetites they barely understand. 
good Coogan and Brydon are endlessly entertaining. Watching these two have a go at each other is a pleasure. 
bad Their improvisation has been honed to the point where the jokes land solidly without losing naturalism and the pair of them are clearly enjoying la dolce vita ... 
good a subtle, understated study of a complex individual. 
bad Visualmente insosso (o jogo entre P&B e cor parece apenas querer chamar a atencao), o filme empalidece tematicamente diante de Kinsey e nao retrata Page de maneira particularmente interessante, apesar da otima performance de Mol. 
good Refreshingly, Mol doesn't play Page as a dumb bunny but as someone who discovered that narrow middle ground between sweetness and sexiness. 
best Watching Mol in action in the title role, it's impossible to imagine anyone else in the part. 
bad A small, strangely sweet tale well told. But this is all about Mol, who puts in a performance that gives her a very early lead on next year's Oscar race. 
bad Mary Harron's Bettie Page biopic is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by Gretchen Mol, but it's also frustratingly vague and never gets beneath the surface. 
very_bad Harron is not judgemental in her approach, which allows Bettie's sweet nature to shine through. However, there's a nagging dissatisfaction that comes from being too detached from her subject. 
bad Turns out to be a movie with little to remember despite the precise craft and efforts of its creators. It's as if they worked hard for nothing. 
fair ...reminds us that there was a time when a smiling woman in a jungle-striped bikini frolicking with tigers was more threatening to some folks than an imminent communist threat. 
very_good ...there is a whiff of embalming fluid about the production ; too much of it seems like an incredible re-creation of the lost and gone forever. 
very_bad In Mary Harron's film biography of the nude and naughty pin-up girl, Notorious is synonymous with 'joyless.' 
good Shots of the later-in-life Bettie dressing for a day of street evangelizing remind us that standard woman's fashions can be as binding as Irving Klaw's getups. 
fair It's sort of baffling that The Notorious Bettie Page turns out to be almost boring -- especially when you consider the talent involved. 
good The movie is lightheartedly thoughtful. 
bad We exit with too clear a sense of the filmmakers' flaws, but Mol's nuanced character triumphs and can firmly situate itself in the milieu of Bettie Page. 
fair A cardboard portrayal that acknowledges Page's reputed braininess, yet argues that she didn't understand the implications of her sultry photographs. 
good We can't always be sure what's archival and what's simulated because sometimes the filmmakers are trying to fool us. But their preoccupation with the manufacture of images keeps this exercise in exposure and concealment interesting. 
bad ... a splendid visual treat ... 
bad Disappointingly skin-deep and almost shockingly wholesome. 
very_good Mol's guile-free performance captures what seems to be the essence of Bettie Page, that of a woman who could turn dirty pictures into good clean fun. 
good About a time when taking off one's clothes for a camera was notorious. We can't go back there, but this is an enjoyable, uncritical visit. 
bad The film is a superficial biographical drama that reveals next to nothing new about its subject. 
very_bad It isn't a bad film, but it isn't a good film, either. Basically, it's a movie that doesn't have a good reason for having been made. 
fair Harron should have stuck with black and white and filled in her story with more shades of gray. 
fair It's a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest. 
good The character's lack of dimension rarely hampers the frisky retro fun. 
fair This listless biopic of the famed 1950s model is as timid and tame as her photos seem today. 
fair ... it doesn't bring us any closer to understanding Page's life, or the origins of the multi-billion dollar porn industry. 
fair To attempt to re-create this is a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest. 
bad Less an expose than a wide-angle exposure of Gretchen Mol, who would measure up as a calendar girl in any decade. 
best This film puts us in Bettie's heart where she wants us, not in her pants as she had been dismissed. 
good Gretchen Mol is amazing as Bettie. 
fair Feels like a rough draft in which one element -- Mol's performance -- stands out as the real thing. 
very_good Mol and Harron neither put her down nor hoist her up. Rather than breaking Bettie Page into voyeuristic parts, they leave her mysteriously complete. 
fair Mol is a delight as the saucy brunette, a God-fearing innocent seemingly oblivious to the use of those lascivious pinup photographs for which she so cheerfully posed. 
good Astute -- even frisky -- as it is, Notorious Bettie Page never shakes being enamored of the mystery of Page. 
fair It's a handsome, often funny piece of work with a nearly fatal inability to settle on a tone. 
bad The movie covers a lot of territory, but feels like a thin story with nothing substantial to grasp onto. Yes it's sexy at times, but it's still boring. 
terrible Doesn't give us any more insight into her life than the voiceless, glossy photos we have seen time and time again. 
good It does a bang-up job of illuminating why many a contemporary pop icon and, online, a whole new generation of men have taken to Bettie. 
fair A lively film that is disappointing because it so clearly has the raw materials to be much, much better. 
very_good The tone of the movie is subdued and reflective. It does not defend pornography, but regards it (in its 1950s incarnation) with subdued nostalgia for a more innocent time. 
bad There are interesting parallels between the hemmed-in culture of America's paranoid postwar years and the enforced restraint and caged sexuality of the fetish photos that flourished at the time, but they go unexplored. 
fair Beyond the physical resemblance the filmmakers managed to give her, Mol gives a truly breakout performance here. 
bad Although Page is described as the model who shocked the nation, "The Notorious Bettie Page" is notable only for how very unshocking it is. 
fair Bettie Page more closely resembles a TV movie than a probing feature. 
bad Harron and Turner toy with an underdeveloped theme involving Page's efforts to reconcile shame-based religious teachings and her belief that God made the nude body and invested it with an inherent spark of the divine. 
fair Because its interest is in Page as an inadvertent erotic icon, Harron's movie plays more like a gentle conceptual satire on all-American 1950s hypocrisy than an attempt to probe the person herself. 
fair The Notorious Bettie Page is about the mundane but living humanity behind the pictures, the regular person behind a decade's fantasies. 
bad Harron and her co-screenwriter Guinevere Turner chart Page's ascension as reigning diva of decadence with the sort of historic expansiveness usually reserved for dead presidents and Nobel winners. 
fair There's something enchanted about the way this film presents Page, as if her innocence were a protective bubble that carried her through her life. It's a terrific movie. 
fair The movie never seems to make up its mind but, far worse, it never quite gets inside Betty's. 
good Page [is] played as if on a mission by Gretchen Mol. 
bad Except for its wonderfully nostalgic look, which painstakingly evokes memories of '50s movies, and Mol's sunny disposition, Bettie Page doesn't amount to much. 
bad The chance for a great film has been lost in favor of an okay film with great moments. 
very_bad As lightweight as a silk negligee, Mary Harron's homage ... never fully convinces that the model was more than a '50 pop culture footnote. 
bad Perhaps its biggest crime is that it has succeeded at being what Bettie Page never was: forgettable. 
very_bad The new film captures the look of the period and, in star Gretchen Mol, has an actress who capably counterfeits Page's exuberance. What it doesn't have is a reason for being. 
fair Mary Harron's exuberant biographical film stars Gretchen Mol as the 1950's pinup queen Bettie Page. 
very_bad Bettie seems nice enough, and we don't actually get any insight into either her or her times, that is except that porn was far tamer back then then it is now. 
fair It's very possible that the subject just doesn't deserve a biopic, that quite possibly Bettie Page's impact on the popular culture is more interesting than how she made that impact. 
fair More clever than insightful, [but] Harron makes the most of that humorously earnest style ripped from the pin-up pages. 
very_good Gretchen Mol gives a career-defining performance as the '50s pin-up model 
good A delightful movie. 
fair If you could give an Oscar for radiating joy while clad in knee-high, spiky leather boots and a corset, Gretchen Mol deserves it. 
good Director Mary Harron chooses the path of least resistance while keeping it playful and provocative. 
fair Resisting the conventions of the traditional biopic at every turn, The Notorious Bettie Page never finds its footing as a story. 
good It's not too often that an otherwise characterless movie comes along that captivates by the sheer power and personality of a single performance. 
good Style-wise the film's a winner. 
good [Mol] delivers the first performance by an actress this year that deserves serious Oscar consideration. 
fair The movie's exploration of its supposedly sleazy milieu from a distinctively female point of view is invigorating, and the recreations of the period ... are a retro-kick. 
good Director Harron refrains from moralizing (against very soft-core but sometimes kink-oriented porn) or making political statements (supporting First Amendment rights), but her treatment of Page herself is decidedly affectionate. 
very_bad No doubt, there's more to Bettie Page than meets the eye, but you wouldn't know it from this affectless, pointless movie. 
best Tells the fascinating tale of a world-renowned sex-kitten, and it does so with copious doses of heart, wit, beauty, and a palpable sense of respect. 
bad The lackadaiscal plot, cheesy jokes and lack of originality make Caddy nothing more than a trashy comedy, but at least it's occasionally an entertaining one. 
very_bad [A] depressing, stereotype-filled reworking of Caddyshack. 
terrible Who's Your Caddy? is the sort of film Homer Simpson might watch, perhaps on a triple bill with Hail to the Chimp and The School of Hard Knockers. 
bad Replays the same underdog outsiders-vs.-Establishment snobs scenario found in a million earlier stories about hillbillies in Beverly Hills, nerds on campus, Marx Brothers at the opera and so on. 
terrible Big Boi's awful golf comedy is way below par. 
terrible Operates in broad, one-note, stereotyped lowest common denominator strokes that yield very little in the way of funny. 
terrible Instantly disposable. 
terrible ...strictly amateur night. 
very_bad About the best that can be said for this clunky mixture of tired stereotypes, obvious gags, and on-the-nose social commentary is that it's relatively short, clocking in just less than 90 minutes. 
terrible I don't know how screenwriters could turn out this rip-off of "Caddyshack" and not get sued. 
terrible ...let us call the completely dreadful Caddyshack II the Glitter of golf cinema, leaving Who's Your Caddy to be its From Justin to Kelly. 
terrible The most degrading, minstrel coon show since Soul Plane! 
very_bad C-Note is essentially a one-note character. And that note is flat. 
terrible A fiasco that never met a crass stereotype it didn't milk for lowest-common-denominator laughs. 
terrible Director Don Michael Paul's only other movie you may have heard of (2002's Half Past Dead) was a Steven Seagal movie -- and his latest pales in comparison. 
terrible The movie decides, after 30 minutes of black people clowning like it's 1939, to be a melodrama about injustice and, sigh, redemption. 
terrible If this demeaning movie had been made by mainstream Hollywood, it would be courting charges of racism. 
fair Where Caddy really shines is in the supporting comedy ensemble, which acts like a demented Greek chorus, tossing out bits of incongruous dialogue that hit the funny bone more often than not. 
very_bad "...populated exclusively by clownish characters - of every color. 
terrible It's staggering how little ambition the formerly aim-high Outkast crew showed with this limp Caddyshack knock-off. 
terrible Rap isn't the irritant; you'd get dirty looks at a golf course for blasting Kenny G too. 
terrible The few gags that are even kind of funny will elicit polite golf applause and not much else. 
best One of the greatest films of post-WWII Hollywood. 
best All About Eve is not only a brilliant and clever portrait of an actress, it is a downright funny film, from its opening scene to the final fadeout. 
best Joseph L Mankiewicz's film dissects the narcissism and hypocrisy of the spotlight as sharply as [Billy Wilder's Sunset Blvd], but pays equal attention to the challenges of enacting womanhood. 
best A classic movie, whose qualities remind us that there once was a Hollywood where such sophisticated treats could be made. 
fair All About Eve is deliciously fun to watch with characters playing versions of themselves (most noticeably Bette Davis) and being quite introspective for its day. 
best Bette Davis is fabulous in this role. 
best Mankiewicz's inside knowledge of show business and its particular personality types gives the film an authenticity and allows for its famously devastating acid wit. [Blu-ray] 
best In our celebrity-obsessed culture, it's possible that All About Eve is more important than ever. Scratch that. How about it's more entertaining than ever? 
best Classic movie about an ambitious woman. 
best Sanders...was ideally cast in this role: you can feel in Addison's every word the world-weariness of the actor who would eventually commit suicide at age 65... 
best Put simply, one of the greatest movies ever made. 
best Here is a real Christmas treat: a restored version of Joseph L Mankiewicz's jet-black 1950 comedy about Margo Channing, elegant leading lady of the theatre, superbly played by Bette Davis. 
good A total joy. 
best One of Hollywood's finest backstage dramas. If nothing else Davis should have been rewarded for services to the tobacco industry. 
best Apart from the monochrome photography, all that dates the film is the chain-smoking and the fact that these are theatre folk rather than movie stars (frequent in-jokes about the low art of Hollywood pepper the script). 
best For old-school Hollywood movie-making at its most polished, literate and sophisticated there is really nothing to match it. 
best Intelligent script ... mesmerizing performances 
best Amazing performances top the list of positive qualities in Joseph L Mankiewicz' All About Eve. 
good Forget Foreman vs. Ali, this is Baxter vs. Davis in one of Hollywood's greatest showdowns. 
best Poucos roteiros, em toda a Historia do Cinema, conseguiram reunir tantos dialogos memoraveis. 
best Outstanding Mankiewicz film with the perfect cast. 
best My all-time favorite film. 
best A motion picture that, because of its priceless dialogue and unforgettable lead performance, will never lose its luster. 
very_good With a towering, self-mocking performance by Ms. Davis...the satire remains as entertaining today, and as relevant, as ever before. 
good Boffo look at the backstabbing backstage world of Broadway 
best One of the best send-ups of the inside back-stabbing and infighting that goes on in Hollywood ever put to film. 
best It's about the glory of acting. 
very_good All About Eve is a film that you see completely differently once you know what's going to happen. 
best While its attitudes toward women are dated, its wit and perceptiveness are as fresh today as they were in 1950. 
best The screenplay... may be the most biting example of hard-boiled wit ever to come out of Hollywood, and it is stylishly performed at a breakneck pace by a uniformly expert cast. 
best The film is filled with a nice dark humor that is rare for the I-Like-Ike decade of filmmaking. 
very_good Just as Rirkrit Tiravanija had done in the '90s when he converted New York City galleries into live kitchens, he changes one's relation to a movie theater to a space for meditation. 
fair [It] rewards concentration once you adjust to its glacial pace and its radically minimalist aesthetic. 
bad Too ludicrous to take seriously, yet too po-faced to laugh at, it sacrifices wit and energy for intensity. 
good Rarely do you find a modern reboot that has the power to satisfy fans of a revered franchise while simultaneously grabbing audiences unfamiliar with the original and kicking them in the teeth. 
terrible Maybe I am just getting too old for this stuff. 
bad Evil Dead owes everything to its predecessor, and [director Fede] Alvarez never tries to hide that fact, even when his movie feels painfully redundant. 
bad The filmmakers behind this Evil Dead remake have completely missed what made Sam Raimi's original film work so well, opting instead for a typical horror bloodbath that fails to differentiate itself. 
fair An (extremely) blood good time that will likely please horror fans. 
bad Alvarez does show some directorial flair but this is not as frightening as it would like to believe it is, nor as interesting. 
good The film is about nothing more than Alvarez devising amusingly fiendish ways of freaking out audiences. 
bad Alvarez doesn't succeed in making Evil Dead terrifying, but he does make it as prodigiously intense and gory for our time as the original was for its own. 
bad A spookily effective remake of the ultra-low budget 1981 cult horror classic by Sam Raimi, the gore and blood is so plentiful here it even falls from the sky...A must for fans, Evil Dead also affirms horror as the most remake-friendly genre going. 
bad Fernandez's film falls most flat, as Raimi's Dead pics are full of comedy, whether Three-Stooges-indebted or just plain black and gross-out, while this rethink is monotonously serious - and really a bit evilly dull at times. 
bad I will always appreciate a horror flick that introduces novel and inventive ways to dispatch of its cast. But the frights are almost totally absent. So what are we even doing here? 
bad Alvarez seems to know where to pay tribute to the original... but he also knows where to depart... Overall, his new movie packs a punch. 
terrible If Hollywood is having trouble with deciding who its 'war and terror' enemies are, that's nothing compared with its crisis in horror. 
very_bad All the requisite blood and gits but not much else to offer by way of entertainment. 
bad Using the very latest Cern-tested atom interferometry, we can reveal that Evil Dead is precisely, exactly - in the coldest atomic terms -the film that you were expecting. 
fair Remaking an iconic classic is dangerous business, even if the original filmmakers are on board as producers, but at least Uruguayan writer-director Alvarez has a few clever ideas up his sleeve. 
very_bad Happy days for those who love this sort of thing. But Raimi's effort, perhaps because we hadn't seen the plot before, was infinitely more scary. 
good This could easily have been the best demon possession film released in decades. Instead it is just a very effective, still-terrifying, evil retread. 
very_bad There's no suspense, and it isn't scary. 
bad The characters are forgettable but the horror they suffer lingers in the memory, for good or ill. 
bad A full-bloodedly grisly and macabre film that zaps over a few scares. 
very_bad Anonymous, forgettable and doesn't hold a candle to the brilliant original. 
good I was left clamping my hand to my open jaw, not so much in terror, more in shocked hilarity at how grand the guignol was willing to go. 
bad Well made and delivers buckets of the red stuff, but it's hampered by poorly developed characters, a lack of humour and a tendency to substitute gore for actual scares. 
good Sam Raimi's horror classic gets a terrifying and intense rebirth for the 21st century. 
bad Despite much old-school splatter, it's seldom frightening and oddly unfunny. 
good Alvarez adopts the film language of Raimi's films, adds more to the bag of tricks, and keeps the sardonic attitude without necessarily being slapstick. 
very_bad Lacking Raimi's transgressive invention and wit, there really are some things that man should not meddle with. 
bad At its best, manages to recapture the original's hardcore nastiness. It could certainly do with laughing at itself a bit more, though. 
good A must-see for horror fans, Evil Dead is great fun from start to finish and establishes the basis for a rejuvenated franchise that could fuse with past demon defiance rather than overwrite them. 
bad Comparisons to the original are inevitable yet the filmmakers deserve the right for this to be judged of its own accord and it's not a terrible movie. 
bad No matter how you slice it, it's a kind of horror wind-up toy: Once you set it in motion, it's going to do the same thing it always does. This one's no different. 
bad Well...I didn't hate it. 
bad A big, spewing slab of gory, red meat entertainment, carved out with all the delicacy of a sputtering chainsaw, for fans a horror movie classic that just refuses to die. 
bad Rather overt about its intentions to replace the campfire story creepiness of [the original] with over-the-top gore effects and a truly unfortunate reliance on jump scares. 
terrible If you watched the first film's vine attack and went, 'You know what this needs? This needs to be more like hentai.' If you thought that, then this film is for you. 
very_good Enjoy but be warned: you might need a tetanus shot and stitches just watching it. 
very_good By the time the last excruciatingly spilled blood drips, Evil Dead stakes its claim as a worthy remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 horror classic. 
bad ...a disappointingly run-of-the-mill horror effort that remains a far cry from Raimi's superior predecessor... 
good While staying true to the spirit of low-budget horror, Alvarez also brings a visual elegance to even the most gruesome of sights, from a puss-engorged hand being possessed by a demon, to the minutiae of being buried alive 
fair Even as a huge fan of The Evil Dead, it's impossible to wholeheartedly embrace this one when just last year we were treated to a cabin-in-the-woods yarn -- The Cabin in the Woods, of course -- that carried on Raimi's legacy far better than this film does. 
terrible I think they really lost me when evil enters our heroine through her vajayjay (you can't unsee that). 
good It's easily the goriest, goopiest, most visceral, bloody and violent movie I've seen with an R rating. But that's the point, and it was a lot of fun to watch. 
good ... an all-out, balls-to-the-wall fright fest with allusions to The Exorcist, early Cronenberg, REC and Texas Chainsaw Massacre ... Raimi sans the laughter. 
fair The minute you see the electric knife slicing into some bloody roast beef, you know The Evil Dead is piercing the right vein of genre horror. 
very_good Fede Alvarez loudly proclaims "THIS IS MY BOOMSTICK" and delivers a horror remake which defies the Gods by almost challenging the quality of Evil Dead itself - keyword, almost. 
good Not everyone will want to spend money on a ticket to nausea, of course, but you can't fault a director for achieving precisely what he set out to do, even if it mainly revolves around dismemberment. 
bad This flesh-rending retread simply doesn't recapture the ferocious energy of the low-budget fright-fest that set Sam Raimi down the yellow brick road to Hollywood. 
bad You're better off giving Raimi's original another spin. 
very_good An uncompromising, hardcore, balls-to-the-wall fright flick. 
good For those unfamiliar with the original films, this latest Evil Dead serves well enough as a neatly packaged, delightfully repulsive gore fest. 
fair As is the rule for modern horror movies, the violence and language are uglier than before, but the people are a lot prettier. 
bad A gore fest that's just effective enough to whet fans' appetite for a sequel, even as it kills everyone else's appetite for dinner. 
fair Remakes don't get much better than Evil Dead - in terms of revitalizing the franchise and servicing both veteran and newcomer viewers. 
fair It's a remake so the chopping, slashing and mutilating isn't as much fun as Sam Raimi's 1981 original, but it looks more realistic. If this crap is your thing, enjoy. 
good The original is of course better, but this remake delivers the gore in a big way. 
fair There's no break from the intense gore and horror, no ironic wink; Evil Dead is the basic nightmare tale of five doomed individuals trapped in a cabin by an evil entity. And where's the fun in that? 
bad That hope for a creative spark has allowed audiences to overlook the notable flaws of Alvarez's film. I get it. I want to love it too. But there are times where it's so hard to do so. 
good The very satisfying result is a lovingly crafted, chaotically loud noise-symphony conducted in honor of evisceration, agony, vomit and other gnarly delights. 
best Bloody, disgusting, dark, scary and all with just a very small hint of that classic Raimi slapstick, the new Evil Dead delivers what you'd expect in spades and then goes beyond to both gross you out and kick some butt. 
bad Sure, this is a higher-budget re-tread. But a remake shouldn't exist simply to ramp up the graphic violence, even if special effects have improved immeasurably in the past 30 years. 
very_bad Without an appealing, charismatic lead, this remake is pretty vacant. 
very_bad It can boast of some truly extraordinary special effects, but this Evil Dead is far more gruesome than awesome. 
fair So long as you grit your teeth and keep your eyes on the screen, it's an enjoyable, if almost academic, exercise in bad taste. 
good It's a fun spookshow - if chainsaw violence is your idea of fun - but it's sure not my "The Evil Dead." But that's OK. It's someone else's, now. 
good Alvarez is relentless in his pacing, delivering blow upon blow with so much breathless gusto that you don't know whether to scream, vomit or laugh maniacally. 
bad In memory of beloved horror-booster Roger Ebert I'm gonna give it one hideously mangled tongues-up. 
very_bad [A] geek show masquerading as horror. 
good It might not be "Cabin in the Woods," but this cabin in the woods nevertheless holds a sharp-toothed bite. 
very_bad A 2013 Evil Dead should have a healthy dose of self-awareness and adrenaline. This movie lacks both. 
very_good not just a taste of the old religion, it's really pretty great. 
very_good Evil Dead for True Horror Fans Only 
fair Lacks the puckish cleverness of the original films, and if it stood on its own I doubt it'd spawn the same following. But it's not bad as run-of-the-mill horror goes. 
fair What this "Evil Dead" gets most right is its tone, paying homage yet staking its own territory; it's scary without being downbeat, fun without being too jokey. 
bad The new "Evil Dead" has none of the first movie's handmade charm or hilarity, intentional or otherwise. 
good While it's impossible to surpass the original - so much of its fame is a function of its time - Alvarez's version still manages to measure up. 
fair This Evil Dead is polished and meticulously planned, and it benefits from the attention to detail as well as from Alvarez's obvious love for the spirit of the source material. 
bad Bloody havoc? Check. Exuberant gore? Check. Fun? Meh. 
bad It's not scary. It's not shocking. It just wallows in viscera. 
very_good It may not be the return of Ash that everyone wants, but in terms of taking an honored original and reimagining it for a post-millennial audience, this remake rocks. 
very_good This blood-soaked remake improves on its cheeky source material, paying homage while establishing its own identity for younger horror fans who never knew there was an earlier "Evil Dead." 
bad Whether you think it's a good movie will depend largely upon your stomach for gruesome violence. Then again, if you are going to see a movie called "Evil Dead," you're probably going to be OK. 
very_bad "Evil Dead" turns Raimi's homemade horror treat into a professional-looking, overscripted bore. 
bad It's never truly scary, but it is spectacularly disgusting, so if that turns you on, prepare to be thrilled beyond measure. 
bad [This] is an efficient, exceedingly grisly horror film that goes places that Raimi could only dream of in the '80s ... Yet, without the low-rent cheesiness ... that made the originals so enjoyable, [it] becomes a numbing exercise in overkill. 
very_bad Call this Evil Dead "Dead Serious," with actors who read cliches with all the conviction of a cast on a bad soap opera. 
bad Alvarez is primarily interested in upping his corpse count, in the most gruesome ways imaginable. In this, he is undeniably successful. He also establishes an effectively breathless pace, and weaves in a steady stream of fan-friendly references. 
terrible If it hadn't been my paying job as a critic to watch Fede Alvarez's remake of Evil Dead all the way to the end, I probably would have headed for the exit door long before the point where somebody cuts off her own arm with an electric carving knife. 
bad The Evil Dead was an absolute blast. Evil Dead is just a well-made gross-out, and it's kind of a bummer. 
fair There are two types of people in the world. Those who should under no circumstances see the horror sequel/reboot Evil Dead and those who just gotta see it. 
fair The whole purpose behind this remake seems to be the same one behind many horror films these days: to throw as many buckets of blood around on the screen as you possibly can. 
bad Evil Dead, however, accomplishes what it sets out to do: Scare viewers silly and uphold a tradition. 
good Dark and nasty. More of a companion piece to Raimi's original than an all-out remake. Very well done. Not for the faint of heart. 
good For fans of hard-core horror, "Evil Dead" definitely delivers. 
good From beginning to end, this reconfigured "Evil Dead" feels as if it were made by people who know exactly what fans of this sort of movie are looking for. 
fair That speedy camera-through-the-woods rampaging demon effect still thrills three decades later. 
good The setup and geography are consistent with the original, though the film never makes the mistake of trying to rebottle the lightning that electrified Sam Raimi's movie. 
bad A dead end. 
bad The really scary thing about Fede Alvarez's Evil Dead is its failure to shock. Are we all now completely desensitized to movie horror? 
bad You can't remake a sense of humor. Alvarez may well have one, but it'll have to wait for the next project. 
fair For all of his movie's predictability, director Fede Alvarez finds several ways to increase the creep factor, largely by playing the scares straight and sticking to an unabashedly old-school approach. 
terrible I'm bored to death and sick to death of movies that seem to have one goal: How can we gross out the audience by torturing nearly every major character in the movie? 
very_bad Brings nothing to the table but more money and more gore. 
bad ...for a film about demonic possession it is surprisingly soulless. 
fair Better than most horror remakes, but it's hardly an improvement, and I sincerely hope it's not the most terrifying film you will ever experience. 
good ...a blatant allegory in which drug addiction stands in for demonic possession (and vice versa). 
good The film has a load of hallmarks which nod to the 1981 original, but takes some evry different twists and turns. It lacks some of that movie's personality, and it's not as scary as one might expect, but still a bloody good time at the movies. 
good It's a credit to the talents of Alvarez that this gore and violence is a feast for the eyes without seeming unnecessary. 
bad Fire-and-brimstone teaser sequence notwithstanding, Fede Alvarez's slick, hard-R remake of the 1981 cult horror hit by Sam Raimi takes its sweet, tedious time getting going. 
good The most fun I've had all year trying not to vomit. 
fair Relentless, pitiless, but not much fun. 
bad Evil Dead has ample cheap shocks and few bloodcurdling frights but it builds to something gorily bravura and, if that's your bag, you'll come away satisfied. 
bad Beyond the basic plot and the return of a few of the most well-known sight gags from the first two Evil Dead films, it is generally its own animal. 
fair Unlike Raimi's classic original, it won't be remembered in 30 years time, but it is amongst the best horror remakes of the last decade. 
bad The whole endeavour invites a sure feeling of pointlessness, but it's as beautifully shot and gore-soaked as these retreads come. 
very_good While it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel, this new take on the Evil Dead is every bit as good as Sam Raimi's originals, and praise doesn't get much higher than that. 
good Evil Dead lacks the humor and sub-genre-launching power of the original, but it's a solid remake that is definitely worth watching, even and especially if you are a fan of the original. 
good It's gross and creepy and unpredictable and precisely the sort of horror movie your mother would probably hate. Honors the original and then some. 
good Manages to carve out its own distinct and memorable place in the history of this franchise. With a chainsaw. 
fair Resting firmly on this relentless pacing, Vengeance becomes obsessed with the lasting effect of vengeance on the traditional machinations of plot and character. 
good Few directors make ac tion movies with the pizazz of Hong Kong's Johnnie To... 
good Both newcomers to Mr. To and longtime admirers should be prepared for a master class in directing. 
good You need to be one helluva director to pull off using kids' stickers as a climactic plot point; this auteur makes it look like child's play. 
good Veteran Hong Kong filmmaker To mixes the grand gestures of John Woo with the tactics of Christopher Nolan's Memento; the result ranges from the silly to the sublime. 
very_good A formula thriller done as an elegant genre exercise. 
bad ...the movie doesn't entirely go off the rails until the first major shoot-out rolls around... 
bad If indeed there is anything surprising about this cliche-packed genre fare, it's the degree to which To and his screenwriter Wai Ka-Fai are prepared to indulge their flair for the ludicrous. 
fair The film manages to transcend these cliches to create something that is original and innovative enough to warrant a watch even for veterans of the genre. 
fair A rousing crowd pleaser about an underdog track team that can proudly takes its place among these other fine sports films. 
good McFarland, USA may not take us anywhere new but it gets us to the finish line with know-how and an aim to please. 
very_good The first great film of 2015. Kevin Costner knows his way around this kind of story and is wonderful. Inspiring. 
best Kevin Costner has never been more endearing than in this outing as a devoted mentor and family man. 
good It will make you want to sign up for a 5K immediately after...hopefully you have the endurance to finish. Or Bull Durham as your coach... 
fair It hits all the predictable moments one might expect, but the solid acting jobs and incredible true story make "McFarland, USA" a credible sports movie that will certainly brighten your spirits. 
fair Scrappy and stirring, it's a feel-good, underdog sports story. 
fair Costner may be the star, but the high school athletes also shine. After all, this "based-on-a-true-story" movie is their story, too. 
good A fine family drama that's as much about shattering racial stereotypes and presenting a positive image of immigrant life as it is about Kevin Costner's coach. 
good Initially Costner's coach is all about ego; he may even be using the boys to land a cushy new job. And it's this unsportsmanlike conduct that makes this one of the more memorable recent sports movies. 
very_good Kevin Costner is suddenly the go-to star for tackling the country's thorniest problems on screen. 
very_good Kevin Costner never steals the spotlight from the characters who play his cross-country team in this heartwarming, character-driven film. 
good A "Hispanic 'Hoosiers'", and I mean that with all due respect, "McFarland, USA" is an uplifting film that hits the right notes 
bad The latest in a long line of condescendingly inspirational sports movies about a catalog Caucasian who learns that people of other races are also capable of being decent. 
bad What could be an inspirational teacher-student, coach-player story keeps playing the race card of simple non-whites not being able to see their own way to prosperity without a guiding white light, who in turn learns from their unsophisticated purity. 
bad In ways large and small, McFarland USA recognizes the problems inherent in the "white savior" premise and does what it can to address them, to surprisingly affecting ends. 
fair McFarland, USA is a refreshingly optimistic look at how Latino-American and classic WASP culture can come to a rapprochement ... it is also hamstrung by the great curse of the inspirational sports film, prioritizing its message above its story 
good McFarland, USA, its leading man Costner and the seven novice actors who play the story's cross-country team run their feel-good story to the finish line in inspirational style. 
bad Despite being too long and with a totally bogus Hollywood backstory that diminishes its credibility, this is a heartwarming tale that captures the hard life of Hispanic farmworkers in California's San Joaquin Valley and Coach Jim White's amazing success. 
fair You'll root for these underdogs, all right, but hopefully for deeper reasons than just winning races and leaving those jerk opponents in their dust. 
bad McFarland still pleases on the strength of good supporting work (especially Pratts) and its vivid sense of place. Costner really does anchor the film, however, with quiet, dignified work. 
fair Inspiration is for sale in here. And though more than a spoonful of sugar is slathered over the fact-based script, the movie delivers as promised on the thrill of the race and the lump in the throat. 
bad McFarland, USA is by-the-numbers underdogs sport fare, but good direction and performances make it a respectable addition to the genre. 
very_bad From the onset, Costner plays his incorrigible character less like a modern Gary Cooper and more like a new Archie Bunker. 
fair McFarland, USA is a sports movie that doesn't know what to do with the sport that serves as its focus. 
good Like the runners depicted in this heartfelt sports drama, the movie itself stands out and races past other similar fare. 
good The quintessential Disney feel good formula picture, so just let your heart take you away 
good The movie can risk being patronizing, at times. And boy, is it manipulative. But all art is manipulative, in some way. And maybe being manipulated to have a little hope isn't such a bad thing after all. 
bad It's all a bit much. 
good There are good things to say about the inspirational Disney sports film McFarland, USA, starting with its up-from-the-scrap-heap story, which happens to be true. 
fair McFarland, USA quickly elevates above convention into a drama that will pull your heartstrings. It is a stunningly well crafted and inspirational film. 
bad It's a true and simple story unencumbered by side plots, and with every character -- major and minor -- fitting neatly into place. 
good It took a village of fine performers to depict this close-knit town. And the list is too long to give a shoutout to everyone. 
bad The actors who play the young runners are a mixed bag of Hollywood unknowns and actual McFarland locals, all of whom are engaging. 
bad As it is, it's an underdog story that follows the obvious track, though it should get there just fine if you're pulling for it. 
good McFarland USA has a distinction in that it's the rare sports movie directed by a woman. Caro's perspective is invaluable to the film's trajectory. 
good If you've seen the trailers, you know just how saccharine and sentimental it looks like it could be, but despite being made by Disney and being rated PG, this feel-good sports movie feels surprisingly good. 
good This culture-clash drama delivers an honest, moving story about the power individuals and communities can gain when defying expectations. 
very_bad Kevin Costner's signature knack for sports movies does little to buoy a stilted culture-clash dynamic. 
good The lovely McFarland, USA hits the expected mile markers on the inspirational-sports-movie path while slowing down enough to craft a rich portrait of a place and its inhabitants. 
fair Based on the true story of a fledgling high school cross country team from an economically depressed Latino community, McFarland neatly delivers an uncomplicated, heartwarming message. 
fair McFarland, USA is the Million Dollar Arm of 2015: a sweet, family-friendly film that briefly tackles some important topics of race and class in America without trying too messily to give up formula and cause too much commotion. 
bad McFarland, USA may be chock-full of inspirational sports-film cliches, but through sheer force of will (and a fine turn from Costner), it makes it to the finish line with wit and wisdom intact. 
fair Manipulative? Sure. Inspirational? It's all part of the formula. 
fair actually tugs at your heartstrings - if only a bit 
bad You've seen feel-good football and baseball movies, plus great underdog stories of boxing, basketball, soccer and cycling. So what's left? 
very_bad "McFarland, USA" invokes an old sports movie trope: the inspiring coach and his noble, suffering team. But the good intentions can't help it sprint past cliche. 
fair It's no classic, but it's one of the better entries in the multicultural inspirational sports movie genre 
good It demonstrates that there's a reason Hollywood keeps turning out these inspirational sports movies: Because they work. 
fair Caro's direction, Costner's performance and the winning cast, along with the shining of a sliver of light on the plight of field workers, however thin that sliver may be, combine to make "McFarland" a much better movie than it has any right to be. 
good "McFarland, USA" could have been a sentimental film, but it's not, because Caro and the screenwriters bothered to know what that they were talking about. 
good Based on the lives of several cross-country runners whose success story began in 1987, the script is crowded with scenes that ring true and rarely stray into conventional exposition. 
good The premise may sound obvious and potentially forced, but it comes off as authentic. 
good A less talented and more shameless director might've turned it into cornmeal mush, but Niki Caro ("Whale Rider") has delivered unto the Disney corporation a Kevin Costner sports movie that works. 
very_good Costner nails his role as Coach in this inspiring family film. 
good Better than you might think, thanks to strong work from Costner and a cast of fresh faces. 
good Inspiring, authentic proof that a legacy and a family have to start somewhere. 
very_good Kevin Costner reaches a welcome career high in this new movie, a live-action based-on-a-true-story inspirational tale of school sports, produced by Disney. 
bad The fact that it's based on a true story makes the formula easy to swallow - and a mid-credits coda featuring the actual men at the heart of the story was one of many nice touches. 
bad McFarland, USA is well-intentioned and largely inoffensive, but as any coach knows, good intentions aren't enough to go the distance. 
bad Given the film's Disney stamp, you can see the feel-good coming a mile away, though the plot's never fleshed out enough to really distinguish it within the underdog-team genre. 
bad If there's a general air of emotional authenticity woven throughout all this garden-variety, faith-in-family hokum, it's in the racing scenes. 
very_bad Any filmmaker sufficiently engaged would have noticed that Maria Bello, as his alternately nagging/supportive wife, was seizing upon every last inch of a nothing role and given her something, anything to do. 
fair Feel-good sports movies are all manipulative, but damned if Costner doesn't make this work. 
very_bad McFarland, USA abides too closely to the paradigm of Disney sports dramas, becoming schmaltzy when it yearns to be inspiring. 
bad The real underdog story is how this by-the-numbers film about cross-cultural friendship, tenacity and strong work managed to go the distance without my rolling my eyes too heavily. Coach Blanco did all right. 
best An exciting sports film that also stands as an emotionally rich depiction of community, sharing, and generosity. 
good Poignant story about Latino runners a winner for families. 
fair McFarland, USA is basically the movie you expect it to be, with the caveat that it's a pretty good variation of said movie. 
good A feel-good movie that earns all those good feelings, "McFarland, USA" might be running on a predetermined track, but the heart it shows along the journey is what makes it a winner. 
good The Great Magician is an undeniably charming and whimsical Chinese fantasy that captures your imagination with little effort. 
very_bad Watch this and you'll wonder why Hollywood persists with haunted house horrors when they've literally been done to death. Perhaps setting one in a rip-off bank would give us some much needed change. 
very_bad Not a truly terrible film, just completely underwhelming and anonymous. 
very_bad Obtuse characters, flimsy narrative and an over-reliance on horror cliches. 
terrible Much like Toni Morrison's acclaimed novel Beloved, this horror film explores the legacy of slavery and -- just kidding. 
bad The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a good time killer and perfect for a rainy day inside 
bad The Haunting In Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is just as tired a haunting film as its predecessor, failing to signify itself as a uniquely entertaining horror experience. 
terrible Ultimately nothing more than a decrepit vehicle for the moldiest of scary-movie cliches: screechy specters, inane character behavior and jump scares that a toddler could anticipate minutes ahead of time. 
very_bad Credibly acted and hardly much worse than the original, but just as bereft of atmosphere and by-the-numbers. 
bad An hour of miscellaneous visions that will make more sense once Act II lurches to a close and we finally get to the good stuff. 
very_bad The filmmakers trot out slavery as a general sins-of-the-past signifier and then have no idea what to really do with such a painful real-world issue. 
best Well up to the brothers' usual high standards. 
very_good Everyone who has the capacity for abstract thought, raise your hands . . . and take this Coen brothers' journey. 
good Even with its mock-pretentious parallelism to The Odyssey...O Brother, Where Art Thou? refuses to take itself seriously, which is both its principal failing and its charm. [Blu-ray] 
good Teens might enjoy this offbeat Odyssey adaptation. 
good May not be the funniest or wackiest movie from Joel and Ethan Coen, but it is easily their most ambitious work to date. 
fair This lightly engaging trifle could have been more fun with a greater helping of the Coens' antic spirit. 
bad The ferociously one-dimensional characters here make this muddy ramble more of a guilty pleasure than a success. 
fair It's not up there with Lebowski, but its still a darn good tale. 
bad The Coen's tale of three escaped convicts has more to do with Homer the Simpson than Homer the poet. 
good its tongue-in-cheek humor effortlessly gives way to poignant drama and period musical pieces throughout. 
very_good O Brother, Where Art Thou? is amazing. 
very_good It's an odd, charming movie, not for everyone, but definitely for Coen acolytes. A great adaptation. And buy the soundtrack. 
fair As a big-budget film from two of our great contemporary social satirists, it falls short. 
best The Coen brothers have once again outdone themselves. 
best Though the movie occasionally over-reaches for jokes, in the end it redeems itself with originality and style -- admittedly, a style that will not appeal to some mainstream tastes. 
bad I'll be darned. The Coen brothers, which many cinephiles (myself included) like to call the most exciting working American filmmakers, have just made a bad movie. 
terrible Amusing as it is, however, 'Brother' rarely achieves the same hilarious heights as previous Coen laughers. 
good A second viewing sure does help, but it's still one of the lesser Coen projects. 
best Thoroughly enjoyable. 
very_good One of the best films of the year. 
good Light, slight, stream-of-consciousness never looked so good to me. 
fair Yes, it's very stylised and mannered, it tries far too hard to be funny, and it's still rather beguiling. It's also just a bit to odd to really work. 
best Rated F, for Funny as all get out. 
very_good A joyous mixture of the absurd and the sublime. 
good ...an old-timey, feel-good movie, which in the tradition of the screen's best screwball comedies makes no apologies for its silliness. 
good It is so amiable, so easy going and there is such a nice pace to it that you will find yourself under its spell in no time. 
good Clooney muestra una faceta diferente a la que nos tiene acostumbrados, desarrollando una personalidad comica que le puede rendir buenos frutos en el futuro 
good The Coens manage to maintain a genial, slapstick tone that coats the ridiculous plot devices and outrageous characters and makes them just slick enough to swallow. 
best Visually arresting, cryptic and, depending on your level of Coen fandom, either wildly enjoyable or too clever by half. 
very_bad Despite moments of brilliance and an incredible musical score, the film's lackluster pace and questionable storyline are liable to leave you thinking, well, "Oh, brother!" 
very_good It's a sprawling film and the comic tone matches Joel and Ethan's broad, comic brushstrokes to a T. 
fair George Clooney is the man. 
very_good A joyous and humanistic slapstick throwback, anchored by George Clooney's goddamn bona fide performance in his Ulyssean role. 
very_good Bizarre, funny, surprising. 
best It's a wild, whacked-out wonder. 
very_good A dense, episodic, meandering tale that finds humor in every scene. 
terrible Leaves a sour taste. 
very_good Praiseworthy. 
best Packed with all the warped fun filmgoers expect from the Coens. 
good Joyously unhinged and outrageously inventive. 
fair I had the sense of invention set adrift; of a series of bright ideas wondering why they had all been invited to the same film. 
good As a Coen brothers fan I hate to say this, but the movie's a collection of great bits and pieces rather than a complete work. 
very_good It's a new new thing, classic myth from both literature and the movies, commingled, set to great folk music, and untrammeled by any sense of predictability, urgency, realism or believability but hypnotic, graceful and seductive. 
best The funniest, most inspired movie of Coen Brothers illustrious comedy careers. 
very_good A fine addition to the Coens' pantheon of eclectic, eccentric comedies. 
good The performances by George Clooney and Coen regulars like John Goodman and John Turturro are simply a delight. 
good Quite a charmer. 
very_good A rambunctious and inspired ride. 
good O Brother's music is more than pleasant background; it is a living presence, and with apologies to an excellent cast, just about the star of the picture. 
fair For all its originality, O Brother doesn't seem to have a point, or enough spark to distract us from the lack thereof. 
very_good It makes you want to lift your voice and sing along, for the Coen Brothers have put it all together. 
very_good A handsome film, joyfully feting the movie fantasies of a bygone era. 
good The high points outweigh the low ... with particular praise for the wonderful selection of period and traditional music. 
good A solid middle effort with charm to spare. 
fair The filmmakers' trademark quirkiness is in evidence, but it often feels forced and the comedic elements are inconsistent. 
fair Beautifully filmed with carefully scripted dialogue, the production almost breaks out into cinema greatness. 
good This is a lighter story than many of the Coens' previous movies, which makes it easy to forgive the parts that don't work very well. 
fair The whole comes out less than the sum of its parts. 
best Confidently cinematic in classical and modern terms, layered with subtleties but also a straight-ahead, crowd-pleasing comedy. 
good It's a joy to watch this movie as a whole. 
good All in all, a thoroughly eclectic and always entertaining mix. 
fair Another original piece set forth by the Coen bros, who continue to charm us with their unique knack for poetic dialogue, quirky characters, musical melodies and eerily authentic looks at the days of old. 
best The photography in this film is among the most beautiful I've seen in years. 
best A rollicking collection of comic bits, Southern folklore, slapstick stunts, cinematic tributes, religious ritual, political satire, and depression era commentary. 
best This is a film, as enjoyable to listen to as it is to watch. 
best O Brother, Where Art Thou?" I'm glad that I found him. 
best There's no important message here, no contemporary re-working of an ancient classic. This, folks, is film-making that aims for nothing more profound than the funny bone. This, folks, in all its glory, is frivolous comedy. 
fair The individual episodes are entertaining. 
bad I settled in for something eccentrically referential and amusing. What I got was a boring mess. 
bad This is a comedy in which I didn't laugh once nor did those around me. 
bad There's a fundamental problem: a complete lack of humor. It's a comedy with no laughs. 
fair Oh, brother! 
bad Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story. 
best As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano." 
good The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling. 
bad Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers. 
fair I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks. 
good This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date. If he only had as much faith in his audience. 
bad It's really kind of ironic. The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock. Once he's learned better, we don't get enough time with him because the author's decided it was time to go. Oh, well. 
good It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man. 
very_good If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis. 
good An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball. Highly recommended. 
best The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear. He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need. 
very_good Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen. 
very_good An awesome movie. 
fair Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not fulfill its promise. 
bad Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago. Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas extremidades que deixam muito a desejar. 
very_good One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese. 
very_good Cast Away isn't the first to recognize our modern need for primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished. It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies. 
bad There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics. 
bad Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck. 
best If I didn't know any better I'd say that this film was written in order for Tom Hanks to win yet another Academy Award. Yikes! He may pull it off. 
bad Thank God there's no Friday. 
good I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around. 
bad Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year. He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles. 
fair ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball. And they say 2000 was a bad year for films! 
good For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball. A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal. 
very_good A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare. 
good All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty. 
good Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film 
best Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo 
good it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself 
bad ...an odd and unbalanced undertaking that pays distinctive attention to the appropriate elements but then draws back at all the wrong moments... 
good Cast Away is a significant achievement of this, or any other, year. 
best This is one of those love it or hate its...I completely loved it. Even its unorthodox ending...I find Hanks mesmerizingly talented. 
good Hanks' sympathetic performance and Broyles's detailed script are above average and not a bad way to spend a few hours during the holidays. 
good This is a good film; if it had stuck to its guns, it could have become a cinema classic. 
good I felt like the real ending had been Cast Away. 
very_good ... fascinating, moving, full of meaning and well worth investing 143 minutes of your life. 
good Thoroughly absorbing. 
bad While Hanks' performance is masterful in this tale of survival, the movie runs out of steam, and direction, at the end. 
good Cast Away amounts to little more than an unprecedented showcase for its star. 
very_good A moving and artful odyssey, a reminder that no matter how much we try to beat the clock, time will grind ever forward. 
terrible Zemeckis is a capable director, so despite the misguided concept, the movie is anything but inept. 
bad As a FedEx troubleshooter who survives a plane crash, Hanks performs a bravura solo spin. 
good Tom Hanks does a superb job of carrying Cast Away all by himself for about two-thirds of its running time, but isn't much helped by additional characters in the opening and closing sequences. 
best First-rate. 
good At its best, Cast Away, like Titanic, awes us with its sheer oceanic sweep and its cosmic apprehension of human insignificance. 
fair Add in Chuck's deteriorating hold on sanity -- evinced by the inspired conceit of his relationship with a volleyball on which he's drawn a face -- and you have a long middle section of bravura filmmaking. 
very_good You will not be bored for a second. 
best Is nothing less than the best movie of the year. 
very_good An unforgettable film. 
good Cast Away's finest moments consist of Hanks alone with his surroundings. 
good Director Robert Zemeckis and screenwriter William Broyles Jr. do a great job of keeping the cut-and-dried formula from, well, getting too cut and dried. 
very_good Hanks turns in an Oscar-worthy performance yet again. 
bad A handsomely made, instructive but finally tedious blow-by-blow training film on island survival that it throws the entire venture out of balance, capsizing the enterprise and making it difficult to keep any kind of message afloat. 
very_good A model of restrained storytelling that's studded with a series of pure emotional peaks. 
fair Pulls the audience in with sure-footed storytelling and a commendable performance by Hanks in a very demanding role. 
best A film brimming over-the-top with realism and features one of our most treasured (and likable) actors, Tom Hanks, in an incredible, virtually silent performance as a survivor. 
good One thing is bound to come out of Cast Away -- a deserved best actor nomination for Hanks. 
best Has all the hallmarks of a great motion picture: well-developed characters, solid drama, non-traditional adventure, and an intelligent script. 
very_good Unusual and remarkable. 
bad It was the tail of the tale, the last 25 minutes, that left me marooned. 
good Can a movie that spends about 80% of its runtime alone on an island with one man actually not be boring? You bet. 
best A gung ho FedEx systems engineer stranded on a deserted island cultivates the spiritual practice of hope and learns to respect the mysteries of the present moment. 
best It's not just a movie -- it's an experience. 
best A cinematic triumph, a motion picture so rich with honest emotions and ideas that it comes as a relative surprise that this is a big-budget, star vehicle. 
good May ultimately underachieve, but the soul that Hanks brings to the role -- and the film -- must not be underrated. 
very_good It just so happens that Cast Away is one of the best films of the year. 
bad [Transcendence] is more than just a big budget version of Siri Goes Wild. 
very_bad At once both convoluted and shallow, something like a feature movie version of a Wired sidebar, and just about as fleet-footed. 
bad Pfister seems afraid to recognize the humor inherent in a story that requires Johnny Depp to become a grim sort of Max Headroom... 
terrible It is not only a bad film, it is a rather boring film. 
bad While Transcendence starts out with a fascinating premise, it loses its way pretty quickly by turning into a sappy and ultimately silly film that isn't able to capitalize on the lofty ideas contained within. 
bad Parece nao fazer a menor ideia acerca das ideias que pretende defender, dos conceitos que quer apresentar ou mesmo da natureza de seus proprios personagens. 
very_bad "'Transcendence' winds up being in the position of being the first - but certainly not the last - big disappointment of the 2014 Summer Movie Season." 
very_bad Transcendence neither thrills nor illuminates. In fact in many respects it is downright cowardly in its failure to pursue its many themes, with threads of ideas never woven into a whole. 
very_bad Here's yet another example of a high-concept mega-movie that appears to have gone into production a draft or two too early. 
fair It is streets ahead of most of what we get that is labeled science fiction. It's intelligent. It explains its premise -- within reason. Its dialogue isn't chuckleheaded. 
bad With a script as loopy as this one, it pays to cast intelligent-looking actors. They can delude you into feeling as if you're watching something interesting. 
fair With actors this good, we'll go almost anywhere, even unto that silliness. 
bad built on a set of intriguing moral and ethical conundrums involving our relationship with rapidly evolving computer technology, but it finds virtually no dramatic traction 
bad A relatively entertaining way to upload your consciousness for 119 minutes. 
very_bad What an empty and misguided movie this is. 
very_bad A genuine artificial intelligence would've completely redesigned this film. 
bad Anyone with a fondness for broad canvas, ideas-heavy sci-fi should ignore the negative scuttle and give Transcendence the benefit of the doubt. 
very_good ...no doubt there's an interesting movie to be plotted along [these] lines. But for all its pretension, Transcendence isn't it. It's just a big dumb popcorn muncher. 
bad Far too slow-paced to work as a thriller and too shallow to properly challenge us as science fiction, this film is unlikely to please many audience members. 
bad ...a misguided failure that hardly bodes well for Pfister's directorial career. 
very_bad A lighter touch could have produced campy, B-movie pleasures from the material, but Pfister's solemn approach drains the fun from the film. And a miscast Depp, his star wattage surprisingly dimmed, fails to supply the missing spark. 
terrible Depp used to be the most reliable actor in Hollywood. Not anymore. 
terrible What should have been a brain in a vat just became a brain in a blender. 
bad A giant third-act bellyflop isn't quite enough to spoil it totally. 
very_bad An A-list cast and talented filmmaker are wasted on a B-Movie script with pretentions of prescience. 
terrible Unfortunately, it ends up playing like Max Headroom Conquers the Universe. 
bad Despite boasting a seemingly ripe filmmaker working with proven actors, the result feels more like a bigger budgeted yet disappointing episode of The Outer Limits. 
bad An intriguing concept that devolves into a somewhat silly adventure tale, 'Transcendence' is overly long and contrived. 
bad As a thriller set in the genuinely fascinating world of Artificial Intelligence, it is a disappointment. 
bad With this cast and these ideas, Transcendence is enjoyable but a missed opportunity. 
very_bad Pfister should be applauded for making a non-franchise property with ideas and aspirations but Transcendence is nowhere near as grand as its title. Gleaming visuals aside, it's a disappointment. 
terrible Remember when paycheck-hungry actors were accused of phoning in a performance? Johnny Depp spins that for millennials in Transcendence by Skpying in his performance. 
terrible This is like a heavy-handed and humourless version of Spike Jonze's postmodern comedy Her, mulched in with the old sci-fi novel Donovan's Brain, about keeping someone's brain alive in a tank. 
very_bad Transcendence is a sci-fi movie that should be daft fun but is, disappointedly, plodding and dull. 
very_bad Pfister's experience shows in that the film is beautifully arranged; unfortunately, that's the best thing about it. 
terrible The only part of [Depp] still genuinely dynamic is his hair. I'm worried. 
bad Transcendence borrows ideas from so many sci-fi sources it turns into a messy cinematic stew that fails to deliver its own unique flavor.&#8233; 
terrible The worst, most portentous, and certainly the silliest big-budget science fiction film since the 2008 Keanu Reeves remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still. 
fair Look, I think it goes so over the top... There are so many twists and turns too. But, look, basically I think this is an entertainment. 
bad The irony for Depp is that the better he is in the role the more thankless it becomes. 
very_bad The strangest thing about Paglen's script is how out of step it feels with modern technology - it could have been lingering in a drawer since the mid-'90s, so outmoded is its tone. 
bad Unfortunately, this excellent set-up is squandered in a miasma of truly, frustratingly obtuse plot holes and ludicrous gaps in logic. 
very_bad A decade late and a dongle short. 
bad The performances are fine, as one would expect with this cast, but the writing and sadly the directing in "Transcendence" lacked the vision or coherence necessary to make such a high-concept film fly. 
terrible 'Transcendence' seems to be simultaneously making a case for and against technology, and while this level of ambiguity can be compelling in a good movie, in a lousy one it just winds up being frustrating. 
bad When it's all over, you will turn on your iPhone and ask Siri to find you a good restaurant for a bite to eat near the theater. And you will have learned nothing. 
very_bad Rebecca Hall['s] impersonation of grief and a crumbling psyche is by far the most film's most human aspect. 
bad Transcendence aspires to be a philosophical rumination about the future of artificial intelligence, but it's really just an exercise in superficial intelligence. 
very_bad A techno-thriller that systematically squanders an interesting concept. Overstuffed but underdeveloped, it mistakes serial incident for dramatic connection. 
bad Depending on how the next few decades unfold, people will look back at Transcendence as either a prophetic or surreal piece of filmmaking. 
bad The ending fails to pack an emotional punch. But Pfister and Paglen have come up with something unusual - a sci-fi blockbuster that's genuinely surprising. 
bad It's a woefully imperfect movie, but it does look ahead to some brilliant concepts. 
terrible Muddled, simplistic, highly derivative thriller that's filled with techno-babble and turns out to be terminally boring. 
good Transcendence continually reaches for big ideas. It has a go-for-broke ambition that may mark it as ahead of its time. 
bad Transcendence has some astounding cinematography, but it lacks a heartfelt performance from anyone in the cast. It's like a chunky puree of The Lawnmower Man, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and the ending to The World's End. 
bad Johnny Depp proves he is no Her as his artificial-intelligence film fails to provoke thought or feeling. 
fair ...an intelligent, complex movie about artificial intelligence that delves deep into some of the issues the overrated Her only touched on. 
very_bad A downright boring motion picture that turns a pretty fun concept into nothing more than a progression of disjointed, academic plot points. 
very_bad Dark, pretentious sci-fi thriller tackles big questions. 
good Transcendence is full of enough intriguing ideas about the future and humanity's relationship with technology to overlook some of the film's tonal and narrative hiccups. 
good In a way, the relatively balanced approach that Transcendence takes to its subject matter is the most interesting thing about it. 
bad More than 40 years after 'Colossus: The Forbin Project,' they couldn't come up with something better than this? 
very_bad They must've titled this movie with total irony, because Transcendence stumbles hard in its attempt to rise above. 
very_bad A technology run amok flick about artificial intelligence that isn't intelligent -- artificial or otherwise. 
bad For a movie looking to raise a clenched fist against technology, Transcendence feels more like a limp handshake with the devil. 
bad What is an initially imaginative and thought-provoking concept, instead sings the same chorus of super technology as super evil we've seen many times before. 
terrible Depressingly inert. A sad waste of talent. 
bad The whole of "Transcendence" feels more in tune with computers than it does with people. It has some intelligence of the artificial kind, but it could have used some heart. 
very_good Pfister proves to be as clever a storyteller as he is a painter of moving pictures. 
bad Depp appears mostly from the waist-up on a computer screen, mumbling in a monotone voice that would lull a cup of coffee to sleep. 
bad ...possesses a lot of the same handsome camera work that seamlessly melded with special-effects in Nolan's "Inception" for which Pfister won the Oscar. It is the story and in particular the film's closing act that lets the entire production down. 
terrible The Lawnmower Man, Max Headroom and Johnny Depp walk into a bar. They get drunk and decide to make a movie. 
bad The directorial debut for ace cinematographer Wally Pfister is always watchable, but the narrative flaws and logical leaps sabotage sustained enjoyment. "Transcendence" looks and sounds like a Christopher Nolan film that got attacked by malware. 
fair Soon the worlds of technology and humanity collide - super-medicine, super-intelligence, super-ecosystems, super-confusing! 
fair Lost in the land of mind over matter, Transcendence is too much trance and not nearly enough dance. 
good Transcendence is a movie that sneaks up on you. 
best The heartbeat of "Transcendence" comes from solid performances in the leading roles. 
fair A throwback to the fear-mongering science fiction of the past...the lab-bound likes of The Andromeda Strain and Demon Seed, circa the paranoid '70s. 
bad Every idea with potential is raised in the first act of Transcendence, never to be heard from again. 
terrible "Transcendence" takes itself so seriously that it's absolutely no fun at all. And while the central concept is initially intriguing, it takes forever to go nowhere very interesting. 
good Bold, beautiful, sometimes confounding flight of futuristic speculation firmly rooted in the potential of today's technology. 
bad It's the simple boy-girl connection between the popularly quirky Depp and the always lovely Hall that holds it all together. 
fair Transcendence is a big-idea movie, the kind to cause spontaneous salivation in science-fiction fans. But big ideas don't always fit neatly onto the big screen. 
bad Unfortunately, it takes more than grand concepts to make a movie and the lack of cinematic connective tissue is apparent in this poorly focused, meandering, and ultimately disappointing film. 
fair Includes some genuine chemistry between Depp and Hall, which puts heart and soul into this machine. 
bad Transcendence has hints of a richly complex story, but too often feels content just dumping the pieces of its puzzle out on the table without doing much assembly - or even making sure all the pieces are even there. 
very_bad In his first film as director, acclaimed cinematographer Wally Pfister (The Dark Knight Rises, Inception) has made a movie that predictably looks good but has little substance beneath its shiny, digitally enhanced surface. 
bad How can you tell a movie is the directorial debut of a renowned cinematographer? When everything's interesting to look at except the performances. 
terrible In his first, and likely last, outing as a director, cinematographer Wally Pfister delivers a garbled, dispiriting, pseudo-cerebral non-thriller. 
bad While it dresses up its designs in fancy high tech speak and struggles to find a way to make its often distant and unexplained characters likeable, it's still just a routine genre take on the old "man playing God" concept. 
fair A sci-fi thriller that is carried into our consciousness by Rebecca Hall's heartfelt and nuanced performance. 
bad A far-fetched, futuristic snooze-fest that often defies its own logic. Characters' motivations are rarely clear, and allegiances shift with no explanation. 
very_bad If you programmed an algorithm to figure out how The Lawnmower Man might be retold by Snake Plissken at the conclusion of Escape from L.A., you'd still wind up with a more recognizably human effort. 
very_bad Transcendence wants to leave itself open to interpretation but it does so in the laziest way possible; by leaving every option on the table and forgetting that without choice there are no consequences and without consequence there is no meaning. 
very_bad Transcendence wants [...] to comment meaningfully on our current interconnectedness and inorganic lifestyle, but it's screaming too much to have that conversation. 
bad Transcendence can't quite decide what it wants to say about individualism and the Internet, or about true love between a woman and a digitally Xeroxed man. 
terrible Transcendence's main problem is that it feels like a film made by a computer -- it knows where all the beats and breaks of an action film have to go, but doesn't know why, exactly ... 
terrible Drags science fiction back to the Cold War era, if not the Stone Age. 
terrible Aside from a few scenes where he's walking around in a suit, Depp could have shot in his living room while instant-messaging his agent about the next Pirates of the Caribbean movie. 
fair Even when ensconced in a traditional shoot-'em-up, the film still kicks around some heady ideas. If only there were some underlying momentum to energize such poetic, intellectual flourishes. 
very_bad Transcendence can only muster a sloppy, dull, inept watch that refuses to present a single exciting idea about man's inevitable technological self-destruction - despite Wally Pfister's eye for visual beauty. 
very_bad A bright idea, disappointingly dulled in the execution. 
bad It isn't a terrible movie, just a frustrating one that is far from transcendent. 
very_bad The real trouble with "Transcendence" is that it just isn't all that scary - at least not in the way that it wants to be. 
bad "Transcendence" is an ambitious movie, but ultimately there's too much "artificial" and not enough "intelligence." 
fair It's fine to want to explore and just sort of kick ideas around. Too often, though, the movie doesn't feel ambiguous or complicated, merely muddled and wishy-washy. 
very_bad It's the old story, I'm afraid: the essential boringness of omnipotence as a plot device. 
bad For all of its big ideas ... Transcendence ends up lacking when it comes to translating them into a compelling story. 
fair The film will either grip or bore one to tears, depending on a tolerance for speculative babble. 
bad It's entertaining enough. But the premise promised so much more. 
bad After an intriguing start, "Transcendence" - aka "The Computer Wore Johnny Depp's Tennis Shoes" - offers roughly the same level of excitement as listening to hold music during a call to tech support. 
bad "Transcendence" never grapples with the concepts it introduces, sticking to an absolute-genius-corrupts-absolutely plot that was old back in the first season of "Star Trek," and ending with a muffled whimper. 
bad "Transcendence" traffics in a lot of interesting ideas, but does so in unoriginal ways. 
very_bad Tosses out some intriguing ideas, and then spends the next two hours completely squandering them. 
bad "Transcendence" is much too lofty a title for a film that is rarely, if ever, transcendent. 
fair Ultimately, the film is a missed opportunity; long on ideas and short on execution. 
bad While its discussions about supercomputers, transcendence and god complexes send red flags flying about the near future, the story's mainframe is faultily wired and in need of repair. 
very_bad It shows little interest in exploring the potentially tricky benefits of a computer-enhanced intellect; it's not even in the enjoyable realm of starkly ridiculous Cold War thrillers like Colossus: The Forbin Project. 
bad Transcendence is a movie that's of two minds. It's well-grounded, but also over the top. It's a man-vs.-machine epic and also an intimate drama. It's quirky-smart yet sci-fi silly. And it winds up being half as good as it could be. 
bad Wally Pfister's film tries to ask big questions but isn't smart enough to answer them. 
terrible It's not a horrible premise for a movie, but the execution is exceedingly trite and sloppy. 
terrible Pretty damned bad, and another example of 2014 CG used to animate 1974's science fiction ideas. 
terrible What fresh hell is this? 
bad Any momentum is swallowed up by its failed attempts at being smarter than everyone in the room, which isn't exactly a good way to keep an audience invested. 
very_bad Depp doesn't suggest higher intelligence. Perhaps because he hasn't had to in decades. 
bad "Transcendence" is clunky and lifeless. It's like the movie version of a paranoid TED talk. 
bad 'Transcendence' lets narrative inertia fill in where the screenplay doesn't. 
terrible An abysmal would-be comedy that sees the quickly falling star delivering a performance that's as hammy and unfunny as it is dull and embarrassing. 
very_bad An overlong disaster... 
fair Johnny Depp as an updated Baron Munchausen. 
bad Look past the vicious reviews and the film reveals itself to be squarely in the genial, proudly silly spirit of everything from The Pink Panther to Austin Powers. 
very_bad Depp's Charlie Mortdecai, a conglomeration of grunts, bleats, facial tics and a moustache that becomes a subplot by itself, is a hoot, but highly unlikely to join Capt. Jack Sparrow, Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood or Willy Wonka in his hall of fame. 
terrible A tiresome misfire that's mortifying for all concerned... 
terrible A dreadfully flat and unfunny film...It really is painful to watch such a terrific actor as Johnny Depp bland out in such a big way. 
very_bad Tiresome caper comedy has big stars, little appeal. 
terrible Aside from a hipster barber here and there, it is hard to imagine who this filmic folly is really aimed at. 
terrible This one's dead on arrival. 
terrible I have no idea for whom this movie was made. 
bad The leaden story is by-the-numbers stuff. 
bad What should be a three-minute SNL sketch unfurls into a feature-length snooze. 
very_bad There's just never enough ham on the buffet for Johnny Depp these days. 
good You may not like it, but it's hardly the worst movie ever made. It isn't even anywhere near the worst movie released this month. 
terrible The jokes are astonishingly unfunny, splitting the cast between those desperate to please, and those looking to slip off with most of their dignity intact. 
very_bad Depp's performance is insipid, scraping the bottom of his wardrobe of over-the-top weirdo personae. 
terrible This wilfully terrible film marks a significant juncture in Johnny Depp's peculiar career. It is, to him, as the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand was to the Balkan League. 
terrible Compared to the mustachioed gurning going on here, Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow was a study in bleak Bergmanesque understatement. 
terrible Mortdecai lacks the wit and charm that would've been necessary for this farcical pastiche to work, resulting in another disappointment from Johnny Depp. 
very_bad With art-heist caper Mortdecai, Johnny Depp tries his darnedest to start a kooky Austin Powers-like franchise with a side of bumbling Insp. Clouseau. But dash it all if it isn't a crashing bore, old bean. 
terrible [Mortdecai] fails on just about every level, so committed to its ridiculous premise that it doesn't bother to step back and recognize what an unholy mess it is. 
terrible Stale, strained and sadly dismal considering all parties involved, Mortdecai wants to be a globe-trotting roguish romp crossing the globe in a bespoke suit, but it feels more like a brandy-soaked nap in grandad's threadbare housecoat. 
terrible Depp's strenuously unfunny performance turns a frivolous caper comedy into a grim death march to the closing credits. 
very_bad Mortdecai is content to stroll casually and unassuredly through its paces, taking long, long intermissions for Depp to whimper and giggle. 
bad When it gels, it's genial. When it doesn't, it drags. And drags. 
bad The humour is puerile and idiotic, but you may laugh out loud in spite of yourself -- especially if you're familiar with the Carry On movies or the original Pink Panther. 
terrible What looked funny in small, trailer-sized doses turns into an interminable death march when applied to an almost two-hour run time. 
terrible [An] absolutely bewildering waste of time, talent, energy and money. 
terrible Depp is very much to blame, having put the project together with his Secret Window director David Koepp. No doubt they had a hoot filming it, but watching it is painful. 
very_bad "Mortdecai" has loads of problems, but the secret to its semi-tolerability is that it both tries too hard and doesn't try hard enough. 
terrible Only 14-year old boys are this enamored with growing a mustache. 
very_bad "Don't be tiresome," Paltrow tells Depp at one point. Or did I forget myself and yell that at the screen myself? 
very_bad Resistible. 
very_bad A whirlwind of horrible British accents, too much gagging and not enough good gags, and weak dialogue that, while not exactly terrible, is terribly boring. 
very_bad A spectacular mess, and the only real shock comes from the number of A-List talent involved on both sides of the camera. 
very_bad Shrill, stupid and often sexist, Mortdecai sinks due to an embarrassingly overwrought turn from Johnny Depp. 
terrible Mortdecai is the stuff that inspires stipulations in wills, as in, 'Have some basic decency on the event of my passing, and don't let people bring up that one movie.' 
bad Never amounts to anything more than a watchable mess, an inside Anglo-joke that most of us aren't in on. 
very_bad Johnny Depp is in danger of being upstaged by his own moustache in this knockabout crime caper. 
very_bad Mortdecai is reminiscent of some of the wildly misfiring comedies that Peter Sellers used to make in the 1960s and 1970s - the worst of the Pink Panther films, or the star-studded fiascoes such as the 1967 Casino Royale. 
terrible Johnny Depp affects an accent that's so exaggeratedly British he sounds like a one-man Pimm's advertisement as Mortdecai, a dimwit toff art dealer with a taste for port and a moustache that would get him laughed out of Shoreditch. 
very_bad The poster is awful. The premise is awful. To be frank, quite a lot about it is awful ... 
terrible "Mortdecai" is mortdifying, a mortdal sin of a movie that's headed for the cinematic mortduary. 
terrible It is not enough to fall about and do funny voices. You need a script with actual wit and verifiable verve. 
terrible Johnny Depp has done so much for us. Let us now return the favor and pretend "Mortdecai," a disastrously misjudged career low, never existed. 
terrible Despite a superior cast and terrific-looking production values, this mystery romp is a misfire on every level. 
very_bad Though the books are brilliant, Depp's attempt to make his own Terry-Thomas movie feels tired and more than a little tortured. 
bad Mortdecai works as a low-stakes comic mystery that is refreshingly aimed squarely at adult moviegoers. 
terrible Depp massively overplays it in this embarrassing and shockingly unfunny self-produced farce. 
very_bad It's hard to escape the suspicion that the only people sure to enjoy 'Mortdecai' are Depp, Paltrow, Tim Burton and Madonna. 
terrible It's hard to think of a way in which the experience of watching the new Johnny Depp film could be any worse, unless you returned home afterwards to discover that Depp himself had popped round while you were out and set fire to your house. 
very_bad Mortdecai, the film, is neither satire nor spoof, instead getting caught uncomfortably in a place where the butt of the joke is difficult to pinpoint. 
bad Indian underdog sports film will make American girls cheer. 
fair A very familiar, very formula underdog sports movie with nothing to distinguish it from similar, equally slick Hollywood product--except for maybe a Bollywood-norm run time of 150 minutes. 
good Maybe if they had concentrated on the temporal pleasures Johnny would gain from the bargain rather than the eternal torment part, he might have been more likely to sign. 
bad If I were the boss of IMAX, I'd be more concerned with the film's overall failure degrading the brand than anything else. 
very_bad "Haunted Castle" is a virtual "Haunted House." Something you might pay three to ten bucks to check out in the neighborhood, but with less creepy ghouls. 
good The problem with the film, more than anything, is getting beyond the idea of it not being Bogie and Bacall up there on the screen. 
terrible ...the film may appeal only to the most hard-core, dedicated fans of old-time, supernatural mummy flicks. 
bad A strange mix of Cape Fear, Somewhere in Time and From Hell. 
terrible If you've ever been curious to see what Jason Voorhees would look like if he were played by a supermodel, this one's worth a look 
terrible It occurs to me in all honesty that if you rent this thing you deserve what you get. 
terrible The scenes of violence are fake to the point where they might as well have been using Muppets. 
very_bad With 11-11-11, Darren Lynn Bousman is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending 
very_bad With "11-11-11," [Bousman] is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending. 
very_bad tries to hammer home the point that something awful is coming - although the viewer is never quite sure what. 
very_bad 11-11-11 has a few scary moments here and there, but it's mostly a flat, lifeless spiritual horror spin on The Number 23. 
very_bad While not as offensively tawdry as recent release The Devil Inside, Bousman's film is strictly by-the-numbers horror fare. 
terrible If the ineffectiveness knob goes up to ten, this film manages to turn it up to you-know-what. 
terrible If only "11-11-11" had arrived a little closer to Thanksgiving - the turkey connection would have been entirely appropriate. 
fair a timely terror tale 
very_bad The film has the feel of something conceived and whipped together in very little time, perhaps to make its own built-in deadline. 
very_bad There is nothing [Huppert] can't do -- except save Promise from the valley of the shadow of bad French movie pretensions. 
good Like an old Hollywood star vehicle, this French import does its job, providing its lead actress with compelling emotional circumstances and its audience with arresting contexts through which to perceive her. 
bad The Promised Life is not particularly original either in conception or execution, but it still manages to be interesting and stylish enough to get the better of its cliches. 
bad It all does come down to Huppert with this film, to the moods, emotional states and character moments she can create, to the delicate magic she can work on screen. 
bad [The film is] strongest when Huppert is plying her sordid trade, her face a cracking mask of emotional devastation. 
very_bad This is a rare road picture that leaves us knowing less about our traveling companions than we did when the journey started; Dahan and screenwriter Agnes Fustier-Dahan reduce their characters to pasteboard symbols, colored by unexplained quirks. 
fair Isabelle Huppert is such a wonderful actress, it's a shame that her latest film to reach our shores, La Vie Promise, directed by Olivier Dahan, isn't better. 
very_bad Isabelle Huppert, an actress incapable of making a mawkish gesture, fights tooth and nail to keep this soft-boiled story of an embittered prostitute from turning to mush. 
best Isabelle Huppert's stunning performance is among the finest of her career. 
fair Paul Feig once again shows that he understands how to draw only the best out of Melissa McCarthy, which ensures that Spy is a hilarious espionage thriller that doesn't skimp on the action. 
very_good A dizzyingly funny espionage comedy, with a non-farcical, non-spoof plot that works on a straightforward level, too. 
bad Empowering but uneven. 
good [It made] the audience howl so loudly that it was hard to hear some of the lines. 
bad Such is the enigmatic vacuity of the performances and the compartmentalisation of the incidents that it's hard to grasp what Kelemen wants us to derive from his film, apart from a dispiriting lesson in the depravity of which humans are capable. 
terrible Excruciating experience of ultra-gloom. 
very_bad Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made. 
fair I never held The Lost World in such high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap. After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way. 
bad Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel. 
good This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise? 
bad Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might! 
terrible This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion. 
bad Been there, done that. Now there's just more of it. 
fair The story, it must be said, is no great shakes, although it's not half bad by action-movie standards. But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific. 
terrible The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid. 
good Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no other goal in mind than to scare and delight the audience. 
bad Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane. 
very_bad A cheerless, heartless monstrosity. 
good The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure. 
bad Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not worry whether or not it falls short of Jurassic Park. 
best The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original. 
bad The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm. 
terrible It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one? 
bad Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not enough. 
good Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less. 
fair This was made to make money and entertain. And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades. 
bad It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters. 
bad It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards. 
bad With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks. 
fair Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects. 
very_good Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies 
good Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode. 
very_good Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on. 
good Not as good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average. 
good Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments. 
fair The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows. 
bad While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones. 
fair Steven Spielberg is no stranger to sequels. But The Lost World grinds along as his most mechanical effort. 
very_bad This film is a boring, unoriginal and ultimately dreary rehash of Jurassic Park. 
bad Whereas Steven Spielberg's original Jurassic Park filled viewers with awe over the grandeur of nature, his sequel, The Lost World: Jurassic Park, achieves 134 minutes of tedium. 
bad Where is the awe? Where is the sense that if dinosaurs really walked the earth, a film about them would be more than a monster movie? Where are the ooohs and ahhhs? 
terrible Spielberg's dinos, manipulated by a small army of puppeteers, are watchable enough. But these artificial critters have little reason to be resurrected in our era, let alone on 3,300 screens over Memorial Day weekend. 
good Despite all of the basic improvements going into the production, the perfectly entertaining finished product still somehow manages to fall short of the original film. 
bad The Lost World certainly has its moments but it's a rather schizophrenic movie that lacks the simplicity of the original. 
bad The Lost World, while terrifically entertaining, is also structurally out of kilter. 
good Slapstick humor and fun premise kids will love. 
very_bad ...I did enjoy [Mr. Belding's] cameo, but that doesn't change the fact that watching the movie is akin to sitting inside a Chuck E. Cheese for an hour and a half. 
bad The moral of Max Keeble's Big Move is that it's awfully easy to say the right thing after getting away with the wrong thing. 
terrible Chances are that only kids will find the movie funny and entertaining. 
bad A Disney Channel sitcom pilot that no one over 13 would ever want to watch. 
good This movie is just for fun, and it fits the bill. 
bad Pretty light-hearted and, at times, quite funny. 
very_bad Young kids may like it (others stay far away), but it is guaranteed that no audience member, young or old, will be able to relate to it. 
fair A welcome slice of pie in the face. 
fair Bland, occasionally funny Disney comedy about a wayward seventh-grader. 
fair While it far too often lapses into retread juvenile slapstick humour and doesn't finish particularly strong, there is at least a whiff of originality wafting from this one. 
terrible This clunky juvenile comedy lurches among multiple story lines without fully realizing the comic potential of any. 
terrible There's little invention here to disguise the film's formulaic nature. 
fair Adds nothing especially notable to the pantheon of kids' cinema but offers ample, good-natured laughs for the 'tween' set. 
bad Reportedly eight years in development, Max Keeble's Big Move still feels slapped together. 
bad You will imagine that this is not the kind of movie that holds me spellbound. 
fair Amusing for adults (at least this one), a blast and a half for pre-puberty members of the family, Max Keeble is just good junior high fun. 
fair A pleasant family film that will mildly amuse adults and please the kids who've outgrown Barney. 
terrible Lands, like a newspaper tossed by an angry delivery boy, in the mud. 
very_bad You'd be better off waiting to blow your disposable income when the real kiddie pics (Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter) come out next month. 
very_bad This junior high school comedy, which is aimed more to the seven-year-old set, doesn't have much in it that's funny for any age group, even the younger ones. 
fair Even when presented with a reasonably original idea for a kids' movie, Disney can always find a way to bleed all the color out of it. 
very_bad This movie is so uncool, your male child could get beaten into a bloody pulp if you take him to see it. 
terrible It's easily the worst thing ever released with the name of Walt Disney on it. 
bad Above average coming of age story. 
very_bad A movie that says we might as well pack it in as soon as we turn 18 is more bitter than bittersweet. 
good The film has a lot of nice little touches going for it, and while there are the obligatory moments of heartstring plucking underscored by the stir of violins, it never really overdoes things. The only problem is, it's just been so done already. 
very_bad You'll still come away from Hearts in Atlantis wanting to read the book, but had Hicks and Goldman got it right, you would've run straight from the cinema to buy it. 
bad While this film has the potential to be either a heartwarming coming-of-age story or a tense psychological thriller, it doesn't really achieve either goal. 
good Hopkins continues to turn in one lackluster performance after another. 
bad It could have been something special; instead it is run-of-the-mill. 
good Una cinta tierna y emocionante por momentos...pero no termina por convencer. 
bad ...minor shortcomings come in its overused setting, slightly lackadaisical pace, and mildly unresolved conclusion, small matters if the movie puts you under its spell. 
very_good The elegiac, reflective mood is treated almost incidentally, letting it earn a reaction naturally 
good I will not deny that it left me with a very nice feeling throughout. 
very_good As I write this review, I find myself growing nostalgic for the film. I want to walk away from my computer and see it again right now. It's just that good. 
bad A stock tale of mentorship and coming-of-age during one of those eventful summers that only seem to exist in movies. 
fair plays as if it were a rough cut of preliminary scenes that lacks the cohesion that might bring them together into a complete story 
bad Audiences with an appreciation or even a tolerance of this genre will find this to be above average. 
bad Hicks ... coats the film in a bogus idyllic mist that substitutes cheap sentiment for blunt truth. 
very_bad Falls squarely into the near miss category. 
bad Hearts In Atlantis takes way too much time getting to the point ... and it never seems to figure out exactly what that point is. 
good If nostalgia was all this film is about, it wouldn't be worth much. It is more than that. 
bad In the end, though, the film feels cheap and used up -- like watching a two-hour Hallmark special. 
good A precious respite from the postmodern era and all that it entails. 
bad Unabashedly sentimental, it's meant to touch our hearts in profound and important ways, but misses the mark by drawing too deeply from a pool of schmaltz. 
fair All that early promise goes for naught when the picture approaches the final act, whereupon the various mysteries yield solutions that prove to be silly or sentimental or both. 
good The film offers genuine rewards, particularly its understanding of the crossroads that lead a child to adulthood. 
very_good Rarely does a movie make you feel so warm and so uneasy at the same time. 
terrible A nostalgic fiasco so shameless it makes movies like Simon Birch and Frequency seem as austere as the work of Robert Bresson. 
good Movie lovers who leave their expectations at the door and treasure fascinating characters and superb acting are in for a treat. 
good Hicks, whose style did not enhance Snow Falling on Cedars, proves to be a good match for this material. 
bad Purports to show the incalculable impact a mentor can have on a child, but offers a contradictory message through its depiction of the adult version of that child. 
fair It's not a royal failure, but it is less than Kingly. 
fair Its heart is certainly in the right place, but its head makes some misjudgments. 
fair The film version plays like a series of three underdeveloped subplots in search of a movie 
good (Has) that same energy and sentimental allure which has made Stephen King's softer side such a rich source for utterly engrossing cinema. 
fair For me, the turgid pace and uneven writing muted any appreciation I might have of what it offers. 
fair Packs a hearty punch, bringing to mind the wonder and magic of childhood as so spiritedly stirred in King's earlier but still better "Stand By Me." 
fair Noble yet vague, Hearts in Atlantis is slight yet beautiful to look at. 
bad The story and characters feel fake and schematic. 
fair In the battle of style versus substance, it's style by a head. 
best After having our hearts ripped from us; Hearts in Atlantis miraculously sets them beating again. 
good A heartwarming coming-of-age pic that prompts its audience to recall the golden days of joyful youth. 
good A lovingly crafted, nostalgia-filled walk through memory lane. 
bad Overall, this film provides for solid acting, a fun soundtrack and wonderful atmosphere, but very little of resonance or freshness. 
fair Hearts in Atlantis has a lot going for it -- including Sir Anthony Hopkins and some great cinematography. But for a nostalgia movie, it is entirely too forgettable. 
good The acting is solid from everyone. 
good The late Piotr Sobocinski's cinematography of Bobby and Carol at a local carnival park is sheer magic. 
bad 0.4 
bad best-suited for someone who'd not only never seen a horror movie but who'd never even heard of such a thing. His mind would be blown. 
bad Como antologia dos grandes momentos do genero ate funciona, mas sua analise sobre as questoes tematicas e sociais e pedestre, a montagem falha em sua cronologia e %u2013 o maior pecado %u2013 ignora filmes seminais como Dementia 13. 
good Whimsical and fun, The Lion King 1 1/2 is an enjoyable romp behind the fake scenes of a real movie. 
bad It is creative, and that's alone enough to rocket it to the top of the Disney sequel heap. 
bad "The Lion King 1 1/2" is a very clever "syncquel" that's entertaining in the beginning but weighed down by a premise and format that seem ill-suited for a full-length feature. 
bad Clever and mostly charming--most kids will enjoy. 
fair This is clearly the best video sequel that the mouse house has produced to date. Hakuna matata! 
good Most Disney straight-to-video sequels are bunk, but here is an entertaining exception. 
good The Lion King 1 1/2 is visually beautiful, musically delightful and slap-the-knee-till-it's-raw funny! There are oodles of fun filled hours and super-wide smiles awaiting you. 
terrible This is quite possibly the studio's most banal direct-to-video sequel to date 
terrible pathetic... pointless 
very_bad Fart gags, belch jokes, and slug-eating contests abound. To me, the filmmakers have dishonored the memory of a treasured classic. 
good As far as straight-to-video Disney sequels go, it doesn't get much better than The Lion King 1 1/2. 
good Any Cassavetes is worthwhile viewing 
bad More than any other recent film I can think of, Gloria is a movie that depends on the mood you're in when you see it. 
good One of Cassavetes' most accessible and involving movies. 
terrible John Cassavetes made some iffy movies during his career, but none is worse than the original Gloria. 
good Tough, sweet, and goofy. 
good 0.6 
terrible By the half way point I was beginning to take back everything I said re Steven Soderbergh's dull-as-ditchwater Che: Part II - even he manages to drum up more tension than this. 
very_bad 'The Lost City' is intriguing as a historical document and adequate as cinema, but it has a blandness at its core that no amount of spicy mambo and booty-quaking dance routines can disguise. 
very_bad There may be a good film here, but it struggles to break free of the cumbersome framework. 
terrible Andy Garcia's preposterous vanity project The Lost City is an all-singing, all-dancing version of the Cuban Revolution. 
very_bad The script is scrupulously even-handed, but Garcia can't seem to get a grip on this sprawl. 
terrible Great music and costumes, but with a woeful plot and jaw-droppingly stilted dialogue. Cuban-born Garcia's main complaint against Fidel seems to be that rich, corrupt Cubans could no longer dance the night away. 
very_bad Not an embarrassment, but definitely a missed opportunity. 
bad Andy Garcia's directorial debut is a flawed and overlong but nonetheless watchable drama with strong performances, a superb soundtrack and bizarre appearances from Dustin Hoffman and Bill Murray. 
very_bad Garcia obviously has more ambition than skill. 
bad It's by no means a flawless film, but it's a meaty one, and if you're a big fan of Andy Garcia, I'd definitely recommend it. (Plus, Bill Murray's in there.) 
good ...plays like a confusing and inferior Caribbean analog to The Godfather, without anything like the narrative drive of Coppola's film. 
bad While the soundtrack of Cuban dance music is superb, this historical drama is leaden and simply too long-winded for its own good. 
bad Garcia's storytelling lacks highs and lows and has far too much going on. And on. 
fair The result has a potluck rather than persuasive, integrated quality. 
terrible For a tribute to a lost city, Garcia has made a lost film. 
bad Book-ended by fine songs; in between, Garcia offers more than two hours of clumsy Coppola/Scorsese karaoke... 
bad Even though the movie is made with an abundance of heart, it's sad to report that the final result has only a weak pulse. 
bad It's handsome and heartfelt but mired in murky politics, plot inertia, musical montages and painfully pointed symbolism. 
bad Garcia needed better guiding hands and eyes in the editing room to jettison the many parts that bog down the story. 
fair Unsteady but often entrancing. 
terrible Turgid, lumpy and almost unwatchably dull. 
good It's a potent work, enlivened by fabulous Cuban music and Garcia's obvious love for his land and his culture. 
very_bad Unfortunately, Garcia is inept as a director. His scenes are shapeless and bloated with self-important speeches. 
very_bad It's barely coherent as it is, but at 2 hours and 23 minutes, The Lost City is simply infuriating. 
bad The movie has too many stories to tell and tells none of them very well. 
very_bad Our cue that Garcia is acting is when he furiously bats his eyes in his smoldering emotional scenes. Either that, or he's allergic to the smoke from all those Cuban cigars. 
bad Garcia's fans and viewers who love Cuban music will probably enjoy The Lost City if they don't mind the long run time. 
terrible If you want to see a good, entertaining movie about Havana, circa 1958, better to rent Havana, than waste your money on this turkey. 
fair The coming CD, not the DVD, should be the keeper. 
bad A pretty bauble, a trinket offered when the stakes of barter were life and death. 
bad What makes this movie interesting is the family (and not just because it's made up of 3 beautiful brothers). It's a love story, between a man and a woman and between a people and their country. 
good As a musical fever dream of paradise lost, The Lost City is a flawed success, boasting just enough truth and admirable purpose to justify the hazards of Garcia's passion. 
bad You can see why Garcia was drawn to this material, but he hasn't had much luck shaping it into a film. 
very_bad 'That's not filmmaking,' I thought, 'that's photography.' 'That's not acting, that's posing.' 'That's not Jon Lovitz, it's Andy Garcia!' 
bad The Lost City has a subject, a setting and a historical backdrop, but in the foreground it has a relatively passive protagonist, Fico, whose passions are understated and whose fortunes inspire only minor concern. 
good Overdirected, yes, but it's an epic, passionate portrayal. 
good Feels like the distillation of countless conversations and family legends, rehearsed from time immemorial by Cubans who fled their homeland and sought to re-create it in their memories. 
terrible It's the sort of epic that aspires to tell Cuba's modern political history and celebrate its people without introducing us to a single believable character. 
fair Musical...handsome...poignantly nostalgic...The Lost City is a lot of things, but what it's not is incisive. 
good Throbbing with music, seething with anger and romance, The Lost City is a film that breaks your heart, bewilders, alienates and ravishes you by turns. 
fair Handsomely executed but hopelessly flawed. 
bad This is a very sad and winsome film. 
fair Garcia's aching nostalgia for the glittering Havana of his dreams is palpable, but he winds up painting by the same 'doomed romance against a backdrop of revolution' numbers as piffle like Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights. 
very_bad ... a lost movie that seems like it takes 16 years to end. 
bad How the movie's politics will sit with the audience aside, one of the problems in this overlong melodrama is the distracting casting of Bill Murray as a wisecracking sidekick and Dustin Hoffman as mobster Meyer Lansky. 
fair The sprawling -- two hours, 23 minutes -- epic meanders in places and its mix of tones and templates do not always serve its narrative. But the movie comes from the heart, filled with a passion that carries it through its rougher patches. 
bad ... the film seems like a mini-series edited to feature length without time for character development. 
terrible The Lost City manages to make Havana, Sydney Pollack's disastrous 1990 attempt at a Casablanca homage set against the Cuban revolution with Robert Redford, look good by comparison. 
very_bad ... a haphazard jumble. 
fair Noteworthy and well-intended, The Lost City isn't exactly a lost opportunity, just a sincerely limited one. 
very_bad ... a romantic epic manque that swoons across the screen for nearly two and a half hours without saying much ... 
very_bad Garcia offers the film to the Cuban community as something we should all be happy to see, but his esteem does not excuse the film's aesthetic mediocrity, cultural ignorance, and colossal self-absorption. 
very_bad Garcia's overindulgence is punishing but I didn't come to the theatre to be soaked in soap opera sentiment. 
bad Despite the strong emotional connection many Miamians will feel toward the movie, The Lost City falls far short of the sweep, complexity and passion it strives for. 
terrible Awful performances, idiotic social commentary and one of the worse Rashoman narratives ever take away the pleasures of some raunchy sex scenes. 
bad A lot of hot--and often overheated--air. 
fair Exceso de dialogos y situaciones sexuales que en muchos casos son totalmente innecesarios y que en otras ocasiones rayan en lo grotesco 
bad Whine. Whine. Have Sex. Whine. 
terrible Clumsy and self-important. 
terrible Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production 
terrible To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha) 
terrible Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror 
very_bad You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times. 
very_bad This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising. 
terrible Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one? 
bad In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it. 
terrible Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant. 
very_bad The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it. 
very_bad Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late. 
terrible A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things. 
bad Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom. 
very_bad We've seen this a hundred times before...only better. 
very_bad Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away. 
very_bad Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it. 
terrible Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars. 
very_bad While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned. 
very_bad Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse. 
very_bad Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle. 
terrible Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy. 
bad Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it. 
very_bad Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces. 
bad ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands. 
bad Morgans not worth hearing from. 
good A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant. 
bad With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com. 
very_bad You've already heard every joke it has to tell. 
very_bad Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans. 
bad Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature 
good The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny. 
terrible It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences. 
very_bad I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay. 
terrible Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut." 
terrible Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans. 
very_bad Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm. 
terrible Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection. 
terrible A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed. 
bad The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names. 
very_bad Here's yet another movie that should be neither seen nor heard. 
terrible The romantic-comedy equivalent of a genetically-tweaked slab of meat, an over-engineered counterfeit whose marketing tells us a lie every instinct we have disputes. 
bad It's clearly Parker's movie, and that's a shame. 
terrible Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan. 
terrible It's as if the film is a no-humour zone, and any attempt at a laugh gets sucked into a cinematic vacuum of mirthlessness. 
very_bad trades on Hugh Grant's charm, Sarah Jessica Parker's fan base, and the general good will of the audience. At least one of those three has been sorely tested by the time the end credits roll. Possibly two 
terrible If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism, you will be cruelly fooled. The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius. 
very_bad Yes, comedies thrive on broad strokes. But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we haven't traversed the country (if not in actuality, via television and film) is dispiriting. 
terrible Fish-out-of-water romcom is teen-friendly but a real snooze. 
bad Mostly it's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks (Grant, Sam Elliott, and Mary Steenburgen) as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy. 
bad A comedy with mostly likable, broadly drawn characters; tart, nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin; and well-timed, modestly sophisticated repartee. 
very_bad Predictable, leaden, unfunny and unnecessary. 
terrible So now you can say, indeed, you have heard about the Morgans, smile politely, and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex. 
bad Adorable if adulterous and agnostic salad-fancying nitwit city slickers save their marriage with the help of a God-fearing, meat-eating 'Sarah Palin' and her sheriff husband in what could be described as 'Green Acres' in Red State drag, plus guns. 
terrible Did you hear about the worst rom-com of 2009? It's this one! 
terrible Where is Richard Curtis when you need him? 
terrible If it wasn't for Hugh Grant, Did You Hear About The Morgans? would be competing for worst comedy of the decade. Instead, it's just in the running for worst comedy of the year. 
bad Did You Hear About the Morgans? is about as stereotypical as a stereotypical romantic comedy can get 
very_bad Not even the clumsy title bears any evidence of inspiration, which actually makes it a nice fit for writer-director Marc Lawrence's dud of a script. 
terrible This is a film that does roughly the same thing for the concept of star-powered romantic comedies that Tiger Woods has done for the concept of marital fidelity. 
terrible Sometimes it's unpleasant, sometimes it's insincere, and for long stretches it's boring. There are good parts, too, but they all come in the first 10 minutes. 
very_bad A smug, New-York-is-the-center-of-the-universe comedy that doesn't have enough humor to compensate for its misplaced sense of superiority... 
terrible A painful failure, lumpish and crude. 
very_bad A fish-out-of-water comedy that flops around on the dock for a while before eventually, and mercifully, expiring. 
very_bad The movie doesn't just quickly run out of its fish-out-of-water jokes but doesn't have any unique or funny gags in its arsenal the moment the couple from New York City lands in Wyoming. 
very_bad A somewhat amusing yet trite example of the modern-day screwball comedy. 
very_bad There's no sense of affection. No passion, even when they fight. Their dialogue rings hollow. These two aren't believable and their relationship is a black hole. Who cares? 
terrible An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy. 
good It doesn't pretend to be an awards contender, and yet, oddly enough this year, it's far more entertaining and astutely written than the majority of recent releases that are. 
very_bad This is what happens when you throw reliable talent at an awful script. 
terrible You know the line about what a bear does in the woods? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans?, it describes the movie as well. 
fair It's not great art, but it has a certain goofy effervescence, mostly thanks to Hugh Grant. 
very_bad Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans? Really, you don't want to. 
very_bad This alleged screwball comedy is almost laughless. It's one of the most surprising comedy duds of the year. 
terrible It would be acceptable if all this fakeness lead to something legitimately funny. Instead, we're left bemused and bored. 
bad Always fully aware it need not involve big words or ideas to offer light entertaining fare even if there's only so far you can take such a predictable premise. 
very_bad Did You Hear About the Morgans? has no room for surprises. 
very_bad Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time. 
bad It's hard to imagine why you'd want to pay to be talked down to and coddled like a baby. 
terrible It's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie. It's the sound of dead crickets. 
terrible You see, city folk are like this, and country folk are like that. 
terrible Why isn't there a federal program to protect people from witnessing movies like this? 
bad Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple, but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled. 
terrible Lawrence's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life, his struggles to find something funny about local "types" (an unworldly doctor and his naive-nitwit nurse), his "grizzly encounter" scene, are painful to watch. 
bad The film depends more on the shadowy, colour-drenched photography to touch on emotions or humanism. It's not enough. 
terrible Kidz as fairy tale heroines in clumsy stories; mild peril. 
bad A teen horror film with grown-up violence. 
very_bad A misfire on a classic remake. 
bad The original was far better. 
best One almost never says that a SECOND remake is worth a dang, but this is that very rare exception to prove the rule. 
good A very effective horror remake that's driven by character rather than cheap shocks. 
bad Okay remake. Might have been better is screenwriter Stuart Gordon had directed. 
good One of the creepiest and most overlooked horror movies made in the past decade, featuring a strong, scary turn by Meg Tilly. 
bad Won't ever challenge Siegel's or Kaufman's versions, but it's a pretty worthwhile adaptation for fans of Jack Finney's source material. 
bad Instead of really being scary, the film made me think of something that has troubled me since: don't movie characters watch movies? 
very_good One of the best laugh til you cry comedies of the last decade. 
very_bad Writers need to start shaking things up a bit. Have the couple split up for actual reasons. Allow them to see other people or go in a whole new direction. This ending has been done. This whole film has been done. The plot is tired. Let it rest. 
bad It's not insightful or original about anything more than a generic self-esteem boost for goony dudes who dream of hot babes, but it's never not doing cartwheels to make you laugh. 
fair The story relies on the strength of the characters and effectiveness of the comedy to keep it going. And for the most part it works. 
bad She's Out Of My League might be the most important romantic comedy of the past twenty five years. If only it was funny enough to warrant such an accolade. 
bad She's Out of My League is not big on originality, yet it scores points for addressing self esteem and body image issues amongst young males. 
bad Tends to be off-putting, which is a shame, because it's on to something about the dynamic between put-together women and the legions of nervous men who shoot themselves in the feet while longing for them. [Blu-ray] 
very_good ...has a few quality moments, and it doesn't default to the angry ugliness of so many fraternity-boy sexual comedies. 
very_good A charming romantic comedy that lets Mr. Wrong win at love for a refreshing change of pace. 
fair manages to strike a workable balance between the crass and the poignant, even if it sells some of its characters a bit short 
very_bad ...largely silly, if well meaning, inoffensive but predictable, unoriginal, and bland. 
very_bad Hops along no more than hopefully towards its inevitable conclusion that losers sometimes win. 
bad A totally acceptable, completely forgettable romcom that will make you laugh a fair few times, before floating harmlessly out of your life. 
very_bad Formulaic and inoffensively bland. 
bad Jay Baruchel gets his shot at Hollywood leading-man status in this likable, goofy romcom. And I have to say I'd rather be watching him than the ubiquitous Shia LaBeouf. 
very_bad Here is yet another American comedy in which a beautiful woman falls head over high heels in love with a worthless geek. 
bad It's not half as bad as it sounds thanks to the likable, grounding presence of Baruchel, plus Nate Torrence as his chubby pal. 
bad Eve sparkles, Baruchel amuses and the film as a whole is irresistible. 
bad With his debut feature, English director Jim Field Smith handles the humour with skill. A solid if formulaic addition to the genre. 
bad This is the rare one with unisex appeal - it's sweet and it's raunchy, and it has an underdog male lead of huge oddball charisma in Jay Baruchel. 
good A funny and charming romcom. 
bad Fast, frequently funny and isn't a chore to watch. Measured on its own dating scale, She's Out Of My League is a solid six with room to climb higher. 
bad The gross-out level is kept to a minimum and the language is reasonably clean, making it a refreshing change from similar testosterone-fueled movies. 
fair For all its rude humour and chucklehead antics, this is actually a sweet and shy romantic comedy. It also boosts Jay Baruchel into leading-man status with a thoroughly charming performance. 
bad While there's no particular originality to proceedings, each character is eminently likeable, and while that doesn't neccesarily translate to memorable comedic gold, it just about works well as a new contender. 
good Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny romcom with likeable characters, a witty script, a steady stream of laugh-out-loud gags and terrific performances from its two leads. 
very_bad Like its hero, it has hidden depths -- it's just a shame they're not allowed to shine. 
very_bad The direction from first-timer Jim Field Smith is bland and without character, and you feel that if someone with more confidence and a swagger to their filmmaking had been in charge we'd have seen something that stepped beyond cinematic mediocrity 
good Sloppy, sometimes tasteless and at times silly, 'She's Out of My League' is a lovable mess. It's raunchy humor with a heart of gold. 
bad Some half-way decent character comedy props up this otherwise pretty frivolous outing that marks burgeoning star Jay Baruchel's first cinematic leading role. 
fair Although the film follows all the usual peaks and valleys of a typical rom-com, She's Out of My League gets a pass for making me laugh even when it's at its most formulaic. 
very_bad ... inoffensive but strictly routine ... 
good If John Hughes has made Clerks 2, it might have went something like this. 
very_bad I found some of the Judd Apatow films really funny. This is a pale imitation, not actually in their league at all. 
bad The film is not an Apatow production but it feels like one. 
fair Good-natured yet forgettable... 
very_good League an entertaining look at opposites in love. 
bad A film that delivers amazingly raunchy humor and a fun love story. Actor Nate Torrence steals the film with a scene that will literally make you laugh so hard you will cry. 
very_bad has neither the comedy nor the romance nor the insight to deepen its central gimmick 
fair The hackneyed conceit of the dork who dreams big earns a zero for originality, but the cast -- which includes Mike Vogel, T.J Miller, and Krysten Ritter as friends of the mismatched couple -- is close to an 8. 
bad Too much profanity and crude talk but at heart it is an endearing romantic comedy which should raise the ante on Baruchel and Eve's careers 
fair It is mindless fun, especially for Baruchel fans, with a little heart and surprising charm thrown in for good measure. 
bad Like the confused hero standing at the cross-tarmac of his life, this film isn't sure which way's up. Derisive, sophomoric humor or perky rom-com? Underwear jokes or glowing life lessons on personal evolution? 
bad Mildly amusing and charming, but often bland, tedious and not nearly as funny as it could have been with a gutsier and more imaginative screenplay. 
good Every man's fantasy is a hot relationship with a drop-dead gorgeous, head-turning fox. At age 14 reality sinks in and most guys realize it's never going to happen. 
fair The four actors have an appealing rapport -- as offhandedly sweet as it is determinedly raunchy -- and Miller and Vogel especially enliven pretty standard fare. 
good This raunchy piece of Judd Apatow-lite is a tart confection with a sweet center. 
bad If you combined Knocked Up with There's Something About Mary...you'd have some idea of how oddly disjointed yet ultimately satisfying She's Our of My League is. 
very_bad Jay Baruchel, a funny and solid supporting player, is not quite ready for the big leagues with this lackluster rom-com. 
fair As crude buddy comedies go, it's a shave above. 
good It's still an R-rated comedy with its fair share of raunchy moments, but it's also clever and disarmingly sweet. Not a "10," but certainly a "7," with bonus points for exceeding expectations. 
fair The writers and director Jim Field Smith show a refreshing level of commitment to something besides broad caricatures and crotch jokes. 
good Nothing would work, though, without the appealing Baruchel. 
good There are compensations, in Baruchel's performance and in Eve's too (now that's an ingenue's name). 
terrible The premise might work if the film were content to be a fairly undistinguished example of over-the-top gross-out comedy. 
bad ... skirts the gummy shoals of the profane, [yet still] heartwarming, laugh-out-loud funny, and actually sort of romantic in a puckishly real world way 
bad If the Farrelly Brothers and Judd Apatow somehow mated, the result of their union might be She's Out of My League. 
fair The two leads create a sweet, believable romance that deserves a better movie. 
very_good The movie's terrific -- it's easily my favorite film released so far this year. 
bad It's a little rushed, and a little rough around the edges, but She's Out of My League is genuinely nutty and funny, and with some likeable characters at its center. 
bad And even if League isn't up to the Judd Apatow/Kevin Smith standards of smart-guy rom-coms, it's still funny and charming enough to rate as a lovely little post-Oscar season date movie. 
fair It kind of feels like Smith, Anders and Morris just threw as many jokes on the wall as they could and saw how many of them would stick. Fortunately, enough of them do adhere to said wall that you'll forget about most of the ones that don't. 
bad Demonstrates how hard it is to achieve that Apatow balance between aww-inspiring tenderness and wince-inducing body-fluid slapstick... 
good It's funny, and kinda sweet, but they shouldn't classify it as comedy. It's sci-fi/fantasy. 
bad Has a lot of spirit and heart and actually quite sweet, but it tries to shoehorn too many ideas into one movie and not all of them work. 
terrible The movie clearly aspires to rise to the smutty-but-sweet synergy of other, better films. But She's Out of My League can't touch them. 
bad Scenes that should be grotesquely funny (man helps another man with his intimate grooming, or the appearance of a Hall & Oates cover band) deliver only chuckles rather than a big payoff. 
fair She's Out of My League is a rowdy blast because the spiky young cast treats the played-out script like virgin territory. That's acting! 
terrible The leads are better than the movie deserves. Baruchel is likable, and Eve comes off as somewhat more human than you expect in efforts like this. 
good We may know exactly where Kirk and Molly are headed -- he can't get over his good fortune and she can't abide being put on a pedestal -- but the movie keeps upending our expectations and provoking laughs. 
bad While it's a bigger fantasy film than The Lord of the Rings, it owns its implausibility in a way that endures rather than repulses. 
terrible There's barely a smirk in all of its padded hour and 45 minutes... 
terrible You're out of its league. 
fair A surprisingly sweet-natured affair with solid performances. 
fair This bad-mannered love story has a funny foul mouth with a few bright spots of charm. 
bad It's short on clever humor and big on convention and formula. 
fair A diverting showcase for Baruchel and Eve, who are excellent arguments for the proposition that there's more to a person than looks. 
bad Baruchel and the others make this often-crude comedy work when it probably shouldn't. 
bad While Baruchel is fun to root for and watch flail about like a pipe-cleaner in the wind, this movie encourages a sick desire in me - to see Michael Cera and all the runners-up in the Mr. Puniverse Contest knocked down a peg... 
good I'll say this: it's neither a "5" nor a "10," but somewhere in between. 
very_bad It's undeniably formulaic stuff. The film seems to actively invite comparisons with Apatow's oeuvre. 
terrible Instantly forgettable. 
good We like them, and we're not used to characters in a comedy like this being so blunt, honest, and self-aware. 
bad By mixing the sweetness of "Say Anything" with the silliness of "There's Something About Mary," "She's Out of My League" works as well as it does thanks to a real sense of heart and a killer ensemble. 
bad Impossible to hate. 
very_bad Yet another irritating, frustrating, artificial Hollywood product that trades honesty and depth for grade school immaturity and a bunch of lazy, derivative, totally unfunny jokes involving sexual organs and bodily fluids. 
bad It's too hellbent on becoming the next "There's Something About Mary" or Judd Apatow offshoot to realize it's finest quality is its tender heart. 
good Hardly original, but it knows what works: Think of it as 'The Twentysomething (Almost) Virgin.' It even has an unfortunate male grooming scene similar to the chest-waxing in "Virgin," though this one focuses on an area a wee bit south of that. 
very_bad An uninspired romantic comedy/male self-esteem pep-talk that seems to be yearning for viewer affection despite its all-around mediocrity. 
good I laughed out loud a handful of times and chuckled on a regular basis. In the end, isn't that all we really want from those sweet, mindless comedies Hollywood continues to offer? 
terrible A movie can't achieve a nakedly honest dude vibe like I Love You, Man when the characters are this irritating. 
bad No, we still don't believe them as a couple. No, there aren't many surprises here. 
bad I laughed here and there at She's Out of My League, but I sort of hated everything it had to say about nerds and babes and the sliding scale of self-image. 
good The movie is not a comedy classic. But in a genre where so many movies struggle to lift themselves from zero to one, it's about, oh, a six point five. 
terrible There's an interesting, funny, quietly devastating film to be made from the core idea here -- that of an average guy so convinced of his unworthiness that he subconsciously sabotages a golden romantic opportunity -- but this overly broad exercise in set-p 
fair What elevates She's Out of My League -- it doesn't turn a 5 into a 10, but it helps -- is heart, of which its characters have a surprising plenty. 
very_good We're left to decide which wounds go the deepest, those from Afghanistan or those caused by the confusion and emotional barrages he continues to suffer in America. 
very_good In its closing scenes, "Hell and Back Again" builds to an emotional and stylistic power that we didn't see coming. 
very_good Dennis's film attempts something few documentaries have: to inhabit the psyche of its subject. 
very_good Hell and Back Again offers a potent documentary correlative to the narrative of The Hurt Locker. 
good The film suggests that it doesn't really matter whether Harris ever gets back in uniform. He's forever carrying around a piece of unexploded ordnance in his head. 
very_good Lays bare the truth of war - its hellish quality - with such power, you're not likely to look at this, or any other conflict, the same way again. 
good A tough but deeply rewarding watch. Search it out. 
good The director has no intention of making a prefab antiwar statement. He simply wants to show us an experience, just as it happened, and let the chips fall where they may. 
good This pulls no punches. 
good Flashbacks, overlapping sound and dynamic editing viscerally convey Harris' state of mind, leaving a bleak picture of the struggle to win the Afghani people's trust. 
good As vital as the best war chronicles to come out in recent years, this is one every American ought to see. 
very_good has the artistry of a painting and the impact of a sucker punch. 
fair Doesn't offer up much information, but carves out a sturdy slice of life portrait 
good Just as necessary and cinematic as Restrepo ... brilliantly structures the story of a Marine's homecoming so that the war footage functions like flashback sequences. 
bad A group of true believers in the American cause in the Afghanistan war and what happens to one of them when he comes home injured. 
good The visuals are consistently bleak, but the film's engagement with Harris and the often-harsh world around him is clear-eyed and empathetic. 
good Dennis refuses to push a political agenda down viewers' throats. But the message of his film -- a breathlessly paced look at the realities of war -- is clear: War and its aftermath are indeed hell. 
good You can feel just how jarring and stressful it must be for a soldier to go from the life-and-death adrenaline rush of war to the maddeningly slow world of rehabilitation and forced inactivity. 
fair Danfung Dennis's documentary isn't content to merely capture warriors in combat. 
good Danfung Dennis appears to set out to make a film on one subject, only to have an entirely new, much more compelling story emerge in the midst of shooting. 
good ...a sporadically potent examination of a volatile relationship. 
fair Hungry Hearts is a disturbing thriller that closes in on its audience and leaves it no other option but to embrace the impending dread. 
fair This is not a passive viewing experience; viewers might be exasperated by Mina's behavior, but they'll never be bored. 
very_bad It simply collapses in a ridiculous muddle. But the performances of Driver and Rohrwacher lend some weight to the movie. 
good An audacious little indie ... Hungry Hearts starts off innocently but becomes a new kind of psychodramatic indie thriller, a Rosemary's Baby in which the mother is her own demon. 
bad Lauded miniseries doesn't glamorize the old West. 
very_good I don't care if the thing was originally made for cable, theatrical, network, or Quicktime. This is one of the very best films I've seen all year. 
terrible ...will surely test the patience of even the film's target demographic of indiscriminating 12-year-olds. 
terrible Everything about "#HoldYourBreath" is aggressively mediocre, shoddy and undistinguished... 
fair Leah Meyerhoff's earnest debut is more notable for the integrity of its female point of view and the consistency of its raw yet dreamy visual scheme -- which includes stop-motion fantasy interludes -- than for its familiar coming-of-age scenario. 
very_bad You know your heart's meant to ache because of the musical motif that actually sounds like plucking on heartstrings. 
bad I was unprepared for the transcendent final moments, which left me suddenly and unexpectedly in tears. 
bad This is a gentle, well-observed drama with a very likeable performance from Marsan. 
bad I was intrigued by the prospect of the always-compelling Eddie Marsan playing a dull south London council funeral administrator in Still Life. 
bad Sombre and understated to a fault, but it also contains several quietly affecting moments, most of which are complemented by a beautiful score by Rachel Portman. 
bad It is a sad, muted film, speckled with many poignant and shrewd little visual touches about what solitude feels like. 
very_bad The presence of the great Eddie Marsan can't save this ponderous and sentimental Brit film about death and dying. 
good Beautifully crafted and exquisitely observed with an outstanding performance from Eddie Marsan in the lead. 
bad With his charming second feature, writer-director-producer Uberto Pasolini has created a potent and poignant exploration of love and death, solitude and the breakdown of community. 
bad Marsan's technical precision as an actor is formidable, and he's wonderful to watch. But when the material's synthetic, as it is here, you wish Marsan could bust loose at the expense of the movie's obsessively orderly nature. 
fair Admittedly, it's a predictable storyline, as exciting to watch as it is to read, saved only by Eddie Marsan, who is absolutely superb as the large-hearted loner. 
bad A soulful if obvious meditation on lives lived unshared, and one man's dedication to righting those wrongs while neglecting his own life. 
good Still Life offers up much bittersweet comfort and joy as it reaches a most unexpected close. 
very_good The film ends with a beautiful scene that will tug at your heartstrings. 
bad Eddie Marsan almost makes the equivalent of watching paint dry invigorating in Still Life. Almost. 
bad The film's title says lots about its mood and style, which is heavy on becalmed views of rooms, objects like an apple peel and office utensils, and May's glazed gazes at nothing in particular. 
good Pasolini has a gem in Marsan, a virtuoso actor who plays the role delicately where another might have laid on the pathos too thick. 
very_bad As a film, it's not viciously bad, but it's dull. Worse, there's a ludicrous ending designed to elicit an emotional reaction. 
very_bad Marsan does his best to convey his character's essential decency, but he's hamstrung by Pasolini's insistence on underscoring the emptiness of John's existence at every opportunity. 
very_bad Still Life constantly threatens to become a better movie ... 
bad There is humour here, too, and a lightness of touch but this is nevertheless a melancholy movie that mourns the passing of connections even if it does offer some hope. 
fair The film's fixation on life's quotidian aspects eventually gives way to a rote courtship drama. 
fair Some may find Still Life too slight on drama and action... But you'd have to have a hard heart to be left completely unmoved by the film's accretion of details of lives left unfinished. 
fair This is a film that demands patience from a sympathetic audience, but the rewards are considerable. 
fair If more filmmakers entrusted their projects to actors like Marsan, their movies would be all the better for it. 
good Still Life has the sort of quiet poise that has all but disappeared from modern movies, at least those of the West. It's an old-fashioned film in a good way -- almost like an Ealing comedy. 
bad The art direction is really good in it. 
very_good I've rarely seen the poignancy of death so beautifully captured. 
fair Contemplative and graceful, it's a showcase for highly watchable English character actor Eddie Marsan. 
fair There is a static, stoic grace to this picture that is quite unlike anything else in cinemas right now. 
bad Whilst Dorff is fairly blank in the central role, Monaghan is superb, creating a character whose unlikeliness doesn't detract from her believability. 
very_bad Stephen Dorff struggles to rise above the plainness of the film's premise. 
fair Simmering undercurrents of dread and distrust drive this updated "Bonnie and Clyde" set in the dark inner city. 
terrible Tomorrow You're Gone may be overly confusing from start to finish, but there's no confusion about the fact that it's simply not very good. 
very_bad Tomorrow You're Gone looks like it was made after reading the first chapter of Noir for Dummies. 
bad The movie tries to achieve something we've seen done so much better in the past without the level of writing necessary to make it work. 
terrible Hardboiled noir play-acting doesn't get more sluggish than in this leaden tale that blurs the line between reality and delusion in a way that's less intriguing than simply confusing. 
good Resembles Crumb in its depiction of damaged souls whose only refuge is art. 
good The Devil and Daniel Johnston is an unflinching yet loving look at the outsider musician's life. It's also the most revealing look at genius and mental illness since Terry Zwigoff's 1994 documentary Crumb. 
very_good A haunting, frequently unsettling documentary about the blurry line between madness and genius. 
fair A paean to the artist as a tortured genius. I can't deny that Johnston has the tortured part down pat. It's the genius part I'm having trouble accepting. 
good A fascinating look at this epically tortured artist. 
good What makes Devil fascinating is the harrowing arc of Johnston's life. This is a story of youthful promise undermined by horrendous mental illness. 
very_good "The Devil and Daniel Johnston" is really something special, avoiding easy answers, skirting the expected cliches, drawing us deeper into the life of a fascinating and complex man. 
best By far the best film of this first half of 2006. 
good A heartbreaking, yet strangely uplifting and inspirational, exploration of the fine line between genius and madness, and how sometimes, one becomes impossible to discern from the other. 
best ...works as a biographical sketch of the artist as madman and as a meditation on the prerogatives of genius. 
very_good There's something truly illuminating in the telling of Daniel Johnston's story and his painful struggle with bipolar disorder. 
good Touching, funny and sad. 
fair Both riveting and disturbing to watch. 
good Since Johnston was prolific and a pack rat, director Jeff Feuerzeig had access to a life's worth of audio recordings, short films and animation dating back to the formative equivalent of the refrigerator art of Johnston's childhood. 
very_good Feuerzeig focuses his attention not just on Johnston but on his friends ... who had to clean up the messes left after Johnston's episodes. 
good The nature and sound of Johnston's music is an acquired taste, and that also goes for director Jeff Feuerzeig's documentary -- though the film is intelligent and approaches the various mental-health issues addressed here in a sensitive manner. 
best A documentary with all the suspense, comedy, pathos and surprise of a great narrative film... 
fair At the end of the day, Johnston's childlike stream of unrequited love landed him on MTV, Atlantic Records, and now a feature-length theatrical recounting of his life. Take that, Satan. 
good Though Feuerzeig's film isn't quite successful at underlining what exactly it is about Johnston's childlike art that makes him so appealing, the documentary works superbly at proving Johnston is insane. 
best Heartbreaking, funny and inspirational, in equal measure - it'll also make you want to buy at least one Daniel Johnston album and you'll probably find yourself singing Casper the Friendly Ghost for the rest of the day. 
bad As a demonstration of how to put a life on screen, it is exemplary in its thoroughness and willingness to allow a multiplicity of views. 
best Rock 'n' roll's capacity for recycling legend means the stories of Johnston's life, and the way in which they're told, could easily fall into cliche. Instead they are original, engrossing and sometimes heartbreaking. 
bad The troubled singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston is the subject of an entertaining documentary. 
good Johnston's music has touched many; his story deserves to reach far, far more. 
good Occasionally slides into a breathless fan tribute, but nonetheless an affectionate and candid portrait of a troubled artist. 
good This well-done documentary will explain why Johnston has never been able to rise above cult status ... 
very_good Like Capturing the Friedmans, Devil is loaded with revealing footage, rife with psychodrama, including a creepy home movie in which the teenage Johnston plays himself and his overbearing mother. 
good ... an uncomfortably fascinating document of a man whose bipolar disorder and artistic ambitions are inextricably connected. 
very_good A searing, compassionate portrait of chronic mental illness. 
bad You don't need to be Einstein to know that not all geniuses are mad. More to the relative point, not all madmen are geniuses. 
fair There's no question Johnston is an intriguing person. Or that, based on the treasure trove of illuminating or baffling or maddening footage assembled here into a stylishly messy whole, he remains a work in progress. 
fair Perhaps Feuerzeig wanted to get away from the stereotypical 'talking head' interview, but by having the subject stop periodically to rinse and spit? 
bad It's little more than a decently-compiled, fan-inspired research project as opposed to something organically resonant or artful. 
good Regardless of how you feel about Johnston's art, The Devil and Daniel Johnston is worth seeing as a poignant portrait of a troubled life, still in the making. 
good Jeff Feuerzeig, who won the best director award at Sundance 2005 for this film, has started with a subject who has filmed himself and been filmed by others for more than 20 years. 
good Johnston gets his own documentary 
very_good Feuerzeig recounts it all with clear-eyed candor, turning to Johnston's battered friends and family for insight and empathy and to Johnston's tapes and drawings for an inside look at his illness. 
bad Really well done. 
best Whether Johnston is a genius or a wonderful anomaly remains to be seen, but director Jeff Feuerzeig has stitched together a detailed portrait of the artist's life and music that is never less than compelling. 
good Feuerzeig's film is as good a portrait of the artist as a beloved basket case as you'll see, but it's kept from greatness by the questions it refuses to ask itself. 
good A delicious character study that attracts and repels. 
good Feuerzeig tells the story of Johnston's journey from artistically inspired but domestically and socially challenged teen to singer-songwriter to full-blown manic depressive with a great deal of resourcefulness and wit. 
bad An inside look at the weird world of the cult hero of grunge rock who is, well, weird. 
good If Johnston is Joe Buck, Feuerzeig is his rambling, audacious Enrico Rizzo. 
very_good While the insane details of manic-depressive pop savant Daniel Johnston's troubled life make for gripping viewing, the best thing about Jeff Feuerzeig's excellent documentary is his refusal to romanticize Johnston's mental illness. 
good Feuerzeig paints a loving portrait of the up-and-down life of the troubled 45-year-old -- sort of a poor man's Brian Wilson. 
best Everything a good documentary should be. 
very_bad Devil turns out to be too indulgent and worshipful a film to justify its length (one hour and 50 minutes, including an interminable section on Johnston in high school), much less hold our attention for the duration. 
fair As for the serious fans of his work, well, maybe I'm not getting something, but they seem like the craziest people in the movie. 
very_good 'The Devil and Daniel Johnston' is a documentary that will haunt you all the way home, and into the night. 
very_good [The film] may be a paean to a lost 'genius,' but it is also a gritty, involving, warts-and-all tale of celebrity and psychosis that leaves a likely unanswerable question: Were the naive songs of Johnston's youth a window into his soul, or his disease? 
fair Johnston's story may seem like another '80s cultural footnote, but just when you think ... you've seen it all, another fascinating chapter in his eventful life comes along. 
good The romantic cliche that all artists are a little bit mad is put through its paces (if never seriously questioned) in this documentary about the musician Daniel Johnston. 
very_good I can't tell if the movie means to leave us somewhat hopeful or utterly devastated by the way God treats his own geniuses. 
very_good It's the way Feuerzeig walks with him on the line between creativity and madness that digs this haunting and hypnotic film into your memory. 
bad Why he keeps being a called a 'musical genius' in the film is something my ears could never understand. 
very_good Daniel Johnson's 'musical genius' is overblown. His only similarity to Brian Wilson is his mental illness, which is the true focus of this fascinating documentary. 
bad I viewed this as an outsider to his subculture and the film offered me little. 
good Brilliantly illustrates how Johnston's innate musical genius was virtually inseparable from his illness. 
fair The film is virtually overflowing with truly memorable scenes of great humor, pain, and inspiration. 
good The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a movie about a man whose demons live with him always, but who has somehow found a way of speaking that can still be heard above the din in his head. 
good A compelling and obsessive humanization of American eccentricity. 
terrible I'm Still Here is incredibly self indulgent and pointless. As a piece it is not funny, and simply put, it's just painful to watch and offers very little. 
very_bad Joaquin gets the last laugh on us all. But the movie's a mess. 
very_bad As a defeated Phoenix cleanses himself in the waters of Panama at the movie's climax, ultimately you're left asking the same question you were wondering when you went in: why should I care? 
very_bad If what's happening in the film is honest and real, it's more spectacle than introspection. If it's all fake, only the filmmakers are laughing. 
terrible An ugly and disturbing deconstruction of self-destruction and emptiness. 
very_good Phoenix and Affleck aren't merely concerned with teaching everyone a lesson -- that would be cheap. They offer us an opportunity to step through the looking glass and see the human being that sits behind the famous personality. 
terrible If Phoenix and Affleck are engaged in an extended performance-art piece, their message ? that America?s celebrity culture is empty and soul-crushing ? isn?t anything that hasn?t been said before. 
bad Phoenix needs a hug. And a Bowflex. 
terrible Casy Affleck is trying to claim that I'm Still Here is 'gonzo film-making'. And I'm right with him on that point. It DOES look like it was made by a muppet. 
very_good ...it took something like courage to make it, and it has some ofthe same iconoclastic power of punk rock, with the same edge of sneering cynicism ballasted by a canny sense of the market. 
terrible I don't get it. 
very_bad I'm Still Here's gruelling faux-doc assemblage loses its charm after about 40 minutes. 
very_bad Why leave all that wreckage in their path if there's no real point; no insightful takeaway? 
bad Self-indulgent? Definitely. Funny? Mostly. Real? It actually doesn't matter. 
bad The result is intriguing, fitfully amusing and terribly sad because if the story was for real then it has left Phoenix a laughing stock and a broken man. 
bad Affleck's meta-satire riffs amusingly on celebrity culture without hitting too many faux-doc highs. 
terrible Not entertaining at all, regardless of whether you believe it or not. It comes across as a bunch of talentless high school kids making a home-grown version of Jackass 
terrible No doubt what we witness is a performance for the camera, but with what motivation? Or is the hoax a hoax? 
very_bad The revelation the whole thing was a sham cannot repair the damage Joaquin Phoenix has done to a once-promising career. I'm Still Here is a practical joke, and not a very good one, either in conception or execution. 
very_good Dear The Academy Awards, please give Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck their Oscars now please. One of the most riveting pieces of entertainment this year! 
good Maybe "I'm Still Here" tells the truth, in the sense that it shows us Phoenix's unhappy personal view of the life behind the velvet rope that he's rejected. 
bad Is this cinema verite or a satire of celebrity self-regard? If this is 'Borat' in extremis, is its portrait of an artist in anguish any less legitimate? Ultimately, the film is more interesting to discuss than to watch. 
very_bad It's one thing to pull off a hoax; it's quite another to transform the fakery into authentic entertainment. 
best Joaquin Phoenix gives the performance of a lifetime. Funny, tragic, compulsive and utterly one of a kind, you must see this film. 
good It is an astonishing film -- hilarious, revealing and, at times, genuinely shocking. 
good The joke may yet be on us, but for now Affleck has delivered one of the most riveting yet virtually unwatchable documentaries you are ever likely to see. 
very_bad Although there aren't enough entertaining highlights to see us through the many dull spots, the film's sheer curiosity value keeps it queasily fascinating. 
good Whatever the truth, Affleck's film makes for a sharp critique of celebrity culture, as vicious vloggers lead a tirade of abuse against Phoenix, only serving to increase his angst. 
fair There's a kind of genius to the whole affair, which is a good thing, because there's no trace of genius about the film itself, which is coarse and amateurish. 
very_bad Although skillfully overhyped, this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers. 
bad It raises some interesting questions about celebrity privilege and categorization. 
good A comedy that's toe-curlingly funny and stingingly bittersweet. 
good As director Casey Affleck does a brilliantly invisible job. We barely even think "fly on the wall"; we assume there are no walls. 
bad If you like watching movie stars embarrass themselves for your amusement and for no point whatsoever, I'm Still Here is not a bad way to go. 
fair If the film had been released as fiction, it would been greeted as a raw and revealing slice of Hollywood's underside. But Phoenix wouldn't have enjoyed himself nearly as much. 
bad As directed by actor Casey Affleck -- also the subject's brother-in-law -- I'm Still Here is an unreliable, yet undeniably unique portrait of Phoenix burning his celebrity to cinders. 
bad The film is shapeless in a way that suggests Affleck and his editing team is making it up entirely out of odds and ends. 
good Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a blackly funny mockumentary that works on several different levels, though it's not exactly an easy watch. 
good Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of his best performances playing a twisted version of himself in this might be / might not be real docu-drama. 
terrible Real documentary or hoax it's pathetic; there are definitely only losers here, in the film, behind the camera, and in the audience. 
bad The crux of I'm Still Here is the same as the one central to most of Lars von Trier's filmic pranks: How far can one mess with one's audience while feigning sincerity? 
bad [It] may or may not be a put-on. If it is, it's done with a visceral edge that is as difficult to watch as it is morbidly fascinating 
fair Assuming this is a hoax, Phoenix gives one of his greatest performances. If it's real, then he's a disgrace. 
bad At this point, it looks like it's up to you whether you want to believe or not. Phoenix's trainwreck of a life and the "why" becomes a discussion for another time. 
bad Hip hop hoax or artist reborn? It's hard to care after suffering through I'm Still Here 
terrible I'm Still Here is a home movie for relatives and masochists. It's the Apocalypse Now of crap. 
terrible An elaborate piece of performance art or a documentary about an identity crisis of a man committing professional suicide? Either way, I'm Still Here is grating, boring, and completely without value. 
bad It's a neat experiment with a brilliant performance but still not all that interesting. 
fair I'm not sure I believed a word of this film. Actors who melt down on camera are usually, well, acting. But I couldn't take my eyes off I'm Still Here. 
fair To what end did Phoenix go to all this trouble, creating this bizarre false persona? What emerges in the film is an angry attack on the media, and an intermittently fascinating examination of the way celebrity flameouts are publicly & privately treated. 
very_bad It's hard not to feel punk'd and trapped amid the company of jerks. 
good At times I'm Still Here is as ridiculous as Borat, which certainly adds weight to the naysayers' arguments, and yet even through the multiple shots of male nudity, drug taking and human desecration, everything feels organic. 
bad The movie is as damnably perplexing as the subject himself. 
terrible When I'm Still Here reached its climactic moment -- Joaquin Phoenix puking into a toilet -- I had never before felt quite so much like a toilet. 
bad We always knew that he can be a bit of a weirdo; I'm Still Here teaches us that he can be exceedingly clever as well. And there will always be a place in Hollywood for clever weirdos. 
bad I'm Still Here is like watching the 15 minutes in Boogie Nights where Dirk Diggler tries to become a recording artist, stretched into a full-length movie. 
good Whatever their actual intentions, I'm Still Here does take on, at times forcefully and effectively, the pathological fallout of the Entertainment Industrial Complex. 
very_bad A glum and dispiriting counterfeit of reality that turns out to be much more interesting to speculate about than to actually watch. 
best It better be a hoax, because, if it is not, Phoenix needs serious mental and emotional therapy and, possibly, rehab. 
good If I'm Still Here started as a vanity project, it became a debasing one. If it is a hoax, it shows Phoenix as an actor entirely without fear. 
fair A psychological snuff film, unpleasant and provocative in equal measure. 
terrible Whether truth or folly, it's not particularly well made. Even in the midst of Phoenix's most oddball and obsessive torment, it's boring. 
very_good A meditation on a life lived in the public eye, I'm Still Here is strange, riveting, and occasionally appalling stuff, any way you look at it. 
fair What I'm Still Here most resembles is a less slick, less witty, feature-length version of HBO's Entourage, with several unusually raunchy touches... 
terrible There is absolutely no good that can come from this movie. 
terrible Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down, mumbling and shirtless, I'm Still Here is literally (and figuratively) an exercise in navel-gazing. 
fair Parts of it are close to genius; most of it is actively torturous to watch. 
bad If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience, it certainly doesn't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as, say, Borat. 
bad "I'm Still Here" is a film that gets in your face and under your skin. Kind of like a portrait wiped with the artist's excrement. It's disgusting, but it's still art. The question is, at what cost? 
very_bad If all that I'm Still Here documents is a hoax then Joaquin Phoenix is a far better actor than I ever suspected. 
bad The big question that the peculiar [film] doesn't answer is whether Phoenix is working through a creative rut or if any of his unusual behavior is par for the course. 
very_bad You won't personally be ridiculed and physically attacked. You'll just leave the theater feeling like you were. 
bad Suggests a proper human being trying to make sense of a life in the public eye he never really wanted. 
good If the movie is a fake, the filmmakers deserve Oscars for creativity. 
good As a character he is extreme, a grandiose wild man who manages to be irritating and ingratiating at the exact same time. It is a performance that is both absurd and committed and ranks among his best. 
best I'm Still Here is a picture of spoiled entitlement, but its real impressiveness comes with its unusually mature sense of pacing. 
very_bad Increasingly annoying, deluded, mumbling narcissism. Joaquin Phoenix may still be here, somewhere, but I no longer care. 
bad Like a pair of po-faced co-conspirators, Affleck and Phoenix have cooked up an audacious little distraction; a stage-managed Hollywood Babylon that's at once gaudily entertaining and willfully self-indulgent. 
very_bad The film is made up of half-formed sketches in which Phoenix comes across like a childish crank who's escaped from his soap box at Speakers' Corner. 
bad This film gives us more access than the most inquisitive tabloid magazines into Phoenix's world. By doing so, it makes us question and even become a little ashamed about our own voyeurism. 
terrible Rarely has the question of a documentary's artifice mattered less. I genuinely hated this picture, almost as much as I've admired Phoenix's work. 
good It's not well-done technically -- the image and sound are bad -- but it has the advantage of access to private and tormented moments. 
very_bad IMDB lists the title of the film as "Ip Man Zero," an obvious nod to its coming before parts one and two, but unfortunately, it's also an inadvertent comment on what this particular film has to offer. 
good Can the most currently popular martial arts series survive without Donnie Yen, the most popular action star in Asia? Absolutely. 
very_bad There is nothing in this bubbling soap opera of a plot that can't be solved with drawn-out fight scenes. And so they jump and kick, poke, slap and twirl for half the film. 
bad Blends the narrative, the dancing, and the music in a vibrant way that hasn't been captured before. Otherwise, it's really just more of the same. 
good With each successive film, whatever passes for story becomes all the more shallow and trite--and the movies as a whole actually get *better*. 
very_bad Incredibly stupid in just about every way. And yet, it had what may have been my favorite scene at the movies this year...[Blu-ray 3D] 
bad The latest entry in a consistently underwhelming series... 
bad Whilst the film attempts to advocate the organic and liberating tenets of dance, it contradicts this message though consumerism and unashamed product placement. 
very_bad The only laugh comes during the end credits, when the phrase 'featuring characters created by Duane Adler' pops up onto the screen. This film had characters? Now that's entertainment. 
very_bad Step Up 3D is one D too many. This gimmick-laden film is filled with cliches in the production as well as the script. 
bad Step Up 3D ima isforsiranih momenata no na sre&#263;u takvih je malo pa vrijeme provedeno ispred ekrana relativno brzo prolazi 
terrible full review at Movies for the Masses 
bad While I did have fun while watching it, I can't say for sure if I would have been quite so forgiving if I had actually paid to see it. 
terrible This, the latest variation on the "follow your dream" dance fantasy, draws an ever sharper line between tip-top street dance and bottom-of-the-class dialogue and acting. 
bad The 3-D at its best pops (a red-gloved dancer bursts out from the screen as if diving through a window), but more often it's merely Dramamine-inducing. 
good This is a very silly movie, but it's a pretty fun one as well. 
very_bad When Step Up 3D isn't throwing stuff at the crowd, its dance sequences do jump out of the screen in a pretty cool way. The routines are impressive, but the plot less so. 
fair For a change, the 3D gimmickry actually works, particularly with Chadd "Madd Chadd" Smith's uncanny robot-dance moves. 
good A swooping visual delight! 
terrible ... the dances are juiced up with all kinds of snazzy digital effects ... Were the dances digitally created as well? Maybe not, but the suspicion alone is fatal. 
bad It's all about the moves, and I count the film's moronic perkiness as a plus: it could be the dumbest thing all year that I have to admit enjoying. 
very_bad Those who would like a storyline not caressed by cliche had better beware. 
very_bad There are moments of energetic charm here, but the script is so painfully poor, and the plot's creaky turns so unintentionally comedic, that they're all but lost in the noise. 
terrible It's like Muppets Take Manhattan, but replace a milquetoast young artiste for an amnesiac frog and a group of muppets for a post-racial group of seamlessly integrated metrosexuals. 
bad This movie gets points for knowing it is just a dance movie and never trying to be anything else. 
bad If you actually like the hiphop style of dancing, much of the film is given over to energetic displays,although one is hardpressed to say why one group... deserves to win. 
bad It's the only one of the trilogy gauche enough to be amusing... so loopy that you'd need to have a heart of flint not to be carried away. 
terrible Bad acting and loud, insurmountable narrative gear-grinding completely derail an admirable lesson -- that the human body remains one of if not the most engaging big screen special effects there is. 
very_bad Likely to leave even unworldly 12-year-olds rolling, rather than breakin', in the aisles. 
very_bad Even with the addition of 3-D it feels as if the Step Up series has nothing new to offer. 
bad a trial to endure 
very_bad By adding 3D, Step Up 3 has morphed from a film into that creepy guy who dances at you in clubs. 
bad "Step Up 3D" has pedestrian acting, weak dialog and a storyline that might as well have been generated by an iPhone ap. It's a good thing that nobody is buying tickets to see this movie for its dramaturgy. 
bad This is NOT the first 3-D movie musical, as advertised, and the blandness of Malambri and Vinson can't compare with the charisma of Fred & Ginger or Gene Kelly with a broomstick. 
very_bad Functions less as a story than as a catalog of references meant to interest a young audience: mixed martial arts, parkour, X-games, Red Hook, Chinatown, D.I.Y. filmmaking. 
bad Still as light on story as it is on its feet, but audiences looking to get a cinematic workout from the high-stepping action served up here could do a lot worse. 
fair Unabashedly corny, contrived and comes alive with irresistibly captivating, eye-popping energy during the vibrant dance numbers. 
very_bad Character and plausibility is never going to be this film's strong point; it's all about the moves. And in that at least, it's no let-down. 
very_bad Even by the rock-bottom standards of dance movies, the script is abysmal: formulaic and dumb. 
very_bad Plotwise, this is a slow dance indeed, with the players partnered-up with club-footed cliches and some deeply one-dimensional characters. 
bad The movie's cheese, with cheese on the side -- and a portion of impressive footwork. 
very_bad Fun dance routines are best part of otherwise boring movie. 
fair There is some awkward editing and cheesy showing-off, but the dancers' tremendous talent is given the focus it deserves. 
very_bad It's hard to hate as relentlessly upbeat a film as the weightless Step Up 3D. It's also hard to remember it for very long, it sits so lightly upon the brain. 
bad The dance scenes are inventive and pop out in all kinds of strange places. 
bad Though director Jon Chu brings admirable energy and imagination to Step Up 3D's dance extravaganzas, he can't animate shockingly wooden performances or cure stumble-footed dialogue. 
good Eye-popping dance-floor awesomeness and jaw-dropping dramatic awfulness combine to produce the must-see dumbest movie of the year and possibly even of the 21st century -- and yes, I know we've still got nine decades to go. 
fair The main reason to see Step Up 3D is for the high-energy dancing and innovative camerawork, and on those points it delivers. 
terrible Saw 3D looked like the scariest tri-dimensional offering at the movies this year. Until now. 
fair Would it be a better musical experience if when Gene Kelly splashed about in Singin' in the Rain, you saw each drop of water bouncing towards you? 
good Step Up 3D is as supremely exhilarating and thoroughly terrible as fans of the series might've expected. 
bad Step Up 3-D is worth seeing for the amazing Fred Astaire homage sequence. Jon Chu nailed the longest 3D single-take shot in cinema history. The 3D was even great! 
very_bad The mischievous Sevani remains one to watch, but Vinson and Malambri are as bland as the hackneyed story surrounding them. 
good An exhilarating summer treat for all ages, Step Up 3D celebrates the transformative power of dance. 
very_bad The dance sequences in Step Up 3-D are thrilling, but the script is strictly 1-D. 
terrible You really can't say that the 3-D helps bring this series full circle. More like a straight line of cheesiness that features more covered crotch comin' at ya than a Jim Wynorski film. 
terrible It's like West Side Story and Singing in the Rain had a three way with the Devil, and this was the result. 
fair Some of the visual razzmatazz isn't as polished as it should be, but the dance sequences, especially the go-for-broke finale, more than compensate for that. 
bad Of all the pitfalls potentially awaiting new freshmen at New York University, one I've never heard mentioned is the dance pimp. 
fair Rhythmically, athletically and energetically, Step Up 3D does not disappoint. 
terrible Between 3-D and regular viewing, the only way to see Step Up 3D is not to. 
bad There's no need for the Screenwriting 101 structure, our demands are too simple: just shut up and dance. 
bad Using 3-D to tell this trite story is, as they say, like putting lipstick on a pig. 
very_bad If you're nine years old you'll really be into it. If you're somewhat older you'll be wondering why they suddenly decided to remake Rent as a children's film. 
terrible The conventions of quality cinema just got served. 
very_bad Watching this movie in 3-D is very much like sticking one's head in a blender and hitting "pulse.'' 
bad Alas, the extra dimension doesn't compensate for a cliched, predictable plot, one dimensional characters, mediocre performances and dopey dialogue. 
fair While director Jon M. Chu's acrobatic cast proves adept at moonwalks and break-dances -- and even tangos and tap -- not a one displays anything even closely approximating charisma. 
very_bad It's the same movie as the earlier "gotta dance" over-choreographed crunk-and-breakdance epics. Exactly the same. Well, stripped of any hint of edge or sex appeal. 
very_bad Sure, it's nifty enough to see dust particles swirling or hands swooshing at you, but mostly the 3-D muddles the invention and exquisiteness of the film's raison d'etre: the dancing. 
bad Even if you've heard the one about the high-stakes dance contest that Manhattan street performers must win to hold onto their communal home, you've never seen it done quite like this. 
very_bad If only there were more drop kicks and fewer banal lines. 
bad Director Jon Chu is, to lesser acclaim, a modern day Busby Berkeley; he's a choreographer, not a storyteller. 
very_bad While the 3D dance scenes pop off the screen, the lines -- and cliched plot -- are delivered with a resounding clunk. 
good It boasts a generous exuberance and, as entertainment products go, it's surprisingly sweet. 
fair The 3D, as well as the rehashed plot, do little to enhance the frequently phenomenal dancing in this third "Step Up" film. 
bad How can you not find a space in your heart for a 21st century villain saddled with the name Julien? 
bad Two words: LASER FINGERS! 
very_bad The ninth plague of Egypt: 3D films for those with a mental age of six. 
bad This is all about the moves and on that score Step Up 3D is BFAB - blatant fun; almost brilliant. 
very_bad Step Up 3D features superb 3D effects and suitably impressive dance sequences but it fails to connect on an emotional level... 
bad All the energy goes into the dancing, which is considerable fun. 
good It's a contemporary movie musical that makes you feel genuinely sky-high. 
bad If you can ignore what is an undoubted handful of shame thrown upon yourself by checking this film out, you'll have a great time along the way. 
very_bad So devoid of spark and humour that no matter how loud or fast or yoof it gets, it still feels like an endless slog. 
good Some of the best street dancing ever committed to the big screen. 
bad Get lyrical people, Step Up 3D is foot-tapping fun. 
bad It's not good, but it's a lot of fun. 
good Justly celebrated as the rare Elvis movie in which Presley is not just complemented but also challenged by a song-and-dance co-star of comparable sexual energy and anatomical expressiveness. 
good It's not magic, this movie, but it is alchemy of a kind... 
good Vegas ad is a nonstop song-and-dance delight. 
very_good Presley's one really good musical, mainly because it features a female costar, Ann-Margret, who can match the coiffed one in the charisma stakes. 
bad ...a cut above most of Elvis's movies, but, unfortunately, it still comes off as little more than an upscale nightclub revue. 
very_good Directed by George Sidney, it has a carefree spirit as opposed to the carelessness of the other films, and for once Elvis is paired with a worthy co-star. 
bad Coming on a balmy day, with no pretensions of art, Viva Las Vegas, the new Elvia Presley vehicle, is about as pleasant and unimportant as a banana split. And as fetching to look at, it might be added. 
good Hallucinatory but fabulously entertaining. 
bad One of Presley's best and most popular musicals. 
good May be Elvis's raunchiest and most pleasing film, thanks mostly to co-star Ann-Margaret. 
good It is ridiculous. It is a little teensy bit sexist. It is a relic of a bygone age. It is as predictable as the sunrise. It is also, of course, rip-roaring fun. 
good Ultimately it's hard to say exactly why you'll like it -- but you will. 
bad Elvis not only rocks the city of lights but also showed he could act. 
fair How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is. 
fair ...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot 
best It's truly a masterpiece in the end. 
fair This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered. 
fair I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used. 
very_bad ...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation... 
good There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years. 
bad Well-tread territory. 
good Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention. 
good There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better. 
good It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror. 
fair The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable. 
fair Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters. 
good This one makes you sweat. 
good The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul. 
good There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee. 
best That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext. 
terrible We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context. 
fair Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us. 
good [Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning. 
bad Murky and pretty near incomprehensible. 
good The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in. 
bad A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning. 
good A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest. 
good Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted. 
bad When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward. 
very_good Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years! 
good a delirious melange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours 
good It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror. 
very_good Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over. 
fair Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development. 
bad More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex. 
good Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary. 
good Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story. 
fair Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic! 
good An intricate, rather beautiful dance of momentum and force. 
good A perfectly entertaining, exciting, and competently made action thriller, [but] it can't help but be somewhat of a letdown. 
bad Travolta is camp, but the action is cool in true John Woo style. 
very_bad too long, too loud, too silly 
good Directed with the keen action instincts Woo brought to The Killer, Hard-Boiled and other cult causes from his career in Hong Kong. 
fair What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again. 
very_bad Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho. 
very_bad Vaughn's Norman Bates is much inferior because he lacks the natural neurosis of Anthony Perkins. 
bad The movie doesn't stink. The performances are good, potentially great, especially Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates, but he owns a scene just for doing that psychotic giggle of his. 
very_bad Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie). 
very_bad franky it sucks 
fair Gus Vant Sant has remade Alfred Hitchcock's classic slasher film with so much reverence and so little originality that it is not clear what the point is. 
fair It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days. 
good Predictably, it's (almost) the exact same film, but I wouldn't say that it's a pointless enterprise. 
terrible It's not so much that this movie didn't need to be made. The real tragedy is that a group of enormously talented people wasted several months of their lives when together they could have done something fresh and exciting and original. 
bad Gus Van Sant assumiu um trabalho ingrato: quando as cenas funcionam, em seu filme, a responsabilidade e de Hitchcock. Quando falham, a culpa e sua. 
terrible An utterly empty technical achievement. 
fair What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow. 
very_bad Van Sant's pseudo-Xerox is flat, mannered and often downright boring! 
bad Es mejor que las nuevas generaciones vayan a la tienda de videos y renten la version original 
very_bad Vince Vaughn is probably the best person you can get to fill Anthony Perkins' shoes; he can be one of America's best film stars one day, and that is evident in the way he treats his character on screen. 
bad Whereas the original was fascinating and shocking, the reconstruction is bland and lifeless. 
terrible Vince Vaughn's Norman Bates is about as terrifying as a tranquilized dachshund. 
fair Less a remake and more a scene-by-scene reconstruction, with all of the original dialogue intact. 
bad It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation. 
good This gutsy cinematic experiment is more than just a curiosity. It's an intelligent homage (at times even a spoof) and still a bit of a hand-wringer, even though pop culture has spoiled all the surprises. 
bad Having all of this distinctly '60s material played out by '90s performers in living color makes for a film that feels jarringly anachronistic... 
very_good Is this film better than the original? The answer is no, not quite, but to my shock, it is just about as good of a remake as could have possibly been expected. 
bad There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role. 
very_good Vaughn, from the outset, seems like a loose cannon, a nut case, a psycho. Unlike Anthony Perkins who, at first, appeared as a shy mama's boy, Vaughn adds an extra layer of menace to his Norman that renders Van Sant's film a bit a-kilter. 
bad The one actor who stood out from the pack was definitely the rising star of the year, Vince Vaughn, who took Anthony Perkins' superb original performance, and added his own macabre touch of surrealism. 
good Vaughn and Heche bring energy and freshness to the parts originated by Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. Heche is so good, in fact, and so frisky and watchable in her role, that after her grisly demise in the shower you miss her for a long time. 
good Though some hard-core fans of the original may scoff at anything that tries to compete, Van Sant's version of Psycho is actually pretty good. 
bad Since this is a virtual shot-by-shot, line-by-line remake of the original masterpiece, it's like watching a new version of a Shakespeare play. Think about it. 
fair A worthy experiment! 
bad Maybe in 50 years, Gus Van Sant's Psycho will be the classic that needs protection from upstart filmmakers. 
very_bad This is a lifeless, workmanlike project; all tension has been leeched away. Also, it's in color. 
very_bad The movie is an invaluable experiment in the theory of cinema, because it demonstrates that a shot-by-shot remake is pointless; genius apparently resides between or beneath the shots, or in chemistry that cannot be timed or counted. 
bad It's so slavishly similar to its predecessor -- right down to the symbolic lettering on Marion's license plates -- that there's little to spark fresh discussion except the acting. 
terrible Even with its surreal shot-for-shot sense of recreation, what we wind up with here is hubris meshed with an affront to every genre fan's sense of propriety. 
very_bad It retains little of the frights and the material feels surprisingly dated. 
bad As Norman Bates, Vince Vaughn makes us better appreciate how much Anthony Perkins brought to the original project. 
fair With the vibrant colour photography, we find ourselves getting caught up in the style, and so instead of atmosphere being added, all that happens is attention being detracted. Perhaps they should have recreated the period of the original film. 
bad Even with Hitchcock's shot list and a visual record of the crime, Van Sant can't come up with anything more than a wan tribute to the master, proving it takes more than a good storyboard to make a film work. 
bad Vince Vaughn simply does not convey Norman's inner madness with Anthony Perkins's elan, nor can Viggo Mortensen, who comes across as somehow eccentric, match the undeviating John Gavin in the 1960 work. 
bad On the whole, the remake is just about, but not quite as good as the original Psycho. 
fair There's nothing really wrong here, but it all seems uninspired. 
fair Recommended for fans of groovy '60s and '70s, cult oddities. 
terrible Forgettable farce 
good Surprisingly sharp and funny. Fox, Douglas, and Travis are gems. 
bad Douglas, Fox and Travis are a riotous threesome! 
fair One of those "breathless ensemble farces" that I always seem to like. (See also: "Clue" & "Noises Off") 
terrible This is simply an assembly of cinematic cliches. 
terrible Please, oh please, make these teen-targeted romantic comedies go away. 
terrible Whatever It Takes is one of the worst and most inept teen movies I've seen since last year's Jawbreaker. 
bad What you're actually hearing is the sound of a really old coot preaching a very practised sermon. 
fair Whatever It Takes is certainly nothing new or ground-breaking, but for what it is, it's entertaining and slightly above-average. 
terrible This is about as lame as teen comedy/romance films come. 
very_bad It never has enough confidence to let itself go and shock or surprise the audience. 
fair Worthy sentiments all, but not exactly fresh insights. 
terrible Made-for-TV blandness. 
very_bad Still another movie arguing that the American teenager's IQ level hovers in the low 90s. 
very_bad Like some kind of perverse cinematic plague, the teen comedies keep coming, each looking like a more washed-out xerox of the last one. 
terrible The script's way of handling its romantic complications is unusually obtuse and insensitive. 
fair Whatever It Takes is light, fluffy, fast-paced, and through the sludge of overdone ideas are a couple original moments. 
bad Despite its formulaic plot and all-too-tired themes, this John Hughes-movie wannabe has just enough quirky charm to compensate for its generic story. 
bad This is the cinematic equivalent of those over-the-hill jocks who show up at their high school's game wearing a mothballed letter-jacket. 
terrible With a running time of 92 minutes, Whatever It Takes is too long by an hour and a half. 
terrible Another lowest-common- denominator high school romance made from the cannibalized parts of equally unambitious teen fare. 
very_bad Besides being strictly perfunctory, the movie is marked by its offhand sense of cruelty. 
bad Emotional falsehood permeates the picture, but at least the young actors are appealing. 
terrible An assembly-line high-school comedy that flunks miserably in all three subjects. 
bad A blessedly obscure little movie that you won't be finding on Whoopi's career highlights reel. 
bad Whoopi Goldberg se esforca ao maximo para prender a atencao do espectador, mas o roteiro (escrito por seis pessoas!) anula suas tentativas com uma historia previsivel e repleta de cliches. 
bad Whoopi Goldberg becomes the coach of the Knicks in this silly and utterly harmless sports comedy. Too bad it just isn't funny. 
terrible One of those Whoopi Goldberg movies that makes you wonder about her career sense 
terrible Basically moronic Whoopi basketball comedy. 
good It's a fresh, funny, engaging picture that sets up an arresting situation and then follows through on it realistically. 
terrible It's a movie that makes you feel cheated and offended, because someone came up with a poster and a marketing plan to which they had to attach an actual movie, and you had the nerve to believe it was going to be a comedy. 
terrible There's no doubt she's funny, but she could be so much more. 
fair As long as the hoopsters mix it up with the Whoopster, it's fun. A second-string story keeps interrupting, though. 
terrible If the people responsible for Eddie were trying to make a statement about greed in professional sports with this laughless comedy, they didn't just miss the shot -- they missed the rim, net and backboard completely. 
terrible Even cameos from such NYC luminaries as Ed Koch, Rudy Giuliani, Donald Trump, Sirajul & Mujibar, and appearances from NBA legends Walt Frazier, Rodman, the Spurs, Kings, and Pacers can't save this foul dog. And no Billy Barty, to boot. 
terrible Avoid. 
very_bad Easy-going, safe and stale. 
very_bad This sounds like a sensational scenario, but, alas, almost everything in betweenis recycled out of lightweight sports-movie cliches, and the movie never captures the electricity and excitement of the real NBA. 
very_bad It's a dull, stale affair with suspenseless game sequences, humorless jokes, and pathetic drama. 
fair Eddie certainly would have been a mess without Goldberg to add an unexpected feminine view. It probably would have been a failure, too because she's the only thing drawing women to this sports picture. 
fair Ms. Goldberg has everything it takes -- terrific lungs, endless wisecracks, that ear-to-ear grin -- to play the New York Knicks fan who is the star of this Cinderella story. 
bad Gangnam Blues does not break much new ground for its genre, but it's very well-made in what is by now a familiar Korean style, emphasising clarity, medium-to-long shots, and symmetrical compositions with actors often directly facing the camera. 
good If some concessions to Indian cinema convention don't work, that's compensated by still-suspenseful and involving storyline and the committed performances by the actors. 
good This most enduring adaptation of the Faustian moral fable is totally satisfying. 
best There has never been a more inventive nor engaging retelling of this classic story. 
best Dr Jekyll combines gothic horror, aristocratic romance and madcap Freudian psychodrama into a dizzying, exhilarating brew. 
very_good While some of the dialogue and acting may now seem arch, this remains a standout take on the classic novel, visually inventive and often surprisingly strong given the era in which it was made. 
good It's a lurid potboiler which is notable for some superb camera work (a long POV tracking shot at the beginning of the film for example), some innovative early special effects and some of the most deranged overacting you are ever likely to see. 
good Mamoulian's vision of Dr Jekyll's hidden life in the foggy Victorian underworld is fascinating. 
good Powerful performances from March and Hopkins and richly atmospheric cinematography help make for a memorable journey down Stevenson's "strange and terrible road." 
good The 1931 version of the Robert Louis Stevenson novella, directed by the great Rouben Mamoulian, is still the best version there is, far more frightening than the glossy MGM version Victor Fleming made a decade or so later. 
very_good Easily the best of the many versions of the Stevenson horror classic. 
best Great effects for its time and some incredible performances makes this a true cinema classic. 
best Transformations still amaze; best version to date. 
bad It is an engaging, old-fashioned movie, using the right blend of thoughtful artistry and matinee thrills, with a touch of eroticism to spice things up. 
fair Jekyll's predicament, his repressed sexual frustration...and the consequent release of this frustration as Hyde, must have been a pain for the censors to accept. 
best One of the most strikingly creative films of its era. Mamoulian piles innovative approach on top of innovative approach with dizzying speed to create a movie unlike any other. 
bad Unable to explore the disturbingly misogynist undercurrents of the tale, the film is memorable mostly for the fine performances of the leads. 
bad If you're looking for cheesy B-movies on your next visit to Netflix, you could do worse. 
bad Jimenez has certainly chosen the best mob flicks to emulate, but The Connection works best when charting its own course. 
good A very compelling true crime tale. Like the flipside of THE FRENCH CONNECTION. 
bad A fascinating true-crime story gets a flat, formulaic treatment in The Connection. Where's the jolting, no-holds-barred energy of Popeye Doyle when you need it? 
bad Besides the fact that it's full of near-misses, the movie's charming leads salvage it from being just another predictable romantic drama. 
very_bad Predictable romance has teen sex, drinking. 
good Managed to win me over with a combination of British charm, clever writing, and well-executed performances. 
bad "Love, Rosie" is one of those annoying movies in which everything would be just fine if the two central characters had a simple conversation that cleared up all their misunderstandings. 
fair Love, Rosie's early charm fades by the end, given that, as time (and the movie) wears on, neither Rosie nor Alex get any more mature when it comes to matters of the heart. 
very_bad Do you really want to expose your adolescent daughter to 100 minutes of the beautiful Lily Collins accepting second-best, over and over and over and over and over and over and over again? 
bad A visually pleasing film, given to framing the characters in dappled sunlight that peeks through windblown leaves. It's a pity the rest of the project is so poorly executed. 
bad The problem isn't that Rosie and Alex aren't charming; in fact, they're both thoroughly nice and endearing and attractive, so much so that I lost interest in them pretty quickly. 
terrible "A Styrofoam heart and an embarrassingly juvenile worldview guide 'Love, Rosie,' the latest pit stop for rising stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin." 
bad The good-hearted and intermittently sweet Love, Rosie attempts through sheer force of will to convince viewers that its good-looking protagonists are a good match. 
fair Cynics should steer clear, but Love, Rosie boasts two charming leads, a genuinely sweet tenor and such a warm blend of humor and heart that it could easily become a new teen favorite. 
bad A romance found wanting thanks to watered down chemistry between the stars. 
bad It's all a bit of a mess really. Despite the likeability of the two stars - Lily Collins and Sam Claflin, whose mouth resembles Hugh Grant's - there is so much silliness in this film that I found it alienating. 
bad As romantic-comedies go, this worthwhile, incident-packed effort deserves credit for spending the balance of its time exploring the underside of love...The last time we saw that done this well was 27 Dresses. 
bad What all this adds up to is a film with the consistency of fairy floss, enjoyable provided you're not expecting substance of any kind at all. 
terrible [A] brightly moronic young adult romance. 
very_bad It's not entirely unlikable, but there's nothing here to match the charm of the movies this imitates, nor justify the mood swings that it signally fails to negotiate. 
very_bad If you've seen the trailer for this adaptation of Cecelia Ahern's second novel then you probably needn't bother forking out for a ticket as they more or less signpost just how the story pans out. 
terrible Maybe Dublin collectively dissociated itself from the project. Who'd blame it? 
very_bad Collins has a gamine-like quality reminiscent of a young Audrey Hepburn but her effervescent charm isn't enough to hide the chronic absurdities in the storyline. 
bad Love, Rosie is a cheery, sweetly funny will-they-won't-they teen rom-com that rolls on through the more complex twenties of Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) as their friendship, which began aged five, teeters on the cusp of love. 
very_bad Everything is so calculated and phoney that you don't believe a word of it. 
very_bad Amid the bungles, Collins is a bright spark. 
terrible Never before has one script screamed so loudly for a Carrie Fisher rewrite; anything at all to inject a little wit, decency or soul. 
bad The destination may never be in doubt, but thanks to likeable performances from stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin this predictable film has a heart and soul that keeps it watchable for the duration. 
very_bad A soapy heartstring fiddler ... 
very_bad Celia Ahern's chick-lit novel about two friends who are secretly in love has been made into a not-quite-rubbish Brit romcom. 
bad Cliched, predictable and unbearable in parts - but it never once loses sight of what it's trying to achieve, affectionately, and earnestly, adhering to the tropes of the romantic comedy genre. 
bad Likeable leads and the odd good joke makes this romance an amiable time-passer. 
very_bad That it wastes the talent of two young actors with star potential is upsetting, that it insults its audience is frankly unforgivable. 
fair From the makers of the adorable British sitcom Outnumbered comes a lovely, fable-like tragi-comic tale about life, loss, lying and honesty. 
good The supporting cast will delight fans of British television. 
bad Despite the serious subjects of death, divorce and family dysfunction, this remains a feel-good family movie 
good Connolly's on top form too, and the chemistry between Tennant and Pike convinces. 
bad There are plenty of close-to-the-bone belly laughs as the estranged McLeods hit the road for Scotland, after which an unexpectedly morbid twist takes us into altogether darker territory ... 
good Although its story easily could have spun right off the rails, this British comedy uses earthy honesty to win the audience over. 
very_bad A shambolic farcical twist is engineered that makes no practical, emotional or even comic sense. 
good You deserve some sort of honour if, as a creator of comedy, you devise a technique so solid that it can translate from TV to film without losing any of its personality 
bad The film is funny, if predictable, about such subjects as motorway traffic jams, sibling rivalry and family feuding. 
bad There's a lovely loose feel to What We Did on Our Holiday, partly down to the fact that while the adult characters have tightly scripted dialogue the child actors were allowed a good deal of leeway. 
very_bad This holiday is about as much fun as a wet weekend in Chernobyl. 
good The tonal shifts can be a touch jarring, but there is a thin line between comedy and tragedy that is all the more poignant seen through innocent eyes. 
best Veryimpressive and likable stuff. 
very_bad Is there any more tired device for illustrating growing attraction than a montage sequence where the characters make funny faces for photographs? 
terrible This garbled and nonsensical Brit farce has apparently been inspired by Kids Say The Funniest Things. 
bad Despite a second act lull, Connolly convinces in this cute and charming comedy. 
bad It's thought-provoking and unexpected, if not something to write home about in a hurry. 
bad [It] has sincerity and genuine charm. 
bad This is a strange and unexpected comedy that turns its cliched premise on its head and emerges with something worthwhile. 
good The comedy and the tragedy are deftly balanced but what impresses the most is the way everything unfolds from the children's perspective. As we drop down a couple of feet, it's the adult world that needs to grow up. 
bad Amiable observational humour and likeable performances. 
good You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll probably book a holiday to the (beautifully shot) Highlands. 
good I can't quite believe that a film as cheesy-looking as What We Did On Our Holiday is this good, but it is. It really is. 
very_bad To be honest, I was just trying not to lose consciousness. 
best The story of how to become a new, better, more whole self... There is nothing less tragic than that. 
best Kieslowski...implies, not for the first or last time, a form of divine intervention or destiny at work... [Blu-ray] 
best Binoche's performance is brilliantly understated, and she conveys with minimal dialogue and outward affectation a woman who is internally in turmoil 
good Director Krzysztof Kieslowski's noted visual style is amply on display: images are transformed from the familiar into the unearthly, with a sense of dislocation permeating the whole. 
best Juliette Binoche stars in Blue, which was once considered the weakest of the trilogy but holds up better than one would have suspected. 
good In Blue, the first of the Three Color Trilogy, Polish filmmaker Kieslowski tackled unabashedly spiritual and existential issues through the graceful presence of French actress Juliette Binoche. 
good I was moved and touched by all three, and continue to ponder which is my favourite (but lately I'm thinking 'Blue.') 
very_good A fascinating mood piece. 
best As the French might say, "Se manifique.' 
very_good Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is shaping up to be an admirable exercise in interconnected cinema, but for a truly transcendent experiment in this vein, it's hard to top Krzysztof Kieslowski's dazzling trio from 1993-94. 
good slow and difficult, and to some extent, that's what Kieslowski wanted 
very_good A powerful motion picture. 
very_good A challenge to the imagination. 
good Blue is a movie that engages the mind, challenges the senses, implores a resolution, and tells, with aesthetic grace and formal elegance, a good story and a political allegory. 
good A complex and fascinating character study of grief, directed with a mesmerizing grace. 
good What If is that rare romantic comedy that's able to fulfill both parts of the genre qualifications, while at the same time overcoming the limitations placed on it by the cumbersome and overused formula normally associated with it. 
very_bad With little risk taken, here is a film you've seen a million times before, and sadly, will see a million times again. 
bad With his first romantic-comedy, Daniel Radcliffe proves adept at delivering snappy dialogue and generating strong chemistry with his costars, so it's frustrating that the film is never remotely believable. 
very_bad While Radcliffe and Kazan do their best with this skimpy material, their back-and-forth banter is, like, super-annoying? 
fair Up until its cop-out denouement, What If manages to feel fresh even in spite of its well-worn elements. 
good This is a classic romantic comedy. Classic, by which I mean, quick-witted, and heartfelt. 
bad This movie could leave you with the kind of indigestion that comes from formula. 
bad Its plotting is predictable but Kazan and Radcliffe make a thoroughly engaging double act. 
bad 'What If' is 'When Harry Met Sally...' for the current generation. I guess you could call it 'When Harry Potter Met Zoe Kazan....' Has anyone used that yet? No? Good, then I'm stealing it. 
bad Scored to inevitable strummy folk-pop, the film keeps itself amusingly busy until Wall and Chan do what it is they are going to do. 
bad We're used to rom-coms that show off hot bodies (see Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in Friends With Benefits). With these two, it's their melancholy average-ness that make us go wow. 
fair Long before the script permits the characters to acknowledge the obvious, you lose patience: Jump into the deep end of the bed already. It would be more fun and friendly to all concerned, especially the audience. 
bad The whole thing is clearly trying much too hard, but in its earnest, sloppy way is impossible to hate, the way it's impossible to hate an ugly dog. 
good Smart, sweet, entirely predictable and completely engaging, What If is the kind of fairytale romantic comedy that sends you out with a big goofy smile on your face. 
good The dialogue is believable and funny, even if strays a little too often into the grotesque eating and toilet habits of the late Elvis Presley. 
very_bad There are some reasonable moments, and Kazan brings all her cherubic prettiness and vulnerability, but I can't help thinking it appeared to better effect in her own romantic fantasy, Ruby Sparks. 
bad None of it feels terribly authentic. 
bad A pleasant surprise. Radcliffe shines. 
bad The film's fine. 
bad The plot may be easy to fathom, but the undercurrents are astutely played by the actors as they're forced to confront some uncomfortable truths and, somehow, move on. 
bad For a kid who grew up in public and is worth an estimated 60 million, Daniel Radcliffe does a convincing job of playing a normal guy. 
terrible Radcliffe's fan club might get something out of this. But it had me pining for the grittier work of Lopez, Aniston and Diaz. 
good A light, unexpected delight. 
bad Formulaic, familiar and predictable, but also likable and well-cast, with enough verve to keep it out of the rom-com bargain bucket. 
bad Radcliffe and Kazan are appealing, even if their banter is a bit so-what. 
good What If is a winning diversion that punches well above its weight thanks to two well-cast leads and a terrific supporting turn from Driver. 
terrible Trifling and tedious, totally predictable rom-com - not even worth placing on your Netflix queue. 
bad Director Michael Dowse ("Take Me Home Tonight") can't quite decide on a tone -- sly, whimsical or wacky? -- but the problem is the material. 
good Ultimately, "What If" hinges on whether you care if Wallace and Chantry will hook up. The filmmakers do everything possible to ensure you do. 
good If you want a good gauge for how you will like What If, think about how you feel about (500) Days of Summer. 
bad "What If" is plenty charming in its way. 
bad Radcliffe and Kazan's crucible becomes trying to fully inhabit characters who talk past each other, never amounting to more than the sum of their snark. 
good Sweet but mature romcom about friends in love. 
bad There are a couple of terrific characters in What If, the sort around which you'd want to build a romantic comedy. But they're the best friends, not the protagonists. 
fair It feels familiar and the appeal of the leads can't fully compensate for unremarkable dialogue and the obligatory (but nevertheless irritating) "romantic complications" subplot. 
bad The two of them are good here, but theyire both capable of so much more. They elevate this mediocre material, but hereis hoping the pair meet again onscreen with characters and situations worthy of them. 
good In many ways, What If takes us down a road that When Harry Met Sally first traveled a quarter-century ago. Yet I didn't really mind revisiting the old friend vs. lover discussion, especially one with a contemporary slant and solid dialogue. 
very_good ... a poignant, sweet romance that will have you chuckling but that can bring tears to your eyes, highlighting Zoe Kazan, rapidly proving herself to be one of the finest actresses on the big screen. 
very_good What If doesn't break new ground. But it has charm to spare, and Radcliffe and Kazan are irresistible. No ifs about it. 
fair A glorified sitcom, with outbreaks of awkward slapstick complete with bodily injuries, in the mode of TV's "New Girl" with its constant riff-happy repartee but three times as long. 
bad Spall is likable, Kazan is adorable, Driver is amusing enough as the blowhard best friend, and Radcliffe as Wallace is . . . a passive-aggressive lump. 
good Even if the movie feels headed in a predictable direction, it's fun to follow it, and even if the characters sound a little interchangeable, it's still amusing to hear them speak. 
good It's Radcliffe and Kazan, clinking their takeout coffees (well, there's no clink in cardboard, is there?) and radiating soulful desire and distress, that make What If more than just an iffy affair. 
bad Chemistry is a tough thing to quantify but Kazan and Radcliffe definitely have it. 
very_good What If draws on all the best tropes of the romantic comedy genre and transcends the sum of its parts with a sharp script, pleasing direction and charming stars. 
good It's essentially a contemporary "When Harry Met Sally" played out with 20-somethings, and there's nothing terribly wrong with that. 
good What if is less conventional and more winning than most films in this category. 
fair If you can suspend your incredulity for a moment, "What If" has its bright moments. And that's thanks in large part to its leads, who manage to do what Radcliffe has always done well: conjure up a little magic. 
good Radcliffe is delightful, showcasing a sly, winning comedic style. Kazan's charms are a bit more twee (her character is also more undefined), but the warmth and energy between the two is undeniable. 
good Backed by a strong, well-chosen supporting cast, What If is smart enough to know how to use genre conventions without turning to cliches, and casts a gentle glow of warmth over all its characters. 
very_bad Dowse blankets his love story with heavy layers of cutesy quirkiness, but there's no denying its conventional and derivative soul. 
good An all-too rare creature: an American indie rom com that can be taken seriously and doesn't leave you wondering where all the real people are. 
good What if smart, talented people re-invigorated the rom-com with sass, sex, and sarcasm while still keeping the romance and raw emotion? With What if, that hypothetical question has a very real - and very good - answer. 
good Radcliffe, who has been flirting with adulthood in his recent screen outings, arrives as a wry, unconventionally handsome leading man. And Kazan is radiant. 
bad Why did the film's charms elude me? I felt arm-twisted by "What If," for all its tossed-off verbiage and wisecracking. 
good The success of a romcom all comes down to whether you have a stake in seeing the couple together at the end. I have not rooted for the happiness of fictional characters so hard this year. 
bad What If sings an old, familiar tune, but it does so with palpable enthusiasm and without missing a note. 
good As with Goon before it, director Michael Dowse's charmingly crude sensibilities elevate What If above the genre conventions it leans heavily on. 
terrible The movie is saturated with cute, teeming with cute, rancid with cute. I'd endured all a man could fairly be expected to take when I glanced at my watch and realized there were still 95 minutes to go. 
bad The more it tries to be smart, the more disappointing it is whenever it scampers back to rom-com convention. 
good Radcliffe proves he can handle the witticisms and warmth of a romantic comedy 
very_good For everyone still trying to make the perfect modern romantic comedy, What If comes the closest thanks to brilliant writing and a terrific cast at the top of their game. 
very_bad Right up to its simplistic ending, the film is pleased to regurgitate the contrived tropes of the genre without ever honestly addressing the ethics of romantic boundaries. 
good Some fresh insights and new slants on the pesky question: can a man and a woman be friends and not lovers? 
fair ...a decent romantic comedy that could (and should) have been so much better. 
good It has the same kind of young smart set speak that you hear all the time in Lena Dunham's Girls. 
good Best indie rom-com since 500 DAYS OF SUMMER. 
very_bad It's really hard to finish. It's liable to leave you queasy. 
good Elevated from an above-average romantic comedy to a movie worthy of being embraced by a generation of twenty somethings because it refuses to let its characters off the hook. 
bad The film has some genuine things to say about where you draw the line between loving someone and falling in love with someone 
good Too bad James Longley couldn't have broadcast this insightful documentary immediately after he shot it in 2003 and 2004. 
good Iraq in Fragments ... appears to be asking a simple, but often unmentioned, question: Oh yeah, what about the people of Iraq? 
fair The technique is more expressionistic than naturalistic, but it makes the film far more vivid and emotionally satisfying. 
good The film is terrific at providing a kaleidoscopic sense of life unfolding, with imaginative editing and colors that seem to leap off the screen. 
very_good Because [director] Longley uses a technique that forgoes interviews and voiceover commentary in favour of observation and revealing juxtapositions, his movie puts you both in the chaos and just above it. 
good [An] evocative, heartbreaking documentary told from three disparate but equally compelling perspectives: the Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds. 
very_good Stands up as a classic war documentary, in its unusual poetic form and by its extraordinary access to the lives of ordinary Iraqis. 
good Iraq in Fragments sometimes feels random, but it is a well-crafted, thoughtful study of the dueling divisiveness and hope that will define the region long after foreign troops leave. 
good We're used to seeing Iraq through the lens of washed-out digital video, so it's striking how sumptuous and elegantly-composed the shots are in "Iraq in Fragments." 
good James Longley's devastating documentary Iraq in Fragments has neither narration nor obvious political ax to grind, but it manages to tell us something about Iraq that we aren't getting or can't get from standard news coverage. 
very_good By turns tender and shocking, Iraq in Fragments strikes a rare balance between impromptu fluidity and feature-film narrative control, in the process resisting both partisanship and predigested points of view. 
very_good Director James Longley doesn't say anything new about the politics of Iraq, but he leaves us with a vivid impression of its people, its places and its seemingly irreconcilable contradictions. 
good The struggles [documentary filmmaker James Longley] recorded in his dazzling Iraq in Fragments aren't battlefield conflicts, but the personal, religious and political efforts of Iraqi citizens to reassemble their shattered lives. 
good In addition to the interesting camera work, the documentary's undeniable appeal comes in how close Longley gets to the characters, who are all male. They speak openly of the past, the U.S. forces, the uncertain future. 
very_good Longley is a strikingly effective director 
good There are embedded journalists in Iraq, and then there is "Iraq in Fragments" director James Longley. 
good Watch the evening news and you get a view of Iraq from high above the wreckage. In this fascinating doc, director James Longley shows us how things look on the ground. 
good In a series of stunningly filmed sequences, Longley and his camera seek out the real lives outside the frame of conventional TV news, and he succeeds in creating both compelling journalism and superb images. 
good What makes Iraq In Fragments so distinctive is its impressionistic and at times lyrical imagery. 
very_good A work of beauty as well as horror, Iraq In Fragments is one of the best of the many documentaries to come out of that ruined country. It's powerful, enlightening and necessarily depressing. 
bad Shot over three years, this is one of the more considered and insightful Iraqi documentaries - although some may find its stylistic contrasts a little self-conscious and distracting. 
very_good Longley's access to public and private developments in the wake of the U.S. invasion of Iraq is often stunning. 
best Longley's journalistic discipline is as impressive as his artistic eye: He's content to show, not tell. 
good Although the film doesn't make any earth-shattering discoveries, it at least attempts to put a face on an 'enemy' that few Americans have considered. 
very_good A heartbreaking assessment of Iraq's reconstruction from the point-of-view of its intended beneficiaries. 
best Iraq in Fragments opens a window on the world of the war's casualties in a narrative triptych that's profoundly haunting and often ravishing. 
good ... this one demands to be seen. 
best [Director] Longely's real strength lies in his ability to draw from the observances of children. 
good [Director] Longley shows a poetic, almost elegiacal artistry. After two years, he might not understand the Iraqi people fully, but they have won his heart and mind. 
good Visually arresting and deeply disheartening, James Longley's impressionistic documentary explores the pain of a shattered country by homing in on a few tiny shards. 
good The imagery is poetic and beautiful at times. Meanwhile, the haunting legacy of the documentary is that people still are being pulled apart by religious differences and ethnicity. 
good James Longley's Iraq in Fragments is a visually stunning documentary that looks at that country through the eyes of its own people -- a novel enough approach at a time when everyone else has had their say. 
good Told in tones both wondrous and horrible. 
very_good Of all the documentaries to come out of the current war, Iraq in Fragments is the least violent and perhaps the most disquieting. 
very_good A remarkable example of the conjunction of a burningly topical and newsworthy subject with a brilliant filmmaker. 
fair People talk about the country being split into pieces, but there's not much shown to articulate how, when or why that is the case. 
fair The film is unusual among Iraq documentaries for its impressionistic, frequently gorgeous cinematography and for its structure: It's split into thirds, one about a Sunni (the boy), one about a Shiite mob, and one about the quiet Kurds up north. 
very_good James Longley's haunting, oblique film, Iraq in Fragments, presents a collage of images, sounds and characters in an intimate, partial portrait of an unraveling nation. 
bad Much of what is captured will be familiar for viewers of Frontline or other recent documentaries. 
good Style comes occasionally close to taking precedence over its heartfelt humanistic intentions, yet the film's deep respect for human resilience and hope ultimately renders cynical accusations of touristy condescension moot. 
bad An engrossing award-winning documentary about the chaotic and bloody situation in Iraq as seen through the eyes of Sunnis, Shiites, and Kurds. 
best Raw and powerful. 
best A visually startling, patiently observed and deeply humanist film. 
bad While we have much to admire here, there is no way around it: Exit 67 is a thumpingly dull, pulp-free meditation on gangsta movies that comes with way too much earnest, self-conscious chatter. 
bad Tense, twisting crime docu is deeply disturbing. 
best Know as little going in as possible. The film's tragedy predates Facebook and Twitter, but the rapid-fire way in which its memorials are edited and the scope of those offering them feels like social-network expression of grief - fast, immediate, unifying. 
best A powerful home movie about real-world evil and good 
fair Filmmaker Kurt Kuenne set out to make a memorial about his best friend, Dr. Andrew Bagby, with the intention of giving the tribute to Dr. Bagby's son, Zachary, so the boy--unborn at the time of Dr. Bagby's brutal murder, would know about the father whom h 
very_good The most ambitious work of its kind. 
best Emocionalmente exaustivo. Nao, mais: devastador. Profundamente devastador. 
very_good After it's through, a lot will have been said about friendship, injustice, and both faith in and letdown from the legal system, along with the intriguing thought that moral fortitude provides both its own punishments and rewards. 
bad A documentary that never should have been made, this film is maudlin tabloid journalism thrown onto the screen. All we get in the end is a cry for revenge. 
good Long after the credits roll one will be rendered both empty and lifted by a bewildered family's sudden forbidden journey into the abyss of emotional darkness. 
best Just take our advice and bring tissues. You're going to need them. 
best The phrase labor of love is so often tossed about, but Kurt Kuenne's emotionally wrenching documentary is absolutely that. 
fair A sincere heartfelt documentary about life, death and murder. 
good a documentary of wrenching pathos 
very_good While it truly is a sad tale of friendship and loss, it is far more unexpected, anguished and absolutely sincere. You may see it coming, but you will feel the emotional impact that will haunt you for days. 
best This is one of the most emotionally transparent films ever made, and its gallery of heroes and villains trumps most of what you'll see in a multiplex this year. 
best Raw, powerful, haunting, and unforgettable. 
fair An undeniably shattering story, if forgivably shaky in its impassioned, therapeutic unfolding. 
very_good Kuenne uses ingenious montages and judicious pacing tactics to drive through reams of evidence, legal codes and other data that, in most documentaries, would leave viewers' eyes glazed over. 
good This is a North American tragedy not of epic proportion, but of a deeply personal one. 
good Flaws aside, Dear Zachary is an impressive piece of work that easily ranks as one of the year's best documentaries. 
good A four-handkerchief documentary if there ever was one. 
good It is impossible not to be fired up by Kurt Kuenne's incendiary cri de coeur, Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father. 
good Dear Zachary will break your heart -- but don't even consider missing it. 
very_good Anyone who does not cry during Dear Zachary: A Letter To A Son About His Father is inhuman. 
very_good One of the most powerful and moving films this year, a personal film that perfectly captures the feelings of anger and loss that accompany a loved one's untimely death. 
good Dear Zachary's emotional intimacy is its greatest strength, and enough to get it through sections that seem more manipulative than meaningful. 
good One can hardly watch what an unimaginable breakdown of Canadian law enforcement and protection of the young cost in loss and sorrow as the tale turns almost too painful to bear. 
best Dear Zachary is not just Oscar-worthy material, but Oscar-requisite. If the Academy's documentary branch can't find a way to nominate this film (and then promptly reward it) then there's more than one corruption of justice that needs to be investigated. 
best Prepare to be equally angry and emotionally drained as you watch real, so-called justice in action. This film will be one of the best you're likely to see this year. 
fair It's not Sundance without Joe Swanberg, and this is one of his best. 
good Some have complained that nothing really happens in "Digging for Fire," and there are no obvious stakes. Well, yeah. But just like that hill full of bones, it's what's going on under the surface that matters. 
bad The Seinfeld of this year's Sundance, basically a movie with a lot of talking about nothing. 
very_bad Too violent to be taken seriously and too serious to be any fun. 
bad There are a lot of actors you expect to see headlining action films. Sean Penn is not one of them. Yet here he is proving beyond any sensible question that he can roll, run shoot, stab and bleed with the best of them. 
bad Part of the problem is the script's determination to drag some of Spain's most scenic spots into the action whether or not they suit the mood. 
bad Really, it's all about engaging in that ancient action movie pleasure of watching a well-trained killer fight for his life and save his woman. 
bad If you want a thriller about architecture, here is your thing. Gaudi with Guns, they could have called it. 
bad Ultimately too absurd to take seriously and too serious to enjoy as a popcorn flick. If its target is being surprisingly dull, it's a bullseye. 
terrible An almost astonishing dull and misguided thriller... 
fair In his latest film, The Gunman, Morel tones down the action in favor of a more thoughtful and mature exploration of violence and its consequences. It also reinforces that Sean Penn still has the best scream/cry in the business. 
terrible Action at its most tedious. 
very_bad It's just another tourist salad bar of stale, limp man-on-the-run cliches with chases, hand-to-hand-combat, gunfire, and an hilariously pretentious sequence set during a bullfight. 
bad It's a gritty, generic 'guy' thing from the get-go. 
very_bad An ill fit for Sean Penn on any front - too tight to let his action-hero experimentation breathe and too loose for his geopolitical ire to take hold. In the areas of art and altruism, it plays like something Penn probably loathes: voluntourism. 
very_bad A novel by Jean-Patrick Manchette provides the source material, but the only real "auteur" here is Morel, for whom this is very much more of the same. 
bad ... some decent shootouts and hand-to-hand combat but the writing mostly stinks, allowing for gaping narrative holes and more improv rants by Bardem ... Penn seems less enigmatic than just plain bored. 
bad It's Rambo tailored to Penn's humanitarian interests. 
terrible The Gunman feels like Sean Penn's belated audition for The Expendables franchise. The audience would have collectively hurled in unison if Penn showed off his shirtless, compact, overly beefy physique one more time. 
very_bad By attempting to parachute in weighty geopolitical themes to a successful action formula, the film sinks, leaving little to savour. 
very_bad Sean Penn, an actor you can't take your eyes off when he's on screen , is not the problem with The Gunman. Neither is its terrific , if underused , cast. This attempt to turn Penn into a late-blooming action star is just too convoluted. 
fair I enjoyed this more than I expected I would, mainly because of the cast and because I was pleasantly surprised that the movie was not just a derivative Taken knock-off. 
very_bad By the time we get to the laughable climax the film has lost any pulse it had, and "The Gunman" ends up being a major let-down. 
very_bad It misleads audiences hoping for a girtty action thriller and ends up being a huge disappointment. 
very_bad Those hoping for the next Taken will be disappointed by the slow-burn character piece that is The Gunman. 
very_bad Playing an assassin trying to atone for his past sins, Penn (who also gets a screenwriter credit alongside Pete Travis) strains to layer this standard thriller with social conscience. 
very_bad This isn't so much a film in which every ageing male fantasist can invest as a film that works as an allegory for the state of Penn's career alone. A specialised taste, I suspect. 
very_bad While it's an admirable attempt at a more grown-up type of entertainment, the movie winds up feeling rather leaden. 
fair A dark European thriller like "The Gunman" usually requires a star who exudes cool detachment, not a firebrand like Sean Penn, who gamely proceeds in spite of the obvious miscasting. 
terrible ...serious overacting by Penn...filled with hackneyed scenes...Winstone's accent so deep subtitles are needed...a nonsensical story. 
terrible The Gunman degenerates into dreary setups for guns and gore. Penn merits more. So do we. 
terrible Sean Penn tries to better Liam Neeson in the middle-aged ass-kicker action film genre, and fails miserably. 
bad Apparently, if you're a veteran Hollywood actor, you get your AARP card at 50 and your action movie franchise at 55. 
good The actors are good and the action is thrilling. And if the film isn't quite as seriously political as I'm guessing Penn told himself it was, it's definitely an offbeat change of pace for us. 
terrible Like a queasy blend of Still Alice and The Bourne Identity. 
very_bad The film's real fault is its 'hero', a glum, sour-faced sociopath who it's almost impossible to root for. 
bad Obviousness prevails. 
bad The kind of throughly anonymous and undistinguished film that barely would have passed muster as a mid-2000s DTV project top-lining a third-tier TV star. 
bad It devolves into a mess of worn plot lines. If Morel wanted to give Penn's career new life as a world-weary action hero, he missed his target. 
very_bad With this effort, Penn is way off the mark. 
very_bad The Gunman is a wild misfire. 
bad Penn is dour and not the least bit heroic in this movie. He survives the action sequences but neither they nor his participation in them gets the blood pumping. 
very_bad Penn's gym-bunny loveliness is the most attractively toned part of the film. Everything else is out of condition. 
very_bad Sean Penn has spent a lot of time in the gym lately. We know this because, well, it's hard to ignore when a 54-year-old man grimly grabs every opportunity to shed his shirt. 
very_bad The Gunman is a pretty dumb movie in smart package. 
very_bad The movie's veiled indictment of multinational corporate interests that generate unrest in Third World nations for their own financial gain also falls somewhat flat, taking a back seat to the shoot-'em-up histrionics. 
fair While it has its fair share of white-knuckle moments, The Gunman gets bogged down by uneven storytelling and a mostly wasted cast. 
very_bad A plot that makes no sense, characters that are barely there, and a denouement that is an insult to everybody's intelligence, all combine to make Penn's action-man debut fire blanks. 
very_bad Too portentous to work as an action-hero romp, and far too sweaty and derivative to have any kind of political or satirical kick, the movie misses almost every target at which it aims. 
bad If the film's intent is to condition the audience into a distaste for violence through boredom, it succeeds. 
bad This is a stupid movie about a muscular superman beating and shooting the living hell out of all those who would cross him. It's not an apologia for continental destruction. 
bad Whatever else we might think of Sean Penn's bid for an active middle age via The Gunman, we can't doubt his enthusiasm. 
very_bad Imagine The Constant Gardener crunched back and forth through Google Translate in several Bantu languages, then fished out of a swamp with pages missing. 
bad Director Pierre Morel is the real hero here, supercharging the genre material with touches of brilliance. 
bad The movie doesn't quite approach a level of irresponsibility, but its all-around lack of responsibility is off-putting. 
very_bad The only redeeming feature about The Gunman is its exotic locations. 
bad Penn and his fellow actors are fine at conversation, but there are more dialogue-driven subplots here than a movie full of bullets and land mines requires. 
very_bad Bardem appears almost bored playing second fiddle to Penn's mirthless, unapproachable, irritating assassin. Trinca has so little material to work with that her pleasant demeanor can't hold the screen for the brief time she's been allowed. 
fair Jim is a former bad guy himself, which lends an extra layer of moral ambiguity to the action; not enough to qualify as profundity, but at least it's something more to think about than the snazzy sports car he manages to pick up while on the run. 
very_bad "The Gunman" is a predictable slog through action-movie tropes, and Penn's intensity isn't a good fit. 
fair A well-executed thriller that leaves us stirred but not shaken. 
bad There's a grubby, redemptive quality that makes this tough-minded flick feel like the son of "Serpico" and "Salvador." 
terrible "The Gunman" may start as a genre exercise of promising purpose, but it winds up being just a lot of bull. 
bad It's a tasty cast, but the script does not do its job in crucial areas, letting the audience get way, way out ahead of the reveals. 
good It succeeds, partly because the moral climate it presents seems so confused, but mainly because of Penn's particular aura of irascible integrity. 
terrible The result is a relentlessly dour film livened up only by Bardem's shameless scenery-chewing and the occasional jolt of action. 
bad Penn remains a furiously committed method actor, even in a paycheck role such as this one. But he's not enough to prevent the film from becoming the same-old. 
terrible With Morel at the helm this was never going to be more than a dumb shoot 'em up and...well, dumb it certainly is. 
bad While Sean Penn lends this thriller some political subtext, the fact remains that it's actually just another vacuous revenge fantasy from Taken director Pierre More... 
very_bad Almost everything about The Gunman is by-the-numbers, which is fine, but it doesn't even tell a familiar story particularly well. 
fair Yes, there are plot holes aplenty, but the action is tautly staged by Morel and that makes "The Gunman" a satisfactory time-passer. 
very_bad A lightweight thriller posing as a heavy political drama, or vice-versa. Not thoughtful and no fun. 
very_bad May it enjoy its second life as a lazy Sunday TV dad movie. 
very_bad The Gunman is beautiful on the outside but ugly on the inside. 
bad Surprising how much this well-shot disappointment runs from the situation it introduces in order to make sure the white guy gets to the bottom of his own problem. 
bad Too portentous to really entertain, even in spite of itself. 
terrible This is a dull and convoluted mess that takes too long to get going, and unfortunately keeps going and going and going until the silly finale. 
terrible Unfortunately, nobody ever won an Oscar for washboard abs. And nobody is going to win five seconds of admiration for 115 minutes of tedium in The Gunman. 
very_bad The Gunman lacks the all-killer, no-filler efficiency of [Pierre Morel's] biggest success, Taken. 
very_bad Watching Penn pump iron and denounce capitalism for two hours would be roughly as illuminating as this monotonous Euro-thriller. 
very_bad Is it a serious political film tackling the plight of central Africa or a silly blast 'em up that's all about cheap thrills? 
bad Generic. Preachy. Predictable. But watchable. 
bad This is a watchable thriller with enough all-action set pieces to carry you along, particularly a lengthy sequence in the Barcelona bullring. 
very_bad Too often feels like just another slice of brainless Eurotrash, packed with saw-it-coming plot twists, half-hearted car chases and an angsty hero with zero charisma. 
bad A Sean Penn vehicle affording the surprisingly-buff (if long in the tooth) matinee idol ample opportunities to put his pecs on display in high-impact fight sequences as well as lingering love scenes. 
very_bad A genuine disappointment, given the talent involved, and a rare misstep for Penn, who can't save this moribund vanity project. 
bad For a film with such a thinly worked conspiracy, The Gunman is inexplicably hard to follow, relying on lack of clarity to disguise by-the-numbers plotting. Still, if you're in the market for some well-wrought mayhem, you could certainly do a lot worse. 
very_bad It's crass, clumsy and sometimes shockingly bad. 
very_bad The lack of any visual ingenuity, reflexivity, or awareness of genre tropes diminishes the intermittent pleasures of the action's slightly involving kineticism. 
very_bad The Gunman is nothing more than Sean Penn's mid-life crisis vanity project, and it isn't worth the price of admission. 
bad Considering the level of talent involved, one would and should expect better. 
very_bad has so much potential but winds up being instantly disposable thanks to some truly bizarre artistic choices that are bound to alienate about 90% of the audience 
good Ultimately, Experimenter finds a glimmer of hope by simply revealing itself. Maybe if more people are educated about the dangers of obedience, they'll put up more resistance. It can't hurt to hope. 
best great products of animation 
very_bad Only Sandra Bullock shines as Harper Lee. 
good Poor Toby Jones. In any other year, his work as Truman Capote would be in immediate awards contention. 
good Why not accept Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee? As it turns out, she's quietly terrific. Most of the supporting actors are. 
bad Infamous doesn't feel like a remake. While it covers the same ground, the pitch is completely different. Where Capote was cool, distant and even antiseptic, Infamous is warmer and more emotionally fulfilling. 
very_bad Una aproximacion mas bien superficial y declamatoria a Truman Capote y su investigacion previa a A Sangre Fria. En comparacion, la version de 2005 sale mucho mejor parada. 
bad To recreate the gossipy Manhattan arena that Capote navigated with such ease and documented with such malice, you need dialogue that rings like scatter-shot and the film's script, written by its director Douglas McGrath, doesn't have it. 
very_bad Revela-se nao somente desonesto, como decepcionantemente repulsivo. 
fair For this film, it's the little pleasures---such as scenes of Capote writing and pages from legal pads stacked in rows---rather than the overall feeling and being engaged by it the entire time, which is a bit hard to do. 
fair Suffers from the recent and lingering memory of the superior Capote. 
fair ...more direct, perhaps more revealing, and certainly more graphic than the earlier Capote film. 
good Toby Jones defies the odds with an extraordinary impersonation of the author in Douglas McGrath's Infamous. 
bad British actor Toby Jones plays Capote and certainly looks the part -- more so than Hoffman. It's a very good performance and Jones deserves his time in the spotlight. 
bad On its own terms, this is an elegant, stimulating homage to a singular talent. Compared to Capote, though, it can't help but feel wanting. 
bad A strange one this - Capote is a superior picture but Toby Jones is the superior Capote. 
good While less beguiling than Capote, Infamous remains a soulful and searching portrayal of the writer, carried with immense charm and vivacity by its leading man. 
good Tugs at the heartstrings, chills to the bone. 
very_good Last year, in my review of "Capote," I boldly declared that Philip Seymour Hoffman would win the Oscar. He did. I'm not going to make that same claim for Jones...Instead I'll keep my fingers crossed that come nomination day Jones' name is called. 
good This movie is full of subtle little gems that seem so small and mean so much and they all add up to one powerful film that shouldn't be missed. 
bad It its another 'Truman' show you want, Infamous certainly will fill you up. 
very_good About a hundred times better than its famous predecessor. 
very_good ...a good enough movie rendered utterly superfluous by last year's Capote. 
fair Infamous successfully captures a sense of the loneliness of a writer's life. 
good Impressively made, brilliantly acted and superbly written, this covers the same ground as Capote but comes at the story from a slightly different angle. 
fair Infamous' powerhouse casting doesn't add much, since most of the big names -- Sigourney Weaver, Gwyneth Paltrow, Isabella Rossellini, Hope Davis, Juliet Stevenson, and director Peter Bogdanovich -- serve as little more than window dressing. 
bad The film is as strangely unfocused as its title is. Several of the artistic decisions weaken the film. A good performance by Daniel Craig is perhaps the film's major asset. 
very_good Infamous is a thoughtful, emotional and oftentimes hysterical re-telling of Truman Capote's life-altering experience in Kansas. It might actually be better than that other Capote movie. 
fair Tru or false: Toby Jones' letter-perfect performance as Truman Capote is better than Philip Seymour Hoffman's Oscar-winning turn in Capote. All things being equal, I'd vote for Jones, despite what has to be considered a case of bloody bad timing. 
good Coupled with "Capote," "Infamous" offers a unique opportunity to see the same background story interpreted by two disparate filmmakers. 
fair As ambitious as it is, Infamous falters in execution too often to create a lasting impression. 
fair Infamous actually fixes what I didn't like about Capote, yet goes in a direction different from the one I did like in the other film. 
best Jones, a little-known character actor taking a major leap in name recognition with one of the finest performances of the year, could easily make it back-to-back Oscar nominations for Capote as a character. 
fair Toby Jones offers an impressive and believable performance as Capote, one that reflects more of the real author in all his flamboyance. 
good A bristly, jazzy tone and a perceptive script that plays on the characters' flamboyance. 
good Just as good as the other version. 
bad In the most serious scenes..., Jones' mincing mannerisms are a distraction. 
good With a bit more discipline, McGrath's wide-ranging film would be the equal of its more straightforward, older brother, but Infamous' many charms deserve their own moment in the sun. 
very_good A career-defining role for (Toby) Jones, one that will wither beneath the shadow of Philip Seymour Hoffman's Oscar-winning turn. 
good Both [films] feature a cast of characters who are truly stranger than fiction and raise questions about the packaging of real-life events that resonate more powerfully than ever in the infotainment age. 
good It's a stellar cast, but you can't help but lament the bad timing. 
fair No matter how noble the competitor, coming in second in a contest always feels like a lesser effort. 
good Infamous is quietly stolen by Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee. 
good [With Hoffman], it was easy to see Capote as someone truly extraordinary, perhaps a genius. Toby Jones... doesn't have that quality, though he does offer something almost as good: Watching him it's easy to believe he's really Truman Capote. 
very_good In this truth game, Capote is an ace and Infamous is a compelling queen, both in play for high stakes with In Cold Blood and Richard Brooks' scary 1967 film of it. 
fair Bullock offers impressive, restrained support that gives the sometimes flighty film a necessary emotional anchor. 
best Capote received many accolades; Infamous deserves many more. 
bad Infamous covers just enough new ground to be interesting, but it will always suffer by comparison. 
fair Even judged on its own, though, McGrath's movie feels slightly misjudged. 
very_good Jones wears the title role so well that you simply forget he's acting, which wasn't true of Philip Seymour Hoffman last year when he gave a performance that deserved its Oscar. If Jones fails to pick up an Oscar nomination, he should pitch a hissy. 
good British actor Toby Jones is so physically right in the role, you'll think Capote is playing himself. 
best It's a movie that deserves to be considered not just in comparison to the excellent "Capote," but on its own merits, which are substantial. 
good [It] makes for a warmer movie about stone-cold killers and the sometimes icy realms of the upper crust. So does Sandra Bullock's more active, sometimes contentious portrayal of Harper Lee. 
good Whatever minor quibbles one may have with this film, there is no getting around the excellence of Jones' performance. It's flabbergasting. 
good Q: Did we need two Truman Capote movies? A: Yes. Actually, we probably need more. 
fair Unlike its coolly detached brother, Infamous is right in your face, as amusing in flashes, and annoying for stretches, as any shallow little tyke. 
good McGrath focuses on Capote's own divided soul, where massive insecurity co-exists with great courage. 
good Infamous is one of the funniest sad movies in recent memory. 
fair In the end, Infamous turns out to be the third-best movie built around the murders of the Clutter family of Holcomb, Kan., in 1959. 
bad Ultimately, as a cautionary tale about fictionalized journalism, it's a clear case of the pot calling the kettle black. 
good Rarely do battling productions -- these two were shot mere months apart -- result in equally valid films, but that's the case here. 
fair Resembles a Vanity Fair version of 'Hollywood Squares,' with the mincing Toby Jones doing his best Paul Lynde in the center square role of Capote. 
bad Not since Valmont followed on the heels of Dangerous Liaisons has there been such a fascinating compare/contrast double feature. 
very_good Both films can and should be valued equally. 
fair the folks with Capote got their movie out there first, while everyone associated with Infamous spends a lifetime shaking like Mel Gibson getting the DT's in rehab every time the comparisons start. 
very_bad The picture gives off a tone of arch stylization that plays as artificial, overwrought and off-putting. 
bad Should have come first for it would have been a perfect example for screenwriting students to see the difference between a first draft and a finished product. 
very_good We see Capote's charm in Infamous, which is a witty, heartfelt attempt to understand his contradictions rather than a condemnation of them. 
good Too broad to be a truly great film, but it does cheerily give lie to the assumption that the limits of Capote meant there was no reason to rehash this same story. 
good Bullock's warm, wise and penetrating presence as the To Kill a Mockingbird author -- Capote childhood friend, assistant and conscience -- is the soul of McGrath's sumptuously art-directed (by Judy Becker) and scored (by Rachel Portman) film. 
bad Infamous isn't able to convey the great sense of guilt and responsibility Capote wrestled with -- he needed a man who trusted him to die in order to finish his book -- becoming instead a more superficial and pedestrian tale of doomed love. 
bad Writer-director Douglas McGrath can't decide whether to maintain a comic or tragic tone and falls on his face halfway between them. 
fair I walked out of Infamous and across the street into a bookstore, where I purchased both Plimpton's book and Gerald Clarke's biography, which served as the basis for Capote. Clearly, the fascination has not yet been quelled. 
very_good A freewheeling, effervescent and unpredictable take on a now-predictable story, Infamous not only trumps Miller's film as a mood piece but generates plenty of oddball humor and superb period detail to make it one of the year's best movies. 
good Far from vanishing in its predecessor's wake, Infamous demonstrates how a potent story can inspire distinctly different interpretations. 
fair While Infamous does suffer in comparison [to Capote], any real complaints end there. 
bad If the cogs of the movie-making machine are going to keep turning out the exact same movie, why do I have to write up a whole new review? 
good Toby Jones, the British actor with the impossible task of following an Oscar winner, gives a stellar, idiosyncratic performance as Capote. 
fair It's a literate and meticulously argued film in its own right, but one that would be best appreciated by those who missed the first one. 
good There is no reason to choose between Bennett Miller's Capote, which came out almost exactly a year ago, and Douglas McGrath's Infamous, which opens today... Both stand out above the biopic pack. 
good Whereas Capote was cold and atmospheric and almost surgical in its storytelling, Infamous is told in a more accessible and emotionally gratifying manner. 
fair By the end ... Infamous more or less finds itself, after trying a little bit of everything. 
terrible Enough, already! How many more times are we going to have to see this story onscreen? Each time it gets worse, and this is so bad it makes 118 minutes seem like 118 hours. 
good Should not be blamed for unfortunate timing but commended for looking at the subject in a different, deeper way. 
good Toby Jones is quite good as Truman, even if he doesn't provide as many psychological shadings to his portrayal as Philip Seymour Hoffman did in his Oscar-winning turn. 
bad ...the lip-lock between Jones and Craig is the movie's kiss of death. 
fair If you ever wondered what Capote might be like as a comedy ... offers another entertaining side to the same story. 
bad Toby Jones's Capote is never anything more than a silly buffoon, who doesn't appear to have a brain in his head. His Capote appears incapable of any literary accomplishment. 
good Capote was at times cool and antiseptic, but Infamous is warmer and more emotionally satisfying. 
very_good Cunningly emphasizes the vast distinction between the idle rich and the drama's plainspoken wounded. 
very_good Infamous is a film about flashy facades and what lies beneath them. 
fair Jones looks more like the small, impish Capote than Hoffman does -- he has the nasal whine down pat -- but his performance fails to cut as deep into the complexities of the man. Neither does the movie. 
bad The film stretches plausibility. 
bad It depicts what is surely the first recorded instance of the game "Strip Monopoly" and would later inspire Wet Hot American Summer, and we should all be grateful for that. 
terrible Beware of this infamous, sadistic slasher film. 
bad It hasn't aged well; its nonstyle renders it pretty sedate these days. 
fair What makes the movie work is that the slasher genre hadn't been set in stone yet, and some choices that director Sean S. Cunningham makes in the film that work against type. 
good a campfire boogeyman story designed to do little more than build tension and deliver a few well-timed shocks, which it does with precision and even a bit of artistry 
fair How do you sum up a movie that's really quite awful yet helped define a filmmaking era? 
fair Whether you want to credit or blame Friday the 13th for its role in influencing modern cineplex cinema is a matter of taste. [Blu-ray] 
very_bad ...a woefully bad slasher flick, complete with an inept cast (including Kevin Bacon in uncomfortably tight shorts); laborious pacing; and an interminable catfight climax. 
bad Friday the 13th set the tone for the modern slasher flick. So you know which film to blame for all those lousy horror films. 
bad You really have to wonder what exactly made the Friday the 13th series so wildly successful. 
bad ...perhaps more than any other film, it helped to popularize the slasher genre and codify the formula. 
fair A skillful, if by-the-numbers, horror pic. 
very_good A classic Bacon 
very_bad It may be one of the most famous, but it's certainly not an original on which others are based. 
terrible Makes not the slightest attempt to hide the outright theft of every one of its ideas from much better films. 
good Pure slasher goodness! 
bad Classic but forgettable teen-camp slasher 
bad Suprisingly scary and atmospheric, especially compared to its garish sequels 
bad It's a classic, for sure, just an awfully cheesy one. 
bad It started it all, but it's not really a part of the series being more a whodunit, even if by now we all know who it was. 
bad ...uneven... 
bad Decent slasher flick, albeit undeserving of the 10 sequels it spawned. 
good Long before Jason, and the endless machinations of dumb sequels, Friday the 13th represented the purest form of terror. 
terrible A franchise with such longevity implies that there was a good movie at the start of it all. Not this time. 
terrible A dreadful piece of trash. 
very_good The slasher king. 
bad A hugely influential film that contributed to the 1980s horror boom. 
best There's a hollow cracking sound as the killer's identity is divulged. It's your jaw hitting the floor. 
very_bad although not offensively bad, there is little to recommend this knockabout comedy. 
bad "The Last Godfather" is more harmlessly amiable than outright awful, though it might still be best to just forget about it. 
best Companheiro tematico do excelente Shadow Company, o filme expoe de forma articulada a ganancia pavorosa das grandes corporacoes, que nao hesitam em sacrificar vidas e roubar o povo norte-americano com a cumplicidade do proprio governo. 
good Sure, it won't be seen by the people most in need of seeing it, but it might just energize others into moving away from apathy born of a sense of helplessness. 
bad As a film, it has its share of problems, but as rabble rousing, it's a first rate rallying cry. 
good Greenwald is skillful enough to spark a fresh sense of outrage. 
fair there's an undeniable rage at work here which one has to hope would influence somebody of importance somewhere. There's always hope. 
very_good ... crucial to fully understanding the Iraqi/American enterprise. 
good ... Iraq for Sale has an us-versus-them sensibility that's extremely effective. 
fair Whatever you might think about the centrality of the profit motive to our society, what's going on in Iraq is going to give you pause. 
good Iraq for Sale is one film with an agenda that maybe everybody can get behind. 
fair Iraq for Sale isn't balanced or objective. It carries the torch for the families of civilians who died while driving unprotected trucks on unsafe routes. 
bad Deftly strips away the phoniness of a big-budget studio production. 
very_bad It's watchable but absolutely no big deal, although you wouldn't know that from the drum-heavy score, so loud and militaristic that someone could reuse it for a documentary about the Battle of the Bulge. 
good Like a bullet train, the French thriller "The Prey" is a model of breathless efficiency, its stuffed cargo of chases, brawls and twists delivered with admirable speed. 
fair [A] sharp if dramatically underwhelming French thriller ... 
fair It's no insult to say that it doesn't aspire to art-house significance, just to white-knuckled entertainment. 
fair Loopy, dumb, and entertaining ... 
good A slick, suspenseful adrenalin rush disguised as unexpected, nerve-wracking fun. 
bad The closer we get to a climax (and the more that absurd reversals keep getting piled on), the less effective Dupontel's brutish charisma is in keeping things interesting and afloat. 
good A trim and exciting beach-read of a movie. 
very_bad Sweeping landscape shots and the reliable presence of Sergi Lopez, here playing a scarred private investigator, can't distract from the cliches of a particularly dim-witted script. 
very_bad A rough diamond con on the trail of a serial killer can't outrun this French thriller's weight of familiarity. 
very_bad Fast and furious, but also dull and derivative. 
very_bad A film that might, in America, star Jason Statham or even Steven Seagal. 
good A truly dazzling achievement, even measured against Tsui's own considerable accomplishments... 
good Beautiful Hong Kong movie. Wonderful story about the technological invasion, and outstanding fight scenes. 
good Brilliant commentary elevates entertaining Hong Kong action flick to must-see status. 
best Not perfect in an objective critical sense, but it's a masterpiece of the genre. 
bad Successfully pays homage to ancient tradition and history by making it entertaining and interesting to non-Chinese audiences. 
very_good Tsui's camera lurches, pinwheels and whirligigs all over the place to catch every move perfectly. 
very_bad The editing here is far from good, and the continuity is constantly thrown off from one shot to the next; we're talking about different positioning of objects, object-size changes, characters disappearing and re-appearing. 
fair The fight scenes are the main attraction, of course, and the film delivers the goods again and again. 
best Raises the bar for a genre often thought of as meaningless dribble, showing that a Kung Fu movie can be more than just spectacular fight sequences. 
good A guaranteed favourite for martial arts fans. 
very_good A tumultuous riot of inspired filmmaking. 
very_good For those of us who love Hammer horror, this is an unmarred example of all the reasons why. 
very_bad Perhaps the most deadly dull in a series that had run out of steam. 
very_good One of the finest of the seven entries in Hammer's Frankenstein cycle. 
fair One of the 1980s' most distinctive and important horror movies. 
good Hooper's direction may lack its usual edgy personality -- apparently over-ruled by Spielberg's script suggestions -- but he puts on a dazzling show, and the intuitive performances are uniformly on the panic button. 
very_good "Poltergeist" is a lot more dedicated to its cause than most viewers today are probably used to. It builds to something of value. That may not make it the most profound film of its genre by any stretch, but it does make it one of the most memorable. 
very_good A frightening, supernatural horror film that defined a generation. 
best One of the all-time great haunted house movies. 
good ...a compelling and consistently creepy piece of work... 
good Spielberg clockwork: great suburbs, great special effects, great abuse of an expositive score, great overuse of the slow push-in, great hot mom, great irrelevant dad, great plucky little kids. 
fair Think of it more as a fun-ride than a horror movie. 
good Twenty-five years on, the film is still looking remarkably good %u2013 and, I'm betting sales of clown dolls have never quite recovered. 
very_good After a quarter-century, Poltergeist remains one of the most popular movies whose reputation rests almost exclusively on behind-the-scenes diversions. 
very_good So darn good it makes me wish Spielberg hadn't given up on the horror genre. 
good A surprisingly yet successfully restrained lesson in how to haunt a house. 
bad A vapid, silly horror movie with occasional moments of promise that ultimately fails due to an overdose of cuteness. 
best Pull your face off and wallow in the creepy goodness. 
good Hooper's skill with gore combined with Spielberg's ability to sanitize anything into family-friendliness makes Poltergeist a smash horror hit -- and it's rated PG. 
best A classic horror film that still thrills. 
good Hooper and Spielberg hold our interest by observing the everyday rituals of this family so closely that, since the family seems real, the weird events take on a certain credibility by association. 
bad Good 1980s horror. 
bad Repeat viewings are best spread out over time and the film's internal logic doesn't entirely hold up, but if you just accept the action for the rollercoaster ride it is, it can be fairly satisfying 
good One of the best horror flicks ever...bar none 
very_bad The cold-hand of Spielberg lies on every frame. 
good Still scary - a classic! 
good Poltergeist works -- and works extraordinarily well -- because it shows us the horrors of beyond coming to haunt us not in a moldering house on a hill or a grimy dungeon but rather in a gleaming, modern, comfortable suburban housing development. 
good Spielberg said this was a product of his nightmares. The first time I saw it I was 12. Ever since, Spielberg's nigtmares have been my own. A horror classic. 
bad This is a film that tends to annoy, as if it had been more taut and consistent, it could have been far more exciting. 
very_good [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink. 
fair Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination. 
best With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism. 
good This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it. 
best Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get. 
very_good Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture. 
very_good This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films. 
good The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature. 
best Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film. 
best Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss. 
good It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection. 
very_good A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination. 
good Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence. 
very_good Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome... 
best All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge. 
best This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result. 
very_good Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans. 
fair Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters. 
very_good An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made. 
best As beautiful as it is poignant. 
very_good A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation. 
very_good The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time. 
good The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating. 
very_good Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see. 
good But the film is, on the whole, a full, meaty treat, striking not only in its subject-matter and the approach to it, but also in its pin-sharp detailing of nature and the speed and grace with which the characters move. 
very_good Calling this film a 'kid's film,' however, completely misses the point. It is instead a film for the young at heart and those who still appreciate honor, valor, love, and the earth. 
best A breathtaking saga of man versus nature, of gods and men, of bravery, nobility and redemption. 
very_good Unlike most animated motion pictures, which have a relatively limited scope, Princess Mononoke is an epic saga, a fantasy adventure of great ambition and extent. 
very_good Princess Mononoke is a remarkable blend of fantastic imagination and relevant moral questions. 
bad I was somewhat disappointed by the mundane story it presented, but the fashion in which it presented it made it completely worthwhile. 
good Brooding, occasionally bloody and often abstract, it explores animation's dramatic potential in wonderous ways. 
good Miyazaki portrays nature with a breathtaking touch. 
very_good This is clearly not a movie for kids under 10, as decapitations and maimings aren't that uncommon and the story is detailed, filled with subplots, and low on cookie-cutter characters and cutesy sidekicks. 
very_good A haunting, beautiful film that holds your attention despite its length and its complex plot. 
good It's an art film, a densely plotted and visually stunning piece of animation, and not a movie for everybody. 
very_good Here is a film that reaches for unforeseen heights, and surpasses them. 
fair Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology. 
best The result, while not a substitute for the original, will still astound audiences with its mesmerizing vision. 
very_good Hayao Miyazaki has created a world simply unlike any you've seen. 
good The 135 minutes that Miyazaki takes to put across his many motifs are deserved considering the complexity of his task and the movie, which avoids repetition despite the many battles, does not fail to entertain. 
best Absolutely breathtaking! 
very_good Go in with an open mind, clear your expectations, and let it do its thing. Trust me. 
good The film, which runs almost two and a half hours, is paced exceedingly well and never feels too long. 
fair ...easily one of the best-looking animated features in years. 
fair It is definitely too much of a good thing. 
bad The real revelation in the film is the depth and complexity of its mythology and storytelling, which manage to overcome the problems with the human story. 
bad The movie does have potential, but in its present state it's a disappointment that few will enjoy immensely. 
bad I think this is a medium Loach film. 
bad In a way this is Loach-lite; it's a decent, concerned film but perhaps a little too pat and a little too familiar, though it's beautifully made. 
bad Shows a more optimistic side of the filmmaker than audiences may have come to expect 
bad Ireland's misty blue vistas make an appealing backdrop, and Norton and progressive cleric Andrew Scott share some compelling scenes. 
bad There are vibrant issues here, but Paul Laverty's screenplay never gives the characters more than one dimension. They're stifled as debating points. 
good This (possible) swansong from Brit veteran Ken Loach contains some of his finest work in years. 
good A really delightful dramatic swan song for Loach, should he stick to his tragic threat of retirement. 
good t's been rumoured that Jimmy's Hall is Ken Loach's swan song, and if it is, it's definitely an inspiring note to go out on. 
bad All told, it's perhaps best seen as a celebration of a man who stands up for his beliefs - almost like a testament to Loach himself. 
bad Something sparks thanks to Jim Norton's robust but nuanced performance as the cantankerous, obsessive hardliner Father Sheridan, whom he brings to life with terrifying fire and not a little caustic humour. 
bad You'll laugh and you'll fume. That is what we've come to expect. 
good While its depiction of 1930s rural Irish life seems a mite more picturesque than it does lived in, the scenes in which characters air their grievances and debate their communal response, as ever in Loach's films, are full of urgency and hope and life. 
bad Jimmy's Hall is covered in a misty-eyed nostalgia at times but it is also infused with a sense of melancholy and anger. 
fair It's not the Devil, but the Communists who have all the best tunes in 1930's Ireland. Jazz tunes that have the local community jiving in Jimmy's Hall, an entertaining tale of Reds, raves and political repercussions. 
bad It all looks grand (thanks to Loach's regular cinematographer Robbie Ryan) but the lush greens and russet reds tweely disguise any red-bloodedness. This is minor Loach. 
good Cinematographer Robbie Ryan coaxes the screen to marvels. 
bad If it proves to be Loach's swan song, it's a graceful note to bow out on. 
bad Loach and Laverty are obliged to emphasise the violence to stoke the fire in Jimmy's belly, because all they have to define their hero are the forces that oppose him. 
good Jimmy's Hall is is one of the sunniest, most optimistic films in the Ken Loach canon. 
good It all looks great, a dream of Ireland before the blissful bungalows. 
bad It's a warm, romantic little period drama, with inspirational messages about working for "need not greed". But its rousing music is the only element that gets the heart beating faster. 
very_bad Loach has created an impassioned and socially conscious film about a fascinating working-class Irish hero. 
very_bad Loach has done better before; hopefully in the future he will again. 
bad By the time we've reached the third film in this series, we have fallen a bit into a formula. 
good Wholesome and endearing dog movie. 
very_good It's to Burnett's credit that he is able to observe problems of class and race without narrowing his vision to become an 'issues movie' or a sermon. 
best The fantastic thing about this beautiful film is how little it tries to make a statement about anything; it is, simply, life. 
very_good A film that is hard to forget. 
good It may fill you with despair or offer up relief, but you will not be unmoved. 
good Burnett's empathy for his characters is obvious, and his carefully composed vignettes provide a host of indelible images... 
very_good As timeless as the human condition. 
best Don't go to Killer of Sheep expecting a conventional movie experience. This is an art film, a realistic-yet-poetic examination of a time and place and the people stranded there. 
best Burnett's documentarian empathy, coupled with his easygoing skill as a dramatic essayist, result in a film that doesn't look, feel or breathe like any American work of its generation. 
very_good ...his [Burnett's] tale about a south central Los Angeles neighborhood is stunning, and it holds up remarkably well. 
best ...about staying put and standing up - about what it means to be a man, or more precisely an adult, in a battering world that, at the end of the day, leaves you too tired to move. 
best Not much seems to be happening in Killer of Sheep, but in reality every moment counts. 
best It's truly rare to find something this original, honest and insightful. 
best A time capsule of 1970s style and attitude that remains utterly timeless in its respect for its characters and its recognition of the despair, passion, boredom, playfulness and cruelty nurtured not just by life in the ghetto but by life itself. 
good [A] gem ... 
best A milestone of eloquent understatement that captures the daily life of have-nots as few American movies have. 
very_good A worthy, fascinating film that shows the influence of Bresson and of the Italian neorealists. 
best Using the word art may seem like a lazy label, but it is shorthand for a beauty and a peculiar magic that has to be experienced first-hand to be understood. 
best If this film had been more widely available, it would have a secure place not only as the greatest achievement in African-American cinema but also as one of the great achievements in cinema, period. 
best Everything about Burnett's film has multiple meanings, even its title. 
best Though not tautly connected, the various segments generate memorable images and give a feeling for a community and for a family that would be impossible with conventional narrative. 
best So sad. So lovely. So profound. 
best as powerful and moving a film as it's been rumored to be. 
fair Killer of Sheep takes on a life of its own through examining poverty, and the occasional moments of pure clarity and beauty within the misery with stark black and white photography, and realism that's almost startling in its form on screen. 
good ... still has the power to move us. 
very_good Killer of Sheep, largely hidden from view for three decades, is an American masterpiece, independent to the bone. 
best Thirty years after its creation, Charles Burnett's debut feature still hits with the force of revelation. 
good In this blueprint are all sorts of interesting and unusual things. 
best [A] perfect film. 
very_good A film with a depth of feeling seldom scene in commercial cinema, Charles Burnett's student project of life in LA's Watts neighborhood is a textbook of neo-realism and of the artistic use of the film media stripped to its basics. 
best The 'hood as a vast, urban quicksand where the dreams and potential of a generation of African-Americans are being swallowed up wholesale. 
best A gritty, grainy slice of everyday lumpen American black struggle. 
very_bad The dialogue, which is read with either insufficient or excessive emphasis by the nonactors, is often buried under a soundtrack of vintage blues, making it doubly hard to follow. Even the slaughter of the sheep is numbingly uneventful. 
best The rare film which achieved classic status without a commercial release. 
best It shouldn't be missed. 
best Killer of Sheep lives up to its official designation as a national treasure. 
best The fly-on-the-wall narrative observes the life of a slaughterhouse worker who grapples with poverty, misbehaving children, and the allure of violence. 
bad Sadly, the PVC-clad Nyah is a crashing bore. 
good Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction. 
good Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula. 
best There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision. 
good A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg. 
very_good [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind. 
best A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us. 
good Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic. 
best Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious. 
bad Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable. 
very_good More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying. 
good it takes a lot of love to enjoy it. Fortunately, there's a lot of fandom crossover between Family Guy and Star Wars. 
bad Crude humor, pop culture references in animated Jedi spoof. 
fair Leto's layered performance as the nattily dressing dandy with no remorse is truly impressive. 
bad Un buen ejemplo de cine negro, genero fuera de moda que aun conserva su encanto. 
very_bad Noir-ish murder tale is far too dark for kids. 
fair Except for the fact that innocent lives are lost here, it would be easy to walk away from Lonely Hearts saying "so what?". 
fair A consistently entertaining and occasionally gut-wrenching tale that deserves at least some measure of notice. 
very_bad The only juice in Lonely Hearts comes from the thousands of volts shooting through the electric chair in which Martha and Ray are executed in back-to-back scenes that are disturbingly detailed and drawn out. 
good Most astute is Leto's impeccable representation of an amoral snake of a man with the looks and sociopathology to fulfill the requirements of his abject trade. 
very_bad Where's James Ellroy when you need him? 
fair Hayek is a standard-issue femme fatale, damaged on the inside but flawless on the surface. 
fair When Hayek and Leto are onscreen, you do not look away. 
good Their amorality isn't presented in a conventional manner; it's depicted in an unremarkable, matter-of-fact style that makes it all the more realistic -- and all the more unsettling. 
fair It's with the focus on the police, though, that the script fails to truly connect. 
bad A rather plodding movie. 
bad Oddly sterile. 
fair While writer-director Robinson may have known and loved a key character, he hasn't really figured out a good way to bring his story to life. 
fair A beautifully photographed remake of 1970 cult B-movie The Honeymoon Killers succeeds better than many in balancing the philosophical with the visceral, although its villains' dirty deeds still trump its deeper strain of melancholy. 
bad While not much of a detective story, [director] Robinson's period film does provide a captivating look at the dynamics that turn Fernandez and Beck into serial killers. 
bad Strongly focused when it comes to atmosphere. But it strains too hard to contain its disparate plot elements. 
bad The movie never quite clicks because it insists on telling two stories - one that is dramatic and one that slowly peters out, neither of which complement each other. 
very_bad One more dip into the tin-eared neo-noir well. 
bad If you like true crime stuff, this is worth a look 
bad Lonely Hearts can't help but trip on its Hollywood aesthetic standards. 
fair The doc gets up-close and personal. It shows one injured vet's reality after war. 
fair Whatever you think of the film, Body of War stirs up real admiration for its subject. 
bad "Body of War" is so simple-minded and ham-handed in its case against the war that it ends up diluting its own argument. 
good It's the soldier in Iraq who fights on in the face of public apathy at home. The hope in this vital film is that the voices of soldiers will be raised. They will fight on until their mission is accomplished and the Iraq war is history. 
good It's an unusually intimate portrait. 
good Body of War again demonstrates that we Americans still have some bitter truths to face. 
bad The overreaching Spiro and Donahue are not content to persuade viewers; they insist on convincing us. 
good It is not merely an antiwar document, but a complex profile in courage of a paraplegic and patriot. 
fair Body of War makes no bones about its activism. Then again, like the others, it's the willingness to contextualize events and apply reason to them that makes it and others so valuable. 
bad On the lower tier of the numerous docs about the war and the Middle East. 
very_good A tough, affecting documentary about an American soldier in the Iraq war. 
best A chance to witness the struggles of a remarkable young man. Young may be paralyzed in the body, but his mind is fiercely alive. 
bad Half an excellent and touching profile of a young veteran, but unfortunately, half a strident anti-war propaganda film. 
very_good Phil Donahue and Ellen Spiro's powerful documentary takes a microcosmic look at the war and its devastation by focusing on a single casualty. 
very_good Editor Bernadine Colish weaves together all that C-SPAN footage into a disturbing procedural indictment. 
terrible Lazy, shallow and repetitive, Phil Donahue's Body of War is one of the most incompetent documentaries to emerge from the Iraq war. 
bad Drenched in emotion and suffused with good intentions, Body of War is impossible not to like, but difficult to admire. 
good Body of War is a gut-wrenching documentary experience. 
bad A searing documentary that reveals the courageous antiwar heroism of a Iraq war veteran who is paralyzed from the waist down. 
fair Makes for a good anti-war doc, to be sure, but an even finer -- and painfully accurate -- portrait of the former soldier as a young man. 
very_good Equal parts sadness and inspiration, fury and compassion, the film is sure to divide audiences along ideological lines. But there's no denying the reality of Tomas Young's experiences. A man who has paid so much is more than entitled to his opinions. 
very_good Almost by definition, documentaries about Iraq are gut-wrenching reminders of the unaccomplished mission. Body of War transcends even that tough standard. 
very_good ...more than just another run-of-the-mill political documentary. 
fair Thin Ice's troubled production history - the film was famously taken away from director Jill Sprecher and re-edited following its Sundance premiere - can't quite dampen what is, for the most part, an entertaining little comedy/thriller... 
bad It builds suspense slowly and surely as things begin to come apart for Kinnear, but it eventually grows tiresome and the twist ending is still a bit hard to swallow. 
very_good ...the film that has made its way into theaters is no disgrace to any of the names in the credits. Still, it would be very interesting to see the movie that the Sprechers intended to make. 
fair The movie's gently snowbound Midwestern setting blunts some of the story's harsher edges, and the characters mostly feel real. 
bad ... the ride is pretty giddy ... 
bad It's just a little slow getting started. 
bad The movie never fully clicks. 
fair Sprecher and her co-writer sister Karen seem to have gone through a card file of used ideas to cobble together this black comedy. 
fair An amusingly nerve-wracking trek into the snow and out onto the ice with those funny folks in the land of "you betcha." 
good It's convoluted and clever, and on that score it works quite nicely. But if you're looking for something substantial beyond this, you're looking for a different movie. 
bad A climactic twist tries to make the movie that preceded it more interesting in retrospect than it was while it unfolded, but the plot is too implausible -- too unbelievable, really -- to be clever. 
bad Thin Ice is choppy, its tone jumps, it has an unnecessary voice-over, and one wonders about the easy, sappy ending. One also wonders what the original movie was like before it fell through the thin ice of manipulation. 
good As a caustic comedy, "Thin Ice" resides just slightly south of "Fargo." 
very_bad If Mickey were a little less sneaky, he'd be the perfect protagonist for these hard economic times. 
good Ingenious, cleverly plotted engima. 
bad The strong ensemble makes the relatively weak script easier to take as the film skates over some treacherous rough patches but never falls through. 
good Call me a sucker, but Thin Ice played me like a violin. 
good There's nothing like the macabre to bring intrigue to an ordinary life, and nothing like the logistics of body disposal to challenge an insurance salesman. 
very_good Terrific performances by Kinnear, Crudup, and Arkin highlight this terrific black comedy. 
bad If only the film were as good as Kinnear. 
bad The movie is familiar and generic, a pastiche that often reminds you of other, better films. 
good Kinnear and director Jill Sprecher make you feel Mickey's squirming desperation, even if the ending feels like a cop-out. 
fair In the end, it's a little too much like its own main character. It wants the big results. But it's not willing to put in the hard work to really earn them. 
bad With a wink, a nudge and a heaping portion of Midwestern charm, "Thin Ice" reels us in. 
good Director Jill Sprecher keeps things moving at a fast and funny pace, with the narrative's sleazy underpinnings well disguised by the Upper Midwestern niceties. 
bad With a handful of blackly humorous jolts and some game performances by a good cast, "Thin Ice" is a watchable, if not terribly original, piece of Midwestern noir. 
very_bad It would like to remind you of "Fargo" - what with all the snow, the grubbiness and greed, the exaggerated accents and off-kilter rhythms - and it kind of does, but in a dispiriting way. 
very_good Director Jill Sprecher and sister/writer Karen Sprecher have applied several layers of plot to their chilly thriller, and it's a kick to watch it play out. 
bad There is some sinister fun to be had in watching Kinnear skating toward disaster on ice that is very thin indeed. 
good Jill Sprecher's "Thin Ice" is a small, likable movie about a small, not particularly likable man. 
good Thin Ice is deeper than it first appears. 
very_good This is an icy cocktail of greed, betrayal and murder to be savored. 
terrible It takes too long for us to get the information we need to interest us in what's going on, there's no wit or suspense and all of the characters are unpleasant. 
fair Some may think of it as jayvee Coen brothers or Hitchcock -- the influences are obvious -- but Sprecher brings her own style to the movie. 
very_good The Sprecher sisters stay on message with another thought-provoking morality play about ethics in times when dishonesty reigns. 
fair While Kinnear is a good choice for this particular film's leading man, it is Crudup that really steals the show. 
bad When a movie is this predicated on aping the Coen brothers (effectively, it should be added, in fits and starts), surprise won't be its strong suit. 
very_bad The icy fatalism of film noir is turned to slush by Thin Ice, a crime saga that reduces its chosen genre to a series of atonal, old-hat cliches. 
bad At no point does this dual-timeline setup ever feel like one unified project -- the aesthetics of mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies. 
fair I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history. 
good The surprise isn't spectacular set pieces, first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast. It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado. 
fair Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal. 
good Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces. 
very_good X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series. 
bad It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook. 
very_bad The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal. 
very_good Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully. 
good The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning. 
bad Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour. 
good Here's the thing about comic book heroes. Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression... The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different. 
good If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't supposed to be as good as this genre film that is full of both grandeur and fun. 
good It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best. 
good ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects. 
very_good A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot. 
fair Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should its audience. 
bad This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot. 
good Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations. 
good If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain. 
bad I cannot recommend the film to anyone not firmly grounded in X-MEN lore 
good With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious... 
good In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them. 
very_good It lives. It breathes. It has a sense of humor. It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003. 
good the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping 
bad The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days. 
fair It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker. If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy. 
good That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie. 
fair Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination." 
good Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action. 
good ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series. 
good Dark, enthralling and undeniably exhilarating, this is the X-Men movie for X-Men aficionados. 
good There is never a dull moment here as we watch on, uninterrupted, with constant interest in an ambitious display of paradoxes and riddles. 
very_good The results are both dazzling and intimate, clever and - during one tour-de-force sequence - spectacularly funny. 
good Does a fine job of portraying the broad-strokes emotional storytelling that popcorn movies are best at... very fun and very operatic, large and imposing and dazzling. 
good ...funny, sharp, and breathlessly paced, and is one of the few films this year that are worth the exuberant price of a current 3D ticket. Bring on X-men: Apocalypse. 
good It's significantly better than most of the previous "X-Men" outings. 
good At least we can have moments like "Days of Future Past" where the crew that started it all can pop in and remind us of how it is supposed to be done. 
best X-Men, a fabled franchise that, like a fine wine, just keeps improving with age. 
fair While entertaining and bolstered by excellent pan-X-Universe performances, Days of Future Past is a grimmer, less exhilarating chapter in the saga. 
very_good Hits that sweet spot of being really exciting and just substantive enough to earn our engagement. In the comic book-movie realm, it sits comfortably in the upper echelon. 
bad X-Men: Days of Future Past is full of sound and fury signifying box office. 
good A rollicking, if sometimes convoluted, good time, featuring a high-toned cast and a seriousness of purpose that sets it apart from the candy-colored Marvel-produced films and Sony's underwhelming Amazing Spider-Man series. 
bad More of the same, only bigger, louder and messier as the pretty-good sequel to the very-good 2011 prequel pushes the "franchise extender" mentality currently consuming Hollywood to new extremes. 
bad There's quite a bit to like about Days of Future Past, but it feels more like a step backward than the creative leap forward that Matthew Vaughn's prequel pointed towards. 
good Blockbuster films so often blow so much of their budget on special effects but think of the plot as an afterthought. This one dares to reverse that mistake by investing heavily in its writing and allowing CGI to perfectly complement it. 
very_good It's that kind of movie: knowledgeable, emotional, and packed with incident and excitement. 
best In the glut of superhero films flooding theaters these days, the X-Men series stands above the rest. 
very_good Captures the true essence of what has made and will make the X-Men's uncanny popularity survive and thrive in days of future and past. 
good This is Mystique's movie. The filmmakers are obviously making the most of Jennifer Lawrence's current star power by putting her right out front for this one. 
bad A jumble of mutant melodrama that's pleasing but never wholly poignant. 
good one of the best X-Men movies ever made 
fair Amazing what substance in performance can do to distract from the incredible and incredibly silly. 
very_bad There's no zip, no driving force, no personality to these movies, other than what the overqualified actors manage to squeeze out of their individual scenes. 
very_good X-Men: Days of Future Past succeeds at being a thrilling and fun superhero movie, balanced by well-earned dramatic weight. 
good Quicksilver ... is the coolest of this picture's new guys, zipping around so fast ... that he can taste soup, rearrange guards' limbs, and nudge bullets off their trajectories all in the time it takes to blink. 
good Singer not only elevates the action to delight the fans and newcomers but he delivers a fast-paced emotional storyline that blends in all of the previous films without confusing anyone. Certainly a first rate entertainment among the Marvel films to date. 
good A pleasingly coherent, plot-driven action movie, positively streamlined by the standards of today's superhero blockbusters. 
fair Amongst the flying robots and the claws coming out and the ceaseless wisecracks, there isn't really much of a human story to grab on to. 
good Singer's clever uses of period style and sound... [provides] an extra dimension, beyond 3D visuals, capable of delivering a larger, deeper, emotional experience because it offers context to the endless, chaotic action. 
very_good [It's] filled to near bursting as its enormous cast scrambles through the vagaries of its time travel paradox-rich design. But Singer threads the needle with such apparent effortlessness in stitching it all together, the seams are practically invisible. 
best Simply put, Days of Future Past is the best X-Men yet, a superhero highlight reel that rivals The Avengers' energy and popcorn fun and matches The Dark Knight's brooding tone and memorable arch nemesis. 
very_good The complex movie begins juggling and balancing its storyline with astounding skill, as if its various pieces were made of metal and Magneto himself were in charge. 
good With Singer back at the helm and a marvelous cast to boot, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" is the best in the franchise and possibly the best superhero film yet this year. 
very_good "X-Men: Days of Future Past" uses fantastic storytelling and mesmerizing action to become the greatest film any mutants - teenage or otherwise - have ever been a part of. 
best Quite simply, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" ensures the legacy of the "X-Men" movies being among the best franchises the comic books have to offer. 
good Time-traveling superhero sequel has lots of action violence. 
bad You'll love it if Marvel comic book movies are your thing. If not, it's a yawner. 
fair An overplotted conglomeration of events that I found diverting, yet meaningless and emotionally uninvolving. 
very_good Even with its massive cast and its constant transitions between the past and the present, X-Men: Days of Future Past is able to deliver a cohesively brilliant film that is sure to be entertaining for both comic book and movie fans. 
bad The latest in the series in no way lets down the six that came before, and sets a pretty high bar for the many doubtless yet to come. 
good After being burned out on the X-Men for a while, I'd be up for another outing. Maybe in the next film they can head back to the '80s ("Mr. Magneto, tear down this wall!") 
bad To ensure long-term survival, this franchise needs to evolve. In terms of the competition, however, it's still light years ahead. 
good As action-packed as it is, the quiet moments work best and, like 2011's First Class, the superhero universe of the X-Men is a cut above its comparatively cheesier brethren. 
good Having already directed the first two (and superior) X-Men films, Singer shows a level of comfort with both the material and the cast ... 
good X-Men: Days of Future Past is the smartest and most complicated superhero movie in years. 
very_good You really should see X-Men: Days of Future Past on the big screen. The heart-pumping effects are worth it alone. And the cleverness and wit are outstanding. 
good The jailbreak is the film's most giddily entertaining episode... Witty, cheeky and utterly disarming, like mischievous prankster Quicksilver himself, the scene is a delight. 
good At its heart the X-Men story is a parable about difference, subjugation and redemption, an alternate history of humanity where justice evolves as the oppressed model the decency and responsible use of power they've been denied. 
good Strap yourself in kids, because this is why you go to summer movies. Director Bryan Singer has absolutely nailed Days of Future Past. 
best Amazing 
good Ambitious, even audacious, the movie's mix of action and for-devotees-only intrigue can overwhelm, but there are moments of sheer virtuosity, too ... 
fair An audacious, thrilling adventure that's the most epic adventure yet featuring everyone's favorite mutants. 
good Bryan Singer has undoubtedly made the best X-Men film since X2, with a great premise that is not only complex and rooted in sci-fi, but one that also manages to correct just about every crappy decision made in X-Men: The Last Stand. 
very_good Even in the Marvel universe, the question of whether we can control our own fate arises. 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is a star-studded, beautifully written film with both smarts and brawn. 
best Sequels can offer more of the same stories and characters that made their predecessors so successful or they can dare to be more. This movie dares to be more. 
fair This is a satisfying entry, to be sure, and perhaps even the most ambitious, but the premise and its hulking ensemble are underused. 
very_good For those who felt The Last Stand was a poor exit for many of these characters, X-Men: Days of Future Past should at least salve the wound in part. 
bad It is successful because the spectacle never outweighs the story, or more importantly, its characters. 
bad X-Files, Xbox and X-Men - this brave new world suffers from a surfeit of X's. For those of you who think that X indicates buried treasure this latest instalment is probably best avoided. 
good It all builds to a climax that intercuts between past and present, but again, it's not the action ... that keeps us involved. 
very_good In the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who helmed the first two X-Men films, it's a nearly seamless adventure ride despite a plot that at times strains credulity. 
good If you are an "X" maniac, Singer's given you the movie you've been hoping for. 
good This deftly scripted and unusually affecting installment of the long-running series is marked by the notable return of director Bryan Singer, who succeeds in delivering a film that ranks among the very best of the franchise. 
very_good Once it reaches takeoff velocity, "Days of Future Past" becomes one of the best installments in the "X-Men" series. 
good For all its sociopolitical smarts and coded subtexts, the "X-Men" franchise, based on the Marvel comics, is primarily about entertainment, and this seventh installment is no different. 
bad Veers between interesting and insipid for much of its running time. 
good A summer blockbuster that surges with creative action sequences and memorable characters. 
good There are many superhuman feats on display in the latest installment in the X-Men saga, Days of Future Past. Time travel. Saving the world from big, angry robots. A beautifully restored 1973 Buick Riviera. 
very_good Step up, cynics, and see the summer 2014 blockbuster that gets damn near everything right. 
fair Suspenseful and satisfying sequel/prequel. 
fair X-Men: Days of Future Past does have its merits. Keeping its mouth shut is not one of them. 
good "X-Men: Days of Future Past" upholds the acceptably high batting average of Marvel's second-tier movie franchise. 
good The novelty has somewhat worn off after we've been bombarded by six previous "X-Men"/"Wolverine" efforts and umpteen other Marvel flicks. But the talent has never been better than in this rousing adventure. 
good Singer keeps tight narrative control over a complicated plot, showcasing his directorial gifts in a magnificent climax that shuttles between two timelines with artistry. 
bad It only conveys the awesome strangeness of its characters and their universe when director Brian Singer breaks away from the perpetual build-up of the film's unwieldy plot. 
very_bad After a chunky, [derivative] opening, Bryan Singer's return to the world of 'Mutants are people too, only better' settles into a '70s-style actor's showcase. 
good Some sequels have such a complicated back story they should come with printed footnotes. The latest sequel in the "X-Men" series requires an encyclopedia that can be read in a fun-house mirror. 
good Most important, there is an emotional undercurrent in this installment that the earlier films only aspired to. 
good A mind-bending thrill ride with great special effects. 
good "Days of Future Past" is, in itself, as intoxicating as a shot of adrenaline. It's what summer movies are meant to be. 
good It's a brilliant gameplan for a studio: Manipulate time and space to make the X-Men movies infinitely re-bootable, infinitely re-castable and assuredly profitable, until it sounds like, and is, a kind of prayer: Forever and ever, X-Men. 
good A giddy rush of superhero thrills, spills and epic set-pieces. 
very_good This is a fantastic movie. It looks great, has very good performances from a whole bunch of actors who I like a lot, and stages action sequences that are both coherent and impressive. The screenplay might be the best part of all 
good Singer does a nice job of connecting the bleakness of the '70s with the optimistic spirit that inspired the X-Men in the first place. 
fair There's just enough right in "Days of Future Past" to off-set what's wrong. 
very_good The film X-Men fans have been waiting for. It lives up to their expectations and then some. A truly epic installment. 
good This is the best, most entertaining and mature comic-book Hollywood franchise currently in existence. 
bad Drab in look and overly talky, X-Men: Days of Future Past lacks the life force and lilt of its 2011 predecessor, X-Men: First Class. 
bad A dizzying but enjoyable ride. 
bad In a film at one with its own absurdity, near-camp delirium is the strongest suit. 
good Singer, who directed the first X-Men movie 14 years ago, brings back a joyful comic book feel to the series. 
bad Days of Future Past capitalizes on the audience's familiarity with the many players and their complex backstories, but never advances the ball down the field, tenders no new thought or wrinkle to the franchise. 
bad A double whammy for those suffering both superhero and time-travel fatigue. 
fair At its best, Days Of Future Past feels not just like an X-Men comic book, but like an X-Men comic-book crossover 
good ... the return of the franchise's prodigal son, Bryan Singer, and Oscar winning screenwriter Simon Kinberg adapting one of the defining X-Men comic arcs; the stars have aligned for the X-Men's answer to The Avengers. 
good Something old, something new, some Bolivar, something blue... 
bad The movie finds a lot of success, largely due to solid work from a lot of extraordinary actors. They maneuver around a jam-packed plot that, in lesser hands, could have left you looking at your watch. 
fair Both a satisfying capstone for the series so far and a solid starting point for future installments. 
good A perfect blend of all-audience sci-fi actioner and fans-only nerd-out. 
very_good What makes [it] more than just a thrilling science-fiction actioner is the past-present poignancy allowed by time travel and astral projection, indulging everyone's fantasy of telling a younger self what he or she needs to hear. 
very_good This could have easily been one of those blockbusters that seemed tantalizing in the crowded hallways of Comic-Con yet resulted in a convoluted disaster. What we have here is an electrifying ride that grips until its last frame. 
very_good The most ambitious and ingenious of the long-running series, X-Men: Days of Future Past keeps the key crew of mutants busier than ever. 
bad Unfortunately, after initially running hot with breathtaking 3D effects and a fascinating premise, Days Of Future Past gradually cools into an unnecessarily convoluted, compromised product. 
very_good Days of Future Past toys with history, but stays true to its outsider roots, expressing them with conviction and a sense of narrative sure-footedness. Even better, it's timeless fun, a summer movie that engages and entertains us in equal measures. 
good "X-Men: Days of Future Past" does just about everything you'd hope an all-star, time-traveling summer blockbuster should. 
good [It's got] a lot of plot. And yet, despite resulting in a film that brings together the cast of the original X-Men films and the upstarts of the clever 2011 reboot X-Men: First Class, Singer keeps what matters clear and snappy enough. 
very_good The film is visually exciting, aping the look of period camerawork effectively in several 1970s scenes. The actors aren't overwhelmed by effects for the most part. 
good X-cellent, X-citing, X-hilarating! 
very_good Thrilling, heady and not just a little funny, it's easily as good as Singer's other X-films, and rivals the best of the Marvel-based movies to date. 
bad It all trots along at a brisk pace with genuinely impressive special effects and decent gags. Bryan Singer really cares about his mutant outcasts, weaving just enough drama into the superhero shenanigans. 
good The return of Wolverine and many other original X-Men gives a welcome jolt of familiarity to this complex, funny and often spectacular adventure. 
fair The most enjoyable and unexpected element of the film is Evan Peters as the super-speedy yet laid-back mutant teen Quicksilver. 
very_good "X-Men: Days of Future Past'' blows a breath of fresh air through the musty Marvel universe, which increasingly is all about pandering to hard-core fans rather than trying to make good movies for everybody. 
good The first "fun" summer blockbuster and maybe the best X-Men movie yet. 
good It isn't the best of the series but it lets fans enjoy younger and older versions of some of the characters and play in this corner of the Marvel Universe. 
best Traz alguns dos melhores momentos de toda a franquia. 
good Perhaps the most astonishing thing is that this movie is as elegant as it is. 
bad X-Men movies: always promising, never fulfilling... "Ooh, look at how well the production was scheduled," we'll whisper to one another, feeling nothing else at all. 
good Dancing between the fun and the all-out ridiculous with surprisingly nimble feet, X-Men: Days of Future Past is an absolute blast. 
good A bold, dark and important chapter in a superhero franchise that continues to evoke the past atrocities of man, in order to portray a fantastic fable of hope amidst hopeless times. 
good It's all such rollicking fun it's hard to care about the occasional baffling moment. 
bad It's a character-driven comics movie that mostly forgets about the characters as characters. 
good What we do get here is largely fantastic, not only re-energising old-favourite characters but introducing intriguing new ones. 
very_bad The problem here is an absurdly convoluted screenplay that leaps back and forth in time in a manner that is both confusing and increasingly irritating. 
bad With the principal players all on top form, some arresting set pieces and a nice mix of humour and drama, Days of Future Past does more than enough to overcome its imperfections and keep fans satisfied. 
good Largely derivative but without feeling lazy, this is an X-outing that takes the best elements of the previous films, particularly the plot of X2, and rehashes it all through a hue of darkness. 
good With style, heart and thrills, Singer has nailed the most ambitious X-flick yet. Popcorn pizzazz combines with X2's emotional sweep and something extra: a platform for the X-Men's screen survival. 
good That it all makes sense and is up there with the best X-movies is actually quite uncanny. 
good A perfectly fine follow-up to X-Men: First Class and a nice way to offer some closure for Bryan Singer's earlier X-men movies. 
bad For all its ambitious plotting, this X-Men is really an effective merger of the franchise's two separate incarnations ... 
good It's a film that serves as a prequel, a sequel and a bridge between the two. And, most of all, it serves as a giant "f ... you" to X-Men: The Last Stand. 
good Striking in its ambition, assured in its execution, and compelling throughout. 
good One of the best films in this admittedly slapdash series. 
very_good The best, most complete and most entertaining X-Men movie we've ever seen. 
very_bad A curate's egg, thoroughly scrambled. 
good A powerful cocktail of nostalgia and new frontier - quite simply it's the grandest, most ambitious X-Men movie yet. 
fair An ideal weekend movie, the sort of entertaining low-budget horror item that will work best for audiences looking to unwind and have fun after a long, busy work week. 
very_bad Its chief merit is that it lacks the awesome stupidity of many of its successors. 
very_bad Cliched, forgettable 80s teen slasher lacking all kind of originality or characterization 
very_bad Sleazy slasher stuff. Fans of the genre might dig it. 
best True story of a Jewish pianist; OK for older kids. 
good While the film itself may not live up to the advance hype, Brody exceeds expectations. 
good Une belle reussite fait menant a une reflexion honnete sur un sujet face auquel on aurait pu croire que tout aavait deja ete dit. 
best We have been to these ghettos before, seen the skeletons (both alive and dead), smelled the burning. It's not a movie at all for us, is it? 
best By comparison, Schindler's List is Pretentious Hollywood crap. 
good Polanski, like so many performers and artists' managers of the present day, makes the classic mistake of not trusting the art. 
best As a result of the attention to detail and commitment of Polanski and Brody, this is a harrowing, realistic story of what it was like to live in the Warsaw Ghetto and under Nazi occupation. 
very_good As someone whose Holocaust memories are burned into his psyche, Polanski finds the no-frills truth in this devastated landscape. 
good The fact that the director never once caves into easy sentiment or cheap hectoring is almost as amazing as the story itself. 
best As the ghetto atrocities increase, Roman Polanski gets to the core of his brilliance as a director - his ability to balance the film's exterior nightmares with Szpilman's internal hell. 
very_good Emotional engagement has never been one of Polanski's strong suits, but the film succeeds in spite of that. 
good It's the rare film which can still grab your attention months after viewing, and The Pianist was one of them. 
best (Brody's] performance is a marvel of wary tenacity and unquenchable humanity. 
good A haunting tale of survival that helps us to further understand a horrifying and unforgettable chapter in our constantly checkered history. 
very_good 'El Pianista es, sin duda alguna, la obra maestra de Polanski. Es una vision humana de un hecho inhumano, un recordatorio de que el espiritu del hombre es mas grande que cualquier conflicto.' 
best POWERFUL seems too small a word to describe The Pianist, a masterpiece from a master film-maker. 
best Sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramaticos para arrancar lagrimas do espectador, O Pianista e um filme triste sem que, para isso, precise ser emocionante. 
best ...An absolute must-see for anyone who cares about history and what the cinema can do to document it. 
good Polanski's anger and sadness emanate from virtually every frame. 
good Roman Polanski reminds why he is one of the world's greatest living filmmakers. 
very_good "The Pianist" is a testament that truth is stranger, and far more moving, than fiction. 
very_good If this film doesn't inspire you, nothing will. 
best One man's true story set against the Holocaust is a haunting, beautiful tale of humanity, horror and hope. 
very_good Brody is in nearly every frame of the film, and he must not only carry the film's heart, but also its soul and mind. We must feel his agonies, and we do. 
best The film is one of the best on the subject. Though it inevitably invites comparisons with Schindler's List, Polanski's is a very different more deeply disturbing one that does not get its importance confused with the subject. 
very_good 'For The Pianist, the starkness is real in its inherent absorption -- looking at a grotesque period in history was never so revealing, oddly poetic and heartwarming.' 
very_good Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood, and captures them by freeing them from artefact, and by showing them heartbreakingly drably. 
good It is unwatchably harrowing. And the images of devastation are positively retina-scorching. 
best Adrien Brody's Oscar-winning performance is nothing short of miraculous. 
very_bad Brody is good and there are one or two impressive sequences, but it's a mystery as to how this won the Palme D'Or. 
very_good Brody's performance is worthy of an Oscar nomination. 
best There are films so meaningful that to miss them is to miss part of our collective education. Roman Polanski's The Pianist is such a picture. 
very_bad Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart; very meticulously but without any passion. 
good Tells a fascinating, compelling story. 
good The film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people. 
very_good Joins Polanski and Szpilman's memories into a concerto of grief with stunning accompaniment by Brody. 
very_good Any movie that can make you sit bolt upright in your seat at the extinguishing of a make-believe life has proved itself an adept advocate for real ones. 
good Brody is a sublimely haunting presence at the heart of The Pianist. 
best The Pianist is Polanski's best film. 
very_good Roman Polanski's film, his best, draws on his own experience to create one of the most realistic accounts of Warsaw's two uprisings. 
best a powerful, deeply moving film that encapsulates one man's experience as a way of speaking to the greatest tragedy of the 20th century 
good A wonderful, ghastly film. 
very_good This material means something to Polanski and, because of this, he brings personal details that might have evaded another filmmaker. 
best The Pianist lingers like the long-held final note of a nocturne. 
very_good Brody tracks Szpilman's descent from smug celebrity to feral, starving man with uncommon subtlety. 
very_good The action is so engrossing that I didn't notice the actual filmmaking. 
very_good A portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake. 
good A near masterpiece. 
very_good The horror is so inhuman, yet so commonplace, that we think we must be dreaming. 
best It shattered me like no other film since Dead Man Walking. 
good A searing, often staggering portrait of survival, the film takes the position of the outsider looking in, much like Polanski's recent position in filmmaking circles. 
fair A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience; The Pianist does not. 
very_good An unusually careful, intelligent film. 
best The Pianist is a devastating story of survival, and a tribute to the redemptive powers of art. 
best The Holocaust has been the subject of many films. The Pianist is one of the great ones. 
best By combining the persistence of things -- and so many perishable lives -- with the mellifluousness of Chopin, Polanski gets from an excellent cast and a strong script his grave witness to the agonies of the Jews and his native land. 
very_good It is a chilling account, as barren of emotions as a Samuel Beckett play, and yet it is indescribably moving. 
best A triumphant return for a director who has not lived up to his potential in the past two decades. 
very_good This is not a thriller, and avoids any temptation to crank up suspense or sentiment; it is the pianist's witness to what he saw and what happened to him. 
best Polanski's achievement here is to avoid the Holocaust porn of post-Schindler's List cinema and show us the ghetto's daily grind. 
best The brilliance of The Pianist, a film that stands with any of the great dramas about the Holocaust, is not that its story is so unbelievable, but that it is so relentlessly matter-of-fact. 
good Roman Polanski recreates this story with a great deal of passion. 
very_good It's a film whose every moment bristles with the weight of these events on Szpilman's psyche, thanks to a devastating performance by Adrien Brody. 
good Ranks up there with some of the best and most memorable pictures about the time, place and subject matter at hand. 
best The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make. 
good Starts slowly, but Adrien Brody - in the title role - helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying. 
very_good The Pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we, today, can prevent its tragic waste of life. Here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life, his dignity and his music. 
best The Pianist is an multi-note concerto masterpiece for the screen. 
fair Szpilman's experience on the screen is harrowing, yes, but rarely do we feel like we are inside the man's head ... Otherwise, The Pianist is fine work. 
best It is a harsh-but incredibly moving-piece of filmmaking, a work of genuine depth and sensibility that never loses its focus or compromises its integrity. 
good It is in essence irrefutable, brutal evidence of a coven, and even we doubt poor Rosemary. 
good An unqualified success both dramatically and artistically. 
very_bad Cartoonish in some parts, ham-handed in others and very un-Polanski. 
very_good Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style. 
best One of the best films of the year, and one for the ages. 
good After directing five clunkers in a row, Roman Polanski returns to form with the highly personal Holocaust drama The Pianist. 
very_good The Pianist is a dark film, but it also a triumph, a story not just of survival, but of the spirit prevailing. 
very_good It's an overdue rebound for 69-year-old Polanski. 
very_good One of the very few nondocumentary movies about Jewish life and death under the Nazis that can be called definitive. 
best With The Pianist, Polanski's strange genius serves Szpilman's remembrance and, in doing so, rescues his legacy from the blunder of much of the director's recent work. 
fair Authentic war movie featuring an impressive showing by lead Adrien Brody. 
good A film not so much about horror than about surviving horror, The Pianist is an amazingly brilliant addition to the film documentation of the Holocaust. 
very_good Not since 1974's Chinatown has Polanski reached such dramatic heights. 
good This is the story of someone who lived to tell an unspeakable tale, told by someone with stories enough to do justice to its integrity. 
good In concentrating on one man's experience, The Pianist offers an unusually clear picture of the war and the times. 
very_good Brody's performance is flawless, graduating ever so gradually from ironic resignation to pure animal desperation. 
very_good It's an unforgettable story, and a welcome return to form for Polanksi. 
good Memorable as a showcase for Brody's superb talent. 
good It is a tale full of silent fury, a profound portrait of survival within the most dire of conditions. 
good What happened to the pianist and what he saw are clear, but who he is and what these experiences meant to him are absent. 
very_good Although not on a level with "Schindler's List," Roman Polanski and his creative cohorts impeccably, poignantly recreate the atrocities of that sad, horrifying era of 20th-century history. 
good Brody made me understand his character's torment but more in a clinical way than in an emotional one. Polanski needed just a bit more depth in his protagonist. 
bad Proceed with caution. 
good Polanski demonstrates his devotion to his material by finding a way to play the classical compositions almost in their entirety rather than as fragments, stressing the importance of the instrument as much to the story as to the man. 
good An incredibly moving and devastatingly brilliant film that will ultimately be hailed as the director's near masterpiece. 
good One of the most straightforward views of survival that we've seen in this genre. It's not for everyone, but it is worth seeing. 
fair Wladyslaw's isolation is the only thing that really separates The Pianist from the scores of other films with similar content. 
good During its last hour, The Pianist achieves something that approaches near transcendence. 
bad When watching [The Pianist], the experience is a dutiful one, a slow march to uplift. But in hindsight the meanings become clearer. 
very_good It rings with the truth of real-life experience, based of course on Szpilman's account and mixed with Polanski's own life. 
very_good Adrien Brody proves that Tom Hanks is not the only actor who can hold the screen alone for a prolonged period of time. 
fair A worthy Holocaust drama and a welcome return to form for Roman Polanski. 
very_bad The first was far too much really; just multiply the gore by three. 
good Director P.J. Pesce stylishly and briskly stages the numerous shootings and feeding frenzies. 
terrible The first was mediocre. The second was bad. This is terrible. 
bad ...pretty entertaining, with some great gore scenes. 
very_bad Melhor que o segundo filme - o que nao quer dizer muita coisa. 
best Boldly erotic and playfully ponderous about sins of the flesh, "Thirst" rips open its bodice, and various veins, with arterial sprays of carnage and carnality. It's a savage, frank, fanged fusion of "Double Indemnity" and "The Postman Always Rings Twice." 
good Perhaps no auteur is as suited to the vampire genre as South Korean director Park Chan-wook, a man who has made a career out of films full of sexual perversity, doomed romances and a seemingly insurmountable volume of blood. 
good The degrees of shock, the foreshadowing and throwbacks throughout (both visual and in dialogue) all seem diminutive next to the amazing performances by the male and female lead. 
bad click to read full review 
good The story of a noble priest resurrected as a vampire and plunged into a life of desire is opulently brought to the screen by one of South Korea's leading filmmakers. 
good What sets Park's film apart from the standard vampire picture has more to do with its tone, characterizations, and its strange blend of lyricism and pitch-black comedy. 
good Just when you thought you'd seen everything that could possibly be done with vampires, along comes something like Thirst. 
bad Park is clearly an exceptional director capable of being weirdly funny, quirkily fantastical, brutal and sexy, sometimes at one and the same time. There's no one quite like him. 
fair Park directs with his usual eye-catching skill and attention to gruesome detail, and creates a story with strong emotional resonance. 
good A rollicking, hysterical splatter-sex-comedy only confirms 'Thirst' as one of the year's more extreme, enjoyable entertainments. 
bad Not one of Park's best films, but it has bite. 
good This fervid extravaganza is easily Park's best film since Oldboy. 
good A baroque shocker of sensuous unease and cinematic excess marbled with veins of jet-black comedy, Thirst is far from a perfect film, but it might still prove to be a great one. 
fair Chan-wook's film is as gluttonous and stylish as I'm a Cyborg, but fortunately Thirst's renewed appetite for bloodlust and self-annihilation suits the director's pyrotechnics better. 
bad While its most dazzling scenes recall David Cronenberg's The Fly and Schrader's Catpeople, it topples into self-parody in spells, as if John Waters was remaking In The Realm Of The Senses. 
bad A fresh spin on the vampire myth resulting in a wildly inventive and blackly comic horror. Pity it's got more padding than the average fat suit. 
good Gruesome, disturbing, definitely over-long but strangely moving, Thirst brings vivid new ideas to an overworked genre. 
bad Once on course, he is uncontrollable. I don't mean the hero, I mean the director. Park's gallows wit and visual inventiveness keep us alert for an hour amid the ramshackle story structuring. 
bad The film is way too long, and quite sick, though Park's demented lyricism will stay with you. 
good Unleashing torrents of stylishly shot blood-letting he mocks the anaemic approach to the carnal undercurrents of vampire lore favoured by western cinema. 
bad An enjoyable, extremely stylish and well acted vampire drama that builds to a terrific finale, though it's also overlong, struggles to find the right tone and drags considerably in the middle section. 
fair The over-long duration makes it a gruelling journey at times, but it's worth sticking to the end, just to see what the hell Park will come up with next. 
fair The heart of Thirst may be a vampire film but its soul is a morality play, while its flesh is a sensuous playground of desire. 
good It's a production of sensational confidence. 
bad Thirst is a grim antidote to the sanitized, pale young things of Twilight, Supernatural and True Blood. 
very_good Leave it to Park Chan-Wook to put a stake in any pretty, romanticized notions of the undead in down and dirty, daring and dynamic style. 
fair Beautifully shot and willing to grapple with morality in ways both serious and playful Thirst entertains without moralizing, though it frequently lacks narrative drive. 
fair Thirst begins with great intellectual and artistic promise, then devolves into a repetitious mess of teeth, blades, necks, bites, arterial sprays, sex, sex, sex and death. 
good Thirst's moments of brilliance leave you hungry for more. 
good Thirst keeps coming up against the limitations of its various inspirations like a bumper car on a crowded court. On almost every other level, the film's audaciously entertaining, at times even quite moving. You just have to have the stomach for it. 
very_good It's a pretty terrific movie -- unruly, a little attenuated in its unexpectedly lyrical third act, but clearly the work of a major director. 
fair Park's welcome streak for dark comedy does overcome the monotony here and there, but when the sun finally comes up we're left with little but scattered particles of something that tried to do something good, but ultimately failed. 
good Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept, and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst. 
good Thirst is juicy filmmaking -- psychologically rich, cathartic, kinky, visually engaging and almost free of vampire-movie cliches. 
fair The story is mostly riveting, in a chaotic kind of way. 
fair Too bad the film never quite gets the blood pumping in the viewer, which may be a failure of Park's to define his audience. 
bad Full of ache and desire, Tae-ju seems the ultimate embodiment of the title of Park Chan-wook's new film, Thirst (Bakjwi). 
good Just when we've set our brains on ponder, the picture muddies all hope of contemplation with flashes of the fearlessly eccentric imagery for which Park has become famous, and some of the slurpiest sex scenes to be found in any recent R-rated movie. 
bad One part myth, one part vampire and one part over the top hilarity is a promising combination, but this story doesn't add enough to the overused vampire genre to succeed. 
bad Initially invigorating, chilling and mildly suspenseful while balanced with just the right amount of dark comedy, but it occasionally veers into a tedium of awkwardness and over-the-top bizarreness that lacks surprises. 
good Feeling anemic? Allow Dr. Musetto to prescribe large quantities of human blood. You'll find plenty of it in Thirst, from Park Chan-wook, one of South Korea's leading filmmakers. 
good Park has created a rumination on morality and mortality that is not at all deadly, but funny and profound and at times intensely erotic. 
good At a time when so much of popular culture is turning the vampire into just another gently exotic, vulnerable lover, Park brings things back to bloody basics. 
bad Soaked in blood though it is, Thirst leaves some essential cravings unsatisfied. 
bad Thirst's excesses will entertain some viewers, but if you want coherence, look elsewhere. 
fair Thirst is at least a half-hour too long. The story goes off course with pointless distractions and feeds on non-stop grisliness. 
good Thirst isn't exactly out for scares or thrills; it's more like an old-time Hollywood melodrama with fangs; think A Place in the Sun with bloodsuckers. 
good It's tempting to call it True Blood East, but any comparisons to existing vampire sagas shortchange the unique appeal of Park's vision. 
very_bad Overlong by a half-dozen blood spurts and tonally frantic 
fair From the sweltering, acrobatic sex to the bone-crunching suckings and slayings, Tae-ju's angrily orchestrated mayhem rhymes perfectly with Chan-wook's voracious style. 
bad Thirst casts a hypnotic visual spell over its vampiric goings-on. 
fair It's a highbrow, critically acclaimed movie that succeeds far more as a down and dirty horror movie than it does as an art film. 
fair At the hands of a less competent director, THIRST could have been an abomination, but thankfully Chan-wook delivers something above par that should probably be met with two cans of Red Bull. 
fair It's a confronting contemporary vampire story with a plot borrowed from Emile Zola's Therese Raquin, and it would be twice as good if it were half an hour shorter. 
good A fresh, surprising take on an old, old story (and an overpopulated subgenre) that holds the attention with deadly wit. 
fair Thirst may not be the greatest vampire movie ever made, but Park's willingness to try something different makes it a decidedly fresh take on the genre. 
good A dreamlike reverie as well as a uniquely American origin story... 
good Lovely and poetic, if entirely too sketchy and Terrence Malick-like for its own good 
very_bad Contemplative but pretentious drama about Lincoln's boyhood. 
good This biopic about the very young Abraham Lincoln is cinema as visual poetry. 
fair A well-researched film with an intriguing premise, Better Angels is gorgeous, but not enlightening or affecting. 
bad "God tells truths in parables," someone says - a line that Edwards most likely aspires to take possession of, as if his poetic, pictorial parable had its own truths to tell. 
fair Intellectually challenging black-and-white film about Abraham Lincoln as a young boy. For those of you still reading after that sentence, yes, there's a great deal to appreciate about "The Better Angels," not the least of which is the lack of color. 
very_good The narrative is gentle and sparse. The beautifully photographed imagery, shot in elegant, deep-focus black-and-white, is exceptional. The music is richly classical. 
good A gorgeous look at the raw, wooded Indiana of the early 1800s and a dreamy study of the boy Lincoln who was destined to leave it behind. 
bad The effect becomes repetitive, and that ultimately emphasizes the rather slight nature of the story here. 
very_bad History, as subject matter, is hard enough to sell as cinema. The Better Angels will not make the struggle any easier. 
bad Had Terrence Malick taken a shot at making a Ken Burns movie, it would probably have turned out better than "The Better Angels," A.J. Edwards's humorless, pretentious black-and-white tone poem about a very young Abe Lincoln. 
fair Narrators tell us what to feel, but there's something hollow at the center. The tone of the picture seems perversely oblique. 
fair Just as those around Lincoln grow frustrated by his obscurity, so may audiences watching "The Better Angels." 
terrible Like a student film by someone who's never seen a movie by anyone other than Terrence Malick. 
fair It's beautiful, even moving, but comes across as more invested in imitating Terrence Malick than it is in truly illuminating the formative years of a great man. 
fair Shot in gorgeous, breathtaking black and white and edited in a documentary-like style, The Better Angels has a timeless sensibility to it. 
good "The Better Angels," as pictorially beautiful and emotionally evocative as it is, is so bereft of conventional narrative momentum that you have to consider it a miracle it got made. 
very_bad The Better Angels at times resembles a group of folks puttin' on a show at a restoration village. 
good Is and isn't a straight-up [Terrence] Malick imitation. 
bad If you succumb to "The Better Angels," the effect is like falling into a gorgeous photograph, but that also means the narrative in this arthouse film is oblique and sketchy. 
bad The Better Angels seems to be less about our President's childhood, and more about paying homage to Malick. 
bad With The Better Angels, director A.J. Edwards is more concerned with paying homage to an American visionary (filmmaker Terrence Malick) than exploring one (Abraham Lincoln, the film's subject). 
bad Rendering the life of young Abraham Lincoln as a tone poem, "The Better Angels" sags under the weight of its own resolute earnestness. 
good Though quiet and slow, the film flows like a brook. 
very_bad The overall effect is close to parody, tinged by a frustrating coyness that refuses to identify its protagonist (Braydon Denney) by name for the entire running time. 
bad Those who appreciate Mr. Edwards' appropriation of Mr. Malick's approach will find "The Better Angels" lives up to its aspirations; those with no patience for shots of wind on crops will find the film crashes on the sharp-rocked shore of its pretensions. 
very_bad Even taking into consideration the fact the A.J. Edwards edited To the Wonder, it's hard to recall a film so immensely and reductively in thrall to the work of another director. 
bad Such comparisons to the work of Malick, who himself was a producer on this feature, are ultimately the film's very undoing. 
good The Better Angels eschews any sort of narrative linearity (and occasionally, coherency) without entirely alienating its audience. 
good O ritmo e lento, falta foco a narracao e o ato final e confuso. Por sorte, este nao e um filme sobre "tramas", mas sobre personagens - e e ai que merece elogios. 
very_bad It's slow, but it's also sure-footed. Duvall takes it at his own damn pace, and his grouchy old man of a contract killer is a well-rounded and wholly believable personage. 
good More a song about living and dying well than a picture that makes much sense in the traditional definition. 
bad Assassination Tango runs aground with an accumulation of small illogicalities. 
bad If Duvall wanted to celebrate his hobby, he should have made a documentary. 
good You get the feeling Duvall took a tango trip to Buenos Aires and haphazardly decided to make a crime movie while staying there. 
bad While Duvall's contribution to the tango canon may not add much to its mystique, it still offers considerable pleasures to anyone who shares his interest. 
good Not so much a movie as a chance to sidle up alongside Robert Duvall and twirl around a cinematic dance floor with him. 
good Its many tiny character details make up for the ludicrous story it's telling. 
bad A film that uses tango as a metaphor for life ought to generate some fire. But Assassination Tango offers little heat. 
very_bad One of the most boring films in recent memory. Almost nothing happens. 
terrible A monotonously shuffling pet project that nearly induces sleep as it trips over and shoots itself in its celluloid feet. 
fair The exquisitely genuine dance scenes are the anti-Chicago. 
bad What we care about in Assassination Tango is the tango, not the assassination. 
terrible Boring, meandery and clumsy. 
good Watching a Robert Duvall performance has become like putting on a great, weathered pair of boots -- you know it will feel good and you will want to go the distance. 
good Assassination Tango has very little to do with style -- or even plot -- and everything to do with the way a character moves. 
bad Not only is it hard to buy the premise, it's hardly interesting to begin with. 
bad The characters and situations here are all stereotypical or undercooked. 
bad If this sounds like an awkward combination, it is. 
fair The film works as a self-portrait -- of both Duvall's character, and Duvall and his self-reflective style of acting. 
bad When Duvall films the tango, his passion for it is palpable. You can feel the wonder he feels at its emotion and its precision. 
bad The studied pace of Duvall's film, and his carefully measured performance, will win over more patient patrons. 
fair It's an uneven but occasionally fascinating film, as labors of love so often are. 
very_bad A film that feels like the writer, director and star was too blinded by his interest in the subject matter to make a good movie about it. 
bad It's hard to see what Duvall thinks is so interesting about the hit man, aside from the fact that he's playing him. 
bad It is a pleasure and a bit of a treasure hunt to watch. 
fair A great character actor's love letter to the one art form that makes him feel like a star. 
fair The dancing episodes hold interest while the assassination plot becomes superfluous. 
good Duvall has created it from the inside out, seeing it not through the eyes of the audience but through the mind of Anderson. 
fair About one commanding performance, fascinating to watch but not strong enough to redeem the muddled story line on which it hangs. 
good A wonderfully crafted, smartly acted study of a complex old coot. 
fair An exercise in narcissism and nepotism that scoots by, not on story or suspense, but on [Duvall's] Old World charisma. 
good It's a film whose pleasures creep up on you. 
good Even Marlon Brando wouldn't be able to keep this from being the last tango in Buenos Aires that anyone is likely to see on screen for a while. 
very_bad Duvall at his worst is still an accomplished performer; Pedraza is a modern-day Ali McGraw, lithe and beautiful but no kind of actress. For all her fluidity on the dance floor, she's a dead weight who drags the film down. 
good While not on the level of The Apostle, the movie stands as a rewarding, first-rate drama. 
bad Overlong and far less engaging than Duvall's earlier Angelo My Love and The Apostle. 
very_bad If Mr. Duvall's finely textured performance is a testament to the power of good screen acting to lift a film above the mundane, the movie's many irritating tics demonstrate that he is much more at home in front of the camera than behind it. 
good Duvall's latest is a treat for the eyes and ears, but it doesn't always ring true on deeper dramatic levels. 
fair Written and directed by Duvall, Assassination Tango is a wonderfully eccentric piece of filmmaking -- to demand it cohere to formula would be to miss the point. 
bad Take Duvall out of the picture and let this family demonstrate the tango, and you'd have a terrific movie. 
good Another exquisite film written and directed by Duvall (The Apostle) ... [its tango numbers] are magical moments of sheer joy. 
bad Robert Duvall should have stuck to the tango because the hit man aspect misses the target. 
good For those who do not demand a firm adherence to formulas and genre-driven expectations, this movie offers the chance to see something a little different. 
bad With its clumsy storytelling and lack of someone to filter Duvall's gushiness about the subject matter, Assassination Tango winds up shooting itself in its own dancing feet. 
bad Duvall missteps in trying to mesh suspense with a love story. 
terrible Imagine Larry King demanding CNN give his latest wife her own hour-long weeknight talk show, and you'll get a pretty good idea of the level of self-indulgence in Tango. 
good If Duvall's presence in films that are clearly beneath him are necessary in order for him to produce flicks like The Apostle and Assassination Tango, I certainly hope Jerry Bruckheimer never loses his phone number. 
very_bad What could have been a fascinating exploration of the sensuous culture of Argentine tango (a subject the actor/director displays an affection for) winds up instead being a rather clumsy mobster movie with lots of been-there, done-that touches. 
good Art follows life as Robert Duvall, in an intruiging character study, dances with his real-life girlfriend while trying to remember that he's a hit man. 
very_bad [Duvall] has no feel for the crime material and his attempted creation of the quirky John. J., supposedly a master killer, falls apart quickly. 
good Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice. 
very_bad J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more. 
terrible Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag. 
good Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling. 
fair Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming. 
terrible Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding. 
very_bad Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd. 
bad I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them. 
very_bad Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending. 
fair It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves. 
fair ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time. 
bad Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead. 
fair Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills. 
very_bad Um universo de melodrama e cliches... 
fair There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts. 
bad ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there. 
good Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date. 
good Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence. 
bad Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito 
very_bad A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal. 
terrible Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable. 
very_bad Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres. 
very_bad Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches. 
very_good There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches. 
good Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully. 
fair There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up. 
bad the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals 
terrible Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide. 
bad You may need prayer to get through this one without dying from boredom. 
terrible "Stay with me" Jennifer Lopez whispers over and over at the start of the film. Take my advice: Don't. 
good A well-acted character study of a hardworking woman, by a screenwriter (Gerald DiPego) and a director with enough integrity to dispense with the usual Hollywood distractions. 
bad The most notable performance to date from an actress whose hype has heretofore outstretched her work. 
bad More like a TV movie of the week, but without any commercial breaks to interrupt the melodramatic tedium. 
terrible The product is so synthetic it has only attitude where its heart ought to be. 
fair A carefully crafted romantic drama of considerable insight and emotional impact that provides Lopez an acting challenge she meets with ease. 
bad The script is obvious and conflicted. 
good A surprisingly effective film. 
fair The writing is capable but never really stylish, and that's what, in spite of heavenly aspirations, keeps Angel Eyes totally earthbound. 
bad When it's all over, "Angel Eyes" feels like an exhausting flirtation instead of a full-out seduction. 
very_bad This is all about getting your life back on course before you can fall in love. Which isn't such a bad idea for a movie, as long as there's something more. Unfortunately, there isn't. 
terrible It's hard to believe that these two would ever hook up. 
very_good Jennifer Lopez proves that her allure and talent can carry a complex mystery love story. We were delighted, surprised, and impressed. 
good A very traditional love story, and a surprisingly touching one, too. 
good An emotionally layered, grown-up drama about two battered souls finding a blossoming but tentative solace together. 
very_bad As soon as I started to recognize the 'same old same old' path that they were following, I wasn't much inclined to invest myself much further. 
very_bad My feet were stuck to the floor when I stood up to leave due to the sap that had poured out of the screen. 
bad It really only takes two words -- sloppy and sappy -- to describe Angel Eyes. 
bad A romantic comedy with baggage. 
bad Jennifer Lopez has to suffer through it all in the name of $10 million a picture 
bad The tagline of the film reads: "The deeper you look, the more you will find," but I've always found it pointless to search for treasure at the bottom of a dry well. 
fair An uneven story that moves in fits and spurts, it has trouble ever quite deciding what it wants to be. 
good Lopez and Caviezel do fine work, energized by the perceptive, intelligent script of Gerald Di Pego and Luis Mandoki's sympathetic, sure-footed direction. 
fair What with its cryptic storytelling, otherworldly pacing and doe-eyed little boys, Luis Mandoki's Angel Eyes could pass for a lost M. Night Shyamalan film. 
fair Judging by Jim Caviezel's signature acting, this could be called 'Eyes Half Shut.' 
very_good An intelligent, impassioned adult romance that has a lot to say, and doesn't feel the need to let a rock soundtrack full of love ballads explain it. 
bad Unfortunately, Angel Eyes is almost always too obvious for its own good. 
good 0.5 
good Whirlwind direction, witty quips from screenwriter Nunnally Johnson, and the seasoned Stewart's likability ensure that the laughs keep coming in this fun film. 
bad Some of the incidents are funny, some are so-so, some are flat. And, of course, in the end, it is concluded that for all this, the family is still strong. 
bad Moderately enjoyable. 
bad Has no shortage of heart, but it has been so clumsily organized and falls back so often on cliched storytelling that any early goodwill quickly morphs into resentment. 
bad Story loses momentum in a wave of heavy-handed messages. 
bad Its earnest tone, moving orchestral score and strong cast carry it past the rough patches. 
fair My Brother is a brave little film, with the emphasis on little. Shot on a shoestring, it lacks the polish of many indie efforts but compensates with bold casting and a big heart. 
very_bad My Brother is brimming with would-be life lessons. But the movie goes in so many directions, and follows through on so few of them, that all it transmits is a vague glow. It's watered-down chicken soup for the soul. 
very_good A moving and meaningful melodrama about a blood bond tested by the trials and tribulations of trying to survive in the inner-city. 
good Powerful, kid-friendly intro to black history stories. 
fair Vanessa Roth's documentary American Teacher positions itself as a rebuttal to those who make political points maligning American teachers. 
bad [S]upplements lots of stats with teachers' true tales. . . [E]ffective portraits poignantly personalize the multitude of charts and testimony from many education experts. 
bad Convincing docu highlights underappreciated teachers. 
best This heartbreaking and essential look into the lives of those who put so much into educating other people's children ought to be seen by anyone concerned about the fate of the public school system, and the nation as a whole. 
bad A heartfelt, bittersweet portrait of several teachers as they make the difficult decision of whether to stick with the profession. 
good As we watch the individuals in "American Teacher" struggle with the burdens the system places on them, it's hard not to feel like crying, both for them specifically and for our national culture. 
good A provocative documentary that sheds light on the reasons why teachers deserve higher salaries so they can flourish in the classroom doing what they love to do best. 
bad In the sense that it perpetuates a compartmentalized view of education, American Teacher does more harm than good. 
bad There is a passionate, combative and riveting documentary to be made about the plight of the American schoolteacher, but unfortunately the well-meaning, unfailingly decent and overly slack American Teacher isn't it. 
bad Sentimental holiday fare with strong messages about family. 
fair It's a pleasant-enough movie, but offers little that the book doesn't give its readers; far too quickly, it fades away. 
good ...scants the rich emotional potential in favor of After School Special cliches 
very_bad Tiger Eyes' characters are so obvious as to be underlined and color-coded. 
fair Guided by a gentle pace, this is a quiet film, in tone and in its acting. 
good Tender, well-acted teen drama is true to classic Blume book. 
good Warm, poignant and family-friendly with a rushed, contrived ending. 
fair Directed and constructed without distinction; nevertheless, it is quite moving, thanks to Blume's storytelling and the sincerity of the performances. 
bad There are no surprises among the characters - depressed mom (Amy Jo Johnson), controlling aunt (Cynthia Stevenson), new boyfriend (Tatanka Means) - but the cast is strong enough to build on familiar elements. 
fair Time has robbed Blume's subjects of shock value, but her perceptiveness hasn't dimmed. The movie's sincerity carries it along, and makes this story endearing despite its filmmaking cliches. 
bad This attenuated coming-of-age tale oozes heart and perhaps too much respect for its source material. 
good A gentle, honest and shrewdly realized film ... It's worth seeking out. 
good [Tiger Eyes has] an uncommon intimacy, the kind you find in a Judy Blume novel. Her grit and grace are all over this heartfelt adventure of a movie. She gives it a spirit that soars. 
best A moving depiction of a teenage girl's quest for a way out of her sadness, grief, and loss over the sudden death of her beloved father. 
fair A lean, economically told indie that should please fans of the 1981 source novel. 
fair Still waiting on that Superfudge movie. 
terrible Merely an insufferable YA lint trap ... 
very_bad Later Bronson entry is formula hewn violence. 
bad Far from a masterpiece, but Rhodes gives Buscemi a role ripe with emotion and a fascinating complexity. Buscemi returns the favor by powering the film with an engaging oddity. 
fair The performances are strong--even the minor characters--and the atmosphere and tone are spot-on for a dark comedy. 
bad good for a quick laugh, but ultimately an empty gesture. 
good Comic casting and comic timing pay off in most scenes, with Dinklage landing the big laughs, Malco doing his wise-guy-talking-down-to-the-doofus patter and Buscemi just bugging out and reacting to the craziness. 
bad ... slightly less than the sum of its parts ... 
bad Don't get me wrong. I loved Buscemi's low-key performance. But I'm less crazy about the movie, which is sometimes oddly timed and funny and sometimes just plain flat. 
terrible The script is both overly simple and unnecessarily complex. As we wander west without tension or purpose across an airless desert, the trip isn't all that enjoyable. For God's sake, are we there yet? 
very_bad It's a kind of cinematic purgatory, halfway between eternal reward and eternal damnation. The question is: What did I do to deserve such mediocrity? 
terrible Theoretically, Saint John of Vegas may look good from a distance, but when seen up close it's only a house of cards. 
terrible Saint John of Las Vegas was a bad script that somehow got made into a bad movie with good people in it. 
bad For all its clever quirkiness, the end product seems flat and over-thought, which isn't to say it's a bad first step for this ambitious novice director, just a long way from something that will set the world on fire. 
fair It's minor, but I enjoyed it, largely because of the people on-screen, but also for the sneaky sincerity of writer-director Hue Rhodes' chronicle of one compulsive gambler's slouch toward redemption. 
bad This movie is all elbows. Nothing fits. It doesn't add up. It has some terrific free-standing scenes, but they need more to lean on. 
fair A road trip to Vegas turns into a road trip to Hell in this great little romp with the master of misfortune, Steve Buscemi. 
bad The indie trifecta of clunky voiceover, scrambled chronology, and dream sequences can't fatten the slight story. 
terrible A funereally unfunny comedy by debut writer-director Hue Rhodes. 
bad First-time director Hue Rhodes, who shifted from a career in IT to go to film school, invests too much screen time pursuing the quirky rather than nailing down a story. 
fair A dark comedy that drolly tweaks idiosyncratic versions of the American Dream as a hilarious assortment of characters tempt a sad sack gambling addict in the Nevada desert. 
terrible This disjointed, desperately whimsical film is simply not funny: not for a minute. 
fair [Its] randomly flung-in episodes are just quirky padding around a thin, one-twist story. 
very_bad The oft-used ploy of forcing an odd couple into a car and sending them off to uncharted territory is trotted out yet again here, but to minimal comic or emotional effect. 
very_bad First-time director and screenwriter Hue Rhodes shows no discernible talent for dialogue, humor and, especially, pacing. For a movie than runs a mere 85 minutes, Saint John moves like a life sentence in molasses prison. 
fair Such an inventive and quirky film, it's hard to ignore what a distinctive voice Rhodes brings to indie comedy. Casting Buscemi in this role couldn't be more perfect. 
terrible A tone-deaf odyssey of personal discovery striving to echo Dante's Inferno. 
bad The promised quirkiness is muted and dull, and the stakes seem much lower than they ought to. 
very_bad Doesn't break any new ground. In fact, it resembles any number of quirky indie character pieces. 
bad Saint John of Las Vegas marches in lockstep with virtually every cliche of the modern independent film. 
good Isn't horrible and isn't a classic either. 
very_bad As long as yahoo endeavors like this keep getting financed, don't expect the South to rise again any time soon. 
good ...how many other opportunities are you going to get to hear Andy Griffith use a particularly nasty euphemism for prison rape? 
bad As a document of an era that has become as influential in popular culture as any movie or music genesis, this is a tale that deserves to be told. 
very_bad Jaw-droppingly awful -- mesmerizingly so. Poor Joe Cotten. 
fair American Dreamz tries hard to be both important and farcical, but it leans a bit too much towards farce without being funny enough to pull that off either. It's decent, but uninspired. 
terrible Did writer-director Paul Weitz think that U.S. audiences would be too dumb to appreciate actual satire? 
good A comedy that delivers in every way, "American Dreamz" easily gets my vote. 
bad Viewers are left with nearly two hours of dull, rather obvious gags. 
good In a way, this film talks out of both sides of its mouth -- lampooning and loving its targets at the same time. But most viewers, I suspect, won't mind. 
very_good It has the good sense to hold up a mirror to ourselves, only instead of making us feel guilty and stupid, it makes us feel inclusive and in on the big joke. 
very_bad A satire that sets its sights too high and elicits only a few laughs here and there. 
very_bad his movie, full of easy swipes at easy targets, comes off like that overly chummy guy at a party who got drunk too early and goes around taking too long to set up a joke that's already been beaten to death. 
terrible Dreamz is a nightmare! 
fair Cleverly written and performed, it's entertaining but uneven. 
very_bad Subtlety and sincerity go out the window in favour of crass stereotypes and easy jibes ... 
very_bad ... American Dreamz is kind of all over the place from the beginning. 
very_bad For all its misguided qualities, the movie is at least perfectly cast. 
very_bad There's a brilliant movie here somewhere, but it's never quite brought out. 
very_bad No legitimate characters or performances here, just impersonations of the easy target clods that grace the stage of 'American Idol' and White House press conferences. 
bad A sociopolitical satire with a lot of bark, but not enough bite. 
very_bad A supporting cast&mdash;including Marcia Gay Harden, and Jennifer Coolidge&mdash;are tragically underused and what little material they're given has been dumbed-down. 
very_bad Somewhat silly and more than somewhat tasteless, "American Dreamz" isn't as smart as it thinkw it is. 
good Weitz's rousing satire is no dream: It's the mad, mad real world of America in the year 2006. 
very_bad Pokes fun at a program that doesn't take itself seriously, cutting down easy targets like an eighth-grade bully picking fights with first graders. 
bad As are most satires, this is silly and humorous with good performances. I squirmed quite a bit during the first hour, but Grant's performance is probably worth the price of admission. 
fair This is a heady mix, but it sounds funnier than it plays, because it needed a Billy Wilder level of cynicism, and Weitz doesn't have anything like that. 
bad This isn't a black comedy -- it's more like a whiter shade of pale. 
bad So much potential left unused...frustrating. I walked out of American Dreamz feeling good, but it was the kind of fluffy good that this movie should have been mocking, not emulating. 
bad doesn't seem to have anything poignant to say, opting instead to recycle broad generalities that have already been run into the ground on late night talk shows. 
bad When the most sympathetic character in the movie is a potential suicide bomber, you know something's wrong. 
fair You won't know whether or not to recommend it to your friends. They'll ask you if it was good or bad, and you'll only be able to respond with "yes." 
bad okay for what it is 
good What's interesting about the movie is that, while it's only moderately funny, it's extremely amusing...It held my interest throughout. 
bad has as much acidic bite as a marshmallow sundae. ...It beats a drum, turns on a neon sign, demands your attention and then forgets what it wanted to say in the first place. 
bad The off-the-cuff slaphappy material feels too stretched out and relentlessly spotty to emphasize any pinpoint intellectual political humor. Slight in its sarcastic overtones... 
bad It's an interesting mix of American Idol and suicide bombers that almost works... They could have dreamed a bit bigger. 
good Enjoyable, sharply-observed satire with a great script and strong comic performances from the entire cast. 
bad Paul Weitz's satirical farce gets the details right while missing the big picture. 
fair Like a commander-in-chief who's too good-naturedly dumb to be dangerous, the writer-director is ultimately too forgiving to do much bruising. (Or maybe too calculating, which kind of blurs into the same thing.) 
fair American Dreamz is often a lot of fun, thanks to Weitz's cast. 
good American Dreamz is the rare case of a movie that gets better as it goes along. 
good The topics of American Dreamz are very broad, but the targeting is often lasered. 
bad Perhaps because both elements are such ultra-easy targets for satire, the film works only about half the time. 
bad Weitz suffers what can only be called a failure of will. He backs off when he should be bearing down. 
good As the movie reaches its delirious climax with the American Dreamz finale that brings all the disparate characters together, it's purely delightful. You might hate yourself for laughing at a some of the jokes, but you will laugh. 
very_bad American Dreamz isn't mean enough or funny enough. 
very_bad It's a disappointing effort from witty writer-director Paul Weitz (American Pie, In Good Company). He tries to weave a subversive tapestry a la Nashville but only tells a story full of holes. 
very_bad A cartoonish, unfocused and mostly unfunny satire that doesn't come within a hundred miles of hitting its two main targets. 
fair The devilishness of satire is in the details, and [Paul] Weitz's script just isn't as funny or as consistently sharp as it should be. 
fair Ultimately, it neglects to pin the tail on the donkey that deserves it most: an audience that wouldn't recognize caveat emptor unless it was the name of an American Idol contestant. 
very_bad Most of American Dreamz has a curiously dated, been-there feel: It's a redundant comedy, like hearing the same tired joke for the 100th time. 
fair Much like I feel in the voting booth every four years, the political satire American Dreamz rendered me frustrated and confused. 
fair OK, so American Dreamz tries a little too hard to be satirically witty and bitingly political. But, darn it, it still makes you laugh in spite of yourself. 
bad It may be seriously flawed, but American Dreamz is still amusing and pleasantly subversive. 
fair American Dreamz has plenty of laughs. You'll leave the theater feeling not outraged but actually rather cheerful. 
terrible the appeal of the movie so disintegrates with every second of resolution that I found myself hating it by the ending credits 
very_bad American Dreamz puts reality TV and U.S. politics in its crosshairs, then fails to pull the trigger. It's less entertaining than an average episode of American Idol. And that's saying something. 
bad In American Dreamz, the people are stereotypes, and the context is fake: It's broad, it's thin, it's a big easy target. And ultimately, its dreamz are hollow. 
bad A random episode of American Idol offers more comedy and drama, not to mention more disturbing insights into contemporary popular culture, than American Dreamz. 
terrible American Dreamz is as forgettable and lacking in insight as the great majority of dreams that trespass on our subconscious. 
very_bad To employ terminology that might be used by Simon Cowell, the brutally honest American Idol judge, American Dreamz is bloody awful. 
best American Dreamz pulls off that rare feat of shooting at dozens of big targets, and hitting so many of them that we want to stand up and cheer because someone even tried. 
fair Dreamz is amusing enough; but be prepared for comedy that's more crass than class. If you want refinement, see the more clever Thank You for Smoking. 
very_bad The writer-producer-director of American Dreamz makes nearly every mistake in the satirical book. His targets are either too easy or too dated. He's inconsistent in his attitudes toward them. His stereotypes are stale. 
good American Dreamz is a political satire that's eerily emblematic of the moment we're living in: smart, spring-loaded with pop culture references, and far too good-natured to do any lasting damage. 
very_bad What if they threw a satire and no jokes came? This is the question American Dreamz answers in its interminable running time. 
fair The sheer audacity...is admirable, and often times very funny. 
good The Weitz brothers are a 2-headed John Hughes for post-2000 audiences...not always critically aclaimed, but almost always loved by the public. Once again, they succeed. 
very_good It has the sunny, deceptively breezy tone of something like "Dick," or maybe one of the great Michael Ritchie satires of the mid-1970s, like "Smile" or "The Candidate." 
good American Dreamz succeeds, partially because it feels so good to see these parade floats skewered and deflated. But the real triumph here is that Weitz bothers to take aim at all. 
fair The film is tailor-made for the vast audience that can't wait to watch Fox's Idol each week while still intellectually grasping what a glossy hunk of junk it is. 
good Not everything works in this semi-audacious challenge to the American Dream, but Weitz consistently and amusingly hits the broad side of the barn. 
good Politically incorrect to a broad spectrum of social cliques, "Dreamz" makes a statement and has some fun at the same time. 
good Watching... viewers reacting to an... attack on the president as just another reality show... suggests that 9/11 didn't change things as much as some people have claimed. 
fair If the comedy didn't have its fair share of moments, it could easily be seen as failure; fortunately, a handful of game actors ... saves it as something that's mostly enjoyable. 
very_good If its opening scenes are like an asthma attack within an iron lung, Weitz stabilizes the material and begins massaging the satire with the brand of human interest that made his other works so distinctive. 
good [Grant] is a brilliant comedian, with an ability to be hilariously selfish and egocentric without turning off the audience. 
good The story, while no Dr. Strangelove, is very poignant as a satire on politics and modern culture. 
very_bad It's not really a cynical or outrageous point of view, but just a really lazy one, and offensively, exploitatively so. 
good American Dreamz lampoons the public's appetite for mindless entertainment and easy distraction from serious concerns. 
very_bad Paul Weitz's film is a seriously unfunny comedy about that intersection where politics meets entertainment. 
bad The movie is a spirited exercise in caricature rather than a cohesive comedy. Everybody's playing somebody real, but the movie never approaches reality. 
fair American Dreamz, Paul Weitz's good-natured satire of pop, politics and our bloated sense of entitlement (arguably our biggest export) lampoons the great American disconnect from reality by locating the place where all these things intersect. 
bad [Director Paul Weitz's] best work comes with plenty of breathing room. But American Dreamz is too busy and plotty to afford much of that. The characters end up competing for screen time. 
good American Dreamz looks like a sitcom, plays like a sitcom and is a sitcom -- and also the riskiest political satire since Wag the Dog. 
bad It's simply zany, silly, forgettable fun. 
fair Everybody's so good, you find yourself wondering why the movie isn't funnier -- or riskier. 
terrible A toxic love letter to hate. 
terrible You'd think the idea of a satire that combined politics and pop culture would be rife with possibility, but Weitz is more timid in the box than Jon Heder in The Benchwarmers. 
fair A comedy satire as proudly silly as its awful title. 
fair You won't realize how far under your skin it's gotten until you catch yourself singing the theme song on your way out of the theater. 
very_good ...will undoubtedly come under fire for being all over the place, but that's like complaining a trapeze artist shouldn't be performing so far up in the air. The movie exhilarates precisely because it takes random, high-altitude risks. 
very_bad So do you think the war on terror is one big joke? ... Even if you do, this is comedy that, for all its heavy-handed political satire, just isn't funny. 
good Weitz has a clear-eyed vision of the zeitgeist and tosses it up on the screen with a deadpan veracity that is as unflinching as it is hilarious 
terrible Comes across like a bad 'Saturday Night Live' political sketch, dragged on for way too long ... a lot of great talent wasted. 
very_bad One wonders whether American Dreamz is attempting to satirize pop culture or merely recreating it. 
fair With such acting talent and some of the creators of much better films, you may be expecting more than a good farce. However, the farce is pretty much what you're getting here. 
bad A broad-based lampoon that envelops too much material and tries far too hard to please. 
good Satire attracts a tough crowd and is always a challenge to pull off. This one duz, and makes the complexity look easy. 
fair Is it possible to satirize something that, in and of itself, often crosses the line into self-parody? 
terrible Instead of making dreamz come true, it will only give you nightmarez. 
bad "American Made Movie" ends up feeling as if it were built from well-known facts and wishful thinking. 
bad "American Made Movie" takes an effective micro-macro approach to unpacking the rise and fall - and potential rebirth - of the American manufacturing sector. 
very_bad The approach is as subtle as a U.S.-made Louisville Slugger to the head. 
bad American Made Movie reveals itself as a superficial inquiry, substituting random anecdotes for genuine proposals about how the country might renew its manufacturing base. 
very_bad The documentary's refusal to challenge the comfort zones of its target audience is apparent throughout. 
very_bad The film marked the directing debut of Norman Lear and very much reflects the time in which it was made. 
bad The best thing about the movie was the appearance of Bob and Ray as TV personality newscasters. 
bad at its best it is amusingly frantic and uses the cast in a number of effective characterizations 
best Even if you don't smoke, you'll find Cold Turkey funny. 
very_bad It isn't long before the plot and characters have nowhere left to go but down to the depths of human depravity. And by the end it's impossible to see the point. 
terrible Whatever edge of fear and tension the movie might have possessed is traded for blistering annoyance as the cast near-cannibalizes one another while screeching at top volume for over 120 minutes. 
terrible Gens' film, while a far darker vision of the day the world ends, is more sexually sordid than satisfying. Save the humans? Why bother? 
very_bad Its nihilism feels cynical rather than authentically bleak, and the increasingly histrionic scenes start to resemble an indulgent actors' workshop that has spun out of control. 
bad The Divide is extremely nasty and relentlessly bleak but it's worth seeing if you like that sort of thing. 
terrible A clunky and ugly little film that I was more than happy to forget. 
good A genuinely disturbing descent into madness. You just happen to have seen it all before. 
very_good A genre film that's both a little too long and a little too brutal for mainstream tastes ... a minor cult movie, beloved by a few discriminating connoisseurs of small-scale apocalyptic horror and pretty much ignored by the rest of us. 
terrible Michael Biehn and Rosanna Arquette are in the cast but not helped by a cursory screenplay. 
terrible One to avoid. 
very_bad No one has any goals other than to be the most annoying person in the room and there's plenty of competition in that department. It's a waste of a good setup as the situation and location are well drawn. 
good Gens's skilful direction and the throat-grabbing performances from the cast add to the tension. 
very_bad Nasty, unrelenting and likely to make your hair fall out. 
bad Gens' impressively grim film has points to make about post-9/11 militarism, but you get the sense that humanity disgusts him so much he'd rather leave his characters to the roaches. 
terrible THE DIVIDE aims for a dark, cutthroat tone, focusing on exploitation elements without the thrills that are usually involved. The result is both extremely dismal and extremely uncomfortable. 
terrible The film's only point appears to be lurid delight in topping one atrocity with another. 
terrible The tale quickly degenerates from a dramatically promising clash of personalities under pressure to a gratuitous display of rape, murder, torture, dismemberment, madness, ugly misogyny, naked racism and yelling. 
very_bad It's a rare movie where the most likable character onscreen, and the feel-good hero of the damnable show, is none other than the hardy cockroach. 
very_bad If it's possible to get bored with derangement, The Divide finds a way to make that happen. 
bad In the end, the pace of the film is just too sluggish to maintain our interest and, at under two hours, it feels longer. 
fair "The Divide" is at least 20 minutes longer than it needs to be, but the claustrophobic setting and slowly mounting tension keep the grim drama involving. 
good Xavier Gens has created one hell of an intriguing horror thriller. 
bad Gens has talent, if also tendencies to steer the visuals into the music video realm, but he treats the characters here like mobile props and nothing more... 
terrible The only possible relief from director Xavier Gens' abusively bleak survivalist scenario is how implausible it is. 
terrible When a character swims through raw sewage to escape at the film's climax, it's hard not feel a certain solidarity. 
bad We wait, from one cringe-inducing, hide-your-face-from-the-screen act after another, to see how much worse the behavior will become. 
very_bad It's doom that we're meant to feel here. And repulsion. I hate to say, but I shrugged. 
terrible If the objective is to make the audience ill, The Divide succeeds. 
very_bad One lesson for future generations rising from the ashes: Avoid the shelter containing whiner Rosanna Arquette. 
fair Too bad [Gens] lacks Rod Serling's genius for delicious irony. 
terrible This incoherent, redundant, sci-fi thriller is a depraved, repugnant dirge with a disappointing conclusion. 
very_bad Man is depicted as his own worst enemy, but for audiences there's perhaps no greater threat than Gens's overripe artistry. 
bad Gens' disaster pic has visual flair aplenty and an explosive third reel which mostly forgives the inoffensively routine first two. 
bad Decent Vietnam war film. Dafoe's presence can only help. 
very_bad Less entertaining than any of the leads have ever done. 
bad Inert gung-ho Vietnam adventure. 
good The film's denouement is at once shocking and organic because it echoes a well-paced but nasty children's fable. 
terrible painfully stupid 
bad A screamingly unnecessary sequel... [but] the best-animated of the Disney DTV sequels to that point, by an extraordinary margin. 
bad It still has a direct-to-video feel, despite the care that the filmmakers took to create bridges to the original film. 
bad In the end, Lady and the Tramp II never quite justifies its existence... 
bad Knowing it came in that glut of sequels before they really got things figured out, it really isn't that bad. 
bad Like most sequels, this one doesn't live up to the original. 
very_bad Sadly, and this annoys me to no end, 94% of the Disney sequels are just rotten. But that won't stop the studio from re-releasing the things. 
bad OK direct to video release, no where near the original. 
bad Made without much of the original Lady and the Tramp's spirit in mind. 
terrible Comes billed as a progressive, eccentric romantic comedy, but at its heart, it's a pessimistic, cynical, and very traditional. 
bad It's just a neutral object, with bears. 
bad ...comes off as an affable yet entirely needless piece of work... 
bad the return of Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis as the idiot moose is nice, if not a little forced 
terrible ... triste constatar que a magia e a sensibilidade do primeiro filme foram substituidas por cliches, uma historia ridicula e sentimentalismo barato. 
bad While not nearly as memorable as its predecessor, Brother Bear 2 has plenty going for it. 
fair ...does not quite compare to some of Disney's finest animated work in terms of story or character, but it surely holds its own in terms of artwork and sound design. 
very_good For anyone who likes intense drama & great performances 
very_bad Drama is well-acted but more political than religious. 
terrible The cinematic equivalent of a Jehovah's Witness who won't take 'no' for an answer getting his foot stuck in your door. 
fair Is aimed at a targeted audience of believers and fully satisfies them. 
terrible It's the same old false shuffle dealt from the same old stacked deck. 
very_bad "Do you believe?" No. 
terrible A self-aggrandizing sermon that preaches only to the faithful. 
very_bad For most people it will stir a longing for the days when God had a better writing staff: Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. 
bad While the message is nice, the screenplay feels like it was written by a third grade Sunday school class. 
very_bad As I see more "faith-based" films targeting the evangelical Christian market, I recognise I need to adjust my critical expectations a tad. If it has a coherent three-act narrative, it's already way ahead of the game. 
very_bad Subtle as a sledgehammer to the toes and only slightly more entertaining ... 
fair Sure, it's mushy, but you can't make a movie called Smile and not be at least a wee bit saccharine about your intentions. 
very_bad However worthy the sentiment, this one won't leave viewers with a smile. 
very_bad This drama, which was bankrolled by the people behind the international Operation Smile program, has the best of intentions. But it's so painfully earnest that it becomes insufferable. 
very_bad Good cause, bad movie. 
very_bad Feels like a school project that has its heart in the right place if not the skills to produce something with depth and emotional heft. 
bad Kramer may have felt that American audiences would have wanted to follow an American heroine, but it's Lin's story that resonates. 
good This movie's so filled with admirable intentions that they practically spill onto the screen before it starts. 
bad Overall, it's pretty elementary stuff, along the lines of a Disney Channel TV movie. 
terrible Smile is like a dose of cod liver oil: It may be good for you, but it's no fun. 
best Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante. 
very_bad One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced. 
good Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches. 
bad Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience. 
good One of the most important animated films ever made. 
very_good One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year. 
good In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals. 
good If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once. 
bad For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash. 
best ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations. 
good A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this. 
very_good With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own. 
fair The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it. 
good There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles. 
good The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing. 
good One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie. 
bad The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness. 
good Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile. 
bad Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results. 
good A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage. 
very_good Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact. 
very_good A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation. 
good Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold. 
good Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed. 
good The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative. 
good Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision. 
bad The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen. 
best One of the best animated films I have ever seen. 
fair A hallucinatory tour de force of color, perspective and scale, virtually encapsulates the history of Japanese animation. 
bad Stunningly beautiful. 
best Belleza, magia, poder, amor, misterio, y gran gran msica y visuales... qu ms se puede pedir?... 
good The scene-stealer is Robert Ryan, one of cinema's forgotten great actors. He delivers a superlative performance as the radical with dark reason and fearful purpose, bringing a new, almost heroic dimension to the character. 
fair The play is an inescapably great experience, and that fact isn't muffled by this film. 
best For four hours we live in these two rooms and discover the secrets of these people, and at the end we have gone deeper, seen more, and will remember more, than with most of the other movies of our life. 
very_bad Forced gags, and Hope & Crosby creak along in the last Road picture. 
bad Occasionally bright attempt at recapturing the old 'Road' pictures doesn't quite make it 
bad [Not] a great thriller, just one that is more intelligent and dignified than you would ever imagine, sight unseen. 
very_bad Immaculate execution in every detail of one poor conception after another... uninspired, arrogant, and lazy. 
bad Cool original camp. This is a fun little movie. 
bad It's Back to the Beach writ saucy. 
bad It's all enjoyable enough, but it's played so broadly that it loses whatever impact it might have had. 
good Sharp satire. Great fun. 
fair A funny tongue-in-cheek comedy, cinematic commentary and murder mystery all rolled in to one. 
bad It may be fluff, but it's knowing, relatively enjoyable fluff. 
terrible It's too much filmed theater to come alive fully on the screen. 
fair A promising recipe for comedy that goes flat in the execution. 
bad Has a great look, but its broad laughs at the expense of '50s and '60s cultural naivete aren't really all that clever. 
bad An enjoyable, if weightless, romp. 
very_good Not since Rocky Horror has the film world produced such a vibrant farce of teen angst, violence, and sexual deviance. 
good Wonderfully campy entertainment that doesn't ask anything of its viewers. 
good The sort of movie that even today's superstars might love to slum around in. 
fair It's best to just relax and enjoy the Party. 
good It definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge. 
best Shocking in its day and still a genuinely creepy experience, director James Whale's primitive yet enthralling interpretation of Mary Shelley's classic tale of man playing God is the most influential genre movie ever made. 
fair ...a watchable yet consistently uneven horror flick that feels long even at 70 minutes... 
best Classic monster movie still electrifies. 
very_good Frankenstein is a horror film that turns (miraculously) into an existential tale of man's fear of abandonment 
very_good If it isn't the best American horror film of the 1930s, that's only because the extremely gifted director James Whale wasn't done with the franchise quite yet. 
best Beautiful photography, a heartbreaking story, and iconic moments from beginnning to end. Absolutely unmissable. 
very_good A classic. 
fair Now a classic part of scream culture. 
good The high tide of Universal horror. Hail Karloff. 
good Charming, spooky, and magical at once. 
best An essential classic. 
best Here Whale emerges in full flower%u2014the stage director in love with the theatrical and drunk on the possibilities of film. 
very_good Genuine old-school horror movie excellence ... and the sequel is even better! 
best Nothing can detract from the power of the most influential monster movie ever made. 
very_good Still a startling film about the borders between genius and madness, science and atrocity. 
very_good As much as the later movies diluted the character of the Frankenstein creature, nothing could blunt the impact made by Karloff in the role of the most memorable movie monster of all time. 
very_bad Drugs and drinking make waves in family drama. 
bad [An] unassuming, but sadly unexciting, family film. 
fair There's real heart to be found in the story but it comes along with borderline saccharine sentimentality, a too facile ending, and clean outcomes that aren't earned. 
very_bad The underwater parts of Eye of the Dolphin are kind of pretty. Unfortunately, the rest of this waterlogged drama is pretty ugly. 
bad Eye of the Dolphin is much better than most films of this sort, and if it helps a generation of young girls want to grow up to swim with live dolphins rather than groom My Little Ponys, that's certainly not a bad thing at all. 
bad A lonely dolphin serves as a mediator in the reconciliation of a father and daughter who don't know how to connect with each other. 
bad There are too many fishy family crises and too few fishlike mammals in this earnest 'Flipper' update, which soft-pedals its New Age agenda until a climactic speech that promises we can learn from our dolphin pals 'not just intellectually but spiritually.' 
very_bad If only the wooden acting moved with the fluidity of the underwater footage, the only bright spot in this clunky drama. 
bad As Eye of the Dolphin makes some jarringly contrived plot twists, a viewer can imagine writer/director/executive producer Michael Sellers listing his assets and pondering how to combine them for one movie. 
very_bad A limp coming-of-age tale set in the Bahamas. 
good Carly Schroeder is strong and the film's genuineness compensates for the 'after school special'-style script and production values, making it a pleasant, even uplifting film. 
best Although the movie trades heavily on gang-film staples, there's also ample comedy packed into the mix. 
best Envolvente do inicio ao fim (num desfecho, diga-se de passagem, poderosamente dramatico), o filme traz Cagney em uma de suas atuacoes mais intensas e inspiradas. 
good ...most of all, it's Cagney: At the top of his game, the bad guy we have to love. He makes it all happen. 
best Angels With Dirty Faces benefits from the Production Code because it forces the gangster film to acknowledge its nihilism. 
fair Sometimes fierce 
best Wonderful morality story; one of Cagney's most memorable 
best If you're looking to study the gangster classics, I know a good place you can start. 
best A glowing valentine to creativity in opposition to commerce. 
good Sua natureza auto-referencial transforma o filme numa grande homenagem ao proprio cinema. 
terrible Be Kind Rewind should gather dust on both DVD and VHS shelves. 
good Once the movie starts finding its focus it becomes a very unique experience 
bad A surprisingly quiet and whimsical comedy about a ridiculous and unlikely series of events that turns into a nearly-as-likely miracle. Best bit: the film's own Sweded preview. 
best An ode to finding one's creative side and the joys of being able to share one's creations with others. 
very_good Tackles the hackneyed with the tender hand and heart of writer/director Michel Gondry. 
bad But with a skill that is difficult to pinpoint, Gondry seems to stumble like a fox from this paper-thin plot into a precious little ode to community. 
fair 'Be Kind Rewind' is a whimsical adventure with genuine affection for its characters, but Gondry's story is essentially weightless, a fanciful flight in search of a raison d'etre. 
bad The remake/parody sequences are outstanding, but Black's all-over-the-place mania and Mos Def's bland orphan hero don't quite tie the rest of the picture together. Still, it has heart. 
very_bad And the film ought to be funny, with Mike and Jerry recreating those films as home movies. But somehow it's not, the laughs are very thin on the ground. 
bad The premise of Be Kind Rewind is pure Michel Gondry. The end result is anything but. 
fair quirky 
good corny, cool and beautiful 
terrible Let's not go to the videotape. 
bad Be Kind Rewind may be the least ambitious of Gondry's films but is also his most fun. 
fair It falls short in the character development category, relying on a whimsical vibe, the charm of its actors, and ceaselessly inventive movie re-creations to get by. 
best Gondry has merely used the plot to celebrate community, friendship, love, creativity, making something out of nothing and the power of myth to sometimes be greater than truth. 
bad At best it's a collection of very good ideas in search of a framework, and at worst a dramatically stale film based on a terribly messy screenplay. 
good One of the most bizarre concepts to hit the big screen unspools erratically in "Be Kind Rewind," an outrageous comedy that offers some clever scenes and more than a few laughs. 
terrible Nothing can save this overambitious enterprise embarked upon by a couple of idiots, full of sound and fury but ultimately signifying nothing. 
bad Be Kind Rewind, like last year's great Sundance film Son of Rambow, is a celebration of the power of film and the joy of the movies; not just great art, but also great trash. 
good It truly inhabits the do-it-yourself spirit of independent filmmakers coloring outside the lines drawn by Hollywood. 
best Will leave you with a huge grin on your face. 
bad Hollywood showbiz is about the now and the new, so there is something subversive about Gondry pitching his tent in the wasteground of obsolescence behind the gleaming edifice of modernity. 
bad Takes a clever concept and cobbles a weak story around it. 
bad Communal commitment to a DIY aesthetic is [Gondry's] undoing, particularly when he allows an irritatingly manic Jack Black to run wild and virtually hijack the movie. 
bad Long before the movie ends, it slips right off the sprockets. 
best It's hard to tell which is the work of art, the audience or the movie. Because they are both so beautiful. 
fair Give Be Kind Rewind a little time and an open mind, and it just might grow on you. Its premise is absurd, but adorably so. 
very_bad Thick stew of awful. 
good A celebration of the DIY aesthetic, and of the universal appeal of movies, Be Kind Rewind is a charmingly off-the-wall little tale. 
bad If it isn't up to his Oscar-winning Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, it at least has Jack Black and Mos Def around for laughs. 
good Michel Gondry doesn't understand -- or, perhaps, even care about -- the normal niceties of plausible plotting, thematic structure or satisfying character development. But he does understand joy. 
good It's inviting, undemanding and altogether wonderful. You'll want to see it again, or at least Swede it yourself. 
good A surprisingly sweet comedy showcasing a manic Jack Black. 
good A feel-good film with a gentle comic spirit, a sweet affection for its gallery of silly characters and a sincere love for the process of moviemaking. 
good Loopy, goofy and endearing. 
fair Eminently likable. And there's something about Gondry's persistent nostalgia that feels contemporary, or opportune, at least. 
fair Whimsy overwhelms this sweetly innocuous tribute to DIY video - which is hobbled enough by its core premise of guys shooting their own versions of popular movies on VHS. 
good A charming picture about filmmaking all dressed up as a comedy. Exaggerated and wonderfully silly, the movie concerns hilarious amateur movie-making -- but sneaks in a message about community and the transformative power of art. 
terrible It's a joyless ode to joy, it's a leaden salute to the silver screen, it's a painful testament to filmic pleasures. Be kind, and don't even begin to rewind. 
bad It's not nearly as funny as its premise would suggest, and the movie even becomes a little dull when it tries to make a few points about the differences between commercialism and art. 
bad It takes a special talent to wring so much warm, humane comedy out of such a screwy premise. But the real triumph is how Gondry uses it to champion no-budget indie filmmaking, salute cinema's unifying properties and thumb his nose at the Hollywood system. 
fair I felt positive and genial while watching it, but I didn't break out in paroxysms of laughter. It's the kind of amusing film you can wait to see on DVD. I wonder if it will come out on VHS? 
very_good Rousingly bad moviemaking brings out some of Gondry's most blissful. 
good It's a happy pill in the shape of a cinema ticket. 
good [Gondry] seems almost to relish his house-of-cards approach, so much so that the uncharmed critic might reasonably feel it a waste of breath to blow it down. I would agree. 
bad Michel Gondry is a visionary of sorts, but he needs a talented writer to add emotional depth to his child-like creativity if he is going to reach the heights of Eternal Sunshine again. 
bad The director has attempted to construct quite a complex little film here, but only parts of this delicate concoction work effectively. The movie feels like a strange, lightweight piece of ephemeral fluff. 
bad Moments of Gondry inspiration make Be Kind Rewind worth your time, even if you decide to wait for the video. 
fair Lots of heart. But it won't change your life. 
good I liked the various ways in which Gondry utilized his essentially absurdist conceit as an ingenious way of exploring how people relate in deeply personal ways to the power of cinema 
very_good The magnitude of Gondry's visual ingenuity is consistently jaw-dropping. 
very_good Michel Gondry's latest cinematic breakthrough Be Kind Rewind grants passage into his magical imagination and proves yet again he's one of today's artistic giants. 
very_good It's one of those rare experiences that remind us not exactly why we love movies, but how we love them. 
terrible ...the lack of subtlety with which Gondry has imbued the latter half of the proceedings ensures that the film is ultimately an extraordinarily tough slog indeed. 
very_good a brilliant little allegory 
bad Cute but a little empty, Be Kind Remind boasts an original premise without the clarity of writing and character dimension to back it up. 
good A kid's movie for adults, a charming notion for a time of postmodern ennui. 
bad Quirky Jack Black comedy is sweet and silly. 
fair Be Kind Rewind may exist in a hazy, dreamy time warp, but its artistic impulses are strictly YouTube. 
fair Even though its thin conceit strains and stumbles into being, Gondry's movie somehow ingratiates itself to the dauntless dreamer that lives within each of us. 
fair Gondry, as writer and director, can't stop the creative helium from leaking out of his cinematic balloon. 
bad Apparently intends to tell a story about people's relationships with movies but winds up saying films are impersonal just because they look professional and don't star YOU. 
fair A genuinely original independent film, though one that requires patience and tolerance of the writer-director's style. 
bad Perhaps Gondry realized the sum wasn't going to be greater than its parts and just left it at this: two halves, one more intriguing than the other, that don't add up to a coherent whole. 
bad Gondry invites us to rewind to a time before corporate domination, while failing to realize that 'corporate' and 'professional' are not synonyms. 
good Be Kind Rewind not only reminds us why we love film so damn much, it pays tribute to those films that may have had a hand in it. 
very_good ...makes you nostalgic for the early days of backyard moviemaking, before digital video cameras and desktop editing software turned everyone into mini-Spielbergs. 
terrible A comedy hobbled by a preposterous plot and a phony finale. 
bad There's just enough whimsical good humour to carry Be Kind Rewind, but Michel Gondry's latest does tend to keep crashing into 'oh come on now, what were you thinking?' self-indulgence. 
fair Arguably the biggest problem with Be Kind Rewind is that Gondry never stops experimenting, even when the experimentation works against the movie's best interests. 
fair A would-be heart-tugging, inspiring paean to the do-it-yourself ethic/aesthetic and its concomitant community-building powers, the latest film from visual lo-fi innovator Michel Gondry is slight and finally unconvincing, alas. 
fair Only crazy rubber-faced Jack Black could pull off such a spoofy, overly-eager slapdash of a project. 
very_good In Michel Gondry's estimation, we're defined by our dreams, our art, and our histories, a conviction he once again expresses with whimsical, lyrical inventiveness. 
very_good Michel Gondry has taken a stunning leap forward with Be Kind Rewind. It's his most successful film. 
fair Not as quirky as Gondry's previous movies but not quite mainstream either. [It] has enough heart in the end to make up for the fact that it isn't nearly as funny as its premise might suggest. 
fair A scruffy, likeable little comedy, even though it's not actually very funny or involving. 
good Anyone who has ever made a no-budget home movie, replete with exaggerated performances and makeshift props out of The Warriors, will hold a special place in their heart for Be Kind Rewind 
good A sweet and simple story that aims to be no bigger than it is, a shaggy dog fable about dreams and the transformative power of even the worst movies. 
bad I came out of this wishing the paint can crowd would settle for tattoos. 
bad Visually dazzling and dramatically trite -- it's virtuoso piffle. 
terrible Thoroughly fails to convince that its handful of New York characters known as 'bombers,' graffiti mongers futilely yearning for immortality via nightly despoiling of public and private property, is of any tragic interest. 
very_bad A didactic ode to a lifestyle that makes little sense, no matter the darkly romantic rebel-with-a-cause ideas associated with what is essentially an act of vandalism. 
bad In the end it's all seductive surface and no substance, but Lough has a bold eye and a vivid sense of uniquely urban beauty. 
bad Preachy and single-minded, populated by a world of sympathetic heroes and hissable villains. 
very_bad A flashy but numbingly hollow compendium of Trainspotting-inspired visual gimmicks, Lough's tale of New York City 'bombers' is formulaic in the extreme. 
very_bad A mild, slow-moving drama that belatedly tries to argue that graffiti writers are political artists, not an urban blight. 
bad Lough's impressive, if uneven, debut feature captures the adrenaline rush and contradictory nature of the simultaneously creative and criminal activity but stumbles in its attempt to justify it as an art form. 
bad Adam Bhala Lough's hot little melodrama rhapsodizes the lives of contemporary graffiti artists. 
very_bad Lough references Basquiat, without naming him, but in the end can't quite hijack the late artist's cred for his own hit-and-run movie. 
bad Well acted and ably directed, if not very probing about its subject of underclass youth. 
bad The film's nostalgic fondness for '80s hip-hop/street culture is at odds with the story's supposed contemporary setting. 
good Excellent acting, great music, amazing artwork and gorgeous Christopher Doyle type cinematography make this film an absolute treat to sit through. 
terrible undiluted garbage 
terrible This hip-hop Romeo and Juliet is awful. 
bad Jet Li deserves better than this. 
bad Guess what, kids! Your average Jet Li film is a LOT better than your average Jackie Chan film. 
good Everyone can enjoy the main special effect in the movie: Jet Li. 
fair It's not Shakespeare a la Kenneth Branagh, but it's not bad either. 
good What impresses me about this film is its consistency in terms of characterization. 
bad Fast, furious fun, worth a viewing. 
bad The director gets carried away with his quick-cutting technique, to the point that it interferes with the viewer's ability to appreciate the fantastic choreography. 
fair Way too much time is spent exposing the boring, conventional plot, with all its predictable twists and double-crossings. 
bad Straight-ahead action would have been more than sufficient. 
very_bad It's funny and violent and occasionally quite entertaining, even if there's not a single convincing moment. 
fair The main problem with the movie...is the story: it's very weak, and seems to exist mainly as a vehicle to attach all the fight scenes in a string. 
bad There are no characters, just stick figures. 
bad Tiene mucho de accion pero poca sustancia 
very_bad Despite the cagey titling, Hong Kong action star Jet Li's first stateside leading role has little if anything to do with Will Shakespeare's doomed lovepuppy, and more's the pity. 
terrible All of the elements were present for success. But it inevitable turns into some lemon drop-sweetened nightmare, two hours long. 
fair The inexperienced director does aim high, but ultimately Romeo Must Die succumbs to lowest common denominator syndrome. 
bad Despite Li's rascal charm and Aaliyah's groovy sensuality, the leading pair have less chemistry than a remedial science class; when they awkwardly dance in a painful-to-watch nightclub scene, their coolness is all-too apparent. 
terrible Three words: not enough action! 
very_bad In good Hong Kong cinema, your plots and relationships should never be more preposterous than your fight sequences. If you break this rule, then you wind up this film. 
bad There is too much dialogue and too little Li. 
bad Recommended for fight fans only. 
bad ...can be added to the list of kung-fu fighting films that promised more than it delivered. 
terrible The action scenes drew peals of laughter. 
bad If you didn't know Li was a world-class WuShu champion, you'd never guess it - all his action scenes are edited within an inch of their lives. 
fair A plodding, play-it-safe rendition of The Family Feud. 
good The visuals are stunning and the stunts stunning. 
good Romeo Must Die has a great look and an edgy feel, along with some broad swaths of humor. 
bad Jet Li is, quite simply, the Michael Jordan of martial arts. 
bad The best scenes mesh together the kind of super-gymnastic moves and dotty fun which would make Jackie Chan go green. 
good A big cool fun movie. 
fair As a reward for putting your brain on autopilot, there are some incredible fight scenes to watch. 
fair For martial arts enthusiasts, Jet Li's artistry will barely compensate for the gaping flaws of Romeo Must Die. For others, it would be a wasted trip to the theater. 
good All Romeo Must Die claims and wants to be is one brisk jolt of action, and that's exactly what it is. 
bad You catch Mr. Li in bite-size chunks instead of the family-style helpings in his other work. 
bad When the film sticks to action, it's on firm ground. 
very_bad [Li's] scenes are so clearly computer-aided that his moves are about as impressive as Bugs Bunny doing the same. 
very_bad Great Kung Fu set pieces that are edited so fast that they are impossible to watch. 
very_bad It all ends in a lot of explosions. Surprised? 
fair [Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart. 
very_good One of the most charming of all Disney features... like anyone else, when I see it I am swiftly and inexorably carried back to childhood, in accordance with the drippy cliches. 
best While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it. 
very_good The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions. 
good ...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters. 
very_good Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures. 
best Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping. 
bad 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty. 
best Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history. 
good Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI. 
best A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made. 
very_bad There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic. 
good The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better. 
best The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies. 
best An absolute classic Hollywood epic! 
best Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best 
very_good Predictable but magnificent and satisfying. 
very_good One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes. 
bad Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot. 
best A definicao classica do epico. 
good Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day. 
very_good An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern. 
good Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity. 
good It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see. 
good ...fairly defines the word 'epic.' 
very_good Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun. 
best Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er. 
very_bad Touching Wild Horses seems more a trite Movie-of-the-Week, than a solid film that combines breathtaking beauty with character conflict and resolution. 
fair A family drama ... that makes up for its production deficiencies with a noble heart. 
bad The insights this independently produced drama has aren't any deeper than those to be gleaned from your average Afterschool Special. 
best James Whale's extravagantly produced sequel to his own Frankenstein still ranks as one of horrordom's greatest achievements. 
best A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic. 
best This was to be [director James Whale's] last horror film. Small wonder; what could he possibly have left to prove? 
best A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision. 
best Whale's erudite genius brings it all together. He sculpts every nuance of self-parody, social satire, horror, humour, wit and whimsy into a dazzling whole, keeping every one of his fantastical plates spinning until the tragic, inevitable finale. 
best one of the greatest movies i've ever seen 
best Classic - the pinnacle of Universal horror 
good My Big Fat Monster Wedding. 
best Absolute classic horror, the best of the 'Frankensteins.' 
best Among the best of what Hollywood has to offer. 
very_good A horror mega-classic. 
best One of the best horror SEQUELS ever made. 
best A perfect mix of comedy and tragedy. 
best Whale brings camp humor to this immortal sequel without losing the horror or the pathos which the tale demands. 
best Grand, spectacular entertainment: a blend of horror and black comedy carried along by Whale's unique combination of theater and cinematic fireworks. 
very_good THE monster movie. 
best The Bride of Frankenstein has an in-your- face audacity that hasn't dimmed all that much after 63 years. 
best A classic, much better than the relatively straightforward original. 
best One of the oddest and most memorable films ever made in America. 
best Seen today, Whale's masterpiece is more surprising than when it was made because today's audiences are more alert to its buried hints of homosexuality, necrophilia and sacrilege. But you don't have to deconstruct it to enjoy it. 
bad A fast-paced and captivating exercise in gory action-horror, a la Wesley Snipes's 1998 bloodsucker epic, Blade. 
terrible Too scary, too gory, too gross. 
bad Without a single scare to its credit nor a particularly inspired storyline, this film fails to justify its existence. 
terrible The use of Craven's name in the title is a cheesy marketing ploy and the secret to the fanged suitor's aversion to all things Christian is an even cheesier hoot. 
terrible We're talking 5,940 seconds better spent doing anything else under the sun, including but not limited to pulling out one's toenails one by one. 
terrible [It] will be consigned to the bin with all the other Dracula rejects. 
terrible There's enough holes in the plot to drive a 40-foot hearse through. 
bad There are precious few good performances in this movie, and it would be really great if the title character were one of them. 
bad The filmmakers were stuck with a script containing good ideas poorly executed. 
fair While not a truly terrible vampire movie like The Forsaken, Dracula 2000 could have been so much more. 
bad The film concentrates more on the gore and less on fright and suspense. 
terrible Unable to add a single new thought or shot to the tired vampire genre. 
bad Just what we need: another Dracula movie! 
terrible Its screenplay is so rudderless and random that it might just as well have been written by the vacuous pre-teens that most likely comprise its key demographic. 
bad Dracula 2000 is an update of the classic story that unfortunately drives several nails into the coffin of the vampire genre. 
terrible ...thanks to Hollywood, Dracula really is eternal. With those kind of odds, I suppose eventually we'll get a vampire flick worth watching. But this ain't it. 
terrible Bad in just about every way. 
very_bad Not only is the guy playing Dracula not terrific, he barely even registers on screen. 
terrible Dracula may stay undead in the new millennium, but there's not a sign of life -- oh, that bloodless acting -- in this sorry mess. 
terrible Bargain basement horror. 
very_bad This is a jejune hack-Drac. 
very_bad Almost drained the life right out of me. 
very_bad Neither a comedy nor a horror picture, Dracula 2000 plays more like a bad industrial video for vampire exterminators. 
fair You've got the usual blood and gore, paired with low-cut dresses and heaving bosoms. 
fair An entertaining excursion into the cheap thrills of second-rate horror, with plenty of bloody mayhem, kitschy crucifixes, and heaving bodices for the Nosferatu inside you. 
terrible There is ... very little that this film does right, and I can identify nothing to justify its existence. 
bad [Dracula is] never a force of evil of mythic proportions; he seems small-minded and even whiny. 
terrible A bloody mess as a movie, one with acting so lame it's likely to prompt shrieks, not of horror but of derisive laughter. 
terrible A thudding, suspense-free montage of unshocking shock effects and more severed heads than toppled during the French Revolution. 
very_bad The movie isn't even worth the time in line for popcorn, let alone in the theatre. 
bad Lots of classic vampire lore is minced and forced into a shiny new casing in this glossy shocker, but in the end it's the same old blood pudding. 
fair Enough cheap scares for pretty much anyone looking for some enjoyable bloody fun. 
good In addition to showcasing Mathers, 8 Mile makes a case for rap as a creative rebel yell. 
good Director Curtis Hanson puts a new spin on the familiar "triumph against the odds" theme with this slick showcase for the talents of superstar rapper Eminem. 
good It ain't Eminem: The Movie but it does showcase Eminem: The Actor -- easily the best rapper-cum-thesp since Tupac Shakur. 
fair 8 Mile wins because it doesn't try to impress you with mega-stars and made-up stories. Instead, it tells a simple story of trial, error and triumph. 
bad Eminem's edgy, graphic quasi-biopic is not for kids. 
bad I was able to guess what would happen to most of the characters most of the time and come through perfectly. 
fair You can't stop him or crop him/He's in widescreen and large/He ain't playing when he's baggin' Curtis Hanson for Sarge... [Blu-ray] 
bad Ends on a high note, but it doesn't negate the tedium of the number of false and mostly flat ones that precede it. 
bad The film is really no more than a two-hour prelude to a climax in which our hero ... rhythmically tells people off. 
fair It is more just a pleasure to watch Eminem perform. He is fiercely talented and has a natural charisma; the camera loves him. But, like most of the story, we knew that before we saw the film. 
best Like his wizardly lyrics, Eminem's performance and his film have unexpected depth. 
good Eminem does a credible roughed-up urban ghetto impression of James Dean 
very_bad Hanson's enthusiastic participation in the project is bewildering given how pedestrian the story is: poor, white kid keeps getting beaten down before a final showdown... 
good Com sua estupenda atuacao neste filme, Eminem poderia facilmente buscar uma carreira no cinema. 
good Take away the napalm spread of profanity, impromptu scenes of steamy sex and the myriad joints that get smoked, and 8 Mile is basically a Disney sports movie with rap as the athletics of choice. 
good Following L.A. Confidential and Wonder Boys, this makes a remarkable hat-trick for Hanson and is a personal triumph for Eminem. 
good Despite the weak story, Hanson commands a strong performance from Eminem and showcases both the rapper's newfound acting abilities and his musical talent. 
good Director Hanson skillfully creates the oppressive nature of urban poverty with the dirt, grit, and darkness that remains prevalent throughout... 
very_good Eminem summons things from deep inside himself to shed away ego and portray a calm, frustrated, worried kid who doesn't even talk too much. 
good For a pop star vehicle, it certainly ranks among the better ones and Eminem does have a strong screen presence. Unlike Purple Rain, this movie will probably hold up 18 years from now. 
very_bad The problem is Eminem himself, who has clearly been drilled by the director to play to what will have to pass as strengths: stillness, cool, control. 
bad What screamed a ridiculous idea or vanity project when you first read or head about it is the exact opposite - a well thought out and realised film which never thinks too much of itself. 
fair Eminem's skill still lies in turning an inventive phrase: filled with characters who lack depth, his film debut falls victim to its own modesty and is often insubstantial and boring. 
very_bad The script is uninspired, the picture's characters are stick figures, its dialogue is lackluster and the star's performance seldom rises above the adequate. 
bad A solidly built, rather old-fashioned yarn about a plucky underdog who triumphs in the face of adversity. 
good Eminem manages to take all that we think we know about Eminem and inject it into his character without turning the character into a simple screen version of himself. 
good Extremely enjoyable film, with a winning performance from Eminem -- essentially this is the Hip-Hop version of Rocky. In a good way. 
good That the final rap battle feels so electrifying rather than merely coming across as the usual rah-rah climax taps directly into the energy emanating from Eminem as he gives his character a real presence. 
good Not since Rocky brought Silvester Stallone to virtually instant stardom has there been a more effective attempt to repeat the phenomenon. 
fair Eminem gives a focused, intelligent performance. 
very_good Eminem proves himself on the big screen with this extremely well-made film loosely based on his own life in innercity Detroit. 
good The unique format of the motion picture shows how valuable it can be, for what else can be used to so vividly capture the most important element in a story like this -- its cultural setting? 
good Even [Eminem's] most devoted admirers likely will be surprised by his ability to keenly render and compellingly sustain a character throughout a feature-length film. 
bad If this movie had been directed by someone other than Curtis Hanson; I'm talking some nobody shmoe or some flashy music video director, critics would have dismissed this as just another singer-turned-actor star vehicle with no more depth than a shot glass 
good Em's lowdown, dirty diatribe may sound like treason, but you might discover that his rhyme is the reason. 
good First Adam Sandler's in an art film. Now Eminem's in a "sports" movie...go figure. 
good However you view it, it's a story that's been told before. And yet, it works. 
terrible If you took the 'f' word in its various permutations, 'yo,' 'man,' 'dawg,' 'word' and the phrase 'my bad' out of Curtis Hanson's 8 Mile, you'd have a silent movie -- and that might be an improvement. 
fair A decent, American, inspirational, Rocky-esque story. 
fair Eminem's compelling, assured, workaholic performance lifts 8 Mile above its standard fare convictions. 
very_bad 8 Mile" becomes tedious and tiresome in the first hour. 
bad Eminem himself comes fully to life only during his raps -- which the film unwisely confines to the last 20 minutes. 
good Eminem plays a guy named "Rabbit," and he doesn't get any respect. Maybe going by the name "Rabbit" isn't the route to respect, yo. 
bad About 3 miles to long and if you've seen Purple Rain, American Anthem, Rocky, Saturday Night Fever and to an extent Coyote Ugly and Glitter, you've seen 8 Mile. 
good Then there are the rap sequences where Eminem displays an energy close to unrivaled by any performance this year. In these scenes, he and the film show what they're really made of. 
very_good 8 Mile has an authentic feel that transcends the phenomenon of Eminem; this is a realistic story about a guy trying to use music to escape a dead-end life. 
good We've seen these character types before, but through the lens of Curtis Hanson, we suffer, carouse and dream right along with them. 
best A brilliant, engaging examination of people who dream of escape. 
fair If the part is not much of a mental or emotional stretch for him, [Eminem] acquits himself well enough for me to want to see him in other films. 
good Fittingly, avid Eminen enthusiasts and other targeted moviegoers will gleefully run this 8 Mile race and enjoy the antics of a misunderstood foul-mouthed rapping icon with layers of complexity 
good Believe it or not folks, this is the feel good movie of the year! 
good Can Eminem act? Yes, I am happy to report. 
bad Even a rapper needs to punch things up a bit, and 8 Mile, for all its hip-hop braggadocio, is a pretty weak riff. 
good In many ways, the movie is just one big cliche, but Hanson's style gives it more weight and heft than it might otherwise have. 
very_good Curtis Hanson knew exactly what he was doing when he made 8 Mile. 
good Who wastes time watching Tiger Woods/When real action comes from the boyz in the hoods? 
very_good Certainly the best first film ever by a musician crossing over to the acting world. 
very_bad So paper thin that the former 'king of controversy' was able to cram the entire plot into one little crossover rap song that's currently playing at a radio station near you. 
very_good Packs as much humor, hard truth and vitality as the rapper's LPs. 
bad A by-the-numbers storyline, complete with character actions that don't make a lick of sense because of how underdeveloped they are. 
very_good Eminem steals the picture from a cast with snap down to the smallest parts. 
good 8 Mile proves to be a bumpy, but entertaining ride. 
bad What's most disappointing is the thoroughly cliched story. 
very_bad Underwhelming. 
fair Eminem, much to the dismay of his detractors, turns in a rather fine performance in 8 Mile, a flawed film that still manages to make a powerful point. 
fair Both in film and music, he tantalizes us with autobiographical detail while dazzling us with wit, grit, insight, profane humor and mind-boggling wordplay. 
good The triumph here is that Hanson and screenwriter Scott Silver have found a fresh way to tell this story. 
fair Funny, well-acted and surprisingly engaging. 
fair Unfortunately, 8 Mile does waste a lot of time dawdling over just about everything else ... until it finally begins to sputter at about the 6 mile mark. 
fair Is Eminem a movie star? Only when he raps. 
bad Pop-music biopics have a great history, but 8 Mile is for Eminem fans only. 
good [8 Mile is] more funny than foul, more inspiring than infuriating, more touching than not. In many ways, 8 Mile is a Rocky-like tale of determination and long odds that will appeal even to those who are turned off by most rap. 
good Thanks to Eminem and the rising rap momentum, 8 Mile is engrossing. 
very_good The film is emotionally charged, almost naturally so, with Hanson's direction stressing the pop rapture that music can provide in a world that's dirty and ugly. 
good Eminem delivers a performance of considerable passion and depth. 
bad 8 Mile is worth a look if only to watch Eminem on the big screen. Even when a film's a bit lame, it's always fun to be there when a star is being born. 
very_good 8 Mile is among the best studio films of the year 2002. 
good What makes 8 Mile transcend the formulaic nature of its plot is the way it makes these rap competitions compelling even for those unfamiliar with rap music, and its scrupulous, loving rendition of a grim, wintry Detroit circa 1995. 
good For all its grit, 8 Mile ends up radiating a joyful, hopeful vibe. It's an old-school charmer. 
very_good 8 Mile has the pop star of the moment, Eminem, and a hip-hop soundtrack that's as current as it is contagious, but, at its core, the movie's spirit is as old-school as it comes. 
fair Merely a solid, conventional drama, because it ultimately loses sight of one very important fact: Eminem is at his best when he's making people angry, not when he's asking for their sympathy. 
good It's raw, it's intense and it's very engrossing. 
bad [Eminem] goes the mile demanded of him and he emerges a certified winner this time out. 
very_good Some movies, a very few, possess the purity of myth, and they don't have to be great to be greatly important. The Wild One is an example; Saturday Night Fever is another. Now add 8 Mile to that short list. 
best Like the recently released 'Welcome to Collinwood' from Cleveland's Russo brothers, Curtis Hanson's '8 Mile' brings affection and honesty in equal measure to its tale of impoverished middle-Americans determined to get a better life -- on their own terms. 
good Say what you will about him as a person, but as a performing artist Marshall Mathers (a k a Eminem) has talent to spare. And one more thing -- his acting's not too bad, either. 
good Making the city look grimy and lonely, dark and wasted but still alive with people who care, the film gets you rooting for the guys who want to make 'Mo' (short for Motown) a major player. 
good We are hardly started in 8 Mile, and already we see that this movie stands aside from routine debut films by pop stars ... Like Prince's Purple Rain, it is the real thing. 
good 8 Mile continues the director's visual tour of America's underbelly that heated up with L.A. Confidential and continued with the Pittsburgh of Wonder Boys. 
good Rapper Eminem's film debut is far better than you'd think -- and a pure demonstration of the power of charisma. 
very_good After just a few years in the spotlight, Eminem has accomplished something Elvis, Madonna, Michael and Mariah have not: He's made a great movie. 
fair Is it worth a look? Sure. Is it begging to be parodied? Without a doubt...somebody alert the Wayans. 
good Say what you want about Eminem, but the guy has passion and a gift with words - the finale at the battle simply rocks the house. 
good Eminem wipes away his hubris, revealing a trembling, self-doubting kid on the way up. 
very_bad All this hoopla about Eminem's so great, is it any more of a stretch than Prince in "Purple Rain" or Babs in "A Star is Born" or Woody in any movie where he's having an affair with a younger woman? 
good 8 Mile should satisfy Eminem's legion of fans and, at the same time, affirms rap's power as an artform, as real beat poetry, for the uninitiated -- and even for the actively resistant. 
good Reactions to 8 Mile may be tempered by predispositions for or against the rapper, but the film cannot be faulted for lack of trying and may seduce skeptics with its energy and tone. 
good Eminem comes across as very genuine. It is his charisma, and his music, that make 8 Mile worth seeing. 
very_good If Juice gave you an appreciation for spinning vinyl, 8 Mile will put you in awe of the art of rhyme. 
fair What's pretty amazing here is that Hanson has managed to take Scott Silver's lameass script and mediocre acting and turn it into something special. 
good Backed by a smart story that avoids easy answers and pat endings, the rapper may be in line for some real acting recognition. 
good Set in Detroit's 8 Mile, the dividing line between the city limits and the northern suburbs, 8 Mile is an exciting, well-crafted movie, loaded with urban atmosphere. 
fair You have to question the time and care you want to invest in a character whose goal is to excel at insults 
good The way this movie is made, the way this story is told, this is what is meant by the phrase "keepin' it real." 
fair Wounded and enigmatic, Eminem is a worthy focus. 
very_good `8 Mile'...doesn't justify the hateful violence in Eminem's lyrics, but it does help you understand where that rage comes from. 
very_good Even if...your idea of (w)rapping has more to do with leftover bologna than improvisational street slang, 8 Mile still goes the distance. 
very_bad In the singers-who-can't-act sweepstakes, Britney Spears (Crossroads) is still on top, edging out Eminem, who is about on par with Mariah Carey (Glitter). 
bad As the center of the movie's universe, Eminem is seriously lacking any sort of gravity that can hold the pieces together. It's no wonder, then, that 8 Mile falls apart. 
best Qualifies as a cinematic event by tapping into the roots of Eminem and the fury and feeling that inform his rap. 
best A movie that will satisfy hip-hop and Eminem fans in ways they never expected; even more significantly, it will touch people who thought they hated hip-hop and/or Eminem in ways they would have never expected. 
fair Eminem kept his cool, and his new movie was straight dope. 
bad By its crowd-pleasing finale, 8 Mile is well on its way to becoming redundant at best and facile at worst. 
bad As a vanity project, the film is more tolerable than Purple Rain but it's every bit as obvious and redundant. 
good Eminem's performance as the struggling actor is very impressive. 
bad I would imagine most of the exaggerated praise Mile has received is in direct correlation to the stupid pictures most rap-rock-pop stars have made in vain attempts to become movie stars. 
fair The pleasant surprise of 8 Mile is that, despite the conventional structure of Scott Silver's script, Curtis Hanson hasn't made a film about Rabbit transcending his underclass roots, but embracing them instead. 
fair Eminem gives a sincere, heartfelt, genuine performance as rapper Jimmy Smith (Rabbit) in the Detroit hood. 
very_good The documentary is effective, though at times it's a challenge to watch. 
good The documentary tends to focus more on Dallaire's plight than that of the massacred Rwandans, but it remains a powerful testament. 
very_good An overpowering film that will leave viewers shaken and ashamed. 
bad A flat-lined, pedestrian affair, a talking-heads/ touring-heads piece that seems to point the camera in the wrong direction. 
good Gut-wrenching, incredibly moving, and informative about a man who still suffers and a country that still mourns. 
good A tragic reminder of how that overused epithet, 'Never again', makes hypocrites of us all. 
bad We never get a satisfying re-creation of the events for which Dallaire now suffers. 
very_good Offers a rare and privileged portrait of a heroic man profoundly troubled by a terrible experience. 
good Terrible to watch. And that's exactly why it needs to be seen. 
good [It] will leave you speechless. 
good The filmmakers follow this compassionate and articulate man as returns to Rwanda a decade later to revisit his demons. 
good Shake Hands With the Devil gives us the flip side [of Hotel Rwanda]. 
good Dallaire is not only the protagonist of Shake Hands, he is a compelling reason to see it. 
good Dallaire's horrifying memoir casts the sudden, savage murder of 800,000 Rwandans as a foreseeable event that could have been easily prevented had any country in the international community cared to even try. 
good His story is worth telling, and worth remembering for what it tells us about the West's brutal disinterest in Africa, and the United Nations' inability to do even its most basic job of keeping the peace. 
good Dellaire's final bit of self-abuse is to blame himself for his failure to shame the world to action. 
best Wrenching on both personal and political levels. 
very_good Peter Raymont's film is a respectful portrait of Romeo Dallaire, the Canadian commander of the United Nations peacekeeping force in Rwanda in 1994. 
very_good Romeo Dallaire seems to be the only human in the world with a conscience. That it's eating him alive makes Shake Hands required viewing, perhaps even at the UN. 
best It gives us a man who could have stopped the carnage -- 800,000 murdered in 100 days -- but whose hands were bound at the highest level. He knows this, it haunts him, and if it doesn't shame you, it should. 
good Extols the power of truth over fiction. 
good It's a highly moving film and also an angry one. 
good Like Dallaire's bestselling autobiography, which provides the movie's basis, the film is part therapeutic personal exorcism and part passionate humanitarian indictment. 
bad Dallaire's tragic story is a fascinating chapter in a sad history. 
good It's not just a good story, it's a good story well told. 
good The film is both dramatically viable and instructive. Yes, we learn about science, but perhaps more important, we also learn about standing your ground no matter what challenges you face. 
very_bad ...there is so little new or innovative about it that if you're a normal moviegoer, you've seen it all before. 
terrible Rent Obsessed instead. That one you can at least laugh at. 
very_bad Too lazy, preposterous and inane to even be considered as a guilty pleasure. 
terrible Neither trashy nor self-consciously funny enough to make its genre-trapped ludicrousness sing. 
very_bad The movie takes a premise that might have served as the basis of a weepy romantic drama and turns it into something very different, but no less insulting. 
terrible When is a movie remake not a movie remake? When the filmmakers involved know what they've made is so wretched they don't dare admit it. The most oblivious MTV viewer won't miss the blatant plagiarism. 
terrible As ineffectual police work and broken feet stack up, the silliness gets out of hand. 
terrible Everything, including the ending, plays out exactly as you'd expect. 
terrible A silly, low-rent mash-up of Misery and Fatal Attraction, featuring neither the clever psychology of the former nor the layers of emasculation and consequence of the latter. 
very_bad You can tell where this is all going, and the familiarity wouldn't be so bad if this cast could have some fun with the cliches. Alas, these CW stars pout and frown and yell, while lumbering and plodding through the Stephen King/Rob Reiner playbook. 
terrible Teen thriller/romance is gory but ho-hum. Skip it. 
very_bad Homecoming is coldly efficient for what it is. But what it is is trash. 
very_bad Nothing in the film is truly, laughably bad, but then -- unlike this year's Obsessed -- nothing is campily entertaining, either. 
fair Pitched halfway between legitimately self-aware slasher camp and--shudder--a sincere relationship thriller, Homecoming hardly seems worth the hour-and-half effort at first. 
very_bad If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable. 
bad a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations 
bad It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know. 
very_bad It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character. 
terrible The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either. 
very_bad A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation. 
very_bad Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world. 
bad By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper. 
terrible Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey. 
very_bad It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating. 
terrible A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son. 
terrible After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved. 
very_bad While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental. 
bad But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look. 
terrible Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles. 
bad Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous. 
best A blessed reminder of just how good -- and how pointed -- British comedies can be. 
good Oh, such fun for older teens! 
very_good Casting Renee Zellweger as this British icon drew plenty of flak. But she proved impossible to not root for while flashing a sweet smile, bunching her body up in a "right-o, old chap" shoulder shrug and waddle-walking in unflattering panties and girdles. 
good Just seconds into Sharon Maguire's adaptation of Helen Fielding's beloved novel, it's hard to imagine that there was such controversy surrounding the casting of Renee Zellweger. 
very_bad Provides a few laughs but failed to make me care on which loves-me, loves-me-not petal this film ends. 
bad A cheerfully frothy romantic comedy that benefits from sharp writing, lively performances and touching characterisation. 
good Renee Zellweger, a born Texan, not only nails the most beloved woman of modern British fiction but embodies and owns her. 
very_good A ripping success. 
very_good Americans...will find Zellweger's newly acquired English accent believable enough to enjoy her comic performance. 
good Si las mujeres son de Venus, Bridget nos hace pensar en que deberiamos tener visado ilimitado para entrar en tierras venusinas con tal de hallar a alguien como ella. 
good Witty and sweet. 
good Zellweger, Grant and Firth keep Bridget chugging in a goofy, satisfying way. 
good Like Bridget Jones, this movie isn't perfect. Just note it in your diary as v.v.g. 
good Maguire must be commended for trying something different in an industry where old, tired formula rules the day, and Zellweger is charming even if her character...isn't. 
good A bad love life, and even worse underwear, has never looked so good. 
very_good Each facet is studied and turned into a joke for which there is no option but to laugh. 
bad What audiences found so endearing about this movie escapes me. 
bad Zellweger nails the part and carries the film. 
good Thoroughly enjoyable romantic comedy -- smart, saucy, brilliantly-cast, superbly acted and laugh-out loud funny with pleasing regularity. 
bad It's almost worth admission price to see Zellwegger be so open with the emotions of the character and with her own personal appearance. 
very_good [Zellweger] blasts through the self-pitying conventions of most romantic comedy to dig out a spirited, surprising, full-blooded woman. 
terrible Even though the leads are good, it's far from enough to make the film worth seeing, unless you wish to waste money and lose two hours of your life. 
good Yes, the movie adaptation is just fine, thank you. 
fair It did a good job balancing comedy and message. 
very_good And I thought romantic comedies had become stale. 
very_good Firth exudes a Ralph Fiennes-like smoldering charisma, taking a role that Fiennes himself would probably never stoop to accept. 
fair There are astute observations along the way, more than enough big laughs and, in Zellweger's capable hands, a terrific look at a singleton on the verge of a nervous breakdown. 
good Zellwegger uses a limitless reserve of humility and vulnerability to capture hearts. She's stunningly sympathetic. 
good Bridget Jones's Diary belongs to Bridget. It belongs to Renee Zellweger. 
bad ...never fully comes to comedic life, seldom reaches out emotionally, and provides few new insights into the perils of love and dating. 
very_good A hugely enjoyable film which will appeal to broken-hearted cynics and hopeless romantics alike. 
very_good Una de las propuestas mas frescas, ingeniosas y encantadoras en mucho, mucho tiempo 
good The film plays as efficient romantic comedy -- smarter than most, because of the absence of dumb sitcom conventions and the colourful character of Bridget. 
very_good ...a thoroughly enjoyable piece of work that everyone (yes, everyone) will admire. 
very_good Thanks to terrific performances and a willingness to mix romantic moments with ones of mortifying hilarity, this film rises far above its competition to become the year's first truly romantic comedy hit. 
very_good Renee is simply radiant here. 
bad It's all supposed to be very charming and funny. Or something. 
very_good Witty, warm adaptation of the post-feminst best-seller, and Renee Zellweger is sensational! 
good presents us with a completely flawed, yet utterly lovable heroine who is so fundamentally human that it is impossible not to identify with her 
very_good Not only that, but it is an adult comedy with no bathroom humor ... Hurray! 
good What a treat to see a movie starring a real character with real feelings, real problems and real-life issues. 
good It's Hugh Grant, cleverly cast against type as a scheming love rat, who steals the laurels. 
fair It is gloriously and tear-wellingly funny. 
very_good Funny, heartbreaking, inspiring and wonderful. 
very_good Balances laughs and heart while still retaining a touch of that rage against the "smug marrieds." 
good One of the most genuinely funny romances for some time. 
very_bad How can you celebrate a movie in which Zellweger doesn't soar but simply avoids disaster? 
good All power to Firth the actor. He's the compleat Darcy, and he never wavers. 
good Where the highly likable actress [Zellweger] proves most valuable is in making us adore this insecure, clumsy, contradictory creature. 
bad Surely Bridget herself would sniff at the film's soppy sentimentality. 
best Zips along at a laugh-a-minute pace and fully involves the viewer in Bridget's little slice of life. 
good Women here and abroad are going to laugh with her, cry with her, steam with her, frost with her and totally identify after this gloriously full, heartfelt, generous performance. 
bad Zellweger and Maguire do a fine job of making loneliness fun to watch. 
very_good A story like this can't work unless we feel unconditional affection for the heroine, and casting Zellweger achieves that. 
bad Both the character and the film are so charming that it's relatively easy to overlook their flaws. 
good This is Renee's film to make or break and she is looking forward to at least one nomination next year 
very_good The film's humor and sauce elevate it from the whining of self-absorbed, unattached women who populate too many books and films today. 
very_good A delicious piece of candy whose amusing package is scrawled with bons mots distantly inspired by Jane Austen. 
good Cheerful, cheeky entertainment. 
fair A pleasing, if somewhat bland, adaptation. 
very_good It's chock-full of delights. 
good Zellweger gives this Bridget Jones an absolutely empathetic familiarity that makes the movie feel like an entertaining anthem for the frustratingly forlorn. 
good For the most part, novice feature director Sharon Maguire manages to recapture the outrageous situations and the attitudes in the book. 
bad Badly miscast as the British heroine, Zellweger, in a monotonic performance, never gives us much reason to care. 
good Renee Zellwegger is irresistible as Bridget Jones. 
very_good Features one of the most endearing and believable characters to grace the screen this year. 
fair The story spins artfully up to the climax where it bumps like a firefighter hitting buttocks to floor 
very_good I like this picture--just the way it is. 
very_good Delivers frisky fun for bruised romantics regardless of age, sex or nationality. 
fair I'll go out on a limb here and predict Zellweger will win at least one People's Choice Award next year!! 
good Is it too early to talk about an Oscar nomination for Zellweger? 
good An entertaining documentary. 
very_bad made solely to sell Talkboys (and let's not forget the pink Talkgirls) to kids 
terrible Wasn't one of these bad enough? 
good Not better than the first part but funny. Pesci is great in both films. 
terrible Whatever steam Culkin gained in Home Alone was lost in this tepid sequel rehash. 
terrible So, so bad. 
terrible Money grubbing sequelitis at its most pathetic. 
bad ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses... 
very_good Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release. 
good Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular. 
very_good Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages. 
fair For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures. 
best It's a delight. 
very_bad Update on Poitier classic isn't as memorable. 
very_bad Here's a comedy premised on racial unease, and it's too timid to uncork actual racial humor. 
bad full review in Greek 
terrible A rule: any time you see the movie's stars racing in go-karts, it's because the script ran out of funny things to do. 
good the movie is little more than an interracial riff on Meet the Parents, but it's consistently funny, and it's enough of a riff to make it feel fresh. 
bad Kutcher does a good job of reigning in his likeable idiot persona from That 70s Show and Dude, Where's My Car? to the point where you almost - but not quite - buy him as a high-flying stockbroker type. 
very_bad The laughs are few and far between. 
good 'If there was any doubt that Bernie Mac is a movie star, "Guess Who" erases it.' 
good I laughed at the interplay and think anyone should enjoy this fun film. 
bad If you never even begin to compare this film to the classic that inspired it ... then it's a perfectly enjoyable bit of fluffy farce. 
good The film does pop off some huge belly laughs before the formula gets the better of it. 
very_bad There are moments when it seems Kutcher might look right into the camera and say, 'Ready to see me walk right into another impossibly stupid faux pas?' 
fair its treatment of race resides comfortably at the sitcom level, where it's safe to laugh about difference and then console ourselves with eventual inclusiveness 
fair Mac and Kutcher have proved themselves better comics than actors, but both give charming, subtle performances here. 
bad Had Mac and Kutcher not had such great chemistry together, this wouldn't have worked... 
fair Guess Who is a movie that plays the race card for gentle laughs ... 
good Well, guess what? "Guess Who" isn't a remake...at least, not of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner." It's more like "Meet the Fockers" with themes about bigotry and honesty. 
bad A creative misstep that will likely pay off commercially. 
terrible The absolute lack of cultural identity on the part of any of the characters -- black or white -- is what left me with a bad aftertaste. 
bad The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that even today, the most memorable battles have two fronts. And they usually don't involve a man wearing a woman's underwear. 
terrible There are some weak stabs at deriving humor from the white guy trying to fit into the black family... More often, [it's] of the "suspicious dad/nervous boyfriend" variety. 
bad A respectable enough comedy. 
good Surpasses expectation. 
good I don't think Guess Who is a very good movie about its subject...but it works pretty well as a piece of light entertainment. 
bad [The] interracial intimacy is so lightweight, dismissive, and flat that this toothless comedy loses its edginess...turns into another arbitrary salt-and-pepper buddy romp 
very_bad Guess what - it's bad! 
bad Light and fluffy, Guess Who is a mildly entertaining movie that could have been more had its makers been a little braver. 
very_bad The makers of Guess Who appear to have given more thought to targeting an audience than building a believable movie. 
fair Guess Who doesn't play the race card nearly enough 
fair Guess Who owes more to Meet the Parents than it does Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. 
bad Let's just say that, on the charge of comedic intentions, the cinematic jury is still out. 
fair Rather than being like Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, this is more like Meet the Parents, and the Parents are Black. 
very_bad The absence of chemistry between both couples is enough to make you seriously consider leaving before dessert. 
very_bad Theresa has neglected to tell said parents that Simon is just about the whitest boy alive, an omission that causes what passes for comedy to occur when her dad finds out. 
bad Defying the sitcom flippancy imposed upon it, Guess Who lurches into moments of relevance. 
bad There's some flavor, but it tastes more like cola-scented water than actual Coke. 
fair Mostly works on all the levels it aspires to, and it evolves with an easy rhythm that's primarily driven by its likable stars. 
bad Guess what? It's almost bearable. 
good Though a light comedy, director Kevin Rodney Sullivan keeps the acting values authentic and consistent. 
bad Guess what? The new film's social commentary is as tame as its comedy. 
bad The comic chemistry between Mac and Kutcher is strong enough to withstand the miscues and to sell the film's stronger humor. 
bad A better question might be, why bother? 
very_bad There is no comedy without conflict, and conflict only plays funny when it's a fair fight. The writers and director didn't do Mac any favors in letting him play a guy who doesn't recognize his own blind spots, and comically wrestle with them. 
fair the radiant chemistry between Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher keeps the movie afloat 
bad A funny, if sometimes uneven (and uncomfortable) comedy. 
very_bad Guess Who uses two-fifths of the title and gives us one-tenth the entertainment value. 
terrible There's never a question how things will turn out. (If you don't know: Recent Hollywood movies about interracial romance usually turn out well if the guy is white and almost always end tragically if he's black.) 
very_bad This movie is far too timid to show that relationship beyond a few discreet kisses between Kutcher and Saldana. 
bad A disappointing retread of a bunch of better movies. 
good Not afraid to draw real blood, both on the ethnic clash and, perhaps more unusual for a studio romantic comedy these days, relationship fronts. 
fair The movie plays it disappointingly safe, having the two men settle their differences on a go-kart race track, then bond over a bottle of vodka in time for the touchy-feely, song-and-dance finale. 
fair If it falls betwixt and between hilarious and meaningful, consider that a testament to where we are as a culture on this topic: able to laugh at the jokes and still vulnerable to our fears. 
bad At heart, this is just another rehash of Meet the Parents. 
bad It's not an unpleasant movie, just a confused, sometimes frustrating one. 
bad It is, in a real sense, a more honest film than its precursor. 
good Director Kevin Rodney Sullivan and writers David Ronn, Jay Scherick and Peter Tolan seed the comedy with reminders that ebony and ivory won't be livin' in perfect harmony, especially if they let the outside world interfere with them. 
good Guess Who works efficiently on its chosen level. 
fair If you're looking for a meaningful consideration of the intricacies that come with introducing your white boyfriend to your black family, you're probably eating nachos at the wrong multiplex. 
good One of the things that makes this film much better than it has any right to be is the enormous talent of Bernie Mac. 
fair Guess Who improves in the second half, when director Kevin Rodney Sullivan stops trying to remake other movies and concentrates on the Simon/Percy relationship. 
fair A warm movie that's well cast and funny enough as it works through passive-aggressiveness to aggressive-aggressiveness and finally the acceptance of family. 
bad What this film lacks, in addition to a funny script, are pace and logic. Even though Kutcher is good, I squirmed a lot and looked at my watch a lot. 
fair I'm not ashamed to say that Ashton Kutcher made me laugh in Guess Who. OK, maybe I'm a little ashamed. But it was so unexpected I couldn't help myself. 
bad Romantic fantasies of idealized materialism that have been marketed to white viewers for decades are now being peddled to upwardly mobile African-Americans. Is this progress? 
bad The characters briefly mention problems an interracial couple still face today, but that's as far as it goes. 
fair Ashton Kutcher and Bernie Mac prove that they are much funnier than their last movies. Both have loads of charm and impeccable comedic timing. 
bad Mac comes close to single-handedly saving 'Guess Who' from its own cliches. 
fair Light on its feet while being sly about how it dances around the social issue at hand. 
bad Modernized take on a classic has a few laughs -- and, more importantly, a heart in the right place. 
fair After the halfway point, Kutcher and Mac become a better comic team, start to play off each other, and make you laugh until the end. 
bad It's easy on the intellect and the attention span. 
fair ...it's the ingratiating performances that keep Guess Who at a level of pleasant diversion, despite an overlong running time... 
good Bernie Mac has a natural delivery and can work a punchline like nobody's business. 
fair Taken on its own, separate from its original source material, it's an enjoyable film, boosted by Mac's down-home humor and leavened by some actual acting on the part of Kutcher and Saldana. 
very_bad This feeble comedy ranks about an 11 on the yawn-o-meter. 
very_bad It says something about the timidity of the corporate-dominated entertainment industry that a contemporary film lacks the audacity of a 30-year-old sitcom. 
very_bad This loose, pointless remake of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner at least suggests that American racial attitudes have relaxed since 1967. 
good What's not to like about a movie that concludes that although race can divide people, love can unite them? 
bad A bland, awkward, occasionally amusing comedy 
terrible Serves up such flat dialogue and stilted situations that it's hard to sit through. 
bad Twenty minutes in, we know where the movie is going and, as a result, it loses momentum in the final half-hour. 
fair When so few comedies these days are actually funny, Guess Who is an entertaining and diverting way to spend 105 minutes for audiences starved for laughs. 
very_bad One long race joke, the most overextended and least risible of the year. 
good It's been a long time since the words 'Ashton Kutcher' and 'hilarious' have appeared in the same sentence, but they'll have to get reacquainted. Kutcher and costar Bernie Mac make a terrific comic team. 
good Sad though it is to say, it's not often that a romantic comedy comes along that succeeds in actually being both romantic and comedic. When those things happen, it's easy to forgive minor flaws. 
bad I'm not opposed to drawing from the well of movies past. But to remake one with such a dated and specific point of view, one that relies on the interracial relationship as hot button, is both lazy and uncomfortably nostalgic. 
fair Wait a sec, are those sirens? *BAD IDEA POLICE HERE, PULL OVER! 
very_bad Forgoes its predecessor's moralizing in favor of Meet the Parents-style conflict. 
good Just as Meet the Parents begat Meet the Fockers, if Guess Who turns out to be a hit, expect a sequel, Meet the Honkies, somewhere down the line. 
fair After setting the stage with insultingly shopworn plot contrivances, Guess Who finds its comedy footing by playfully dancing along the edge of political incorrectness. 
bad Mac is consistently funny and likeable, but the same can't be said for the rest of the cast. Without him, the movie would have been pretty much unwatchable. 
fair It offers a few solid laughs and will provoke some smiles, but there's too much of a tendency to go for obvious, largely unfunny humor when something more subtle would have satisfied. 
fair ...I found myself laughing pretty consistently the whole way through... 
bad 1st third is sharp, funny, well edited & directed. But, contrivances accumulate one after the other. 
fair The jokes may be weak, but the social context the gags broadcast with them comes in surprisingly strong. 
good Solid WWII drama with two can't-miss stars. 
good Watch Run Silent, Run Deep. Then watch K:19. Then complain that "They don't make 'em like they used to." 
very_good ...an exceptional thriller that's consistently elevated by the uniformly superb performances and Tom Tykwer's subdued yet stylish directorial choices. 
good Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a chunky paperback thriller that gets you through a week-long holiday. 
fair The International packs handsome leads and exotic scenery - so why doesn't the film click with audiences like it should? 
bad Tykwer demonstra conhecer as convencoes basicas do genero espionagem ao trazer uma atmosfera de intriga internacional a narrativa. 
bad [Plays] itself as a mystery/thriller with something profound to say at the end, when we've pretty much heard a lot of this already. 
good See it for Owen's trademarked thinking cap and glower, the Guggenheim, the score, and the smugness of knowing first-hand that banks are actually much, much stupider than any movie could ever predict. Check it out, it's a fun time. 
fair As far as stimulus packages go, The International fizzles. 
fair It's helpful to keep in mind that any movie about the evils of corporate culture that's backed by a Hollywood studio has an inescapable identity crisis. 
very_bad Emfanos aposteiromenos gia to proto toy taksidi sto Hollywood, o Tom Tykwer afinei ton Frank Griebe, ton fotografo toy ap' tin epohi toy Trekse, Lola, Trekse (1998), na bgalei oli ti doyleia 
bad A world-weary Clive Owen takes on a powerful and corrupt bank in a tough but ultimately tedious - game of cat and mouse that ranges across Europe and North America 
very_bad ...all the excitement of a corporate report combined with the liveliness of a stuffed animal. 
fair If you're going to make a movie about homicidal bankers, you don't get extra dividends for exaggerated body counts. 
fair The film offers a classic example of a screenwriter boxing himself in a narrative corner from which there is no escape. 
fair Tom Tykwer's thriller shrewdly introduces Lou (Clive Owen) as he observes rather than acts. 
bad The International is being presented as a "thriller for our times", but it's too far-fetched to be relevant. Still, it's an enjoyable yarn. 
bad The pacing could be a bit faster and the script could be a little less obvious but this is overall well worth a look. 
bad The International is far from being a Bourne or a Bond but it does pass muster for a Saturday night at the movies. Just. 
bad The plot is heavy going at times and the interrogation scenes are a tad dull, while the dialogue is often just ludicrous. 
bad I only wish that the final story was as strong as that initial concept. 
bad There are dashes of style here and there that almost threaten to make the movie halfway worthwhile. 
fair If he has trouble making his characters very interesting, Tykwer comes into his own in staging the action. 
bad As frustrating as the story's shallowness is, this shortcoming is very nearly negated by the sheer physical pleasure of the production. 
bad Eventually, you just let the tangled double-crossing take care of itself and enjoy the way the film defiantly bucks the contemporary thriller trend for shaky-cam coverage and lightning cuts. 
bad After a promising start, The International is an increasingly disappointing experience. Hampered by a weak script which peaks far too early, all that's left in the finale is a steely performance from Clive Owen. Mildly entertaining at best. 
bad This satisfyingly cynical dig at the world of high finance should please anyone with a taste for paranoid political thrillers. 
bad Clive Owen may have lost the chance of playing 007, but he can still carry off an action movie, and proves it in this smart and handsomely made corporate conspiracy thriller from German director Tom Tykwer and first-time screenwriter Eric Singer. 
good Like a well-oiled thriller machine where bankers are bad guys, this is a guilty, guilty pleasure indeed. 
very_bad Uninspired and inconsequential, The International provides less thrills than a meeting with your local bank manager to discuss interest rates. 
bad The film-makers are predictably making much of the allegedly prophetic nature of their bankers-as-villains storyline. Nice try. At its heart, The International is just another tale of a flawed idealist tangling with faceless corporate evil. 
bad After the critical and commercial success of the Bourne series, thriller-makers really have to raise their game...and this doesn't do the business, save for a couple of brilliant shoot-out setpieces. 
bad Leaving behind the aromatic fantasy of Perfume, Tom Tykwer weighs in with a tense and exhilarating entry into the spy genre. This is an espionage thriller well worth investing in. 
very_good It deserves to be a major hit. 
very_bad For all its serious intent, Tykwer's 'relevant' thriller proves to be perilously naff. 
bad If the rest of the picture had been as thrilling and action packed and the characters a touch more original, the opaque but charismatic Owen and the achingly transparent Watts could be embarking on a series of movies to rival the Bourne franchise. 
bad As an action thriller The International might well lack the full-on fight scenes of a Bourne movie, but it is a smart and sophisticated globetrotting thriller with just the right villain for these troubled times. 
bad Paranoia abounds in this slick but stodgy drama recalling the conspiracy thrillers so beloved of 1970s cinemagoers. 
bad Message to Clive Owen: Daniel Craig filled the James Bond vacancy a while back and is doing a great job, so you really should stop auditioning for the role. 
bad It's reasonably efficient, passably entertaining, and strenuously playing catch-up with the Bourne movies: flat-footed Owen doesn't look as good as Matt Damon sprinting through city streets, and the editing doesn't match Paul Greengrass's whiplash pace. 
bad Overlong and underwritten, this corporate-noir thriller is propelled by its gleaming good looks. 
bad The title of the sleekly professional The International sounds off-puttingly more like a corporate hotel than a thriller and the first half proves just as blandly businesslike. 
bad Though The International starts decently enough, its flailing action set-pieces and dialogue such as "sometimes a man can meet his destiny on the road he took to avoid it" drag it down to a very pedestrian level. 
very_bad The International would love to be the new Michael Clayton but it's nowhere near smart enough. It also fancies its chances as the new Taken but it just doesn't have the guts. 
bad As a thriller this raises the stakes high enough for us to invest our time and as brainy entertainment, is definitely one you can bank on. 
bad The film seems to unfurl at a pace that by modern standards could be described as leisurely, and yet that works in its favour, even though it also allows us more time to contemplate some of the script's more implausible elements. 
good The whole indeed proves to be greater than the parts thanks to Tykwer's direction. 
fair An action flick with smarts, but that's not to say the brain and the brawn always coexist easily. 
good Now that "banker" is a term of abuse, more offensive than any word it rhymes with, Tom Tykwer's film is extremely timely. It has the hard-edged efficiency of The Odessa File - and a sequel would be most welcome. 
good The International has its fair share of dodgy moments, but these are more than compensated for by an amusingly topical plot, some stunning photography and a thrilling shoot-out sequence. 
bad The film goes off to a sort of sluggish start, and its ending just goes on and on. But in the middle is one of the most astonishingly awesome action sequences in recent cinematic history. 
fair a relatively engaging, if not terribly convincing, variant on the evil corporation thriller 
good Despite a preposterous shootout at the Guggenheim and the puzzling presence of an unneeded Naomi Watts, Clive Owen carries this ultimately action-filled thriller. 
bad A bankrupt thriller. 
bad After a gripping opening scene, The International often shudders to a halt trying to explain its convoluted plot. 
bad This international conspiracy thriller is like a Robert Ludlum movie without Paul Greengrass 
fair There is considerable satisfaction in seeing these tyrants of high finance live up to their image as the new villains of modern cinema, but even more satisfying are Tykwer's superbly staged action set pieces. 
fair At a time when the global financial crisis is being blamed, to a large extent, on the banking industry I suppose it's only to be expected that a bank will become the villain of a movie thriller. 
good Unlike many recent thrillers, it's not disposable. Days after seeing it, the film is still on my mind. 
terrible an exact replica of The Interpreter in every way that counts and is, therefore, completely, immanently, blessedly forgettable. 
good The whole point of a nefarious institution is that it doesn't have to get its hands dirty. Who needs assassins when you have lobbyists? 
bad Frenetic and far-fetched, it's an intense, often incoherent indictment of insidious capitalism. 
bad Bankers have replaced lawyers in the hate chain, at least that is the premise of this movie 
terrible Clive Owen and Naomi Watts wasted in overly-ambitious, over-plotted potboiler. 
good Slow and preposterous but intriguing and engaging as well. 
bad Engaging enough thriller if you don't stop to think about it. 
terrible The story is bland. The performances are bland. There was nowhere for the plot to go and nowhere for this review to go. The end. Roll credits. 
fair Having made a bank their villain %u2014 a bank, mind you, not a banker %u2014 director Tom Tykwer and his screenwriters have pretty firmly captured the zeitgeist. 
very_bad The International is so confusing I would rather stand in a long bank line than have to watch it again. 
good Even without that extended thrashing of the Guggenheim, The International is more fun than its 'really, you're going after a bank?' trailer suggests. 
fair Realized by Tykwer as a convoluted roman a clef that, without much heart, seems to have been pumped up with action scenes. 
very_bad Considering the nation's top banking CEOs were just paraded across the small screen in a C-SPAN perp walk, they hardly look like invincible super villains. Evil? Maybe. Powerful. Not really. 
very_bad A film that squanders a golden opportunity to make money on the current economic meltdown. 
good It's the basic recipe for a 1970s paranoid thriller throwback: spies, a vast conspiracy and a smart hero thwarted at every turn by a plot that's bigger than he could possibly imagine. 
good The International won't go down as an action thriller for the record books, but it's a pretty good one for right now. First of all, the villain is a bank. How's that for timing? 
bad A stylish but standard thriller centered on an international bank's malfeasance, The International fails to resonate even on a bank-hating level. 
fair The International possesses the look and feel of a thriller, but not the heart or soul of one. 
fair Perhaps it's best not to think so much and simply be swept along -- by Clive Owen, Naomi Watts and Armin Mueller-Stahl. 
very_bad One of those movies sponsored by an international conglomerate that lectures us about how all international conglomerates are corrupt. 
fair Beautifully shot, often in or against some of the world's most impressive architecture, The International is far from a total loss. It's just a film whose good assets don't pay off in gripping drama. 
fair Despite the torn-from-the-headlines subject matter, The International feels generic. 
fair Mercifully free of car chases but packed with other adrenaline injections -- including a couple of life-and-death foot races for Clive Owen -- The International is a classy, old-school thriller. 
bad The movie has crisp style and kinetic flair, but some of its flaws are too central for technical invention to dispel. 
bad This seemingly surefire recipe for box-office success is squandered on a thriller that, quite simply, forgets to be thrilling. 
fair The International isn't top-form Tykwer, but it's handsome and adamant, and now's as good a time as any for some out-of-control greedy-banker-bashing. 
good The International is a sleek, engaging example of a peculiar form of escapist entertainment, a favorite, in fact: It's a thriller that eases us away from our present worries without fully erasing a resonance with life beyond the multiplex. 
fair Apart from the episode in the Guggenheim, the action in The International is distant and overcalculated. 
fair Some thrillers settle into a rut of adequacy, rarely spiking above or below the baseline. Not The International. Director Tom Tykwer's new picture is all over the place, geographically and in terms of audience satisfaction. 
very_good Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim Museum in New York gets its props.... Not since Matthew Barney's Cremaster Cycle has the Upper East Side landmark hosted such violence. 
very_bad There are a number of reasons why this thriller fails to thrill, beginning with Eric Warren Singer's script. 
good It has some superb action set-pieces and some surprising character depths, and it's possible to lose oneself in the moment and come away entertained. 
fair More intriguing than the action is Tykwer's use of architecture; his characters are dwarfed by looming towers of cold steel and glass, which says more about the apparent hopelessness of their quest for justice than any of the machinations of the plot. 
good The International is one of the better films of 2009 so far and contains an action scene that is worth the price of admission. 
very_bad The International isn't pitching itself at Jack Ryan territory, but weirdly, at The Da Vinci Code. 
good With its investigation (and a few expertly conceived action set pieces), The International builds a compelling case. 
fair Impossible to follow the plot but easy to appreciate the thrilling shootout at the Guggenheim. 
good Smart, tense and effective ... an intelligent conspiracy thriller that takes its time setting things up, but delivers one of the most impressive set pieces of the year. 
bad A globe-hopping suspense thriller with bankers as the villains. 
bad The International, a sleek travelogue thriller, at least flirts with timeliness, winking at an angry and anxious public mood. 
bad The International plays less like a modern action thriller and more like a conspiracy-minded '70s flick -- think Three Days of the Condor or The Parallax View. 
bad Calculating and distant, as if instead of a movie we're watching a monetary transaction between a filmmaker and his audience. 
fair The International starts out with a strong espionage vibe but is weakened when it strays into "action movie" territory. 
bad The film opens with style, promise & top notch cinematography/direction. Sadly, after an hour of intrigue, thrill, & chase, the script sharply strays from earlier smarts. 
very_bad The International feels like a message in search of a movie. 
bad The International could have turned out to be a prescient statement about our times instead of one that increasingly droops our eyelids just when it should be opening them. 
good Fantastic action, a brilliant cast and a sharp script tightly directed, The International's thrills and excitement are matched and heightened by its uncannily apropos timing. 
good traces its bloodline back to the paranoia peddlers of the 1970s 
very_bad It's got some effective moments and aspects, but the film goes in and out of plausibility, and its elements never manage to unify into a coherent whole. 
fair OK, it doesn't tell you much about the role of banks in the current economic free-fall. But if you want to know, it's a humdinger of a stimulus package. 
very_bad The International almost seems like a Monty Python spoof on spy-game thrillers in which the phrase 'secret agent' is constantly replaced by 'banker,' resulting in lines like, '...If I die, 100 other bankers take my place.' 
fair Despite the script's persistent focus on the link between terrorism and big business, The International feels naggingly generic. You've seen this movie before, if perhaps not quite so stylishly directed. 
bad As smartly as it begins, the film nearly completely unravels around the 70-minute mark. 
bad Everything about it is good-looking, tautly paced and sophisticated; what it isn't, unfortunately, is memorable. 
fair Where Run Lola Run was like a perpetual-motion machine, The International seems to forever be stopping in its own tracks. 
fair The International is a film I liked enough that I wished I liked it better. 
fair It's a well-made and handsome drama centering on a powerful and corrupt European bank with ties to arms dealers. 
bad A lot like the global economic crisis -- muddled and grim. 
fair Swift investigations alter with elaborate set pieces in Milan and a staggering climax at the New York Guggenheim, a furious explosion of violence and excitement that ranks among the most exhilarating sequences I've seen in a long time. 
bad For every burst of energy or eye-catching visual, the film doubly shoots itself in the foot with listless pacing and dreary thematics. Ultimately, it isn't worth the effort to get to the good stuff. 
bad An action thriller with some decent action and a few thrills, but all embedded in a yarn so hopelessly tangled that even the loose threads have knots. 
bad The International is just passable; it's a clock-puncher that's almost entirely free of suspense or surprise. 
good A fairly good thriller with mixed-bag elements: preposterous plot, smartly elegant direction, one of the worst recent performances by a major actress, and a dynamite stick of an action scene that can stand close to the greats. 
bad The International impressively uses architecture as tone sculpture, primarily setting its action in the clean affluence of polished steel, clear glass and poured concrete modernism. Rarely does a thriller convey such an effortless stench of untouchability 
good I enjoyed The International. Clive Owen makes a semi-believable hero, not performing too many feats that are physically unlikely. 
good The pace is fast and the action, particularly a mind-boggling shoot-'em-up in the Guggenheim Museum, furious enough. But the less-conventional elements are in many ways even more effective. 
bad As if we need another reason to hate banks right now. 
very_good Taut conspiracy thriller is elevated above the ordinary thanks to Tom Tykwer's sharp direction and a typically rock solid performance by Clive Owen. 
bad [I]nternational bankers...trafficking in munitions and weapons systems in all the powder-keg regions of a troubled world. Is that a group you can love to hate or what? 
very_bad a convoluted film about a complicated subject 
good In terms of tension - pure, cinematic suspense - the picture is a knockout. 
bad Even classed up with Clive Owen and Naomi Watts, the story -- inspired by an actual late-'80s/early-'90s scandal -- seems slightly confused and dated. 
bad It's a film that, mad as it sometimes seems, gives you things to chew on. 
very_bad There's an extraordinary shoot-out at the Guggenheim Museum coming to theaters this week; unfortunately, you have to sit through The International to see it. 
bad Falls into the groove of a conventional action story -- albeit with some contemporary resonances. 
best L.A. Confidential is a movie bull's-eye: noir with an attitude, a thriller packing punches. It gives up its evil secrets with a smile. 
best At the center of the movie are three mismatched cops with separately fueled ambitions, ferociously played by Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce. Their combined charisma almost smashes through the screen. 
best L.A. Confidential isn't quite up there with Chinatown, but it's the closest thing to come down the Santa Monica Freeway in the last 23 years. 
best Spicy and boiling-hot, this sensational early-'50s crime drama is a morality play disguised as pulp fiction -- a sprawling saga of corruption and redemption set against a flashy West Coast backdrop. 
good While not reaching the twisted heights of the superbly sinister Chinatown, L.A. Confidential is smart, complex and engrossing. 
very_good L.A. Confidential is a satisfyingly plotted film with echoes of the 1974 classic Chinatown. 
best This superlative filming of James Ellroy's complex 1950s detective story by director Curtis Hanson fuses period authenticity, fluid direction and searing, full-blooded performances. 
best The genius of the film -- and it is a film of genius, without a doubt -- is that it holds an investigation into the human soul's capacity for evil, while somehow still managing to be funny, thrilling, lively, shocking and unremittingly entertaining. 
good A glamorous, alluring entertainment that revels in the artifice of Hollywood while exposing its corrupt heart, L.A. Confidential pays stylish homage to some of the great film noirs of the distant and recent past. 
best Writer-director Curtis Hanson's adaptation of the James Ellroy novel wasn't merely one of the two or three greatest movies of the 1990s; it stands as a masterpiece for the ages. 
good L.A. Confidential understands that men don't always respond to evil with good and that the question of whom society regards as heroes isn't always a clear cut as it seems. 
best A modern cinematic classic...the alchemical reaction of a director and a charmed collaboration of actors, writers, and design artists...[Blu-ray] 
very_good ...one of the most absorbing, compelling, most thoroughly enjoyable crime thrillers to have come along in the past decade. 
very_good Spacey's Vincennes is the standout in a just about flawless ensemble, and director Curtis Hanson keeps the hugely complicated story zooming along the boulevard of broken dreams without losing sight of the details that make the trip worthwhile. 
best Dizzying and powerful. 
very_good I dug it big-time, baby! 
best In doing away with manners, Hanson's hardboiled detective stories craft a more hard-hitting picture of the time than any filmmaker who worked in the 1950s could have dreamed 
good This police corruption thriller, based on a James Ellroy novel, drags in places and ultimately fails in its film noir genre, but it's tops in art direction and photography. 
good A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying. 
best Acted to perfection with more twists than you can shake a stick at. 
good It is an intriguing whodunit, but nothing really unpredictable. Good work by Pierce and Crowe, though. 
very_good It's dark stuff, all right. But it's good dark. 
best L.A. Confidential is the closest thing to a classic cop movie you could imagine, a throwback to a few decades ago. 
best It demands that the viewer pay attention, not assuming for one second that its audience may consist of dummies. That audience is rewarded with an environment oozing with atmosphere. 
very_good How good is "L.A. Confidential"? Kim Basinger gives a convincing performance - that's how good. 
fair A top-notch thriller, an intricate tale of corruption, lust and betrayal that thematically recalls vintage film noir while stylistically coming closer to Roman Polanski's Chinatown. 
best Pode parecer impossivel, mas ainda se pode fazer um otimo filme noir hoje em dia. 
very_good A rattling good police story and a dark, laughing tone poem to the never-innocent city of illusions. 
best Director Curtis Hanson's elegant film is faithful to Ellroy's multi-layered and labyrinthine book, requiring some concentration to keep up with the subtle plot twists and coded dialogue. 
best Destined to be one of the best, if not the best, of the year. 
best One of the best films of the year, an excellent film noir murder mystery brimming with style and atmosphere and topped off with fine acting. 
very_good Crooked cops. The mystery and allure of Hollywood in the '50s. Death, double-crossing, and secret alliances. Paparazzi waiting to get that one breakthrough picture. 
best L.A. Confidential is immersed in the atmosphere and lore of film noir, but it doesn't seem like a period picture--it believes its noir values and isn't just using them for decoration. 
best Hanson has directed a number of clever suspense films, but this one puts everything else he's done in the shade. L.A. Confidential is at the same time his most personal movie and Hollywood filmmaking at its best. 
very_good Take strong performances, an involved story and period atmosphere, then throw in sex, violence, corruption and politics to make one hell of a crime drama. 
best Speaking strictly on the record, and not at all hush-hush: Don't miss L.A. Confidential. 
best All of the characters are finely detailed and fascinating. Crowe and Pearce give exceptionally good performances. Their vibrant portrayals bring immediacy to their characters and actions. 
best this movie is such a satisfying whole 
best Every scene in the movie is good. 
good There are no surprises about who dies, but the ingenuity of the good cops and the director's perfect timing combine to produce the best scene in the movie. 
good It's a film that has substance and sweep to match its high sense of style. 
fair Kudos to director Curtis Hanson and co-screenwriter Brian Helgeland for whipping James Ellroy's seminal novel of 1950s Los Angeles police corruption and noir sexuality into recognizable shape for this distinguished film adaptation. 
best There wasn't a moment where I wasn't amazed, bowled over by its greatness. This film just shows that one can still do noir and make it non-Tarantino-esque. 
best Hanson cast two actors from Down Under, Crowe and Pearce, in the lead roles of Bud White and Ed Exley, respectively. This decision works wonders for the film; if it had had big name stars in the lead, the viewer would most possibly be distracted by this. 
very_good Admiration will likely extend for years to come. 
good Director Hanson's convoluted plot -- tracing the rise, fall, and redemption of L.A. cops played by Guy Pearce, Russell Crowe, Kevin Spacey, and James Cromwell -- is all over the map until its handy, bloody ending (body count > 25). 
best This is about one of the best crime dramas in years. 
very_good Brilliant, complex, cinematic noir-inspired cop drama L.A. Confidential an instant classic. 
very_good One of the best stories I have seen on the screen in a long time. 
best Hollywood moviemaking at its finest--a classy piece of entertainment made with equal parts passion, style, and fun. 
fair Pearce, Crowe and Spacey do solid work with solid characters. They're never boring, and never fascinating. 
good A solid, confident thriller. 
best The look of the film is terrific and is filled with period details. The clothes, the cars, sets and dialogue all weave together to form a great background tapestry to the story. 
bad Elaborate but ultimately pointless short film about the love between a lady salad and a male trout in the cold storage closet of a restaurant. 
best There's an unshakable confidence about this coming-of-age fable that matches that of its central character, Max Fischer. 
good Rushmore offers more than simply a series of high-grade yuks; it's a finely-judged parable on the line between self-delusion and reality. 
best Anderson fulfills the promise of his inventive Bottle Rocket with this quirky, often hilarious comedy, and Murray gives his most uproarious performance since the groundbreaking Groundhog Day. 
best Despite cute moments, nothing about Rushmore begs to be liked, which makes this modest comedy all the more satisfying. 
good Just when you expect the film to do something normal, it takes off like Murray -- riffing on reality as only he, and filmmaker Anderson, can. 
very_good It's somehow fitting that in this Maxcentric universe, Rushmore exists as a satirical comedy, full of dry wit and adolescent absurdities, and a bittersweet valentine to manipulative misfits who actually find the love they deserve. 
best There's a danger of overselling Anderson's sweet-hearted, loony little fantasy, but everything -- from the soundtrack of '60s Brit bands with their jangly anthems of angsty love to Robert Yeoman's slightly hyper-real photography -- fits perfectly. 
good Bill Murray -- playing a depressed millionaire -- steals every scene in this quirky, edgy and very funny tale of an outsider who just might end up leading all those who laugh at him. 
good Rushmore is accurate enough on the teen-angst front to make you wince, yet whimsical enough to make you want Max to win. 
best One of the freshest, richest, most original films to come out of Hollywood in a very long time. 
best Rushmore may have shades of J.D. Salinger's writing and Hal Ashby's movies, but Wes Anderson pulls humor from the trickiest of situations and always manages to surprise. 
bad Probably of more interest to adults than to teens. 
best Besides being a terrific film in its own right, seen today, Rushmore almost seems like a trailer for the films that have followed it. 
best To paraphrase Herman Blume, Rushmore is my Rushmore. 
best Moments of classic slapstick rubbing elbows with moments of painful candor. 
very_good Another quirky, hard-to-put-your-finger-on delight from the boys who brought us Bottle Rocket. 
good It's nice to see that there are still comedies out there that don't need to resort to gross-out humor for a laugh. 
very_good Anderson is unable to frame an uninteresting shot. 
best It's a better coming of age movie than anything John Hughes ever did. 
best Director Wes Anderson never lets the audience in as to whether he sees this story as humorous or pathetic. 
fair Something very special. 
best While Rushmore can be analyzed from many angles, I think it's most interesting as a daring and original character study. 
very_good ... Rushmore is no ordinary movie... 
very_good The viewer is never certain where director Wes Anderson will go with this story. 
very_good Rushmore is no ordinary movie. 
very_good The filmmaking itself is fresh and original; lots of fast-paced camera work, splashy colors and quirky angles. 
best Quirky and hilarious. Schwartzman is the best underdog since Cusack in BETTER OFF DEAD. Bill Murray gives the finest, funniest, and most deadpan performance of his career. 
good Rushmore is often touching without being too sappy and funny without being too obvious. 
best One of the best films of 1998, possibly one of the best American comedies since The Graduate or Annie Hall. 
very_good Rushmore [is] a delicious, twisted treat... it is unpredictable. 
good This is still a film not to be missed if you're tired of conventionality. 
fair ...the quirkiness seems a little forced, a little overdone. 
very_good One of the most original, good-hearted comedies in a long time, Rushmore is the sort of movie where the strangest sequences of discords somehow keep managing to reach giddily improbable resolutions. 
best With only his second film Anderson proves himself a director so in command of his medium he can ignore convention and make films his own way. 
very_bad The charm is a little too forced, the story barely believable, and its allure overly-calculated. 
best The music of life compressed into a ninety minute sonata. 
good Rushmore is a charming, unconventional film that reminds me of the cult favorite Harold and Maude. 
good Rushmore has a good deal of content and human qualities to spare, but what makes it such a charming and satisfying experience is its style. 
good Offbeat and off centre highschool movie with ascerbic one liners delivered by a superb cast. A real treat. 
very_good If you're tired of the usual movie -- I strongly recommend "Rushmore" 
bad Rushmore is certainly one of the most original films in years. It saddens me that it simply didn't speak to me. 
very_good Rushmore reeks with style and simply oozes charisma, from camera angles and composition to editing and a terrific soundtrack. 
very_good [Rushmore]... isn't a movie that's easy to pigeonhole... The movie is certainly funny, [but] it isn't that over-the-top. 
very_good It would be easy to think of Rushmore as simply a delightfully off-the- wall comedy, but there is so much more to savor. 
good Rushmore is a truly distinctive comedy. It never becomes the sort of film that will have you convulsing with laughter, but it certainly will keep you smiling the whole way through. 
very_good [T]his is no ordinary tale of a kid whose brain and ambition are outsized for his school. 
fair Off-kilter sweet and hopelessly romantic, with a dash of acne and a heaping of dark gray matter, is Rushmore, the new comedy from the director of 1996's offbeat Bottle Rocket. 
good Rushmore as a film exists out of time and place, locked into a vaguely Sixties-ish groove that's only heightened by Schwartzman's dank locks and Anderson's choice of a uniformly British Invasion soundtrack. 
best It's hard to qualify what's best about this unprepossessing gem -- the sly script, the laugh-out-loud gags and parodies or the peculiar, but charming, fantasylike atmosphere. Then there's the vintage '60s soundtrack... 
good Rushmore is a truly American film that deserves to be seen by many, many people. 
best There's a sweet humanity about the picture, though it's anything but sentimental. It's odd, definitely odd. 
very_good Quirky, unique, original in style, funny as heck, with some great performances put forth by the entire cast, this movie offers an extremely viable alternative to all of us who are sick and tired of watching the same old Hollywood comedies. 
very_good This film is the most disturbingly funny coming of age story since Harold met Maude. 
very_good A quirky delight -- it's a uniquely oddball comedy that's still about people. 
best Rushmore, as in life, is a mixture of comedy and drama, of surprises and inevitability, and most importantly, is purely human. 
very_good If you're tired of car chases, disasters and special effects, check out a movie about some oddball people. You'll be glad you did. 
best All this is done with a uniquely droll sense of humor. 
best ... the key to the film's memorable moments are the engaging characters. 
fair Rushmore is intended to be hip and funny, but it's not really either. 
fair [Rushmore is] structured like a comedy, but there are undertones of darker themes, and I almost wish they'd allowed the plot to lead them into those shadows. 
bad Rushmore is a film with a lot of promise. Unfortunately most of it gets wasted. 
terrible [Rushmore is] overblown with despicable and unfunny plot twists which create the illusion that audience members are seeing something worthwhile. 
terrible [It] could be fun, but it never seems to be. 
very_bad Merika empneysmena eyrimata (...) kai dyo entyposiakes ermineies, poy mporei na min arkoyn apo mones toys, alla kanoyn poly perissotera ap' osa tha perimenes gia na se kratisoyn ksypnio stoys halaroys rythmoys. 
very_bad Ensemble crime noir wannabe. 
very_bad Older teens may find something to cheer about. 
terrible If those are my choices, I'll go with 'nothing.' 
terrible Someone over at Universal figured that "cheerleaders = money," and that's basically how sequels get made these days. 
very_good Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed. 
good A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years. 
best Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice. 
bad On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance. 
best Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new. 
fair Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece. 
good It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog. 
bad Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence. 
best Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years. 
best The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something. 
bad With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing. 
very_good A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work. 
good One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed. 
good It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you. 
best For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss. 
good So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven. 
very_bad Colorless '50s remake is all suggestiveness and no depth. 
very_bad Padded and lifeless 
very_good Easily the best film of its genre since 'Soul Food' and definitely makes for a excellent holiday season treat. 
bad Family holiday dramedy has some iffy content. 
good If you're looking for a film that celebrates the holiday spirit, This Christmas would be my first suggestion because it's heartfelt and not too sweet. 
very_good Here's a family you'll want to visit for the holidays. Maybe you'll event want to stay through New Year's. 
good ...there's a genuine feeling of a real family's real Christmas, with all its heat as well as warmth, the kind of thing that's missing from the plastic platitudes of holiday junk like Fred Claus... 
good While formula is still the same, it's quite amusing, romantic, and a delightful holiday treat for a family to enjoy. 
good This is a very entertaining movie, despite all the inplausablities, and doesn't get down to the insipidness of most Holiday family outings. 
fair o matter how silly the situation, each member of the uniformly strong cast creates a nice balance between sentimental and sweet -- which is just how every holiday gathering should feel. 
very_bad If you like schmaltzy, music-saturated family movies, This Christmas will set all the right bells jingling. 
terrible "Destined to become a Yuletide classic, " claim the press notes. Well, they do say Christmas is a time for dreaming. 
very_bad It's formulaic and corny as hell, but a top-notch cast keep this festive family drama believable - just. 
terrible The clumsy dialogue is so busy explaining the back stories that it doesn't have time for decent one-liners. 
terrible Like discovering a family pet mutilated under the mistletoe, this second Christmas offering does its damnedest to suck all joy out of the festive season. 
bad No Christmas cracker but a likable holiday movie, This Christmas is full of seasonal cheer, some witty banter and a raft of enthusiastic performances from its high-spirited cast. 
very_bad Goodwill be stuffed - this is about as appetising as a plateful of reheated sprouts. 
very_bad Don't expect realism from this frothy little number, but do expect a bit of heart-warming cheer courtesy of romantic unions, overcome prejudices, reconciled enemies and general peace and understanding. 
very_bad The kind of 14-pound turkey you can only excuse at Christmas. 
very_bad This is good-natured, determinedly aspirational African-American entertainment, but did it have to be quite so heavy on the cliches? 
bad Watchable ensemble drama with a strong cast and an above average script, though it will sorely test your patience for group dance scenes. 
fair The performances and Whitmore's ability to keep it all moving at a good clip make it pleasing entertainment -- most of the time. 
very_bad Like mum's home-made comfort food, it's warming but not really that good for you. 
fair This Christmas adheres to this formula and impressively stays away from the cheese and the sap that ordinarily accompany holiday pictures. 
fair Timely, festive and aimed at an African-American audience, it's an angst-filled soap-opera, overstuffed with suds. 
good Very real and easily relatable. 
good Quite convincing in conveying the feeling of a real family, and in generating the requisite chemistry or antipathy as called for by their dysfunctional characters' dire circumstances. 
very_bad If the real-life Christmas experience tends too often to be marred by the rude contradiction between expectations and reality, movies like the ultra-bland holiday family movie This Christmas are at least partly to blame. 
bad An incoherent mess in which scenes of teary reconciliations sit uncomfortably next to protracted gags involving catfights, car wrecks and a big bottle of baby oil. 
bad Would be right at home as a movie made for television. As a feature film, it is a forgettable, humdrum sapfest. 
good Through the copious hugs and soundtrack cues, This Christmas hits the familiar holiday themes earnestly -- and during the Christmas season, that should count for something. 
good This Christmas is not your typical family holiday movie, and thank goodness for that. It's warm, witty and alive, with a fantastic cast and a belief in its characters that transcends its formulaic tendencies. 
fair This feels like the movie Tyler Perry has been trying to make for years now -- just less stage bound and better acted. 
fair There is a familiar quality to the multi-generational family holiday homecoming that nicely blends drama and comedy. It's a cut above the standard heartwarming fare that fills theaters this time of year. 
good With heaping amounts of food, music, seasonal spirit and drama, drama, drama, there's no reason not to add this one to a shortlist of recent holiday favorites. 
good Sometimes a movie can succeed because of just one thing: people we like a lot. 
bad This Christmas includes more family melodrama than all the holiday-homecoming flicks from the past decade combined. 
fair King is too strong a presence to be convincing as a pushover. She's still interesting to watch, and her character's friction with sister Kelli seem truthful at moments. But just about everything involving Lisa and her husband is a stretch. 
fair At two full hours it can feel as exhausting as a holiday dinner with your own family. 
good A family movie that holds few surprises but an abundance of hope and goodwill. 
good What's surprising is how well Whitmore, the director, manages to direct traffic... It's sort of a screwball-comedy effect, but with a heart. 
fair One of those overstaffed, overstuffed 'when do we eat?' holiday dramedies. 
very_bad I have to ask: What could possibly explain the presence of two first-rate actors like Lindo and Elba in a movie as bland as This Christmas? 
bad A holiday film with much goodwill but just as much predictability. 
very_bad Another tragically banal step backwards in black filmmaking that looks to keep it from ever being taken seriously. 
bad There are more status symbols hanging from this family drama than a department-store tree has ornaments. 
good ...after having endured movies like The Family Stone and Christmas with the Kranks..., it is a most welcome and delightful relief. 
very_bad That's right, this is a Christmas film that actually constructs a happy ending out of the sight of a naked and oiled black man being whipped for comedic effect. 
very_bad A warm and warmed-over collection of holiday-movie cliches packaged in a movie about a large extended black family. 
fair Overstuffed, formulaic but very easy to take. 
good At the multiplex where so many holiday movies feel regifted, This Christmas is a gift. 
bad As inert as an artificial tree and as pointless as eggnog without brandy. 
good Writer-director Preston A. Whitmore II serves up an overstuffed but satisfying Yuletide comedy-drama with a fine cast. 
very_good a cornucopia of cine-cheer and familydysfunction. 
bad A holiday melodrama suffering from severe bloat. 
terrible How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it? Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny. 
bad Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so. 
bad Sadly cashes in on the original. 
good The Death of Mr. Lazarescu seems effortlessly observed, even improvised, but it's actually a wonder of choreography, rhythm and social commentary. 
good blending social commentary with spiritual allegory, it traces one man's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania's healthcare service 
fair The film feels very real and not a little scary since the viewer knows that he is very likely to eventually likely to share Lazarescu's fate. 
best Absurdamente angustiante em seu realismo sem concessoes, este e mais do que um filme-denuncia (apropriado para varios paises, alias); e, acima de tudo, um olhar agridoce sobre o melhor e o pior em todos nos. 
very_good A harsh critique of the modern medical system, and though it takes place specifically in Romania, its events could be easily transferred elsewhere. 
good Mr. Lazarescu's ordeal will stick with you. 
good There's something about Fiscuteanu's quietly desperate performance (with much of the emotion conveyed through his eyes), that gets under your skin. 
best As commentary, it's grim. As filmmaking, it's a powerfully disturbing odyssey through the Bucharest health care system. 
best It seems extraordinary to claim that this film is funny but it is. 
bad As a story of the callous impersonalization we inflict upon one another, the film is timeless. 
very_good "Extraordinary" is used here in both meanings of the word: highly unusual and exceptional. 
good Stay with it and you'll discover a devastatingly powerful blast at red tape and an achingly moving examination of what we will all have to face one day. 
good Long, but engrossing and frequently enraging drama that not only exposes the flaws in the Romanian health service, but also in modern humanity. 
very_good This two-and-half-hour Romanian drama may sound like a trial, but it's oddly, warmly captivating. 
best The movie is a stunner, so hypnotic that the length hardly matters. 
best [The] uniquely Eastern European brand of absurdity recalls the work of Vaclav Havel, playwright and former President of Czechoslovakia. At least, it would be absurd if it weren't so credible. 
good As both a film and an indictment of health-care practices, it's scathing and effective. 
very_good By recording this all too commonplace and dehumanizing process, Puiu's film shows the sick old man and the strangers who deal with him to be all too human -- extraordinarily so. 
very_good The film seems pitiless as it records every detail but, as you watch a man who clings to life and an ambulance driver whose search for a hospital becomes a mythic quest, what you're left with is compassion. 
best Puiu maintains a strong current of suspense about the outcome -- despite the title, will this Lazarus be revived? --- and a bracingly cynical sense of humor that rescues the material from being a total downer. 
bad Fiscuteanu's Lazarescu is a strange, compelling creation, and if you allow it time, this haunting, artful movie will get under your skin. 
good If you love adventurous cinema, [Cristi] Puiu's transcendent, unique foray into the culture of health care is a must-see. 
best I suspect medical professionals would see much they recognize in this movie. The credits include a long list of technical advisers, but it doesn't take an adviser to convince you the movie is authentic. 
best It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm, but the Romanian film The Death of Mr. Lazarescu is a rich, strange and weirdly gratifying odyssey. 
good A mordant parable of and about our time as well as a poem of personal urban decay. 
fair It's rainy and dark as death in Bucharest in a tale of that last ride on Medicare. 
good It's one of those films where we root for almost everybody. 
best It's full of humor, pathos and a deep humanism that comes as a warm blast in this age of lifeless, cinematic junk. 
good The Death of Mr. Lazarescu would seem to give its plot away with its title. But, as the movie itself demonstrates, not everything is as it first seems. 
fair ... dark and overlong drama ... 
very_bad This stark, gritty Romanian import from co-writer/director Cristi Puiu isn't so much unsuccessful as it is excruciatingly dull. 
best The Death of Mr. Lazarescu takes aim at the grotesqueries of the hospital experience with killing accuracy, like a mallet blow to the knee that comes down harder than anticipated. 
very_bad It's supposed to be about a Kafkaesque experience. Instead, it is a Kafkaesque experience. Why are we here? Is everything absurd? Is anyone in charge? 
bad Not a line of the pungent dialogue is wasted. Beneath the quasi-documentary veneer lies a well-written screenplay. 
best The ailing title character in this thorny masterpiece by the Romanian director Cristi Puiu suffers a late-night descent through circles of medical hell. 
good a gentle parable of the delicacy of mortality 
good A sad and scary film about the ignominy of dying alone in a hospital room surrounded by strangers and without dignity. 
fair A brilliant work of cinematic art. 
very_good The Death of Mr. Lazarescu comes on like a force of nature; radiating a startling intensity, it demands to be reckoned with. 
terrible It is inconceivable that a worse holiday-inspired film exists. 
bad I know several folks in military service who wouldn't watch this movie if you paid them. 
good Alejado de cualquier rastro de patriotismo, desnudando la complejidad emocional detras de un drama historicamente recurrente que ha sido retratado con frecuencia por el cine norteamericano, aunque esta vez de manera un poco mas intimista. 
good It never feels contrived or overwritten, managing to deftly pack emotional punches through the strength of its performances and direction. 
good It's a shame so few people will see this on the silver screen. 
very_bad Don't let the fact Woody Harrelson got an Oscar nomination tempt you anywhere near The Messenger - the message here is about as welcome as a death knock on a wet Sunday afternoon. 
bad Although it stumbles on the storytelling, drifting rather repetitively around the lives of its haunted protagonists, it's a rewarding, humane picture. 
bad An intelligent and well-acted film which deserves its outing here. 
good It's a film of quietly assured dramatic clout, a strong and sober reckoning with American conscience. 
good Stumbles a little, loosening its grip in the bromantic final stretch. But if impenitent heartstring pluckage is what you're after, this is where it's at. 
good This worthwhile drama reports from the home front as the war on terror continues. 
good The Oscar-nominated script pursues a grimly honourable task into its grim and not always honourable byways. 
good Intimate, powerful filmmaking. 
bad It's a welcome addition to the increasingly interesting movie canon dealing with the downside of the war. 
good [An] unpredictable, episodic, deeply resonant character piece. 
good A powerhouse performance full of tragic comic undertones while looking at the psychological effects of war in an original storytelling manner... 
bad A worthy addition to the canon of Iraq war films, The Messenger has a gentle humanity that creeps under your skin. 
very_bad Shame nobody told writer-director Oren Moverman not to shoot The Messenger... before giving the script a good rewrite first. 
good It's a tough job but someone's got to do it in a moving look at one of the armed forces' most harrowing details. 
good This is a great anti-war film examining the residual effect of war on the people who fight it and the people who are left behind. 
very_good Woody Harrelson and Ben Foster dominate every inch of the screen. 
very_good The worst job in the army isn't cleaning latrines or disarming roadside bombs, it is being back home telling people that someone they love has been killed. 
fair Viewers will appreciate the work ethic up there on the screen, and how it finds a number of fresh and telling angles on the complexities of the grieving process. 
fair The two leads give nuanced, lived in performances that unfold slowly but with certain determination. 
bad The film does lapse into cliche with Foster's descent into alcohol as a means of coping with the daily trauma of the job, but Israeli director Oren Moverman keeps the film rich in raw detail. 
good The film is poised, unforced and powerful. 
best It's sublime to see Woody Harrelson become Robert Duvall, with grit, gusto and muscles visibly twitching beneath his head. "The Messenger" is draining, but not numbing - an agnostic anthem to the impossibility of applying predictive methods to grief. 
fair The massage is important, and the acting from Harrelson is incredible. 
best The Messenger drives home the point that war is a losing proposition, which has nothing to do with who is victorious on the battlefield. They're the everyday losses of life, of family, of friends. 
best A powerful, PTSD PSA for 'Don't ask, don't kiss and tell' advocates. 
best A tremendously moving drama, filled with heartbreak, humor and, most importantly, humanity. 
good The vignettes of reactions to Montgomery and Stone's grim visits are the meat of the movie. 
fair ...Foster and Harrelson's respectively striking work is alone justification for the film's existence. 
best The bombshell is the news of a soldier's death and the delivery of that message is the heart of this unsentimental, yet deeply moving, story. 
good It's Foster's movie. 
very_good The film is premised on the verbal communication of urgent information, yet its many non-verbal moments provide the greatest strength and clarity. 
very_good Harrelson received an Oscar nomination for supporting actor for his grim and volatile performance, but it could just as easily have gone to the quietly seething Foster. 
bad Hero Without a Cause 
bad There isn't a single glimpse of battlefield action in The Messenger, but Foster conveys the intensity of warfare in a long speech revealing how Will was injured. 
very_good ...a stunningly sad and sobering movie about the inevitable personal costs of national bellicosity. 
best A film that never forgets those who most feel the pain of loss during a time of war. 
good The Messenger is the first film from Oren Moverman as a director, and it's a fine piece of work. 
very_good Harrelson gives us layers of hurt under a callous yet needy crust. It may be the best performance of his career and certainly deserves Oscar consideration. 
bad The Messenger is a film about shock and healing. Forget awe. In a world that avoids the realities of war, The Messenger casts a flickering light on some of the human cost of war. 
very_good As suspenseful -- in its less-violent way -- as 'The Hurt Locker,' as the soldiers bring their bad news to the homes of unsuspecting family members in a series of devastating vignettes, beautifully wrought by director Oren Moverman. 
good With the insight and sensitivity of an insider, The Messenger illuminates the sometimes invisible victims of war -- the survivors -- and a pain that is tolerated but never quite healed. 
best The Messenger makes it [the death of a soldier] personal. And it is uncomfortable. Well-done movies about the tragedy of war and its impact on ordinary lives are that way. 
fair Well acted, bare-bones look at homefront horror, but it's not quite in the same war league as The Hurt Locker. 
fair Implies without stating, allowing us to understand and interpret the men as we will, without having anything forced down our throats. 
fair Valiantly brings all wars to their ultimate endpoint: death and its effects on the fallen's loved ones. 
good This is the kind of film people might skip due to the preponderance of war movies out there, or forget in the wake of flashier end-of-the-year output, but The Messenger is one to watch for great performances. 
very_good Powerful and resonant, this is a film that asks us to look at the human cost of war. Ben Foster is a revelation. 
best An emotionally affecting drama about the birth of compassion in an Iraq war hero assigned to work for the Casualty Notification Office. 
very_good Foster is a revelation, while Harrelson has arguably never been better. 
bad Beyond the interesting subjects, Moverman doesn't have a definitive place for his film to go. 
good It's hard to believe that an actor of Ben Foster's caliber is just now getting a leading role. 
very_good Yes, you're going to have to look for The Messenger. But the fact it's one of the best American films of 2009 makes that search worthwhile. 
good This is a powerful war film that never needs to enter the battlefield for you to be fully absorbed. 
very_good This is the type of original film that should be pulling in the box office numbers. Harrelson and Foster deliver completely natural and raw performances. See this movie now! 
good I used to think working at the Salt Lake City Hooters was the worst job in the world. Boy was I wrong. That dubious occupational honor goes to working for the Army's Casualty Notification Service. 
very_good The best war movies don't preach against war: They remind us of the costs for soldiers and families and ask us to consider whether those costs are worth paying. 
best The miracle of this film is in its insistence on finding a way back home -- to fragile new beginnings giving way to new friendship, perhaps even new love. 
good Co-screenwriter/director Oren Moverman slowly peels back the layers to the characters, with the game cast helping considerably in that regard. 
good ...[The Messenger] highlights the gulf between those who have served in Iraq and nearly everyone else they deal with after returning home. 
very_good The Messenger involves difficult subject matter, but it's not hard to watch. It's sad and sobering, but also humorous and touching at turns. 
good Because of the nature of its subject matter, 'The Messenger' is emotionally charged, but director Oren Moverman and his able cast prevent it from feeling phony or manipulative. 
good Foster and Harrelson have a winning camaraderie as they develop a bond of trust and friendship. Both performances are memorable and deserve year-end awards consideration. 
good This film doesn't take political sides -- and it's all the more heartbreaking because of its restraint. 
very_good Individually, none of the mini-dramas in The Messenger would be enough to blow you away. But grouped together, they're so beautifully and specifically written that they make for a convincing picture of the first stages of grief. 
very_good This is a wholly different look at the fallout of the Iraq War and its effect on soldiers and civilians. It is also a gentle portrait of grief, friendship and solace. 
good A forcefully acted and peculiar emotional drama... 
good The Messenger delivers what it has to say without sensationalism or political posturing. That restraint, along with the quality of the performances, makes it all the more powerful. 
good Foster leaves you hoping that Will finds his way home. 
fair One of the rare movies that communicates honestly and artfully about the real casualties of war: the surviving combatants. 
fair Don't call it a comeback because Woody Harrelson never went away! This film that will remind everyone how good of an actor he is. 
very_good Some jobs are dirtier than others, and after seeing director and co-writer Oren Moverman's beautifully acted new film The Messenger, you'll be better acquainted with some of the most grueling work a human being can be called upon to perform. 
good The Messenger is a privileged glimpse into people's private pain, a drama shot with the simplicity and immediacy of a documentary. 
best This is a poignant war movie, but it's also a buddy movie with a difference, one that's both funny and bleak. 
good Director Oren Moverman's feature-length debut is a little like The Hurt Locker in the way it uncomfortably probes a little-known military organelle. 
very_good The Messenger knows that even if it tells a tearjerking story, it doesn't have to be a tearjerker. In fact, when a sad story tries too hard, it can be fatal. 
bad This character piece may be for the arthouse, but the artistry has a gaping wound, large enough to allow credulity to seep out. 
fair Poignant and insightful. 
terrible A shoddy, shouty bore. A piece of flummery. 
good A fine bookend to Katheryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker, showing another side of how the war at home can be just as rigorous as the one abroad. 
very_good Moverman understands the deep, powerful struggle that must accompany such constant grappling with death. 
bad A somber drama about intimate wartime tragedies, Oren Moverman's debut feels more respectful than real. 
good Oren Moverman's sober and satisfying drama shows how the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have created a fissure in American society. 
very_good Messengers with the worst possible message, they nonetheless manage to be human and alive .... In a film that itself bears sad tidings about the costs of war, that is an affirming, even an inspiring, gift. 
good The Messenger is a successful examination of the harsh realities of war that too often are put in the back of people's minds. 
good Together, under the assured direction of first-time feature filmmaker Oren Moverman, these three actors tell a story that is at once hard-hitting and bizarrely gentle. 
good Just don't watch this and The Hurt Locker back to back or you'll need to refill your anti-depressants when you're done. 
bad It's worth seeing for Foster's performance anyway, and for a brief and excellent one from Steve Buscemi as a mourner. 
fair For all the film's gritty verisimilitude, The Messenger is not the great Iraq War movie that Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is. 
good Intelligent, graceful, and touching filmmaking. 
very_good No quote available. 
very_good The Messenger, showing humanity under siege, opens wounds inflicted by the Iraq War -- not on the battlefield but in the hearts of the families of soldiers who never made it back home. 
good What The Messenger has going for it is some sober, straightforward direction from Oren Moverman and a few strong performances. 
bad As the lonely, complex and friendly Stone, Harrelson evokes the experience of The Messenger as sturdily as a freshly pinned medal of valor. 
very_good This film will be too much for some viewers because of the spot-on antiwar statement but the story is tight and the performances powerful. 
very_good A devastating debut helmed with immense power and control ... Foster, a rising talent whose career brings to mind Edward Norton, is tremendous. 
good These largely self-contained vignettes are harrowing, the source of a font of raw emotional release that could never be otherwise captured except through a presumably invasive documentary process. 
good Another dark, gloomy drama about home life during wartime, this film features some seriously great performances and a theme that will resonate powerfully with thoughtful audiences. 
good Although Hollywood has dealt with the war from various perspectives, Moverman's film offers a new angle that brings the horrors home about the decision to go to war. 
good Entirely too long, but the samurai game of cat and mouse, the strategizing, is fascinating. 
bad ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope, and it's hard to imagine anyone topping it any time soon. 
good Consegue combinar uma abordagem mais classica, tradicional, aos toques de violencia bizarra tipicas da filmografia de Miike. 
very_good 13 Assassins evokes a classic filmmaking style sharpened by Takashi Miike's modern energy. 
good A much fresher experience than would seem likely for such a well-trod genre. 
very_good Miike's sadistic fetishization of violence and suffering is nowhere in evidence. 
good A wildly entertaining blockbuster that should appeal outside the extreme Asian cinema niche market. 
fair The excessive mind of Japanese director Takashi Miike (Audition; Ichi the Killer) throttles back the gore to deliver a disciplined, refreshingly grounded samurai action film. 
fair Miike plays it by the age-old rules, and the result, while undeniably entertaining, is unexpectedly tame, at least by Miike standards 
good The once dormant samurai movie is rejuvenated in 13 Assassins, a spirited and violent romp which delves into the honour and savagery of samurai ideology. 
good 13 Assassins looks at honour from many angles, without becoming simplistic. Ichii hasn't lost his edge after all. 
good The sense of loss, of waste, for a society, a culture, is just heartbreaking. That feeling is something special in a 21st century action picture. 
very_good Filmed with inspiration from Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, Takashi Miike delves into his nation's past to create a noble movie that will please fight fans but gives so much more thanks to a compelling story. 
fair While the characterisations are sometimes lacking, the swordplay never is. 
good The action and spectacle in this film is outstanding making it one of Miike's best films to date. 
good The grandiose concluding sequence is not staged with finesse or subtlety, but with brutal finality. It is the Japanese samurai film equivalent of a barroom brawl on an epic scale, and the violence is punishing. 
very_good It's an incredibly violent, insanely entertaining movie that features scores of baddies getting killed by sword, arrow, knife, boiling oil, even a stampede of bulls. Wait, check that. Not just bulls. Flaming bulls. 
good If you can handle the blood, it's a very satisfying tale of vengeance and honor. 
best Epic. Unforgettable. Relentless. Magnificently entertaining. 
best 13 Assassins may well be the most wholly accomplished and satisfying film to come our way all year. 
good The 13th assassin, an uncouth mountain man, offers a critique of his noble companions -- and of the code-of-duty genre he finds himself occupying -- when he comments: 'Do only samurai matter in this world?' 
good It absolutely, undeniably delivers the goods. And those goods are soaked in blood. 
very_good Does Guinness World Records have an entry for longest on-screen fight? If it doesn't, Takashi Miike's "13 Assassins" just set it. And if a record actually exists, Miike's film just broke it. 
fair The dialectic about duty may not translate to a modern Western audience, but the savage sword-fighting is to die for. 
very_good "13 Assassins" has what many action pictures need, a villain who transcends evil and ascends to a realm of barbaric madness. 
best ... a subversive, action-packed, beautifully crafted samurai revenge epic ... climaxes in a 40-minute pitched battle that utilizes sword, arrow, spear, slingshot and &#8210; here's a new one &#8210; burning bull. 
very_good A richly cathartic experience with a wide range of emotional colors. 
good 13 Assassins is a savage, insane movie - in the best way possible. 
fair It's as if Miike wished to add his name to the list of old-time, classical action directors, alongside the likes of Robert Aldrich or Sam Peckinpah. 
best The film really isn't much like anything else. It's also likely to land on the shortlist of the year's best. 
best A film, like so many samurai stories (and American westerns) about brotherhood, justice and sacrifice, 13 Assassins is, at turns, thrilling and funny, visually exquisite and emotionally charged. 
good 13 Assassins may look like another classic samurai film in the old-school tradition, but it is to Kurosawa's genre classics what Sam Peckinpah's westerns were to John Huston's. 
bad 13 Assassins builds into a decent action-fest. 
bad Miike directs the "village of death" battle with an astonishing relentlessness: just when you think you've seen the last bout of flesh-skewering, he tips another bloody bucket of slaughter into the mix. 
good It takes a while to hit its stride but when 13 Assassins finds its groove, this magically turns into one of the most memorable - and shocking - action films in an absolute age. 
bad What's special about 13 Assassins is a 45-minute battle scene in which 13 heroic warriors take on the vastly superior army of a wickedly sadistic Shogun lord. 
bad It suffers from an inordinately protracted middle section that should have been half an hour shorter, but turns into the kind of bloodbath you would expect from Tarantino. 
bad 13 Assassins musters nearly twice as many swordsmen as Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and is about two-thirds as good, although it delivers the requisite genre thrills. 
very_good Epic in scope, ambition, and execution, it's a classic swords-and-samurai film with postmodern blood and guts, and it's completely satisfying. 
good Pays off thrillingly with a virtuoso 45-minute bloodbath you won't easily forget. 
good Miike's magnificent 13 mark both the end of an era and the boundary of a genre. 
good Impressively directed, sharply written and superbly acted, this is an emotionally engaging samurai drama that builds to a thrilling climactic showdown lasting a full 45 minutes. 
good The controlled set-up effectively explores notions of honour and servitude in a time when the bushido era was drawing to a close, before giving way to a terrific, 40-minute climax that's sheer martial artistry in all its mud-and blood-splattered glory. 
bad "I thought samurai would be fun but you bore me," says one character. I'm afraid that, after two hours, I agree, though the action is fairly well done if you like that sort of thing. 
best Nearly every image is memorable: it is hard to pick out the most mind-blowing. 
bad A devoutly classical, if not exactly classic, remake of a 1963 period samurai film. 
good The action is intense, inventive and vastly compelling with enough twists and turns to keep your attention throughout. 
very_good The 45 minutes of unrelenting carnage that conclude 13 Assassins are as crimson-soaked as fans would expect. And yet this tale is also moving. 
best The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation. 
bad A decent historical drama, with one of the best extended battle scenes (a full half of the movie is the face-off in the 'village of death') in recent memory. 
good The two halves of 13 Assassins are as finely balanced as one of the samurai swords from its grand, limb-lopping LOL-fest of a finale. 
good The great thing, typically, about a Takashi Miike film is that there's no such thing as a typical Takashi Miike film. 
good Try the entire last 40 minutes of the movie. It's sort of like being on one of those theme park rides that spins you around until you're dizzy and out of breath, only this one shoots a firehose of blood into your face while you're on it. 
very_good The "town of death" sequence, which takes up nearly the second half of the film, ranks among the great action set-pieces ever filmed. 
very_good "13 Assassins" is a must-see for Miike's passionate legion of fans. But even action buffs who've never seen any of his films before will be drawn in by this masterful exercise in cinematic butchery. 
very_good For all its bloodshed and mayhem, 13 Assassins is one of the most joyously energetic and exciting movies I've seen in the last year, and maybe even the last two years. 
good A classic samurai movie, right up there among the finest in the genre. 
good There will be blood, rivers of it, in point of fact. 13 Assassins is Miike's bid for a jewel on Akira Kurosawa's crown, and as such, it's an audacious attempt that turns out to be his most stylistically formal film to date. 
good A stirring, unexpectedly moving story of love and blood... 
good No one who has seen Seven Samurai will be surprised by the trajectory and outcome of Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't plenty of surprises and enormous thrills to be found within 
very_good Takashi Miike's samurai adventure 13 Assassins is so beautifully made, it could serve as a model for contemporary American action films. 
best If Miike had to make all of his other flicks to get to this brilliant catharsis, it was worth it. 
very_good Takashi Miike's masterwork, the type of grand filmmaking we've always come to expect from him and the film that should get him taken more seriously among cinephiles and mainstream movie fans alike. 
good There is plenty of blood in 13 Assassins, but Miike quietly builds his characters and their dilemmas, leading up to a grand spectacle of swordplay that includes a whopping 45 minute action finale. 
good That tension between a servant's duty and moral responsibility forms the crux of 13 Assassins, and proves a standard dynamic that Miike handles without subversive humor or irony. 
best 13 Assassins single-handedly revitalises the samurai film, taking it to new heights with incomparable style and excitement. Make all possible haste to see this grand-scale epic on the biggest screen you can find. 
good ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope... 
fair The last hour is a wildly entertaining orgy of swords, blood, fire and mud that goes on longer than it probably should, and yet never gets tiresome. 
very_good At once enchanting and emboldening... 
best It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before. 
best It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it. 
very_good It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off. 
good Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past. 
best Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever. 
best Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action. 
best Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale. 
bad There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s... 
good Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes. 
good Magic. 
best Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals. 
best The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up. 
best I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time. 
best Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental. 
very_good Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside. 
best One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was. 
good The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be. 
good Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic. 
good What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty. 
best The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action. 
bad Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics. 
very_bad Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion. 
best The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages. 
good ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor. 
best With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats. 
best As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray] 
best A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention. 
very_good This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray. 
best Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children. 
best This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all. 
best A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload. 
best Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages. 
best The best of all the Disney cartoons 
fair Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character 
very_bad She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time? 
best The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced. 
very_good ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music. 
fair Not quite the masterpiece we once thought. 
very_good Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!") 
best Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa. 
best The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made 
best Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating. 
very_good A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming. 
good It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite. 
best For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic. 
very_good Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise. 
best It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike. 
best This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why. 
fair The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings. 
best Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features. 
best Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats. 
bad A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve. 
good If you don't have kids, go anyway. 
terrible While Mr. Bronson goes through the motions of revenge with his characteristic deliberation, he looks puffy and sounds terminally bored. 
bad What's revolting, if not surprising, about this salute to Bernie Goetz, the NRA, and All-American contempt for civil liberties, is the casual inevitability of all the violence. 
bad OK slapstick in the "Home Alone" vein 
terrible Hey, at least the baby wasn't talking. 
bad Tot-sized laughs 
terrible For the seven people out there who hoped for a movie stupider than "Home Alone 2." 
bad Saleem developed Exit Strategy out of a Web series - and it shows. 
best One of the most essential, potent and haunting documentary war films ever made. 
terrible Do not ever rent this film. 
bad An affectionate parody of Japanese giant-monster hero shows to make points about the unraveling of Japan's cultural heritage. 
good The movie's shambling, matter-of-fact approach to pulpy material is funny, as is its steadfast avoidance of visual hype. 
bad Big Man Japan shows a good mockumentary needs more than killer concept to make us howl. 
very_good Very funny in an insidious way. 
fair This is Matsumoto's first feature (he's a famously odd Japanese comedian), but it's a distinctively bizarre piece of work. Remember the name. 
terrible The film, written, directed and starring stand-up comic Hitoshi Matsumoto has, like most superheroes, a tragic flaw: It isn't funny. 
bad A cheesy B-movie that's initially refreshing, funny and a guilty pleasure, but eventually sinks into tedium while its comic energy and imagination concurrently diminish. 
bad At nearly two hours, Big Man Japan is clever (in a sick sort of way) but overlong. It needs judicious editing -- more mockumentary, fewer superhero antics. 
very_bad As in life, the nonmonster stuff goes on too long. But wait until the giant baby shows up. 
fair It's as much fun as an old, popcorn-throwing kiddie matinee of Destroy All Monsters -- and far funnier intentionally than most superhero movies are accidentally. 
good You've probably never seen anything like Big Man Japan. 
fair The most impressive special effect here is Mr. Matsumoto's hilariously restrained performance, a tour de force of comedic concision in a movie bloated by increasingly surreal developments. 
bad The fight scenes, with their absurdist humor and various creatively designed and executed monsters, will earn the film a deserving cult. 
fair Matsumoto and Mitsuyoshi Takasu trade the grand for the gargantuan, the battle-drama for the video game fight. 
bad A one-joke mockumentary about a misfit superhero, Hitoshi Matsumoto's kaiju eiga comedy milks a slight idea for all it's worth and then some. 
good Blending the best elements of Hancock, Godzilla and This Is Spinal Tap, Big Man Japan is likely to work for you to the extent you're willing to endure special effects almost as cheap as those in the original bad B-flicks being lampooned. 
bad Surpasses any mockumentary you've ever seen. 
good One minute it's Godzilla Meets Mothra, the next it's Kramer vs. Kramer. Gotta love it. 
fair A flick tailor-made for the midnight slate at your favorite film festival. Especially if it's a festival that allows you to drink beer during screenings. 
bad Ultimately, The Mourning Forest is not so much flawed as it is unable to create a very powerful impression. 
very_bad Time-travel pirate adventure with boy hero, guns, swords. 
fair The music throughout is wonderful and you wish there was more of it, including concert footage. 
fair There are grudges held amid all the good will, an intention of the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble to do things on their terms, and those terms stem directly from their upbringing. 
terrible There are many things to make fun of here. 
terrible From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year. 
terrible The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it. 
very_bad Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure? You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead. 
terrible One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen. 
very_bad There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start. 
terrible The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never generates enough tension due to preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies. 
terrible Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time. It's not merely bad; it's unpleasant in a hostile way. 
terrible Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years. 
terrible There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose. 
terrible If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie. 
terrible A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is. 
terrible Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines. 
terrible Blame this mess on Travolta. 
bad If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out. 
terrible The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes 
terrible This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last. 
terrible AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS! IT BURNS! 
terrible Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater. 
very_bad It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback. 
terrible finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize. 
terrible Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess. 
terrible O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo. 
bad Ah, it ain't really that terrible. 
very_bad You never care about anyone as they give their lives to save humanity. Ho hum. That's the worst crime in this otherwise so-bad-it's-good mess. 
bad The story is quite weak, with the pace all over the place. 
terrible Every bit as bad as its reputation implies. 
terrible Clearly, at no point did anyone say, "Man, this is a steaming pile of hangover dung - why don't we fix it?" 
terrible A botched adventure that looks suspiciously like any number of other sci-fi tales you will have seen, and pales instantly by the comparison. 
terrible Legions of science-fiction fans will feel compelled to approach the ticket booth and scream for a refund. 
terrible Travolta's performance isn't even bad enough to be campy; it's just bad. 
bad The end result is a high-budget star vehicle with big special effects that looks in every other way like any one of over a hundred other nameless low-budget post-Apocalyptic science fiction movies that have been made in the last 30 years or so. 
fair Is it worth seeing once? Sure. 
fair Despite starting off like a bad Star Trek episode, this film eventually graduates to a higher level. 
terrible Looking back on this film, I can't find anything nice to say about it. 
very_bad A disaster of epic proportions. 
terrible John Travolta and Forest Whitaker do some Hollywood slumming in this tenement of a sci-fi thriller. (10-year-olds may enjoy.) 
terrible Is it as bad as advertised? Oh yes, very much so. 
fair The characters are so deliciously absurd. 
terrible They brought it into existence, this hellbeast of a movie, this monstrosity, this slap in the face of all that is good and right and beautiful and sweet and gentle. Oh, the humanity! Hide the children's eyes! 
very_bad Travolta and his fellow bad guy (played by Forest Whitaker) spend an inordinate amount of time cackling and showing off poor oral hygiene. 
terrible Now that it's finally on the screen, we discover that the science-fiction epic Travolta considered a Holy Grail is silly junk. 
terrible A pretty terrible film. 
terrible If you are the type of person who likes to watch traffic accidents, then this is for you. 
terrible Didn't anyone stand up at a production meeting to say that the script is idiotic? That the movie steals unashamedly from countless other sci-fi movies? 
terrible A noisy, chaotic, sloppily edited and embarrassingly banal and derivative saga. 
very_bad The movie is so outrageously, spectacularly, unbelievably bad that we stare at it with some sort of appalled curiosity. It fails on so many levels that it's fascinating, although not so much that I'd sit through it again. 
very_bad Deeply dumb, depressingly derivative and just plain nonsense. 
terrible Simply put, Battlefield Earth is the worst film I've seen in over 10 years, and believe me, that's saying a lot. 
bad The movie plays like an uglier, Earth-bound Star Wars, interrupted by frequent Psychlo temper tantrums. 
terrible It's so unbelievably and egregiously bad, you have to wonder if they did it on purpose. 
terrible Battlefield Earth should be shown only at maximum-security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior. 
terrible Battlefield Earth bathes in a pool of utter ridiculousness and cheesy visual styles, then stands up expecting everyone to admire it 
terrible The leader bares a resemblance to Andy Rooney of 60 Minutes, eyebrows and all. It would have been apropos for him to look into the camera and say, 'Don't you just hate it when you waste money on really stupid movies with cheesy special effects?' 
terrible I hated this movie, and I had a great time doing it. 
terrible It's probably obvious by now that Battlefield Earth is far from cerebral or anything even remotely serious. 
bad Battlefield Earth is long and tedious. 
terrible So overwrought, overacted and overwhelmingly inept that it must be seen to be believed. 
terrible While the look is cool -- like a tinted B&W film, all washes of green, blue, amber and red -- the story's broad strokes are painfully cliched and its details make no sense at all. 
bad The plot depends on the most ludicrous decisions and senseless actions ever made by a thinking race. 
very_bad The only people this film could recruit are members of the rock band Kiss, who, with their high-heeled boots and face paint, might figure they've got a spot if this alien thing ever really came down. 
terrible It will no doubt take a place of honor in the proud pantheon of 'What Were They Thinking?' cinema, right alongside The Postman and Howard the Duck. 
terrible As for the allegation that this boring movie will recruit youth -- I doubt it! 
terrible Christian has chosen ... the sneaky trick ... of making ... the film ... so ... plodding ... that you'll leave ... the theater ... wondering ... whether ... 1,000 years ... have ... passed ... since ... you ... went ... in. 
terrible It can stand as the quintessential example of big moviemaking ineptitude. 
terrible A disaster of epic proportions! 
terrible I cannot help but think that maybe [Travolta's] laughing that he was able to sucker people into pouring millions of dollars toward making such an unspeakable waste. 
good Charming film of a type completely absent these days. 
bad [Spike] Lee doesn't judge Tyson's sins, but he does express an attitude toward his story, through the way he frames a desperately ingratiating Tyson at a persistent remove. 
fair ...a great consciousness-raising tool (how 1970s is that?) and a fun celebration for fans of Wonder Woman and her sisters in spandex. 
very_bad More violence than plot...and lots of LEGO tie-ins. 
best Bresson's stripped-to-the-bone adaptation eschews the traditionally heroic, spectacular, fabulous, and exaltedly romantic aspects of the legendary saga in order to lay bare the confusion and pain within the human soul. 
bad The style is intact but the content is missing. 
best It has a magnificence that creeps out a little at a time, especially over repeated viewings. 
best One suspects that Bresson wanted to interpret Arthurian legend in a way that would emphasize its petty emotions and physicalities. 
best Having seen Bresson's filmography in full (including this film twice), I'm convinced that Lancelot of the Lake is on par with his very best and most transcendent work. 
good Bresson's style may not be for everyone, but one has to respect his strength as an artist. 
bad Kristen Wiig dazzles in what may be her best performance to date - and what is certainly her trickiest - but the actress is diminished by how unexpectedly rudderless the film feels. 
fair ...hilariously wacky and touching Welcome to Me, a showcase for what Wiig can do when put front and center. 
good It's here that Wiig's wallflower wit finally dovetails with a lead role that has the depth to support it, as the film evolves into an exuberant cross between Synecdoche, New York and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! 
bad Irreverent but somewhat disturbing look at mental illness. 
good "Welcome to Me" basically lives and dies by [Wiig's] performance, and, luckily, her Alice Klieg is a carefully and cunningly crafted creation, which exposes an undercurrent of pain and sorrow beneath her often placid, pixilated state. 
bad Has a few funny moments, but much of this dryly squirmy humor is laced with a pall of deep sadness and concern for a protagonist who is clearly psychologically unstable. 
bad A frolicsome comedy that gives Kristen Wiig a chance to strut her stuff. 
terrible The movie is nothing more than a labored series of skits that play like ideas from rejected TV pilots. 
fair There are a number of obvious directions Welcome To Me could take this material, and part of what makes it so refreshing, and insightful, is that it takes none of them. 
bad There's a super-insane film inside "Welcome to Me," one that, as it happens, takes up about 80 percent of the picture. What's another 20 percent? 
bad "Welcome to Me" is not just a character study, but a satire on how the self-centered emptiness of TV is a kind of epidemic. 
bad It all plays more like a long, dark TV comedy sketch than an actual movie. 
bad Maddeningly indulgent, an "SNL" sketch that goes on and on... 
good In the burnt-toast black Sundance comedy, Kristen Wiig goes dark and bipolar without losing her shield of likeability. It's a superpower to be marveled at, like the ability to carry on a long conversation without looking at one's mobile device. 
very_good The film rejects a fawning (or even particularly detailed) account of mental illness in favor of a plunge into the deep end of a bottomless ego. 
fair ...it's hard to deny that the actress sporadically delivers a far more raw and naked performance than one has come to expect. 
good [Wiig] has one of the balliest acting careers out there. 
bad We get so used to foreign filmmakers giving us original twists on genres like horror it's disappointing to be reminded that they can be banal and derivative too. 
bad Every new zombie movie, however, has to be a little bit different than the one that came before it. Otherwise, it wouldn't be horrifying or much fun. 
fair It's almost endearing how little Wirkola disguises his thefts from the gore-fests of Raimi, Peter Jackson and George A. Romero. 
fair ...gorehounds will undoubtedly be willing to overlook the movie's various flaws once the admittedly stellar third act rolls around. 
fair The sprightliest movie about mowing down revenants with a chainsaw that you are are ever likely to see. 
good The Norwegian Nazi-zombie movie Dead Snow is quite the jolly mountain holiday, pitting a group of medical students against a battalion of undead, unpleasant and unstoppable German soldiers hellbent on ruining a perfectly good Easter vacation. 
bad This splatter film is set in Norway, but rest assured, it sticks with the formula. 
fair If Mystery Science Theater 3000 had never existed, Dead Snow would have had to invent it. 
bad Those undead baddies, allegedly flash-frozen since World War II, are kind of unique, but they don't make up for the sense of deja vu one feels watching the rest of Wirkola's bloody vacation-from-hell-athon. 
fair A mindlessly entertaining horror film that starts off slow and dull, but, midway, it turns into a tongue-in-cheek, gory and guilty pleasure that will please avid horror fans. For maximum enjoyment, see it late at night with a large group of friends... 
bad Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be. 
bad Despite some dry humor, this is no-frills horror, from the hacked limbs to the gouged eyes. 
good [Director] Wirkola keeps the narrative taut, wasting not a frame; and he throws in funny moments, one involving a Nazi's icky intestine. Matt Weston's cinematography adds to the twisted charm. 
very_bad Trust me, either this isn't your kind of movie at all or you've seen everything here done better and with fewer metaphoric quotation marks hovering over it. 
bad Chomp-chomp, zip-zip go the Nazi zombies in Dead Snow, a self-consciously outlandish horror flick. 
fair If you're in the mood for splatter, well, any film in which someone avoids a nasty fall by grabbing not a rope but a slowly unwinding intestine is certainly in the mood to deliver it. 
fair Told in three completely different acts and styles, Dead Snow is like a primer of how the last 30 years of Hollywood horror has redefined the international scary movie landscape. 
bad The movie definitely delivers in the gore department. The movie's problem -- you knew there had to be one -- is its uncertain tone. 
good Hitler of the Dead! 
fair If you tamp down your expectations there is a storm of scary fun to be had in this Scandinavian splatterfest. 
fair Finally a terrified 20-something has the opportunity to dangle off a cliff while hanging by the intestines of a Nazi zombie. 
bad Norwegian zombie film is pretty standard, by-the-numbers fare, so generic it might as well have been shot by a soulless Hollywood studio. 
bad DEAD SNOW is done with sufficient style to keep it interesting, but a little originality would have gone a long way. 
good Hematophagous audiences dissatisfied with Drag Me to Hell could do worse for a double feature than Dead Snow, a Norwegian love letter to American camp-horror. 
fair It's a nice zombie confection with a smirking swirl...basically a love letter to Sam Raimi's first two Evil Dead films. 
very_bad Dead Snow features a great premise - Nazi zombies! - and literally nothing else for horror hounds to chew on. 
bad how does one ever live up to the promise of Nazi zombies? 
good Director Wirkola obviously knows the zombie genre inside out %u2013 and isn't afraid to pull its innards out farther than they've been pulled before. 
fair Although not exactly all that scary, Dead Snow earns big points for enthusiasm, creativity, and a powerful devotion to all things ultra-splattery. 
best There's an important critical dictum when one reviews documentaries that we need to be careful to focus on the form of the filmmaking as much as the content. Filmmaking matters more than subject matter. In this case, both are brilliant. 
best The genius of the Montage is that Morgen eschews not only predictability, but also the pretext of trying to give definitive answers when the more rewarding path to understanding Cobain's life and career is through questions. 
fair A big part of Cobain's music was about expressing his inner turmoil, and this movie accomplishes that again in ways that are often unexpected and moving. 
best Doesn't just summarize his life. He gets in deep, digging up his passions and relevant works of art. 
good The rarity of [the] source materials alone makes this film a must-see for any hard-core Nirvana fan. 
good Morgen's made an impression of Cobain, which is a much more intuitive and vital enterprise. 
good For a mere 27 years, Cobain's life was unusually well documented, often by himself, and the film feels as vivid as The Devil and Daniel Johnston in delivering an artist's tortured interiority. 
best As the credits roll, it's hard not to just root for the sensitive, progressive, fiercely creative Cobain and wish that he'd lived long enough to find a little peace of mind. 
good At an exhaustive 2 hours and 12 minutes, the movie creates a portrait of Cobain that's more intimate, and more disturbing, than any that fans have witnessed before. 
good Montage of Heck celebrates Cobain's formidable talent and accomplishments, makes you wonder how much better he might have become if he had lived longer, and illuminates the demons that sometimes stalk the stars who shine brightest. 
best Though Cobain: Montage of Heck is unlikely to be the last word on the subject - the Nirvana legend is, ironically, far too lucrative now for that - it certainly deserves to be. 
very_bad The argument for Cobain's brilliance never quite convinces until towards the end, with his MTV Unplugged performance, in which a whole new compelling register to his talent emerges - too late for the film, and alas, for the singer himself. 
best Montage of Heck has a wonderful handmade feel, not unlike Jonathan Caouette's wonderful 2003 auto-doc, Tarnation. 
good Morgen manages to stay clear of hagiography, instead compiling an exhilarating piece of film-making - one that's fully in keeping with Cobain's virtuosity. 
bad The film emphasises Cobain's creativity as well as the work ethic that went alongside his well-chronicled drug use. 
good The annoying title notwithstanding, Cobain: Montage of Heck does a decent job of capturing the charisma and restless creativity of Nirvana's frontman Kurt Cobain without getting bogged down in hagiography. 
bad Kurt Cobain's death was now a generation ago, which gives some perspective to this hefty authorised docu-pic, with its huge and slightly indigestible trove of home movies and home video material. 
bad Fascinating yet almost inevitably self-defeating. 
good Cobain is painted as a man who could be difficult and unpleasant, but here we see him as doting father, loving husband and someone with genuine empathy. 
bad Slightly overlong and glosses over certain aspects but a profound examination of a tortured artist. 
good A galvanising portrait of a life: not deified, not vilified, but blazingly vivid. And, at 132 minutes, still over too soon. 
good Ultimately it's a film that didn't need this many bells and whistles for it to pack an almighty punch. 
good Director Brett Morgen distinguishes the biographical documentary by viewing himself as more of a curator than a film director. 
very_good Gets you right inside Cobain's head - not always a pleasant place to be. Obviously a must-see. 
good Heartbreaking and aggravating, for all the right reasons. 
bad A grim and depressing movie that's painfully dull, making it hard to recommend it even for fans of Silverman who want to see her stretch her dramatic acting muscles. 
very_bad the film cranks up the level of schmaltz to a fever pitch 
very_bad Melodramatic and off-putting, this Zac Efron drama is a complete mess. 
terrible [A] ghoulish death comedy. 
bad It's more of a demo reel for Efron than a movie. His predominant fan base, though, won't mind a bit. 
very_bad There's a soft allure at play here, but it's largely overshadowed by a well-worn dialogue, and an often muddled plot. 
bad Guys certainly shouldn't throw their dignity out of the window to go see it alone, but if their girlfriends are dragging them along, they might just enjoy it a lot more than expected. 
very_bad Let's all go play baseball in the park with some ghosts, rather than wasting our time watching this silly, silly film. 
very_bad Ttearjerking amalgam of Nicholas Sparks and M Night Shyamalan won't do Zac Efron any favours in his attempts to be taken seriously... 
very_bad There's not much on this movie's mind but photogenic healing, and making all the girls go ga-ga at the sight of Efron mewling with grief. 
bad Cynics will find the film mawkish, but the story-telling is clear and involving. 
very_bad What might have been a poignant exploration of the effects of bereavement is hamstrung by rotten twists, redundant action scenes and a few too many publicist-approved shots of Efron staring wistfully into the sunset. 
bad This movie's a teenage tear-jerker and it does its job very well. 
terrible While the subject matter tends towards morbidity, the film-makers strive to divert us with many dappling sunsets, the blue of Ephron's eyes and a sappy melodrama that even 13-year-old girls might scoff at. 
very_bad Shame it's so slow and contradicts its own strained logic, ending up in the same listless limbo as The Time Traveler's Wife and The Lovely Bones. 
terrible Future historians of the financial crisis may point to this movie, not Oliver Stone's Wall Street sequel, as the cultural low point of the business world. 
very_bad Efron excels, proving he's leading-man material. But sign-post scoring and drill-'em-home emotional beats weigh things down. Rubbish ending, too. 
very_bad More maudlin than subtle, more schmaltzy than emotionally true. 
very_bad Another solid performance by Zac Efron is flattened by bombastic filmmaking. 
bad An adaptation that smooths out the sharp edges of Ben Sherwood's source novel, it's a decent enough vehicle to flaunt Efron's acting chops. 
very_bad As the drama increases, so do the clumsy flashbacks and corny lines: this relies on cheap tricks to force tears, even if those tricks work. 
very_bad The photography is pretty, but the Ghost-lite script makes even less sense than the silly title. 
very_bad It's easy to appreciate what Charlie is trying to accomplish, but it does it in such a cloyingly manipulative manner that it's impossible to get on board with it. 
bad It's rare teenage audiences get the chance to clock a metaphysical mystery when they could be watching a vampire fight a werewolf for the hand of a sourpuss. 
very_bad Frequently tedious, badly written drama that fails to deliver the emotional punch it's aiming for, thanks to a painfully obvious central twist that creates more problems than it resolves. 
bad ...a sporadically watchable yet pervasively uneven teen-oriented drama that ultimately just doesn't work... 
very_bad If you liked Happy Zac in High School Musical, why not try Sad Zac? All the chiselled sex appeal of the original, but now with a gloomy face on top! 
bad I'm sure that Efron and Steers will eventually come up with their next breakthrough -- either separately or together -- but this certainly isn't it. 
good Efron continues to transition gracefully from teen heartthrob to leading man material. He proves his dramatic mettle with an emotionally nuanced performance. The kid can act. 
bad Some of my fellow critics at a media screening guffawed during the most egregiously syrupy moments, a reaction which paying audiences might well share. 
bad Has its poignant moments but does not trust them, and does not explore its darker potential. It lays on the sentiment too thickly and underlines the uncanny with a heavy-handed touch. 
very_bad If you buy the concept you might enjoy the film, but if you're a hardened cynic you'd better avoid Charlie St. Cloud, despite the very handsome location photography, which is its greatest asset. 
very_bad If only Efron's self-conscious attempts to extend his range -- whether it be drinking straight bourbon, punching a guy in the face, or spending the night with a girl -- were not always so unintentionally amusing. 
bad The film's thickly layered garnishes of Americana -- baseball, fishing, a coastal town that looks like it was designed by Norman Rockwell -- carries shades of Frank Capra and is proficiently directed by Burr Steers. 
bad Zac Efron continues to prove his worth as a leading man in the appropriately sappy supernatural drama Charlie St. Cloud. 
good In order to enjoy this film, you must: 1. Enjoy other fantasy-based movies such as 'Ghost,' 2. Be open-minded about the afterlife, and 3. Be entertained by beautiful landscapes. 
bad Efron has real star presence and he can act, and the role fits into the dreamboat mode his fans expect. 
fair Sentimental and ultimately entertaining, aimed at women, I thought I was going to die during the incredibly slow first hour, but it picked up during the last half hour. 
terrible Zac Efron should consider a new agent. 
very_bad a middling, inoffensive film, rife with woozy golden sunlight and swelling syrupy music invoked to create the emotions that the film itself fails to ignite 
bad An inoffensive, worshipfully photographed, yet dramatically stolid interpretation of swelling adolescent feeling that wrings maximum consequence out of Zac Efron's dewy-eyed, pin-up sensitivity. 
very_bad The whole movie plays out like the bastard child of a Tiger Beat photo spread and one of Hallmark's drippier greeting cards. 
very_bad Less a movie than a Zac Efron photo album - and why did they give the entire plot away in the trailer? 
bad Efron's acting consists primarily of blank stares into space and reciting boringly ordinary dialogue. The movie's main strengths are the picturesque scenic venue of Vancouver, British Columbia and the crystal clear cinematography. 
bad In the battle between raw tear-jerking and understatedly convincing performances, neither side wins, but sporadic sparks fly. 
bad A sweet little film about loss and grieving. 
terrible All this sets us up for a "twist" ending, but if you don't predict it a half-hour before its revelation, you surely must have nodded off during baseball practice. 
very_bad The movie has a machine-extruded gloss that makes it harder, not easier, to swallow its difficult emotions. 
bad The plot may be a stretch, but the raw emotions are not and Efron is up for the task. 
terrible Maudlin and unintentionally hilarious. 
bad While Efron does his best to carry the film, the rest of Charlie St. Cloud feels a bit too formulaic, pretentious and cloying... 
very_bad If Zac Efron hadn't signed on, this sappy spiritual fantasy would certainly have skipped the cineplex altogether -- in favor of eternal rotation on cable. 
fair It could be a one-note characterization, but Efron finds competing emotions in Charlie, and he conveys all of them to us. 
bad The movie tries to capture the crushing weight of loss, but between the insipid pop tunes and the repetitive shots cutting away to a lighthouse on a scenic outcropping, it feels more like a film version of a condolence card. 
terrible Despite all the effort, Efron and the mugging Tahan don't strike fire, and their affectionate banter gets old. 
very_bad Charlie St. Cloud -- from its awful title to its annoyingly perfect photography -- is a schmaltzy sniffle at best. 
very_bad It's a supernatural, spiritual, sentimental sob-story that doesn't quite work. 
bad Nicholas Sparks-meets-Bruce Joel Rubin...The movie's God talk (most of it coming from...Ray Liotta?) and blatant expression of theme through platitudes make this romantic melodrama as drippy as the St. Cloud boys' eyes. 
terrible Charlie St. Cloud sees dead people. Possibly filing in to watch this movie. 
very_good Zac Efron is so pretty even dead people want to be his friend. 
fair Steers takes his time and it pays off in Efron's subdued performance, earnest and yearning. 
good Charlie St. Cloud is a delicate film - not flimsy, but fragile - that holds together on the strength of Efron's physical presence and performance. 
bad You are not, in a movie like this, supposed to think too much; you are supposed to be transported beyond skepticism on a wave of pure, tacky feeling. Instead, in this case, you drown in sentimental, ghoulish nonsense. 
very_bad Steers and his screenwriters aren't aiming for logic; they're leading up to the next opportunity for Efron to remove his shirt. 
very_bad With its assurances that everything happens for a reason and everything will be alright, a potentially haunting story becomes a philosophical one-way street. 
very_bad Necessary supporting characters, such as Charlie's mother (Kim Basinger) and his devoted paramedic (Ray Liotta), are clipped almost entirely out of the film, leaving massive gaps in the community atmosphere the script appears interested in developing. 
fair Zac Efron can act and has a very large emotional arc. The film is both devastating and very uplifting though it does fall on the cheesy side at times. 
bad Poignant Efron drama too intense for younger fans. 
terrible It's like a friend you're not that fond of sobbing sloppily on your shoulder. 
very_bad A hackneyed, disjointed, painfully corny and contrived drama that can't be saved by breathtaking scenery or Zac Efron's charming performance. It's best suited as a Lifetime TV movie-of-the-week. 
fair Charlie St. Cloud will be a dream come true for the Nicholas Sparks crowd (especially considering that it is more honest and certainly smarter than recent legitimate adaptations Dear John and The Last Song). 
very_bad A touching and heartfelt examination of -- OMG!!! Zac just took his shirt off!!! 
bad The good news is that Efron continues to get better with each film; he just hasn't gotten a role yet that will finally put his acting potential to the test. 
bad An over-sentimental effort that incorporates love, drama, bereavement, comedy, seagoing adventure and mystical uplift... 
bad Zac Efron will probably break out of the heartthrob mold eventually, but Charlie St. Cloud is not going to be the one to do it for him. 
terrible A melodramatic and hopelessly disorganized feature-length episode of "The Ghost Whisperer" that trots out an exhausted "Sixth Sense" escape clause after painting itself into one too many narrative corners. 
bad It's a ludicrous blend of melodrama and supernatural elements, and the results suggest what might happen if sappy author Nicholas Sparks and twisty filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan ever joined forces. 
very_bad He is noble. He is virtuous. He is often wet. 
very_bad Efron does a serviceable job in this young-adult drama that blends elements of fantasy, romance, and weepies into a package that is unconventional despite its relative predictability. 
terrible Some bad movies should carry a leper's bell to warn off ticket buyers. Such a contagion is Charlie St. Cloud, a load of mawkish swill starring Zac Efron. 
very_bad The story's icky, frankly. 
bad Even at his lowest points Charlie appears ready to audition for a skin-care or Calvin Klein commercial. 
bad The characters and their supernatural love triangle are developed with a businesslike efficiency that makes it almost impossible to invest in them emotionally. 
bad The movie's central gimmick isn't enough, and when more supernatural twists that don't play by the movie's own fantasy rules kick in, it lost me. 
bad Zac Efron is going places as an actor of value. But he deserves better movies than Charlie St. Cloud. 
very_bad Shallow homilies ultimately dominate, but there's a deeper movie trying to get out from behind the greeting card. 
very_bad The schmaltzy spawn of The Sixth Sense. 
bad A fine little fable of business world mores that has the gross misfortune to turn into a horror film at a time when nobody quite knew what horror was. 
very_good Mike Nichols' underrated 1994 hybrid not only of wolf and man, but also of satire and horror...an eccentric film that may well be regarded, decades hence, as a movie classic. [Blu-ray] 
bad With the always edgy, slightly demonic, and predictably unpredictable Jack Nicholson as the wolf man, it actually works . . . almost. 
good Worth it to see Nicholson the wolf in fang-to-fang battle. 
good Up until the rote ending, an elegant and witty take on the werewolf story. 
good On the surface a literate werewolf thriller, the subtext of Mike Nichols' Wolf is a sharp critique about what it takes to succeed in the cutthroat corporate world. 
very_bad Plenty of Howl, Little Bite 
very_bad Cerebral werewolf yarn that just doesn't work. 
very_bad Never succeeds in recreating the classics. 
bad 'Jack Nicholson as a lycanthrope' is an interesting pitch, and it makes for a decent enough film. 
bad A different approach to the werewolf saga, aided by Nicholson's bizarre performance 
good It is movies like Wolf that reinvigorate the movie fan lurking inside us all, showing us that commercial and artistic success can truly coexist in modern cinema. 
good An excellent movie directed by Mike Nichols. 
very_bad Nichols tries mightily to put a new spin on a very old tale, but try as he might, he never gets much off the ground. 
bad Nicholson as a werewolf is kind of redundant, isn't it? 
fair Monster movies are supposed to frighten the audience; this one fails utterly in that arena. 
good Most of the way, Wolf is quite satisfying, and Nicholson is in top form. 
good It's a wonderfully entertaining and beautifully performed film. 
good An effective attempt to place a werewolf story in an incongruous setting, with the closely observed details of that setting used to make the story seem more believable. 
bad Blomkamp is clearly a man of ideas, but with the exception of District 9, he has been unable to fully articulate those ideas through character and action, a problem that is unfortunately confirmed by Chappie's muddled themes and misguided tonal shifts. 
good Superbly satisfying on many levels, Chappie might be one of the best movies of the year. 
terrible An astonishing, overstuffed mess, with at least two wholly different plotlines for two completely different movies. 
bad Chappie the character is endearing enough to elevate Chappie the movie and help overcome some of the film's deficiencies. 
bad It's noisy, bloated, confused, derivative, singularly lacking in point and occasionally obnoxious. But at worst, it's just a forgettable mediocrity -- not some kind of crime against humanity. 
bad While not an entirely brainless experiment, too many scrap parts in the script lead Chappie and its cast astray 
fair Three films into his career, Blomkamp has proven himself as a storyteller with a lot on his mind. 
bad If only our hero were likable or emotionally compelling, viewers might be able to overlook Blomkamp's frenzied, overreaching plot. 
very_bad Chops together familiar ideas and design from many far better features. 
bad Blomkamp's strength lies in his unabashed populism, an extension of his sympathy with the underdog. 
fair Violent and disturbing, especially in the implications of its quite brilliant final twist. 
bad Neill Blomksmp's stylish heavy-metal hardware short-circuits into chaos. 
fair The emotional power of Chappie's portrayal makes it stirring to watch but it just doesn't feel like enough care was taken with the rest of the film surrounding the robot. 
very_bad With 'Chappie,' Blomkamp doesn't have a lot to say, which leaves us with a movie that is all shell and no heart. 
bad The robot Chappie is brought to life awesomely by actor Sharlto Copley and the boffins at WETA, and much of your tolerance for the film will hinge on whether you find Die Antwoord endearing or not. 
good The robot works, and so, too, does Blomkamp's movie. 
fair [Blomkamp is] back on track with Chappie, the latest in a long line of films about how artificial intelligence inevitably morphs into something far beyond what its Makers -- er, programmers -- intended, sometimes with a sinister turn, sometimes not. 
very_bad It's a film that knows and loves science-fiction cinema: its grimy dystopian milieu and social conscience marries it, perhaps too closely, to the director's previous films. 
bad The execution of the Chappie character is idiotic, Blomkamp trying to wring laughs out of a robot that spews pidgin-gangster jargon and swaggers while clutching its groin. 
very_bad While the visual effects are spectacularly seamless, they're in the service of a movie which devolves from vaguely funny to just-plain silly to numbingly gory. 
bad Here comes the elevator pitch: it's Three Men and a Baby meets Short Circuit via Robocop minus the satire. Bonkers, right? Wait, come back! 
terrible Modern fairy tale, vision of sci-fi dystopia or dark comedy; like the identity crisis of the film's robot, Chappie suffers from not knowing what it wants to be and a script full of dialog for simpletons and nonsensical moments galore doesn't help 
bad Too tonally conflicted to engage our sympathies. 
bad Too enthralled by the urgent rush of scenario to pause for the contemplation. It is one of those movies that reacts before it thinks. 
bad ...an R-rated fairy tale with...technology as magic. While 'Chappie' is easy to love, his film fails to elicit the same emotion. 
bad There are some great ideas here but they are sadly undermined by a script with a fluctuating level of intelligence. 
very_bad There are flashes of genius in this recycled robot movie but if feels like Blompkamp is running worryingly short of ideas. 
very_bad You may find yourself wanting every character in this thing to die horribly. And quickly. 
bad It looks like writer-director Neill Blomkamp might be a one-trick pony ... and that one trick was District 9. 
very_bad ..most of the tonal choices made to flesh this out are disastrous. 
good ...this film surprised the heck out of me...a lot of action but is still appealing and humorous at the same time, with some sub-themes of personal identity and the ability to take control of one's own existence. 
bad Vince can't sell his robot to the police because -- get this -- it has too many guns. Bring that bad boy to America, dude. We'll have it inside day care centers in a week. 
bad There's material in Chappie for a worthwhile motion picture but too little is explored by Blomkamp to make this worth a trip to a theater. 
fair Chappie succeeds in Blomkamp's goal: exploring a heightened version of childhood development told through the lens of gritty science-fiction and gangster stereotypes. 
very_bad Chappie is the second movie in a row in which Blomkamp fails at both social commentary and basic storytelling. 
terrible It may be too sloppy and indulgent to actually call good, but that still leaves room for words like heartfelt, trippy, personal, and even admirable. 
fair The film has a sly sense of humor and style to spare; the production design seamlessly integrates futuristic tropes and industrial decay. It just collapses in the third act. 
very_bad Blomkamp stages engaging action sequences, but his film's tone switches from violence to campy to drama with dizzying frequency, as the story bounces from interesting, to predictable, to highly illogical, to just plain dumb. 
very_bad Uncommonly annoying. Chappie tries to combine the silly sweetness of Short Circuit with the grim, violent satire of RoboCop, and that proves to be as disastrous as it sounds. 
bad Chappie is an ambitious futuristic epic that struggles to balance its more philosophical elements with Blomkamp's cartoonish instinct to blow everything to smithereens. Not exactly subtle but still a watchable guilty pleasure. 
very_bad As I listened to all this, and periodically checked how much time was left, I couldn't help reflecting that where I come from, Chappie is a dog's dinner. 
bad The dialogue is simplistic but the film is atmospheric and fitfully entertaining, thanks largely to the charms of Visser and Sharlto Copley, who plays Chappie via motion capture. 
bad I didn't think there was room in my heart for another kind-bot-in-a-cruel-world. I was wrong. 
very_bad Jackman and Patel are largely wasted in their one-note roles, and you'll barely notice Sigourney Weaver 
fair This is a well-meaning film with a good idea that unfortunately stumbles on its way to its less-than-satisfying end. 
bad One of those incongruous Franken-films that's simultaneously bombastically brutal and treacly. 
best This is Neill Blomkamp's best film since District 9. Despite this being a film that revolves around robots and artificial intelligence, Chappie is one of the most pure, genuine, and heartfelt films to come along this year. 
fair 'Chappie' has a strong first reel and a satisfying conclusion. (Director Neill) Blomkamp should have sought rewrites and an editor for the sequences in between. 
very_bad Underwhelming robot sci-fi thriller is really violent. 
good "Chappie" takes a step back, and rather than pointing an angry finger at human greed, brutality and cowardice, it turns around and suggests that compassion is far more powerful. 
terrible At one point, an anguished Chappie screams out "Why do you humans do this?"-while he is theoretically commenting on the inhumanity of man at this point, I couldn't help but think of it as his plaintive comment on the film as a whole. 
fair All told, the film has a lot of entertainment value, even if it leaves you feeling somewhat unsatisfied. 
terrible A loud and unpleasant "RoboCop" rehash that gives us no one to root for and nothing to think about. 
fair Neill Blomkamp rips off themes from better flicks like RoboCop and Short Circuit, adds language, violence and his unique style. If it's your thing, it's not bad. 
terrible Chappie kind of looks like Johnny 5 on steroids! Sadly, the steroids have taken away all of his charm. 
bad If Chappie director Neill Blomkamp's potential sinks any faster he'll be in M. Night Shyamalan territory before too long. 
very_bad This admirable misfire is often endearing and Chappie is creatively designed and feels real, but an unsophisticated approach to its subject matter combined with the slight characterisations edges it perilously close to the scrapheap. 
bad Low on meaning, but full of high-velocity chases, helicopter pursuits, and weapons blasting around empty warehouses marred by graffiti and trash. 
terrible I haven't been as happy to see a movie end since the third "Transformers." 
bad Perhaps it's a good thing that Neill Blomkamp is moving on to direct an Alien sequel because he's in serious need of a change of scenery. 
bad Ultimately, "Chappie" is about someone whom you know to have better instincts that you hope win out in the end. After this, you'll feel the same about Blomkamp. It's the kind of bad from which he can bounce back ... but damn, does it hurt to watch. 
terrible Sci-fi filmmaker Neill Blomkamp bolts together used and stolen parts for his robot movie Chappie, and the lamentable result is far from riveting. 
very_bad There are some clever and provocative ideas about artificial intelligence swirling around in Chappie, the latest feature from the District 9 director Neill Blomkamp, but much of the film is derivative and messy. 
terrible Neill Blomkamp's choice of having Ninja and Yolandi Visser (or Vi$$er to be accurate), from the South African rap-rave band Die Antwoord, play, essentially, grotesque versions of themselves is disastrous -- a film-sinking folly. 
bad Forget motion capture. This could have done with a bit of emotion capture. 
very_bad Chappie struggles not to overplay its philosophical questions, but at the expense of never really letting them land. 
bad Just when the movie seems to be hitting its stride, Blomkamp and Tatchell fall back on the reliable and the expected. 
bad A techno thriller about the life of a sentient robot on the mean streets of Johannesburg 
bad It's just a shame that poor Chappie is stuck in a patchwork collection of cliches and, one can only presume, aspects from Blomkamp's favorite '80s sci-fi films. 
fair There are some plot-twisting musings on mortality and the soul that are thoughtful, sure. But they aren't thought through half as fully as Blomkamp's ultraviolent battle choreography. 
bad Never mind that Weaver and Jackman are totally wasted or the laughable lapses in logic, or that it lacks the social resonance of District 9. It's a fun little ride, for at least part of the way. 
bad the contrived, confusing mess that's the result speaks volumes for Blomkamp's future in film... as of now, he's fresh out of original ideas 
very_bad Like Chappie, the movie seems human, but has a cold metal heart. 
very_bad Chappie sets itself up to be a truly breathtaking study of robot and human relations, but just fails to move or compel the audience. 
very_bad "Chappie" is as subtle as a sledgehammer. The latest sci-fi action spectacle from "District 9" and "Elysium" director Neill Blomkamp is also sprawling, bombastic, deafening, ugly and ultra-violent. 
very_bad There are some nice special-effects here, and great production design, but Blomkamp forgot to give us any characters to latch onto. 
fair The concept is undeniably compelling, but portions of this dystopian action thriller begin to feel like a video game. 
very_bad A giant step backward for this once promising filmmaker, a big, dumb blockbuster that's indistinguishable from so many others that roll off the Hollywood assembly line. 
bad I'd hate to think that a machine could ever replace a film critic, but I'd be curious to know what Chappie would think of Chappie. So much about the film doesn't compute. 
terrible "Chappie" is sappy. There's a better rhyme but it's not a word used in family newspapers. 
fair Featuring a lot of what we have come to expect from Blomkamp in both style and substance, the District 9 director's latest epic is high on heart but low on brains, forgetting that we actually need both to make life happen. 
very_bad Sadly, Blomkamp's ideas feel depleted this time, dulled by repetition and other cinematic droids that stretch from HAL 9000 to Ultron. Instead of awe, we get E.T.-aww. 
bad The little-robot-who-could is a combination of Sharlto Copley's performance capture work and visual effects artistry, and the end result is remarkable.That may well be enough for Blomkamp fans, but anyone else can expect to be disappointed by Chappie. 
good Whether you choose to view Blomkamp's vision of our future as inevitable or as a cautionary tale, Chappie, as with Blomkamp's other films before it, does an excellent job of making the pitfalls explicit. 
terrible The film's exasperating atonality washes out any legitimate idea about identity, education, nature versus nurture, or artificial intelligence that Neill Blomkamp hoped to evince. 
terrible It's the audience that's being programmed [here] ... Blomkamp is an outrageously derivative filmmaker, but District 9 is a paragon of originality next to Chappie. 
good So kinetic, so captivatingly crackerjack that attention deficit is no danger for the audience even if it is for the artist. 
terrible If Bono directed films, he'd be Neill Blomkamp. 
bad Coming on at times like District 9.5, Blomkamp's third movie has just about enough spectacle and quirk to overcome some fairly major flaws, not least of which is an unappealing central trio. 
very_bad By the time the plot skitters completely off the rails, that Chappie is Blomkamp's best movie is compelling evidence that he shouldn't be the one making them. 
bad Like its title character, Chappie is stunning to behold and easy to like, but it's still some way from fully developed. 
terrible A misjudgment from metallic head to titanium toe. 
good That you can't quite say exactly what "Chappie" means, but you know and feel that it means something, tells you that it's operating on a level beyond consciousness. It's what makes it a work of art. 
bad Developments become increasingly implausible, even for the world Blomkamp has created. Jackman grows increasingly cartoonish, Weaver is wasted and Patel just sort of exists ... 
bad This is a terrific small film about artificial intelligence wrapped within a much bigger, less involving action blockbuster. 
terrible Comes across like a work in progress that no sane viewer would wish any closer to completion 
very_bad Blomkamp's a far better observer of technological behavior than human behavior; he understands design, but not designers. 
fair Technically auspicious and socially conscious as only writer-director Neill Blomkamp can be, "Chappie" is exceedingly easy to admire if a little more difficult to fully embrace. 
very_bad Can't seem to put the pieces together properly, and Chappie ends up being [Blomkamp's] weakest work yet. 
very_good ...a welcome addition to the long and rich history of the robot in science fiction films. 
bad An uneasy mix of action and philosophy, with simplistic notions of good and evil and mother love proving to be a distraction from the main event. 
bad Blomkamp's third straight sci-fi thriller with a social conscience fails to reach its concept's ambition with much intelligence or insight. 
good Often riveting and always entertaining. 
bad The picture isn't good enough to earn my full-throated defense. A half-hearted defense will have to do. 
bad After the disappointment of Elysium, Blomkamp is back on his game. 
bad A brawny, inventive action romp that's as happy firing rockets at helicopters as it is contemplating the Cartesian model of mind-body dualism. 
bad Chappie may not scale the heights of Blomkamp's Oscar-nominated debut District 9, but it's still an enjoyable blockbuster that's stylishly-made and doesn't scrimp on entertainment value. 
good With its stunning urban landscapes, trash-talking titanium hero and mulleted, God-bothering bad guy (Hugh Jackman, never better), this is hugely entertaining. 
fair Neill Blomkamp's latest sci-fi spectacular plays a little bit more like a retro mash-up than a fresh and exciting melody. But hey, at least it was mixed by Die Antwoord. 
terrible Excruciating...They gave the "Alien" franchise to this guy? 
very_bad Dodgy as it is, there's a nobility and honor to 'Chappie.' Like Copley's probably divisive but game turn, it's committed to a vision. 
very_bad You'll be told repeatedly in whispers and shouts, that Chappie has feelings. It's too bad that neither the philosophy nor the pyrotechnics on-screen in "Chappie" can distract you from your own sinking feeling that you've seen almost all of this before. 
bad Much more than just another martial arts movie. 
good Great follow-up to OUATIC. More of a political conspiracy plot than a cultural one, but still has great fight scenes. 
very_good With its ability to maintain a balance between a high standard of intense action and thought-provoking storytelling, Once Upon a Time in China II accomplishes something very few sequels achieve: it outshines the original. 
bad ...a more controlled, skillfully woven film overflowing with a talented cast and crew. 
good A funny movie for adults and older teens. 
bad Throughout the movie, De Niro scowls and looks as if something smells bad -- and something does. It's the script. 
fair ...the real problem with Showtime is that, for a comedy, it's not nearly funny enough. 
bad Pairing no-nonsense actor Robert De Niro and comedy king Eddie Murphy may have been a clever idea rife with possibilities, but they are working for a creative team that ultimately misses its own point. 
bad Murphy is no more capable of portraying an authentic cop than he is of going to the grocery store without a posse of Hollywood hangers-on. 
best Showtime was right on time. I needed the laugh. 
bad Showtime is closer to Slowtime. 
terrible The thinness of the conception gives the actors so little room to maneuver that they turn in uniformly one-note performances. 
bad E uma pena que, mais tarde, o proprio filme abandone o tom de parodia e passe a utilizar os mesmos cliches que havia satirizado. 
fair Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases. 
very_bad There's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits. 
fair Chalk up another big-name star vehicle that fails to live up to a wealth of potential. 
good It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up. 
very_bad The jokes are stale, the reality TV shtick has been done to death and the action sequences & bad guys are totally 80s... 
good By the time the production reaches its third act, it is nothing but car crashes and shoot-outs. 
bad Both DeNiro and Murphy, no strangers to the buddy-buddy genre, are trapped in what is essentially a futile effort to make Showtime a top-of-the-line parody of the salt-n-pepper partner formulaic flicks of yesteryear 
bad I suspect the writers simply ran out of clever ideas after establishing their basic premise, and coasted through the rest of the script on the creative equivalent of automatic-pilot. 
fair The film benefits from De Niro's personification of the unglamorous, grumpy Mitch, from Murphy's overstressed -- yet amusingly credible -- performance. 
very_bad The numerous references to other movies only show how uninspired this one is. 
bad De Niro and Murphy are never boring and this rickety, messy film remains slightly amusing ... so we'll give it a B. 
good It is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is Hollywood's most serious actor. 
very_bad Murphy's ad-libbed takes and De Niro's surly reactions serve them well, especially when the thrown-together script fails them. 
terrible Good lord almighty, call in the stink police! Trust me, this crime on celluloid should change its title to Stupidtime. 
terrible ...pitiful, slapdash disaster. A DOA dud from frame one. 
bad So pleased with its own spoofy conceit it stays in annoyingly self-amused, predictable mode. 
bad ... Showtime isn't much of a show at all. 
terrible ... aside from a few scenes with Shatner, it just isn't funny. 
terrible You know you've entered flat dramatic terrain when William Shatner towers over it. 
bad The film essentially amounts to 48 HRS. with a reality TV subplot. 
fair [U]neven but frequently engaging comedy ... 
very_bad While dyed-in-the-wool fans of De Niro and Murphy might enjoy what's offered here, it simply isn't as good as others will probably be expecting or hoping. 
good It's definitely a hate-yourself-in- the-morning glut. 
terrible If anyone ever needed a demonstration of what happens to actors when that ventriloquist known as the screenwriter is missing in action, this is it. 
very_bad Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas, and Showtime is crammed full of them. 
very_bad The entire film feels like outtakes. 
terrible De Niro looks bored, Murphy recycles Murphy, and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal. 
bad [De Niro and Murphy] manage to entertain, even if it seems they could have phoned in their performances. 
fair Showtime is by no means great cinema, but it does succeed in taking your mind off terrorism, global warming, taxes, and impending old age for about 95 minutes. 
very_bad Showtime's complete lack of originality oozes off the screen like, um, rancid popcorn butter. 
bad The results are hit and miss and miss again. 
very_bad Everyone involved should be arrested. 
fair [B]eyond proving that there are no new ideas in Hollywood, Showtime could have been worse and is fun in its own small way. 
very_bad [N]o matter how much good will the actors generate, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness. 
fair A good, old-fashioned, suspend-all -disbelief, Hollywood comedy that leaves you laughing like crazy. 
bad It's the chemistry between De Niro and Murphy that makes Showtime work, because it's certainly not the script or Tom Dey's uninspired direction. 
terrible ... most of Showtime is a layering of tired pop-culture tropes by actors who are not especially interested in what they're doing. 
good Between them, De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season. 
terrible So how many exes and children does Robert De Niro have to support, anyway? It's one of the things you could think about while enduring the abysmal Showtime ... 
fair Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days, but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired. 
terrible It's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie, trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness. 
good Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made, Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while. Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon, anyway. 
bad Given that the new comedy Showtime stars Eddie Murphy and Robert De Niro, it's disconcerting, discouraging and downright disorienting to realize halfway through it that what you'd really like is to see a bit more of William Shatner. 
bad The movie's funny in the opening scenes and then forgets why it came to play. 
bad Intentionally or not, the writers and director Tom Dey have made about as unreal a cop movie as you'll see. 
very_bad Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon, but Showtime's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks. 
fair [P]artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting. The catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders. 
good Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation. 
bad Sloppy, half-baked mess. 
terrible A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director, Tom Dey, had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours (and, for that matter, Shrek). 
fair Showtime is like a pair of comfortable old shoes. There's nothing new or particularly exciting about them, but you like to put them on just the same. 
bad Generally funny, though it eventually devolves into the standard buddy cop flick it sets out to spoof. 
terrible One can't call a movie this stupid a "satire" of anything but unintentionally of itself. 
terrible ... the script for Showtime, which was rushed into production to avoid last year's anticipated actors' strike, is so achingly generic it can't even score points off as easy a target as Shatner. 
very_bad One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart. 
terrible The story is boring, the action scenes are fine as far as they go, but the whole thing's a waste of time. Don't waste your time. 
good DeNiro shows he is capable of inspired silliness in this affectionate parody of buddy cop films. 
bad It's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer, squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain. 
fair Even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog, and Robert De Niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy. 
bad The film is nothing more than a re-hash of other individual Murphy and De Niro outings. 
fair Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy, but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws. 
bad De Niro can't be blamed for looking mighty uncomfortable in this tepid comedy. 
bad Sloppy construction and a ludicrous subplot drag down the energy, allowing it to surface in mere fits and starts. 
very_bad A grating, emaciated flick. 
fair Showtime is a lighthearted buddy cop comedy in which Eddie Murphy steals the show. 
bad It's pathetically sanctimonious to make a satire that becomes, then grossly exceeds, that which it's meant to mock. 
bad Impossibly lightweight for TV satire. 
very_bad 0.5 
terrible The Promise is an over-wrought and laughably goofy film, an empty and pale imitation of the far better films that have gone on before it. 
fair Faustian bargain with a goddess. Huge armies march. Men out-race the wind. Assassins make devious plots. Spectacular scenes generated largely in computers. 
terrible A queer camp classic. 
good A fairy tale for adults that allows the viewer to inhabit an entirely different world, and in doing so, becomes an exercise of the imagination. 
bad Beautiful but slight. 
very_bad An epic fantasy that tries to outdo Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon but doesn't touch us emotionally. 
very_bad Chen Kaige may seriously think he's creating film art in his empty Promise, but he's best at slinging bull, lots of them. 
good if you can plant your tongue in your cheek and accept the exuberant goofiness of the special effects, "The Promise" actually turns out to be a decently entertaining slash-and-kick flick. 
bad Just about everything is choppy. 
very_bad This isn't nearly as good as it claims to be. 
fair The finale [is] literally a deus ex machina, which will thrill classic-lit majors but leave everyone else feel cheated. 
bad Flimsy, fake-looking weaponry, bad wigs, grandiose scoring, overacting, simplistic dialogue, illogically elaborate staging, and a plot that goes out of its way to be predictable... 
fair Chen's tale of mythic chivalry is filled with beautifully designed sets, lovingly detailed costumes and elaborate martial-arts sequences. Unfortunately, it also sports amateurish digital effects that often mar the beauty of this world. 
fair With The Promise Chen Kaige has proven enough of a professional that he can make the product. But he remains too much of an artist not to scribble on his signature. 
bad Chen's strength seems to be more with character-driven stories; here's hoping that his next film returns to more comfortable ground. 
terrible Laden with a plot that could generously be called silly or, less forgivingly, stupid, it never achieves lift-off despite numerous scenes of warriors doing battle in midair. 
bad Everyone is a maximal design statement plugged into volatile action and pretty scenery, but it might be the deluxe origami folding of a silk diaper, its myth-telling so primal as to seem childish. 
fair It's another intriguing entry in the sometimes wacky, often wonderful world of kung-fu fantasy. 
bad It's a colorful, kaleidoscopic film, but it's also far too obvious that the actors are standing in front of green screens. 
bad Gorgeous costumes, elaborate fights and the illusion of swooning romance don't amount to very much if you don't care about any of the characters for a single second. 
good Simply in terms of its visual poetry, the exhilarating effects of image upon image of dazzling impossibility, The Promise is not to be missed. 
good [The film elicits] the wide-eyed joy of seeing hundreds of soldiers ride through sets of colossal extravagance. And the sweet release of, briefly, suspending all holds on reality or even logic -- and surrendering to the joys of a fairy tale. 
terrible The Promise employs laughable computer effects and second-rate martial-arts fighting to tell the hard-to-figure story of a princess and her three lovers. 
fair There's a studied artificiality and painterliness about the backgrounds that works nicely with a story that's about as far from realism as you can get. For many that will be enough. For the rest of us, The Promise slowly slides into an exercise. 
fair Overwrought and hokey. 
bad Fish gotta fly, birds gotta swim, and arthouse directors gotta try their hands at mega-budget action films. 
fair As is evident by the film's strong start and faltering finale, the trouble with any promise is failing to keep it. 
good In the midst of such unrelenting splendour, it's easy to nod gratefully -- and then to nod off. 
bad Much of The Promise resembles a Cirque du Soleil extravaganza, which makes it tough to take seriously. 
bad Perhaps the least-satisfying of the many martial-arts/costume dramas that have followed in the wake of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. 
fair It's impossible not to be bowled over by the magnificent costumes, the atmospheric otherworldly sets and the lush cinematography. The tragic, nearly operatic love isn't nearly as impressive. 
fair Oddly, The Promise -- which takes place hundreds, even thousands, of years ago, when art directors ruled the earth -- is flagrantly otherworldly but in a way that somehow weighs the picture down. 
bad [Chen Kaige] reaches for big ideas about destiny and free will, but those remain philosophical abstractions. (And by the end, the film contradicts itself.) 
very_bad One can only hope that Chen takes this as a learning experience and returns to the kind of artistry with which he first forged his very deserved reputation. 
bad It suggests that talented Chinese directors are being led astray by the seductions of CGI and wirework fantasies. 
very_bad A mess of a movie. 
fair In this era of obsessive and globally connected cult cinema fans, it's foolish to give the movie's core target audience an excuse to skip the theatrical experience for the more 'authentic' home edition available uncut on import DVD. 
terrible It is such a catastrophic failure that it is amazing to consider it was ever allowed out of China and into the global cinemas. 
fair It's not exactly high art, nor is it zippy fun, but it definitely has something, a lack of pretentiousness perhaps? 
very_bad barely delivers the goods necessary for the genre 
bad Fans of newer Asian martial-arts movies will be satisfied with The Promise, especially because it contains the aerial wirework and swordplay expected of such movies. But the film is not as accomplished as the work of Ang Lee or Yimou Zhang. 
bad The Promise is far too convoluted, jarringly shifting from fantasy to comedy to tragic romance to war epic without warning, never settling in one place. 
bad A lavish spectacle somewhere between grand opera and cartoon about a love triangle involving a general, a slave and a cursed princess. 
very_bad The producers should have allocated part of their huge budget for a couple of script polishes. 
very_bad A princess with a curse, a case of mistaken identity and some of the worst special effects in a film by a world-class director. 
bad The over-the-top acting is forgivable, but the plot's incoherence is not. 
very_bad Chen Kaige's fall from cinematic grace is writ large across his latest epic film, the failed martial-arts romantic drama The Promise. 
terrible The Promise has gorgeous visuals (in these movies, the cherry trees are always in bloom). But it's marred by stuttery storytelling and cruddy special effects. 
bad A messy fairy tale that speaks to tainted ambition and destiny. 
fair That Chen is able to somewhat collect himself and the film toward the end just highlights how potentially great the film could have been. 
very_good It's a knockout that works on many levels. 
fair Using mostly amateur performers and improvised dialogue, Mr. Silver has created a profoundly awkward riff on dysfunction that's uneventful but not unrewarding. 
good Nathan Silver's film is a quiet and affecting micro-budgeted drama, its condensed frame evoking the claustrophobic feeling of the household it examines. 
bad Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking. 
bad The sarcastic, nasty tone of smug hipness clashes mightily with the film's shrill attempts at sincerity and lesson-learning. 
very_good A a computer-animated burlesque fairy tale that generates more belly laughs than any live-action comedy since Best in Show. 
fair The animation, with its dimensional verisimilitude, is beguiling and the whole package ends with a noncloying dash of uplift. 
good There's no denying that the monster-as-hero device has 90-odd-minutes worth of entertainment mileage, and the delivery of the story's moral is handled well enough to avoid tweeness. 
good This animated fantasy comedy from DreamWorks is an irreverent, occasionally scatological fairy tale with state-of-the-art computer-generated images that almost steal a march on Toy Story. 
best The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication. 
good The story has rollicking moments and the visuals are amazingly realistic. 
best Gross-out laughs meet a marvelous fairytale mix. 
best Though imperfect, "Shrek" offers enough diversions from animation's go-go-go that it's been sad - after lackluster third and fourth installments - to see the lovable green guy turn the way of impersonal franchise cash-grabbing. 
very_good It's one of the best fairytale films ever made, right up there with The Princess Bride. 
good Shrek is amusing and charming and it stands on it's own, but it does not rival Disney's best and I'm not saying it needs to, but that simply is the bar. 
fair I seem to be the only one in the world unimpressed by this so-so animated feature. 
best Absolute perfection! 
very_good Bottom line: the story satisfies and the jokes avoid juvenile cliches. 
good What saves this movie are the performances by the actors, particularly Murphy and Myers. 
good The animation...is amazing. 
best Excelente fabula que encanta tanto criancas quanto adultos gracas ao seu humor acido e ao seu visual impressionante. 
good ...Altogether hip and clever, and the computer-generated 3-D animation is impeccably crisp and colorful. 
very_good A fresh twist on the fairytale humor genre. 
good Recommended. 
very_good Big-hearted, silly, wicked and loaded with laughs. 
very_good Sure, there's fun in the premise of a self-conscious fairy tale, mixing adventure and satire, but the film really got me when it eased up a bit on the cynicism and proved to have a big heart after all. 
good A movie that adults will easily enjoy every bit as much as the kids, maybe even more so. 
very_good A funny, well-paced, and satisfying twisted fairy tale. 
very_good A contemporary, yet sophisticated, concoction that throws almost every cliche...yet casts a spell over us with its charm and inventiveness. 
bad There are numerous faults in Shrek, enough to addle the brain. Chief among these are the narrative infirmities, which begin with the attempt at creating a fairytale that subverts the storytelling conventions of tradition. 
very_good Forget Pinocchio or Snow White: children will want their parents to read them the adventures of Shrek when it's time to pick a bedtime story. 
good There is really something for everyone in this movie. 
very_good Has a diabolical sense of humor and a really big heart. 
very_good It delivers what the founders of DreamWorks Pictures originally promised -- alternative yet accessible entertainment. 
good It's the story itself that makes the film so endearing -- we actually start to care for the characters, even though we know from the start how it will all end. 
good Nothing in the world of fairy-tale cartoons appears to have been sacred. 
best Mother Goose meets Mad Magazine in easily one of the year's most entertaining movies. 
best ...one of the most delightful, charming, imaginative and superlative endeavors that computer animation has offered since the original 'Toy Story'... 
very_good La mas jocosa, magica y deslumbrante experiencia filmica del ano 
good This fable structure is allied to both a witty cynicism and sense of fun, which pervades the entire movie in equal measure. 
bad At the heart of it lies a little story about love and acceptance that is actually rather bonny. 
very_good "Shrek" is more than just a dazzling technical achievement in digital animation, it is a witty, clever, charming romantic comedy about heroism, love and friendship. 
very_good "SHREK was good. SHREK was funny. SHREK kept me entertained. I had a blast." 
best A delightfully irreverent fairy tale. 
best The new technology is opening up entire worlds for moviegoers. Shrek is a prime example of this new movie magic. 
fair A sly comic gem, combining a genuinely clever, very well-written story with definitive computer animation and a subversive spin. 
best The characters are so three-dimensional you forget you're watching painted digital creatures thought up by animation wizards. 
best The millennium's first great animated classic has been born. Long live Shrek! 
best A visually stunning animation masterpiece - Shrek is one heck of a movie. 
fair A clever, amusing little film, but its smugness about being more politically correct than Disney is misplaced. 
best The best animated movie to hit the big screen since Toy Story. 
good This is beautiful work. 
best A movie that appeals to the eye, mind, heart and funny bone. 
best Despite all its high-tech weirdness, is really that most perdurable of human constructions, a tale told well and true. 
best Jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart. 
good The movie is helped immensely by its cast, who carry it through some of the early, sluggish scenes. But this is Murphy's movie. Donkey gets most of the good lines, and Murphy hits every one. 
very_good An animated gem, on a par with the best of the modern era. 
very_good Not just a good 'kids' film,' but a genuinely funny comedy. 
best A fat green ogre with a grouchy disposition and worse manners, Shrek is the sort of unlikely hero that nobody could love -- except just about everyone who sees this hip and hilarious animated delight. 
good A gleefully fractured fairy tale that never becomes cynical or crass. 
best Swift, sweet, irreverent, rangy and as spirited in the writing and voice work as it is splendid in design. 
best It has the big green earmarks of a classic. 
fair Much of it seems a little sad, a deconstructivist overlay of jaded irony. 
very_good Not quite as clever as the Toy Story films, but still features some first-rate vocal performances by Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and John Lithgow. 
good The lack of manipulative sentimentality in Shrek allows for the more serious moments to be genuinely touching and meaningful. 
best Fast, irreverent and magnificently animated and acted. 
very_good A picture that truly is a perfect family film. 
fair Toy Story 2 had a higher in-jokes/laughs ratio without straining to demonstrate its hipness or to evoke heartfelt emotions. 
good A drolly satirical but genuinely enchanting animated adventure. 
good A rollicking good time. 
fair Torturing the Gingerbread Man? I'm sold. 
good Beating up on the irritatingly dainty Disney trademarks is nothing new; it's just that it has rarely been done with the demolition-derby zest of Shrek. 
very_good Even though Shrek never enters Pixar's rarified league, it is an imaginative and side-splitting movie that is a treat for young and old. 
best On its own merits, it's great fun. 
best This isn't just a fractured fairy tale, it's a storybook vision in a mushroom cloud of imagination and fun. 
fair Big hit with kids AND adults but didn't gratify me. 
fair Not to say that the film isn't amusing, but if you were looking for the Disney-killer, keep looking. 
very_good This isn't your grandmother's animated movie. 
good A fresh fruitatious smorgasbord of laughter that has but one disappointing blemish. 
very_good Shrek is not a guilty pleasure for sophisticated movie-goers; it is, purely and simply, a pleasure. 
very_good A world-class charmer. 
fair This postmodern Dreamworks cartoon takes brilliant, albeit infrequenet, jabs at Disney's totalitarian control of the fairy tale genre. 
good Chalk this sucker up with Toy Story 2 and Chicken Run in the 'fun for the whole family' category. 
best The same low-tech requirements hold in the high-tech world of digital cinema: it all starts with the script. 
very_good A new animated classic has been born. 
good Tremendously important Bergman, even it it doesn't have the instant cachet of his more famous and direct movies. 
very_good Both a rebuke to critics and a confession of charlatanism, The Magician puts forward a one-of-a-kind examination of the problem of truth in life and in art. [Blu-ray] 
good reflects Bergman's fundamental understanding of the cinema as an illusionistic play of light and shadow that can nonetheless reveal some of the deepest recesses of the human experience 
good The movie has elements of Gothic horror and philosophy, along with lusty, low comedy rolls. 
very_good THe Magician is still fascinating, presenting a myriad of challenging ideas about magic, reality, and the nature of film itself. 
best Seldom has a director encountered so many frustrations and obstacles, and turned those obstructions into inspirations, integrating them into his vision. 
best A Shakespeare movie that lives and breathes like few others. 
good Welles genius behind the camera brings one of the Bard's darkest plays to life. 
best Othello has been filmed numerous times, but never with such extraordinary visual grace and power. 
very_good The text of the original play has been slashed to its bare bones, with bravura cinematography and editing also helping make this a taut, visceral experience. 
bad There are flashes of brilliant suggestion in this tumbled, slurred, and helter-skelter film. But they add up to nothing substantial -- just a little Shakespeare and a lot of Welles. 
good Noir drama without the usual suspects...dark, macabre and delightfully done. 
best Welles gives the Shakespeare classic a visceral punch that's often missing from theatrical adaptations. 
good Any film student who hasn't seen this film has not completed his education. And for the rest of us, this Othello is a fascinating film with moments of great power. 
good From its opening shots, where the camera looks down on a solemn funeral procession, Othello exhibits Welles' flair for dramatic compositions. 
very_good Garbo is stunning. 
bad Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm. 
fair A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917. 
bad Very little of it adds up to a movie. 
very_good Their valiant attempt to find themselves is stirring, and sometimes depressing, as they backslide into alcohol and drugs. 
good "Sons of Perdition" is a captivating testament, but the silence of the daughters is the real revelation. 
fair The FLDS exiles featured in Sons of Perdition fare better than you might expect and a "where are they now" coda provides more encouraging news. 
bad What's here is compelling, if occasionally hard to follow. 
bad Infernal Affairs III reveals the desperate lengths men will go to protect their covers and to survive the internal agonies of fear, stress and lack of trust. 
bad It seemingly exists to buff its predecessors' rough spots but only tarnishes their memories. 
best One of the best scary movies ever made, one of the best scary movies even imaginable. 
best A masterpiece. 
best The first time I saw Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, I had to turn it off during three key moments... Perhaps this time, I prayed, [it] would seem almost comically silly. Yeah, not so much. 
very_good ...above all a movie about spaces, and how few things are more frightening than not knowing which way to go. 
best Strange and deeply creepy. 
best The technique is as overpowering as Nicholson's performance, which is both hammy and deeply disturbing. 
bad Kubrick's compositions and Jack Nicholson going kill-crazy with an axe remain hard to beat on the big screen. 
best Re-cut or not, The Shining remains one of the most viscerally disturbing films ever made. 
best Deeply scary and strange. 
best Essential viewing. Prepare to be disturbed. 
best Its artful ambiguities are immersive. Check in. 
good Kubrick doesn't dumb it down or anything, but he's not actively trying to appeal only to film connoisseurs either. If any of his movies could be called mainstream, it's this one. 
best The Shining is an intense and not always ingratiating experience, a natural bookend to 2001... 
good As a ghost story and adaptation of the Stephen King novel, it's largely a failure. On the other hand, as an example of directorial bravura and as a study of madness and the unreliable narrator, it's a brilliant success. 
best The Shining met the fate of several other Stanley Kubrick films when it came out; most viewers did not like it, so they rejected it. Most importantly, they did not understand it in any way which allowed them to deal with it constructively. 
best It's the experience more so than the actual content of The Shining that radiates cold, anti-humanly indifferent terror. 
best Ostensibly a haunted house story, it manages to traverse a complex world of incipient madness, spectral murder and supernatural visions... and also makes you jump. 
best The movie is not about ghosts but about madness and the energies it sets loose in an isolated situation primed to magnify them. 
best With remarkable visual panache and a keen sense of irony, Stanley Kubrick rehabilitates Stephen King's trashy, terrifying novel. 
best Kubrick's use of space and the eerie steadycam have never been put to better use. 
best Kubrick's spellbinding 1980 horror epic is one of the true masterpieces to come out of the genre. And Nicholson's descent into unbridled insanity is simply unforgettable. 
fair "Here's Johnny!" ... Kubrick's grandiose Jack-in-a-box shocker is a fright, but it's hardly up to his earlier brilliance. 
best Regardless of how you read the film, there's little denying that it's a masterful work. 
good An immortal classic. 
very_bad One of Kubrick's most severely overcooked, overdetermined projects; Duvall fascinates, but the rest bores and wearies. 
best Among a handful of the scariest movies ever made. 
best The beauty of Kubrick's film is the ambiguity of it all . . . will leave the gears turning long after the credits stop. 
very_good Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film. 
very_bad The trappings are brilliant, but Kubrick ultimately loses the essence of the source material - and he's too good to expect anything less. 
good Among that rare class of adaptations: it is as good as or better than the source material. 
very_good A mysterious, haunting, visual experience. 
good Boy will it chill your blood. 
good By the second hour all hell breaks loose, and in the last few minutes it's sheer terror. 
best A deliberately paced, but endlessly creepy, horrifying motion picture. 
very_good Strays from the source material, but still a creepy classic. 
best Kubrick's showcase of abilities, both with the camera and his characters, are incomparably haunting. 
fair Not Kubrick's greatest work (let's be honest: entire sections of this film make no sense at all), but hey, it's creepy as hell. 
very_good Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright. 
very_good One of the scariest films I've ever seen. And I'm not easily scared. 
bad A little tastier but still far from a gourmet feast. 
terrible Despite some gratuitous allusions to Gitmo, the third-rate effects and the two-bit characters make this a summer wipeout. 
terrible When Jessica Alba was at the MTV Movie Awards she called Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer the best family/comedy of the summer. That alone should spell disaster for a superhero film. 
bad It doesn't suck. Or maybe I went into the theater with such low expectations that it couldn't possibly be as bad as my imagination had concocted. 
bad While the gags are aimed squarely at a family audience, there's nothing wrong with that and this is certainly a film you could take even tiddlers to without worrying they are going to have nightmares later. 
bad Can't anyone in comic book movies come up with new villains anymore? 
very_bad This sequel is out, overall succumbing to the weaknesses of the first movie, which, once again, relegates it to sitting at the kids' table at the gathering of comic book movies. 
bad Much better than the first; OK for tweens and up. 
very_bad For a film that's supposed to be playful, it's an awful, tedious drudge. 
very_bad Characters to love, story to hate. 
good I have read many of the legitimate criticisms of this sequel, and I agree with them, and I do not care. 
good As the Surfer rises, so too does this franchise. 
fair While not entirely fantastic, this Four is fun, fast-paced, and family friendly. 
very_bad A merciful dearth of plot in favor of mindless set pieces, so-so effects work and passable PG-rated humor. 
best With the wedding ruined and the future of the world at stake, it's showtime. Suddenly, Tim Story goes CGI crazy delivering scene after scene of edge-of-your-seat action that will make your eyeballs bleed. 
terrible While it might be better than the first one, it still sucks. 
very_bad The film's effects people perform many miracles, from draining the River Thames to ensuring that the Thing produces a convincing smile. But one thing they can't do is to make the unfailingly wholesome Mr Fantastic and friends worth worrying about. 
terrible Rise of the Silver Surfer is both relentlessly dull and curiously bombastic. 
very_bad Uma experiencia consideravelmente melhor do que o original %u2013 o que, na pratica, e o mesmo que dizer que e "melhor" ser abocanhado por um leao faminto do que por dois. 
very_bad somehow Jessica Alba's acting has taken a turn for the worse, and Chris Evans has the audacity to only take his shirt off for three seconds 
fair The silver surfer is an outstanding competitor for sci-fi superhumanity's best concepts and affords the series a sweeping interplanetary scale. 
very_bad The makers of the franchise better find something more interesting for their four heroes to do -- and quick. 
bad It's PG-rated summer popcorn fluff at its best, and while the new additions might irritate the hardcore FF fanatics, those simply looking for a check-your-brain-at-the-door night out at the movies will certainly surf away satisfied. 
fair Slightly improved over the original, Rise of the Silver Surfer provides some better-than-average visual effects, but an inconsequential plot. 
terrible The performances are plywooden, the cornball visual gags are groanworthy, and Tim Story still can't direct his way out a sack with a map. 
bad Fantastic fun. 
bad ...[this] second episode could hardly help being an improvement. 
terrible Anything more would be cheating the great wide swaths of gibbering no-brow-bia: the baseball-cap-askew-nation, text-messaging their way through the dead spots. 
very_bad click for full review 
bad Impressive not because of anything that's said, but for the realization that you're watching the screen be dominated by Jessica Alba and a piece of CGI without ever once experiencing the urge to gnaw through your own shoulder. 
bad If ever a film franchise needed to come equipped with a Reboot button, it's this one. 
fair Far more entertaining and ambitious than its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a surprisingly effective summer movie and a huge improvement over the lackluster 2005 original. 
very_bad The good news is that it doesn't think it's Shakespeare, Citizen Kane and grand opera all rolled into one. The bad news is that it still isn't any good. 
good Rise of the Silver Surfer isn't a huge improvement, and it doesn't even try to reinvent the wheel, but its minor upgrades here and there make a cumulative difference. 
bad With its goofy-ass combat scenes and sitcom-level dialogue, Rise of the Silver Surfer is aimed squarely at the 12-and-under crowd. 
bad Once again, the action feels pedestrian, the special effects simply aren't that special and the acting is nearly nonexistent. 
very_bad ...the movie has all the depth of a video game. These aren't people. They're not even interesting characters. They're game pieces. 
terrible The worst comic book adaptation since, well, since Fantastic Four 1. An unimaginative disaster that takes forever to end, as if the celluloid is being stretched by Mr. Fantastic to make the movie last ten times longer than ninety minutes. 
terrible Surfer is just as lousy on every level as its predecessor. 
very_bad It's still not fantastic. But I wouldn't be surprised if, eventually, there weren't four of these. 
very_bad Sure, the CGI work is all pro and the Silver Surfer effect is a cool visual but the dumb lines and forced chemistry just don't cut it. 
fair Capably blends action, sci-fi and comedy into one colorful concoction. 
fair Maintains the tongue-in-cheek quality of the first film without falling into camp. 
bad The dialogue is dumb drivel, the acting is atrocious and the bodaciously buff title character looks like a shiny hood ornament. 
fair With a livelier script and stronger production values, this sequel far outdoes the 2004 original. 
bad Yet another disappointing sequel in a summer filled with far too many of them. 
bad But for the second film, Story and company have smartly turned to one of Marvel's most intriguing characters, the Silver Surfer (body by Doug Jones, voice courtesy of Laurence Fishburne). 
good Rise is exactly what a superhero movie should be: an entertaining, family-friendly popcorn flick with even doses of humor, heroism and heart. 
bad As far as minor triumphs go, at least Story's disposable film is shrewd enough to understand, embrace, and then stay true to its iconic comic book source material's lighthearted spirit. 
good It's interesting how societal change is reflected in movies. Not long ago, a mainstream movie wouldn't have portrayed the legitimate U.S. military openly torturing a prisoner. 
fair If you liked the first Fantastic Four film, you'll probably enjoy the sequel even more. 
good Fantastic? Maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. Thrilling, engaging and totally adequate are more fitting adjectives to the latest superhero special effects bonanza. 
very_bad The series needs to find its place or just give up. 
good Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a vast and significant improvement -- if not quite "fantastic," then the next best thing: It does not suck. 
bad If not entirely a downer, this is no topper. 
fair Like its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer seems intentionally B-grade, a happy gap-filler between more prestigious comic-book films. 
fair I had a few laughs, I enjoyed the elaborate special effects, the characters are entertaining and unpretentious, and I got out of the theater in about 90 minutes. 
very_bad For non comic book fans over the age of 13, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a tedious, incoherent bore. For comic book fans of any age, it is an atrocity. 
fair something we haven't seen in comic book movies in recent years - an honest attempt to capture the childhood essence of the fantasy 
good This is one of those superhero movies in which the superheroes are not nearly as charismatic as the villain. Luckily for this sequel, the Silver Surfer is on the scene. 
terrible Rise of the Silver Surfer is an existentially and aesthetically unnecessary sequel to the equally irrelevant if depressingly successful Fantastic Four. 
good The most flat out fun you'll have watching any superhero movie this year. 
bad Director Tim Story does the same sort of efficient, impersonal job he did on the first movie, keeping things at such a basic, almost childish level that it seems the movie is aimed squarely, if not exclusively, at the 12-and-under set. 
bad While it's a little bit better than the first FF movie, this one trivializes the epic sci-fi stature of the story with the same bad acting, witless "witty" dialogue and drama-leeching tone. 
good Clocking in at a mere yet mighty 92 minutes, this superior sequel to 2005's Fantastic Four skillfully crams loads of action, humor and even (gasp!) character development into its short but sweet flight of comic-book inspired fantasy. 
very_bad As was the case with the inept 2005 original, the sequel is a shallow, shoddy, slap-dash mess of ideas and performances. 
fair In Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, our heroes get what they deserve: a decent action flick with a jolt of visual wow. 
fair Unlike the recent spate of blackened threequels, those bottom-of-the-bag Spideys and Shreks and Pirates and Oceans, this kernel does pop. 
good You don't walk out of Rise of the Silver Surfer feeling as if you've gone three rounds with the Thing. This is a case where getting less than you bargained for feels like a victory. 
bad Better than its juvenile predecessor. 
bad As superhero experiences go, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is mundane. It's not funny enough to be a spoof, but it's also not deep enough to hold any intrigue. 
fair At times silly and then serious, this Fantastic Four is the cinematic equivalent of multiple personality disorder. 
bad The Marvel comic book this movie is based on was never as sitcom-ish as the two films it's inspired. 
good Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is an enjoyable sequel that delivers humour, likeable characters, great special effects and plenty of comic book-style action, though fans hoping for a glimpse of Galactus should prepare for disappointment. 
bad In the universe of dark and gloomy superheroes, this foursome are still dipping into the lighter side of fantastic. 
terrible Less than fantastic. 
bad Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, it gets a whole lot better. Fantastic 2 may not hold a candle to Marvel's crown jewels, but by dialling down the camp it at least makes amends for its dreary predecessor. 
very_bad It's all quite harmless, the shape-shifting plot does not extend much beyond 90 minutes, and Alba still looks good in a jumpsuit. We've seen it before, we'll see it again. 
terrible too dull to be fun, too inept to be engaging, and too low-rent FX-wise to be dazzling 
very_good Rise of the Silver Surfer is impressively mounted and bursting with playful, spectacular special effects. 
very_bad KAPOW! The world's most boring superheroes return to lull us back to sleep in a sequel that could put the makers of Nytol out of business. 
terrible Fantasy pictures needn't be bound by the constraints of real-world logic, but they can't survive the quotidian blandness by which this one is smothered. 
very_bad The makers of 'Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer' have managed to improve their storytelling. But that's like saying that "Ghost Rider" improves when viewed in the IMAX format. 
bad It's all very silly and the Four's life together has all the gravitas of an episode of the Monkees. Entertaining, though. 
bad DAZZLING GLOBE-SKIPPING, LANDMARK-BASHING ACTION 
very_bad Kids will probably have a blast - but pity their parents having to explain afterwards what exactly those American federal agents were doing torturing a gurneyed prisoner in a secret Siberian base. 
bad The film hinges entirely on these gigantic, yet straightforward, simple conflicts, resulting in little or no emotional involvement in the characters. 
terrible Superficial, unimaginative and inert. The so-called heroes are pompous, one-note caricatures who have the depth of gnats, and are just as irritating. 
bad A reading from the Books of Marvel...And the Surfer passed through buildings and buses with a squish...And Twentieth Century Fox said that it was good. 
terrible While contemporary superhero movies have evolved to dive deeper into the darker motivations, feeling and actions of the subjects, The Fantastic Four are content to be the hackneyed vaudeville act with old, stale jokes 
fair The film spends too much time on peripheral distractions and shallow personal problems, and not enough establishing the scope, scale and sense of awe its cosmic events merit. 
bad ...the film essentially offers up more of the same; more bad jokes, more predictable plot twists, and more ill-conceived action sequences. 
bad Better than the first one, but that's only taking into consideration that it couldn't possibly have been any worse. 
bad Everything about this superhero sequel surpasses the original by a long shot. 
fair Once you accept that Fantastic Four is not trying to be anything deeper than popcorn fare, the ride can be fun -- with an ending more satisfying than Spider-Man 3. 
bad This follow-up to the much-reviled Fantastic Four is cheerfully stupid, shallow and, frankly, more than a little tedious. 
bad Earnest, gee-whiz and foursquare, this simple and intentionally inoffensive sequel gets points for being easy to take and scrupulously avoiding obvious sources of irritation. 
very_bad Someone should tell Fantastic Four that it's live action and not a cartoon. 
bad Although FF:ROTSS comes from the same place as Spider-Man (New York, and Marvel editor Stan Lee's noggin), this sequel to the 2005 Fantastic Four debut is lackluster, even by comparison to the lackluster Spider-Man 3. 
terrible The target audience appears to be Cartoon Network fans. Anyone outside that category is likely to find Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer a dull slog no avalanche of razzle-dazzle digital hooey can camouflage. 
bad The movie plays out like a particularly unfunny, dysfunctional family sitcom and features even less action than its predecessor. 
fair Unlike many recent superhero movies, Silver Surfer doesn't have a heavy, overblown quality. For the most part, it's light and playful (and short, clocking in at a brisk 90 minutes). 
good Rise of the Silver Surfer doesn't aspire to much. It just happens to have the three things it needs -- velocity, artistry and a pretty good story. 
terrible It's not egregiously awful like the first film. Just plain awful in that formula way that kills your spirit and all hope for summer movies. 
very_bad Of all the Marvel-spawned screen franchises, the Fantastic Four is the most puerile, reducing as it does this smartly quirky comic book quartet to a fourth-grade primer in dysfunctional family psychology. 
bad These B-list demigods are so proudly, intergalactically mediocre that both the 2005 original and the follow-up tend to disable my super-snark beam. 
good Much better than the original. 
bad It is passable comic book stuff, dumb and loud. Loud. LOUD. 
fair When will the people who adapt comic books into films realize that less can be so much more? 
very_bad Beyond a few good special-effects sequences - notably the Human Torch chasing the Silver Surfer between skyscrapers, the movie is uniformly vanilla. When the heroes aren't polishing their super-skills, they sit around and complain about their lot in life. 
bad This humdrum collection of comic book characters ... makes you long for the thrilling adventures of someone called, say, The Accountant. 
bad Bigger, better and more polished than the first, with a quite satisfactory ratio of action set-pieces and a lot of juvenile japery squarely aimed at its PG and fanboy audience. 
bad At last! A comic-book block-buster that doesn't feel the need to justify its own existence with ponderous philosophical subtext and bloated running times. 
bad It takes a while to get going, but once it does, it clips along, entertains, and doesn't overstay its welcome. 
good La cinta es un brillante tour de force donde, a pesar de no haber un gramo de accion, la tension se respira en cada escena; y es que el argumento, inspirado en la entrevista de David Frost a Richard Nixon es tan estresante como la vida misma. 
good There's plenty of fun and entertainment to be had from Guy Ritchie's take on the character for both fans of Doyle's work and for those just getting to know Holmes and Watson. 
fair The plot races and roars through a deliciously grungy combination of real sets and CGI for all sorts of big-action scenes in and around turn-of-the-century London. 
bad Proof that Guy Richie can still make good films, though it's not without flaws. 
good Purists can, and certainly will, spend much time arguing how much is true to the material and how much was changed but the rest won't, and shouldn't care. The fact is, Sherlock Holmes is just down right entertaining. 
fair Ultimately, it achieves what it sets out to do: to entertain. 
fair Sherlock Holmes has something for everybody; an accessible film is exactly what Guy Ritchie's been looking for. 
good In a year in which actioners featured robots with arthritis and sinking ice, Sherlock Holmes might as well be considered a work of genius. 
bad Le film de Guy Ritchie livre la marchandise, meme s'il semble souvent pris entre deux epoques... 
bad Elementary, My dear readers. But not in a nice way. 
fair Ritchie doesn't disappoint, and, if you go in with modest expectations, neither does Sherlock Holmes. 
good Like Ritchie's best films, this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy, entertaining romp. 
bad It's entertaining, but it's also a bit goofy -- Holmes here is a Victorian 007. 
good The whole movie is kind of old-fashioned but also kind of modern at the same time, and I think that contrast is a big part of its appeal. 
bad A character known for his supreme intelligence should not be trapped in such a dumbed-down plot. 
very_good Guy Ritchie's noisy steampunk mauling of Arthur Conan Doyle's character is great galloping fun if ultimately slighter and less nervy than we might have hoped. Still, Robert Downey Jr. is great fun to watch and Jude Law has a clue. 
good Sherlock Holmes is neither a cookie-cutter blockbuster nor insulting to the source material. 
fair What Ritchie and Downey do is embroider and magnify the traits Conan Doyle had already given the characters. 
fair Ritchie mounts some impressively exciting action sequences, then bathes everything in dingy browns and grays to achieve an unappealing Victorian griminess. 
bad Mas que un relato detectivesco (la trama "policial" es lo menos convincente e interesante de la pelicula) se trata de una entretenidisima comedia en la que Sherlock Holmes y John Watson son algo asi como Starsky y Hutch en el Londres victoriano. 
terrible A loud, stupid film. 
very_bad ...a sporadically amusing yet thoroughly tedious misfire of nigh disastrous proportions. 
bad Hollywoody-ish-ist Sherlock ever. Downey Jr. and Law are magical though... 
fair Fortunately, the film doesn't need to rely on its supporting cast too much, because its two leads are absolutely fantastic in their respective roles. 
bad The film called "Sherlock Holmes" that has been raking in the money at the box office this Christmas season does not really exist at all. It's an illusion. A Jedi Mind Trick. 
very_good With his reckless attitude, Downey Jr may not be the refined Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's conjuring, but this feisty reimagining is strikingly impressive and cements Downey's standing as one of the best actors in Hollywood. 
bad Ja era hora do ocupante da Baker Street 221B voltar a dar as caras nas telonas a fim de ser apresentado a uma nova geracao -- algo que o cineasta Guy Ritchie faz de maneira divertida e relativamente eficiente. 
fair Elementary, my dear -- as in, that's what Ritchie's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle's iconic detective ends up being. 
very_bad ... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation, jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff. 
fair Guy Ritchie hit the big time with this flick but there is too much of the gangs of London and too little of the rumpled professor in the character of the famous detective. 
fair Sherlock Holmes is never less than entertaining throughout however, and the marvellous chemistry between the leads practically demands a sequel. 
bad Essentially, this is Lethal Weapon in ye olde worlde London, which will surely have the purists up in arms, but as buddy flicks go, it's a welcome twist. And certainly Ritchie's best film since Lock, Stock... 
bad This Sherlock Holmes refuses to take himself seriously. Brilliant, because it allows to RDJ and Ritchie to let rip with their non-traditionalist revamp. Not so great because super-sleuthing loses out to bone-crunching. Either way, the brio is infectious. 
bad The views of Victorian London are just as seductive as Downey Jr, who exudes an aura of troubled genius, though that's all the information you're likely to retain, as there's rarely a moment to think between all the fights and explosions. 
bad There is clear chemistry between the leads and watching them bicker is the film's strongest appeal. 
good Raucous, rough energy infuses this film from start to finish, carrying us along even when the slightly over-egged script starts to feel somewhat slender. And it's the terrific chemistry between Downey and Law that makes the film worth seeing. 
bad A visually flashy festive crowd pleaser anchored by Robert Downey Jnr's inherent likeability and on-screen chemistry with Jude Law. 
very_bad This balance of brain and brawn skews too far in the wrong direction, with a few too many mindless action sequences overcompensating for the shortcomings of a tedious story. 
bad Worst of all, this Sherlock Holmes isn't fun. 
terrible No, the problem isn't that the movie makes the Holmes character more of an action hero than Doyle ever intended. It's that it sticks Holmes and Watson into one of the dumbest, most boring stories imaginable. 
good while it is tempting to see Downey's portrayal and Ritchie's amped-up aesthetic approach to the material as revisionism for an attention-addled generation, in many ways it is closer in spirit and tone to Doyle's eccentric character 
bad More indebted to Ritchie's particular brand of stylistically exhausting action-adventure than to Conan Doyle's elegant prose and intensely intellectual anti-hero. 
fair For the most part, quirky British filmmaker Guy Ritchie has managed to take the character out of mothballs without desecrating Conan Doyle's original vision. 
best Make no mistake, Sherlock Holmes is every inch a Guy Ritchie picture -- only it's a Guy Ritchie picture about Sherlock Holmes. 
good The film does what it sets out to do, re-establish Holmes as a cinematic hero worth knowing and watching. 
fair While a fish rots from its head down, a film suffers from the screenplay up -- which is where Sherlock Homes stinks. 
bad Strahovi da %u0107e Ritchiejev tretman slavnog detektiva predstavljati jo%u0161 jedno holivudsko silovanje kulturne ba%u0161tine uglavnom nisu bili opravdani 
bad Purists may bemoan its modern slant but those just looking for action and thrills will be entertained 
fair Downey continues his hot streak of performances %u2014 which by itself is worth the price of admission %u2014 and there's a lot to love about this big screen interpretation of Holmes. Case closed. 
very_good Sherlock Holmes is a solid, enjoyable film with a fun score, a great use of sound and environment, and a trio of confederates you will want to know more of. 
fair Downey's a joy but, personally, I'll take more Arthur Conan Doyle and less Guy Ritchie. 
good A first-rate action adventure movie that provides a near perfect example of how to redress an aging genre franchise for a new audience. 
fair Sherlock Holmes is back. I wish I could say this is the thrill ride of the season. But it's just--a ride of the season. 
fair Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination, director Guy Ritchie's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare. 
very_good Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary sleuth gets a cinematic adrenaline shot for this wildly entertaining and action-packed mystery. 
good It's all knotted together, then unraveled with brio, by Holmes and Watson. There are fisticuffs galore, fiery combustion aplenty, and, yes, my dear reader, clever deduction. 
good Downey never winks -- hea(TM)s too much of a pro for that -- but like the man hea(TM)s playing, hea(TM)s much, much smarter than the movie hea(TM)s in. 
terrible The title of this picture should be changed immediately to "Robert Downey Jr." 
good This latest Holmes -- frequently stripped down to suspenders and pantaloons, the better for bareknuckle brawling -- may displease Arthur Conan Doyle purists but should find favor with audiences eager for a fun, witty action movie. 
bad [Downey's] more masculine interpretation of the character is never anything less than startling, fresh, and altogether entertaining. 
good The delight of Downey and Law in combination proves you don't have to feature a great villain or a complete story if you've got two super heroes. 
fair Sherlock Holmes is certainly entertaining but the Jerry Bruckheimer-type action is too constant, and I didn't feel a consistent flow in the movie. 
fair Instead of relying of high-tech gadgetry and big-budget Hollywood CGI, Guy Ritchie's gritty Sherlock Holmes does what major films often don't: delivers big-payoff action sequences merely utilizing the body and mind. 
fair If you can get past the hyperactivity of the film, you should have a good time. 
good Playing literature's greatest detective as a sort of self-loathing action hero, Downey has an absolute blast. And thanks to his performance in Sherlock Holmes, so do we. 
fair To make Holmes palatable to technology addicted, everything's gotta-go-fast moviegoers throw Indiana Jones and Harry Potter themes at the screen and see what sticks. 
fair Downey Jr. puts a perfect spin on the character in Guy Ritchie's comeback film which contains the greatest slow-motion explosion scene I have ever seen. 
bad A visually stylish rush of adrenaline with an amusing, engaging performance by Robert Downey, Jr., but there's too much nauseating action and not enough palpable excitement while the mystery itself lacks intrigue and suspense. 
best Fueled by director Guy Ritchie's fast-paced action and Robert Downey Jr.'s uncanny skill at inventing his own unique spin on his characters, Sherlock Holmes thoroughly entertains from beginning to end. 
fair The purists may cringe but those willing to accept this as simply another in a long line of reinterpretations of the Holmes and Watson stories will find much to enjoy, 
very_good Retains the spirit and a surprising number of details from the original source material. A sequel seems elementary. 
bad Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is 'Brokeback Mountain' without the sex and depth of emotion. 
fair Dazzling visuals and hipster dialogue, but a story that stays true to the original source material. 
bad Gritty, action-packed take on famous sleuth's adventures. 
good The people who made Did You Hear About The Morgans? probably wish they cast Downey and Law instead of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker 
bad A brutal jackhammer of a movie that's more Jerry Bruckheimer than Sherlock Holmes. 
good Holmes and Watson are reinvented as action-movie stars in this infectiously entertaining, rollicking good yarn. 
terrible Dour, slow, and with little to stimulate the mind or the emotions, Sherlock Holmes is a big bust. 
good It's one of the more fun, big-budgeted, big-studio films to come around of late. 
good In Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. cracks 'The Case of the Perfect Actor.' 
good This is a swashbuckling, pratfalling romp designed to make cerebral Holmes purists drop their monocles into their teacups. 
good Though purists may balk at Arthur Conan Doyle's literary world being manhandled into a blockbuster by never-subtle director Guy Ritchie, Downey has a winning take on Holmes: He's always on. 
very_bad At times, Ritchie and company try so hard to make sure this isn't your father's Sherlock Holmes that it comes across as, well, cartoonish. 
best This is rip-roaring action-adventure of high order, a sometimes dizzying but ultimately thrilling display of showmanship on the part of the actors, director and screenwriters. 
good Robert Downey Jr. makes a perfect Sherlock Holmes. 
very_bad It seems that an evil aristocrat, executed for a series of murders, returns from the dead to mobilize an ancient secret society that he may have time-traveled into a Dan Brown novel to learn about. Doesn't that sound fascinating? I thought not. 
bad The game is not afoot. 
bad Guy Ritchie is the worst screenwriter in the world, but, to be fair, he is not the worst director. He is only the worst director of the people who actually get to make movies. 
very_good I enjoyed the hell out of Sherlock Holmes. 
bad As the new and implausible Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. again lends his eccentric charms and complexly freighted persona to a role that doesn't deserve them. 
fair As the title character, Downey, Jr. shines... 
bad Sherlock Holmes is a noisy, brutish film that, while forgettable, is at least an entertaining romp. 
bad Downey Jr. and Law are so good, they make up for the weak mystery. 
bad Downey, playing the cerebral Holmes as a cleanliness-impaired action hero, and Jude Law, as Dr. Watson, make one yearn fondly for Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce. 
good Rollicking, irreverent, and yet true to the spirit, if not the letter, of the Holmsian canon, this is a version of Holmes that finds the perfect balance between cerebral and spectacle 
very_good If you want to finish 2009 with a fun, entertaining movie %u2013 go see Sherlock Holmes. 
bad There's a mystery at the heart of Sherlock Holmes and it's not the one the great master of detection has been called on to solve. It's how a film that has so many good things going for it has turned out to be solid but not spectacular. 
terrible Charmless and shapeless, larded down with nonsensical action scenes, witless repartee and a "plot" stitched together by a committee of writers who've watched "The Da Vinci Code" too many times. 
good exhilarating 
fair Pop culture's most enduring sleuth gets a welcome, modernized makeover in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes. 
fair It's good enough to just sit back and enjoy Downey and Law plays Holmes and Watson as Victorian versions of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. 
fair Yes, this Holmes is leaner and meaner, and Watson (Jude Law) is nearly his equal. But there's still something fussy about the result, as if bobbies had broken up the party at 11:59. 
good Put away your period-movie expectations and you just might have a lot of fun. What makes this movie work is actually something very old-fashioned: movie-star chemistry. 
terrible Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary bloodhound of justice given a less than awesome makeover. 
good ...just a single casting decision away from being another brilliant update. Instead, it's just a wonderful, if flawed, entertainment. 
bad Stick that in your pipe and smoke it. 
bad Guy Ritchie's Holmes reboot feels both too complicated and too elementary, dear Watson. 
fair Guy Ritchie's frenzied, over-long "reimagining" of the much-adapted Conan Doyle character isn't quite the blasphemy you'd think, thanks to a solid cast and Robert Downey Jr's inherent likability as the title. 
good The less I thought about Sherlock Holmes, the more I liked Sherlock Holmes. 
bad ...didn't entirely click for me, yet there is something to be said for the fact that I'm not dreading the inevitable sequel. 
very_bad Who the deuce decided to filter Sherlock Holmes through Batman & Robin? 
good A yarn that at times feels like a throwback to the mega-actioners of the '80s, when leads could get away with being incorrigible cards as long as they had someone by their side to keep them grounded. 
fair Old London, achieved via superb visual effects, is breathtaking in its grimy verisimilitude. And Downey is charming. But his world is jarringly frenetic, in the manner of most Ritchie films. 
bad It's a pretty darn good time, and easily the best movie Ritchie's made in years. 
bad The whole film doesn't feel so much like Holmes as a strange and unwanted sequel to Will Smith's Wild Wild West. 
very_good Ritchie's accomplished the feat of resurrecting his career as a pulp stylist (London's Tarantino--you could be called worse)... 
bad "Sherlock Holmes" may feel a little too modern, more adrenaline than brain-power, more brash than British, but it's an all right action-pleasure if you don't mind that the game's more a-fist than afoot. 
fair It's not that I would call Sherlock Holmes 'smart,' as I don't think it ever truly is, but rather 'not stupid.' 
fair This is not your great grandfather's Sherlock Holmes. 
very_good Masterfully crafted by Guy Ritchie, this refreshing take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuth is a great vehicle for Downey to create another distinctively eccentric character. 
fair Ritchie's new school take on an old school icon is respectful without being overly reverential, loud and fun without becoming dumb and hollow, talky but never slow. 
good Full of new revelations about the old British sleuth whose exploits were based on the great Encyclopedia Brown. 
bad Watching [the] tough, sarcastic Holmes chase the many carrots the film dangles for him is the chief pleasure in this crafty tangle of little clues and tightly wound action. 
good This Sherlock Holmes combines dark arts and action, wit and tongue-in-cheek mirth, to feel like a great film adaptation of a comic book version of Holmes. 
very_bad This spazzy, sour project is to every previous Holmes picture as the Stephen Sommers Mummy pictures are to the great 1932 creeper The Mummy. 
bad Not even Sherlock Holmes could make much sense out of the overplotted, murky mess that is Sherlock Holmes, although Arthur Conan Doyle's legendarily brainy detective would probably never buy a ticket to a movie as elephant-footed as this one... 
fair Given a worthy story, Downey's Holmes might have been memorable. Here, he's an interesting character in search of a worthwhile story. 
very_good a ripping good time at the movies 
good The good news is that Ritchie, even as he packs in the explosions and last-minute rescues for the schoolkids, doesn't ignore the shank meat of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's concept -- the esprit enjoyed by Holmes and Dr. Watson as thinking Englishmen. 
bad Ritchie is all about the whooshing and headbanging, leaving no space between Holmes' words to savor their meaning. Downey is irresistible. The movie, not so much. 
fair This 21st century re-imagining of Scotland Yard's supersleuth is less Arthur Conan Doyle and more Guy Ritchie. It's elementary that some "game's afoot." 
bad A fun, action-packed reintroduction to Conan Doyle's classic characters. Part Two should provide more in the way of scope. 
good Guy Ritchie combines his kinetic direction with the limitless charms of Downey Jr and Jude Law to come up with terrific entertainment that's equal parts brains and brawn. 
good For with time running out on 2009, it's wonderful that one of the old year's last gifts should be a reminder of the superb possibilities of blockbuster cinema. 
bad Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes is a riot. The director takes on a British institution with a swagger and a wink and the result is boisterous and unabashed fun. 
very_bad [Guy Ritchie] has managed to steal hours of precious time belonging to cinemagoers everywhere for his latest silly escapade. 
bad At two-hours plus, it goes on a bit but Ritchie appears in his element working from someone else's script and Downey Jr brings real verve to role previously known for its starch and conformity. 
very_bad The plot is frequently incomprehensible, and Rachel McAdams's poorly photographed femme fatale could be edited out of the picture without making much difference. Most of the time, I hadn't a clue what she was doing, and she didn't seem to either. 
good The movie is alive with cinematic magic, played out in an expertly-recreated capital full of grime, grubbiness and occasional grandeur. 
terrible The script here is a pretext for fatuous action pyrotechnics, misfiring comedy, the inevitable star from Central Crumpet Casting and CG jiggery-pokery evoking Ye Olde London. In short: Doc, Sh'lock and Every Scraped Barrel. 
bad Sherlock Holmes is a surprisingly enjoyable action / adventure romp that deserves the sequel it's obviously hoping for. 
bad The film is Ritchie's most coherent bit of storytelling. The tone is light but not facetious and the pace would be hectic if there weren't so many humdrum lacunae. 
bad Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is effective as a caricatured comedy adventure and shows some fidelity to Arthur Conan Doyle, especially in Downey Jr's portrayal of the eccentric but cold-hearted Holmes. 
good Ritchie, Downey Jr and Law have done just about as good a job at reimagining the great sleuth for the modern audiences as one could have hoped. 
very_bad It's a hollow attempt at modernisation, and quickly grows dull. Watson's big dilemma - whether to quit his life with Holmes for marriage to lovely Mary has, at heart, all the depth of a Wham! song. 
bad The film never recovers the head of steam from the opening ... but the Holmes-Watson duo fizzes to the end. On this showing, they deserve another case. 
bad The pace rarely slackens throughout, the set pieces are explosive, the score relentlessly thunderous. Victorian London is recreated - relying on copious use of computer effects - with an eye for the grimy reality. 
best Brisk and brainy reworking of the legendary detective's mythos makes the delightful Robert Downey Jr. into a rumpled, complicated and alternately swashbuckling and pratfalling Holmes for our time. 
good At last, Guy Ritchie has found the perfect vessel for his sugar-rush, hyper-kinetic style of filmmaking. 
bad Extremely violent Elvis-based robbery for 17+ only. 
terrible The Tarantino effect is very much in evidence in this trashy, senseless, and excessively violent actioner about a casino heist that goes uproariously awry. 
bad ...an incoherent jumble of images... 
good Russell and Costner deliver up some of the most amusing portrayals of their careers as casino-robbing Elvis impersonators 
terrible Curse-a-my soul This movie couldn't be worse The prints should be delivered from the back of a Hearse 
terrible It insulted my intelligence, yes, but I still have some hope for the human race after watching it. 
very_bad An exciting, action-packed heist sadly followed up by stupid con games and bad relationships. 
fair While it does contain many action film clich&eacute;s, it also has some quirky characters who give it some charm. 
very_bad You WERE expecting helicopters, weren't you? 
terrible I felt like I was there for 3000 hours. 
very_bad Wouldn't have a clue about human kindness or romantic passion if they launched up and bit it in the nose. 
terrible It is, in every conceivable instance, over-baked and under-conceived. 
bad It's not funny, brutally violent, packed with despicable characters and utterly meaningless. 
very_bad There is such a thing as too much. And 3KMTG is much too much. 
terrible A grimy, ultra-violent, long and stupidly plotted Quentin Tarantino wanna-be. 
terrible The picture feels longer than Presley's career and as irrelevant as he was by the end. 
terrible It should be banned from theaters on the grounds that anyone unwittingly seeing it is being subjected to cruel and unusual punishment. 
very_bad A sour and mean-spirited enterprise so desperate to please, it tries to be a yukky comedy and a hard-boiled action picture at the same time. 
fair Fairly entertaining. 
bad There are some plot holes that appear to have been set up to be resolved but just got left hanging when it was recut. 
terrible The smirking dialogue plays especially poorly in juxtaposition with the excessive violence. 
fair One of the bloodiest and mind-bogglingly dumb action-adventures since the heyday of Steven Seagal. 
terrible Nonsense from its first frame to its last, stupid beyond even the conventions of its genre, it begs the question of responsibility. 
terrible A film that takes a shot at redefining shameless for a new generation. 
fair The funnest movie that I've seen so far this year! 
terrible It really is true how when you make a copy of a copy of a copy, the most recent one doesn't pack the most quality. 
very_bad The actors do what they can with a script that never should have made it across their agents' desks. 
very_bad As flat as the Nevada desert where it is set. 
fair A good ride. 
terrible Graceland even manages to make bad action films look good. 
bad Yet another mindless, derivative, headache- producing assortment of senseless brutality and unconvincing romance. 
bad Remains an uneasy, uncomfortable balance between a comedic romp and something remarkably darker. 
very_bad Lichtenstein apparently thought quirks such as the sight of Paul 'Having My Baby' Anka firing a rifle would be enough to keep a viewer entertained. 
bad This slapdash but endearing doc about the rise, fall and resurrection of '80s pop outfit Spandau Ballet is an inside job, packed with strong archive footage yet lacking anything you'd call truly incisive. 
good Standard issue band history doc, but it smartly finds depth in a particularly shallow era in pop. 
fair The band wasn't that great. Neither is the movie, which, if directed with a bit more sensitivity toward the latent comedy, could have been hilarious. 
fair The advantage to Hencken's approach is that it makes Soul Boys Of The Western World play like a movie version of a printed oral history. 
bad [Soul Boys] does a fantastic job explaining the youth movement that birthed the New Romantic genre. 
good [Hencken] makes a very persuasive case for Spandau Ballet's place in the Britpop pantheon. 
bad This trawl through the band's history has enough guile and guts to keep you watching. 
good The salad days thrill; after the rush has gone, the comedown is surprisingly moving. 
bad Only deep-seated musical snobbery would hinder enjoyment of this definitive, authorised, fastidious,and perhaps overlong telling of the Spandau Ballet story ... 
very_bad Fans of the band will undoubtedly love the package, which puts the group front and centre. 
good A funny, absorbing, trivia-filled portrait of friendship, the '80s music biz and bad hair. 
bad This is the mercurial nature of cinema. With good casting, decent writing and a light directorial touch where others might go for full-frontal schmaltz, almost any scenario can win you over. 
bad An engrossing documentary about a compassionate doctor trying to make a difference in Afghanistan which has the second highest maternal and infant mortality rates in the world. 
bad It's no Bad Santa, but it's fun. 
fair Having cast a knowing eye on teen debauchery in Dazed and Confused and coaxed a stellar performance out of Jack Black in School of Rock, the director is just the man to launch a surprise spitwad attack in the current culture wars. 
good If you're looking for another Adam Sandler/Jack Black comic masterpiece, this isn't it. It is, though, Billy Bob Thornton at his best, dropping analogies that would make a Hooters waitress blush. 
bad Even if you never saw the original Bad News Bears, you've probably seen this movie. You know, the one where the reluctant coach pulls together the ragtag bunch of misfits and teaches them important lessons about teamwork. 
bad Linklater's spirit is true: Practice still unfolds to the waltz of Carmen. Sentiment is avoided at all costs. 
bad Thornton [knocks] every one-liner out of the park with the free rein Linklater allows him, though a picked-up pace would've been welcome. 
fair Thornton is the real reason to watch. He plays most of his scenes with an understated unrepentant scumbaggishsness that makes him easy to simultaneously hate and like. It's a tricky balance to pull off, but he manages it well. 
good There are worse ways to spend an afternoon. 
terrible I'm not sure why filmmakers think we want to see kids put into dark situations and berated with profanities by Billy Bob Thornton. 
bad ...what should've been a fun and breezy comedy is ultimately transformed into an incredibly tedious ordeal... 
very_bad There's just no reason for this thing. 
bad Ainda que esquematico, gera boas risadas gracas a dinamica entre Thornton e o elenco infantil. 
bad The Bad News Bears is at its best when, like all good major league pitchers, it isn't afraid to get a little mean. 
good This is one remake that was done right. It retains some of the best ideas of the original, while updating it nicely into modern times. 
fair Thornton seldom evokes the deep reserves of benevolence bubbling just beneath Matthau's comical, curmudgeon surface, and he has not nearly perfected the signature Matthau slow-burn. 
best . 
bad Despite the lack of a vital air-punch from a curiously flat finale, there's much to love and laugh at. 
bad Fans of the original will be amazed at how similar the two films are - the new version even makes the same extensive use of Bizet's Carmen on the soundtrack. 
fair Raunchy, raucous fun featuring Thornton's Bad Santa persona in full effect. 
bad The only real problem is that the writers haven't done anything remotely new with the material. 
bad Billy Bob Thornton teaches kids about drinkin', cussin', and a little bit of baseball - not a classic, but still occasionally fun. 
bad A pleasant surprise out of leftfield. 
good Every bit as funny, irreverent and enjoyable as the first. Billy Bob Thornton is wonderful and his young co-stars are devilishly entertaining. 
fair Fails to rise above medium-to-low expectations, but it's not a huge mistake 
bad Thornton's virtuoso performance is the only reason to plunk down hard earned bucks for this surprisingly lifeless remake of 'The Bad News Bears.' 
bad In today's anything-goes society, the sight of 12-year-olds cussing like sailors on the screen no longer carries any novelty. 
very_good Certain things in this world are automatically funny, and a booze-swilling Billy Bob Thornton cussing out kids is one of them. 
good Billy Bob Thornton is the best weapon against cute that a kid baseball movie ever had. 
bad There has to be a better reason to remake a movie than to drop the word 'the' from its title. 
bad Bad News Bears has been robbed of its nerve and repackaged for multiplex consumption. 
fair There is nothing wrong per se with this new version of The Bad News Bears. That said, the new version lacks the bite of what we saw in the mid-70's. 
bad The film equivalent of a tribute band. 
good OK, parents and grandparents -- don't say I didn't warn you. 
very_bad [It] just isn't a very good movie. 
terrible Paramount strikes out with yet another one of their remakes, lowering the batting average of film in general. 
fair The good news is this "bad news" movie is hilarious. 
good It's hysterical that the people who saw this movie as kids are now bent out of shape from the film's content because it's exactly the same as it was 29 years ago. 
bad That Linklater manages to make his remake as affecting as it is -- and there are moments of pure goofball zaniness scattered throughout -- is only surprising to those who haven't been following his sublimely wild-carding career. 
good ...this is completely true to the spirit of the original. 
bad As Tanner observes about the non-alcoholic beer Buttermaker passes out after the big game, what's the point? 
fair young teenagers might enjoy the mildly bad attitude and silly sequences, but adults will be bored 
good Mental revenge for all the crappy sports-genre flicks 2005 has unleashed until now. 
bad Thornton doesn't bring any new energy or invention to his ne'er-do-well persona. 
good Fortunately, in the process of pursuing a box office winner, Linklater has crafted an entertaining motion picture. 
bad No such menace or edge lies behind this version. Its best player, Thornton, has his nihilistic glee replaced by an ersatz version of Matthau's fuddy-duddiness. 
terrible I really hope Linklater finds a great project that needs funding in order to justify making this offensive piece of Hollywood hackery. 
terrible ...Bad News Bears pitifully attempts to draw laughter from its audience by parading cussing and sassy children in front of the screen like obscene little parrots. 
bad The material is so solid and Thornton so tailor-made that the movie almost gets by. 
fair Richard Linklater's cynical kiddie-sports comedy is less a remake of The Bad News Bears than a cover version; for all the updated riffs and personal noodling, it's best when it doesn't stray too far from the original material. 
bad If you missed The Bad News Bears the first time around, this one might be worth catching just for Thornton; otherwise, it's just extra innings on a game that's already played out. 
terrible Perhaps someday French auteurists will be able to figure out how Bad News Bears fits into the cinematic oeuvre of Richard Linklater. 
good The spunkiness gets a bit crude but the team spirit remains, perennial as the crack of a bat on a summer day. 
bad The remake, despite its naughty language and scenes at Hooters, actually plays it safer than its predecessor. 
terrible Charmless, witless, and utterly pointless, Richard Linklater's insultingly bad remake of Bad News Bears marks the absolute nadir of the maverick director's career. 
bad What the remake does contribute is a reassuringly unforced tone and the idea that losing with (something like) dignity beats winning at all costs -- a message that resonates even more now than it did in 1976. 
very_bad It isn't funny; it isn't sweet, and it has none of the innocence of the original. 
good Bad News Bears pitches more than punchlines. The film has a moral, even if it doesn't explore the deepest themes. 
bad A crass and disappointing remake. 
fair It's a sugary message wrapped up in a hilariously caustic, cynical package -- a big, sloppy raspberry on our win-at-all-costs culture and cookie-cutter Hollywood entertainment. 
bad The Bears' eventual success seems utterly contrived and arbitrary. 
bad The Bad News Bears is not risque at all, but it's often cute and has a handful of laughs, and that's about it. Not every film can be a winner, you know, but it still takes 12 to make a team and there's no 'i' in movie. 
terrible The kids in this knowing, tirelessly belligerent retread are as coarse and obnoxious as they ever were, maybe more so. And therein lies the problem. 
fair Kids will be kids, and they are to be given leeway. But the film's adults, who end up only slightly redeemed at film's end, are not winners. 
good Even if we've seen it a million times, there's still fun to be had watching zeroes become heroes. 
good If you can stand the assault on your senses, you may discover that there's a good message underneath (one about not excluding people based on supposed 'handicaps'), and Thornton gets off some very funny one-liners. 
very_bad Thornton and his directors have yet to master the subtlety between an endearing drunk and a sadist. 
bad A celebratory team trip to Hooters even falls flat, which would seem to be a physical impossibility. 
good A good movie, not the disgraceful, witlessly modernized rip-off we have grown to expect from remakes. 
fair Stranded between pushing the scatological envelope and caving in to the formulas the 1976 movie established, and until the well-nigh foolproof ending, it comes up gasping for air. 
good Nobody plays a dissolute scalawag like Billy Bob Thornton. 
fair Faithful to the point of irrelevancy, Richard Linklater's remake of "Bad News Bears" is an OK enough time passer, but given the talent involved, it should have been much, much better. 
terrible This just seemed to be a studio-forced decision to bring in the writing team from Bad Santa to give us another Billy-Bob-Is-a-Drunk movie. 
good As it sparks to life, spewing outrageous jokes at the expense of every race, creed, infirmity and sensibility, viewers with G-rated hearts will run screaming, while the other screams in the theater will be those of laughter. 
bad Ritchie's movie was genuinely subversive and hilarious; Linklater's, despite amped-up sexual references (the team celebrates at Hooters) is merely a passably amusing excuse to pass a couple of hours in an air-conditioned theater. 
good Thornton is believable as a hound dog, and he knows how to use a wry look -- and the audience's knowledge of his kinky marriage to Angelina Jolie -- to do the work for him. 
fair Serviceable, but ultimately pointless because not a second of this remake tops anything in the original. 
good A raunchy, loud-out-loud movie that's incongruously politically incorrect. 
fair The movie meanders listlessly about, hitting all the same beats as the original but with little enthusiasm. 
bad Bears is like a pitcher who is nibbling at the strike zone. It's always close to hitting the target, but often frustratingly offline 
fair Although it's hard to top Walter Matthau's irascible original, casting Thornton as the baseball-pelting, beer-swillin' yet lovable curmudgeon is kind of a no-brainer. 
very_bad Even if the trailers sizzle, the film fizzles. 
very_bad It must have seemed like a home-run idea to remake the potty-mouthed '70s Little League classic, but the result is a lazy double. 
very_bad Sure, you'll feel a bit ashamed laughing at the raunchy, tasteless humor, but it's a dark theater and no one will know it is you. 
good Despite being a rather surprisingly slipshod piece of filmmaking, it's more than saved by a Thornton performance of such vibrant political incorrectness. 
good Appreciably funnier and more profane than its '70s-era ancestor. 
terrible When a movie this awful tosses the adjective "bad" into its title, we call it truth in advertising 
fair Another in this summer's legion of pointless and empty remakes. 
fair Profanity does not a creatively satisfying comedy make....slim characterization and an overfamiliar premise...[relegate] Bears to lazy, hazy, summer-daze mediocrity. 
good The progress of the story is predictable, as it is in all movies about underdogs. They are bad, and will get better. 
bad Thornton's subversive performance as the type of guy parents warn their kids to stay away from is in this PG-13 movie a tad too profane for the preteens who would really dig it and too juvenile for most adults. 
terrible The movie comes from the Lazy Man's School of Cheap Laughs, where the class motto is: If you can't think of a joke, just string together profanities and raunchy sexual references. 
good The coach is certainly an offensive goofball, and the Bears are certainly a pack of hard-to-handle whippersnappers. But the picture's point is that surfaces don't tell the whole story about people, about teams, or about anything. 
fair Delights in its unashamed vulgarity and spiritedly laugh-inducing wickedness. 
very_good The movie's lazy slacker charm is distinctly Linklater's own, as is the decision to cast Billy Bob Thornton as the team's irascible, perpetually drunk coach, Buttermaker. 
fair The charm of listening to 10- and 11-year-old children swearing at one another begins to wear off quickly. 
fair These kids are closer to Jose Canseco than to Abner Doubleday, and, for moviegoers, that's good news. 
bad Bad News Bears isn't bad, really, but it isn't good, either. 
very_bad Bad News Bears is a monster all right, one that strikes fear in the hearts of moviegoers who prize taste and novelty. 
bad ...feels less like The Bad News Bears and more like the cliche-riddled sports-underdog comedies that have been ripping off The Bad News Bears for 30 years. 
fair Strong performances by Thornton and Kinnear barely compensate for the dismal "acting" of Kraft who can't begin to carry Tatum O'Neal's spikes. 
very_bad The film skitters along picking up plot lines and then abandoning them . . . with the verve and mystery that atoms show when obeying the more esoteric laws of physics. 
very_bad Often a shot-for-shot redux--the worst kind of cover song. 
bad two films colliding here-one resembling the R-rated drunken night of a college student's rowdiness,the other resembling the awkward,PG-rated apology from a hung over man 
fair Despite storytelling unevenness, its pervasive good nature and a bellyful of Thornton one-line zingers carries it pretty much out of the ballpark. 
bad I laughed a few times, mostly at Missi Pyle's antics. 
bad isn't exactly the kind of movie that you would expect 
good Thirty-something girls gone wild! 
terrible a shapeless disaster 
bad When I did laugh, it was because of some weird little twist one of the actors gave to a line reading or some bit of physical comedy they tried. It wasn't because the movie itself was actually witty. 
bad Spring Breakdown - Three terrific actresses in one mediocre misfire. 
terrible A very bad genre exercise starring some very good comedic actresses who really should change agencies soon. 
good Generally effective spy thriller with interesting cast 
fair A peculiar and oddly haunting achievement. 
bad Bizarre, unpredictable yet strangely alluring. 
bad The fear is comical; the loathing almost nonexistent. 
good Certainly uneven at times, but Terry Gilliam's surreal mood piece paints a vivid, splashy picture of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson. 
very_good A beautiful cinematic showcase for Thompson at the peak of his writing skills. 
good It may start off as a lighthearted, excess-filled, party-road-trip movie, but Depp is reigned in a little towards the end as his character (a stand-in for Thompson) poetically bemoans the sad failure of the late-60s ideals and values. 
very_good ...he first hour of the film is as successful as anything I've ever seen or read at conveying how the world looks to the drugged. 
best Years from now, it will be reappraised as a misunderstood masterpiece. Well, this is one American critic who's not waiting until years from now. 
bad Unlike Trainspotting, Fear and Loathing doesn't shock or fascinate. It simply disgusts and repels. 
fair If Gilliam was intending to create a film that would disgust, disorient and eventually irritate, then this one's a bona-fide masterpiece - but don't expect me to sit through it ever again. 
fair ...has an incongruous, stream-of-consciousness tang that requires just the right mood to enjoy. 
best Fellini's movies work on this level, reveling in their carnival atmosphere while at the same time critiquing them. 
bad While entertaining early on, these drug-induced trips become increasingly repetitive as the story progresses. 
best We get a ringside seat for how meaningless and cruel the real world is. 
fair It's not pretty, but it's no accident either. 
very_good This is one awesome flick, often hilarious and always visually stunning. 
bad It's really a series of sketches on one theme. 
bad Depp takes what starts as an almost unwatchably bad movie and manages to make it kind of fascinating. 
best A triumph of direction over plot, imagination over treatment, and conception over realism. 
fair The movie is clearly intriguing in ways it may not have intended. 
fair The film doesn't have a strong point, but it tells it vividly and with an intense visual flair. 
bad Visually incredible and blessed with great performances from Depp and Del Toro, this is destined for cult classic status - but the plot and symbolism are less impressive. 
bad What the movie lacks in plot it makes up for in irony. 
fair This movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour, rather than substance or plot. 
good They set out to do a straight adaptation of the book, and they did--and go figure, it worked. 
bad The movie is really just one scene after other, giving the impression that each tableau could form the basis of a separate narrative, but the images just do not gel as segments of a 128-minute work. 
terrible This movie inspires no fear in me, but loathing? Yes. Oh yes. 
terrible This big-screen adaptation of the 1971 cult classic is a sure candidate for many worst ten film lists. 
bad It's a scattershot rendering of a scattershot story told with scattershot effectiveness. 
very_good One of the most faithful film adaptations not only in terms of substance, but also style. 
terrible If you encountered characters like this on an elevator, you'd push a button and get off at the next floor. Here the elevator is trapped between floors for 128 minutes. 
bad Darn funny, but those moments of seemingly-inspired humor are more than offset by the rest of the movie, which is nearly unwatchable. 
best A brilliant exploration of the challenges facing homosexuals in other parts of the developed world. 
fair Intense intimate look beyond tragic premise of Romeo & Romeo across Israel/Palestine wall. . . Suspense thrillingly builds to options the lovers have [for] romantic optimism. 
good It's one of the most powerful films about the Arab-Israeli conflict that has ever been attempted on the screen. 
good "Out in the Dark" isn't a political film by any stretch, but the intrigue and prejudices of the Arab-Israeli conflict certainly fuel the romance and thrills of this entertaining, taut movie. 
fair By the end, Nimr and Roy have become heavy-handed symbols for the ongoing clash of ideologies in the Middle East. "Out in the Dark" fared better when it treated them as people. 
fair Even though the plot defies credibility at several points, "Out in the Dark" is gripping, and Nimr's tearful exile from his family breaks your heart. 
fair Ratchets up the tension on its appealing lead characters in believable, heartfelt ways while spinning out an edgy tale fueled by do-or-die sociopolitical intrigue. It's unique, powerful stuff. 
bad Instead of looking for depth or verisimilar romance, director Michael Mayer turns his characters into mere cogs in a pseudo-suspenseful thriller. 
very_bad About 45 minutes in, the film's uneasy detente between subtlety and movie machinery fails outright ... 
fair Though it's rather clumsily scripted, formulaic in structure and sometimes contrived, Out In The Dark is strengthened by its subtext and elevated by tender, affecting performances from the leads. 
very_bad Borders on the boring. 
bad [Conveys] a palpable mood of claustrophobia, which gives the desire of the characters to escape abroad a convincing emotional resonance 
bad There's romance and tragedy, but little depth and no nuance. 
bad An intimate and affecting drama that slowly turns suspenseful, but the second act lacks focus and the chemistry between the two main actors just isn't strong enough. 
good By turns dynamic, dangerous and bursting with passion, Out In The Dark is a stark, swoonsome romantic drama. 
good An intimate and immersive drama. 
bad A sometimes over-simplified but often affecting look at forbidden love. 
fair Sociologically, the film is fascinating; dramatically, it is a borderline disaster. 
terrible Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison. 
very_bad Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings. 
terrible Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door. 
very_bad A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens. 
terrible An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks. 
very_bad Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head. 
very_bad The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating. 
terrible Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists. 
very_bad Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s. 
terrible Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks. 
terrible "This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant. 
terrible Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin. 
very_bad seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters 
terrible Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon. 
terrible The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify. 
bad Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile. 
very_bad As if one Duff wasn't enough for us. 
terrible I liked it better with Brittany Murphy. 
terrible The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy. 
terrible It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts. 
terrible The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin. 
terrible The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic. 
very_bad finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful. 
terrible You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck. 
very_bad This is indeed one dumb film. 
terrible Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through. 
very_bad A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements. 
bad Light but listless. 
fair There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun. 
terrible Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above. 
bad Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable. 
terrible The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.' 
terrible As a film that sets out to poke fun at the LA, St Tropez tan, famous for being famous, stupid small dogs lifestyle, its far too candy-coated and lacks bite, while the comic timing is off. 
terrible Is Anjelica Huston in need of work? Is that why she's in this piece of crap? 
terrible Certainly doesn't bode well for either Duff Sister if this is the best script coming their way. 
good Fans don't stop Pacino on the street for his Michael Corleone role in the 'Godfather' movies. They yell, 'Tony! Tony Montana! 
bad Though by no means an unbearable watch, A Promise is almost as much an exercise in patience for its viewers as it is for Friedrich and Lotte. 
very_bad The main drawbacks are the grey decorousness of the pacing and visuals, and Richard Madden's unsympathetically flat playing as antihero Fritz. 
bad Nonetheless, at its best, it has some of the same qualities as Ophuls' [Letter from an Unknown Woman]. 
bad When a French filmmaker travels to Belgium to film a German story in English, it's hardly surprising that the resulting movie feels somewhat awkward. 
very_bad The lack of chemistry between Madden and Hall drains the film of energy and their unrequited longing is often unintentionally amusing. 
terrible If you only watch one Stefan Zweig-inspired film this year, watch The Grand Budapest Hotel. If you watch two, see The Grand Budapest Hotel twice. Awful. 
very_bad A particularly languid, slow-burning period drama. 
terrible After a while, I didn't know where to look. Anywhere but at the screen. 
very_bad It's a curiously flat affair, the passage of time never really evoked and - with the exception of a wheezing Rickman - the acting lacks any dramatic, let alone romantic, spark. 
very_bad This film simply isn't very good! 
terrible Perhaps the added strains of working in a foreign language was its downfall - this is Leconte's first film to be made in English - although you wonder if the result could have been any worse if he'd been directing in Tongan. 
bad Inoffensive as living room wallpaper, though that's hardly a recommendation. 
very_bad Despite decent performances, a promising dramatic set-up leads to little of real interest. 
very_bad Gabriel Yared's score works hard to rouse emotion but when the most exciting scene involves a rat, the erotic frisson clearly isn't happening. 
very_bad The actors are smoothly professional and the production feels polished. But it's hard to recommend a romance without passion, no matter how pretty it looks. 
bad Patrice Leconte struggles to find a coherent rhythm, a problem exacerbated by a hurried running time that compresses some of the novella's more interesting socio-political nuances. 
bad A very interesting experiment that combines moments of mad brilliance with outbreaks of pretentious tedium in about equal measure. 
good Uniformly hilarious and entertaining. 
fair Falling is at once a character study times five and something of a generational snapshot. 
good Charging Albert's film with looking too much like an American chick flick is to give it short shrift. 
bad Barbara Albert, the director-writer of the Austrian soaper Falling, probably never thought to call her film One Wedding and a Funeral, but it would have been an appropriate title. 
bad Fallen is about listlessness in the face of personal and global turmoil and about gesturing toward a political stance. 
very_bad Part feel-bad cinema and part female-bonding session, Barbara Albert's Big Chill-ish melodrama gathers together five former schoolmates who meet up again at a professor's funeral. 
bad Meanders forward with little apparent direction and virtually no interesting drama. 
bad It doesn't bring anything new to the table. And its pacing, grim tone, and cheesy guitar riffs belong squarely in the '80s. 
bad Violent, generic, not awful, but nothing more than that. 
very_bad There's a good story somewhere in "Revenge of the Green Dragons," but it's not the one Lau and his colleagues chose to retell. 
very_bad Vicious '80s gangs fight in graphically violent drama. 
very_bad Loo and Lau have borrowed so liberally from sources like GoodFellas [that] they're essentially dressing it in one-size-fits-all gangster-movie clothes. 
terrible This crime drama wants to be a Chinese-American "Goodfellas," but it ends up just looking bad. 
very_bad An undercooked crime-drama that feels like a pale imitation of the movies that clearly inspired it. 
fair Revenge of the Green Dragons is an engaging and ruthless tale about the cycle of violence. 
very_bad Like Better Luck Tomorrow, it tries to cut cool-movie poses under the pretense of providing an alternative racial viewpoint to typical genre tropes. 
terrible Like a bad episode of 21 Jump Street. 
best The film delivers on every level of the emotional scale. It will make you laugh, it will make you cry, and it will make you want to scream. 
good Trainwreck isn't perfect, but it's hardly a... railway disaster. 
good Altogether this Enterprise picture rolls up a round-by-round triumph on points until it comes through with a climactic knockout that hits the all-time high in throat-catching fight films. 
very_good The fight film to which all others are compared. 
very_good One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s. 
good Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons. 
best one of the all time greatest adventure flicks 
fair Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp. Get used to that. He's all you'll remember from the movie. 
good Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years. 
good Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings. 
very_bad If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie. 
good Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up. 
good Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood. Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder. 
good May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it. 
very_good It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.' 
very_good Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year. 
very_good ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family. 
very_good Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie. It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out. I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen. 
good Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character. 
very_good More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap. 
good Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty. 
very_good Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel. 
best I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie. I honestly felt like a kid again. 
good 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres' 
best Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands. They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank. 
good . A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves. You'll have a barrel of fun. . 
good ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun. 
good Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow. 
best ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't have to be direct-to-video. 
good Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud. 
bad Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter. The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over). 
good And shiver me timbers, it works. Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan. 
good Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year. 
bad Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches. 
very_good the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer 
bad Not a sunken wreck by any means. At the same time, not quite summer movie treasure. 
good It's never a good sign when source material is based off of something as flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders. 
very_good Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land. ...rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on. 
best Wonderful swashbuckling adventure that delivers everything you could possibly want from a pirate movie, plus a little more besides -- jaw-dropping special effects, a superb script and a show-stealing performance from Johnny Depp. 
fair Johnny Depp plays Jack Sparrow as if Errol Flynn were pretending to be Keith Richards. 
very_good Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean is a rousing action/adventure yarn highlighted by a truly eccentric performance by Johnny Depp. 
fair The result is something that, to use an analogy here, is like the more outgoing but less thoughtful younger brother of 1998's swashbuckler The Mask of Zorro. 
good With prissy swagger and loveable bravado, Depp's a pirate captain who steals your heart. 
good Isn't it about time us adults had our own big, explosively dumb, blustery adventure? If I ain't hearing "Aye, matey, I'm on-board," than stay home and re-watch your arty Citizen Kane, ya boring spoilsport! 
good This is a superb swashbuckler -- rousing, funny and spectacular. 
good Who says they don't make full-on swashbucklers anymore? 
good An exciting time at the movies. 
good Pirates of the Caribbean is a return to the high seas a la the great adventures of Errol Flynn and Douglas Fairbanks. 
fair Had Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl no other attributes, the sheer spectacle of Depp would be worth the cost of admission, but shockingly, his cheeky performance is just one bit of a booty bursting with goodies. 
bad If you've often seen this type of summer fare, you might find this movie tedious 
good Pirate adventure is a ridiculously entertaining romp thanks to Johnny Depp's scene-stealing scallywag and Gore Verbinski's directorial hand. 
best Pirates packs great sword fights, incredible stunts, piratical doings, a curse, romance, a parrot and a cunningly evil monkey. I can't think of any reason not to see this movie. 
very_good It feels like a cross between Errol Flynn and Monty Python. 
very_good Johnny Depp puts the "swish" back into swishbuckler 
fair Gore Verbinski's ship is full of great fun and terrific images even if Jerry tries to make it into a Pearl Harbor mess with a way-over lenght and goofy side characters. 
bad [Depp has] the air of someone who's decided reality is just a bit too much of a chore, he verges on camp and sometimes blithely surrenders to it altogether. 
fair It's not so much the minor flaws as it is the fact that Pirates of the Caribbean just wasn't enough fun for me. 
good AAaarrrghh-uably one of the summer's best! 
good Fun -- pure and simple. 
good It's something we've been lacking at the cinema for a while now: pure fun. 
bad Gore Verbinski's direction seems to sway whichever possible way will get the most reaction at any given moment. It's a movie of whim,...[a] hit-or-miss dartboard variety of whatever goes, goes. 
good The only special effect Pirates of the Caribbean needed was the eyeliner beneath the unsteady eyes of Johnny Depp. 
fair While certainly not a bad film, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl nonetheless rates as somewhat of a disappointment, given the talent involved. 
bad Depp casts a spell every bit as powerful as any demonic bullion. 
bad Certainly, Pirates has its moments. But it's definitely no 'E' ticket. 
fair 'The Haunted Mansion' with Eddie Murphy is scheduled for Thanksgiving. No word yet about possible movies based on the Enchanted Tiki Room or the spinnning teacups... 
good I enjoyed Pirates of the Caribbean enough to recommend it but there are a couple of serious flaws with it that should be addressed. 
good We find a few unexpected treasures mildewing away in Jerry Bruckheimer's chest of slimy old cliches: a script that occasionally borders on cleverness, a winningly sleazy performance by Johnny Depp and a considerable sense of style from Gore Verbinski. 
good has the feel of a great Saturday matinee: It's almost all 'good parts,' with very few opportunities for expeditions to the concession stand. 
bad Spooky, atmospheric direction and a colorful turn by Depp clash with the dumbed-down storyline and veritable booty of pirate cliches. 
very_bad An overly long adventure that, with some tinkering and editing, could have been more akin to such classics as The Crimson Pirate rather than just a reminder that they exist. 
very_good Not only wildly surpasses its poor expectations, but also stands tall as one of the very best summer movies of all time. 
bad The movie is marvelously filmed with visual touches recalling fantasy specialists Terry Gilliam and Ray Harryhausen, among others. 
very_good Pirates of the Caribbean is surprisingly good but it probably would not have been half as entertaining if it were not for Johnny Depp's commanding performance as Captain Jack Sparrow. 
good Depp...is `Pirates'' loose cannon, and the real reason to see the film. 
bad Ultimately makes for an enjoyable evening back in the time of pirates, treasures, wenches and Natalie Portman lookalikes in distress. 
very_good Brisk, exciting and, at times, wildly funny, Pirates wisely channels blockbusters of old that didn't have the benefit of more-more-more effects or angst-filled, Daddy-didn't-love-me plotlines. 
bad It's not that 'Pirates of the endless title: and subtitle' is a bad movie, it's just unremarkable. 
bad By the end, the film has gone from being a cheesy delight to an aimless, tired smorgasbord of empty action scenes. 
best A joy to watch - an adventure, funny, sexy boys, fantastic effects, great story. What do you want, an engraved invitation? 
fair Pirates is Indiana Jones on the high seas, complete with serial B-movie concept, wall-to-wall action, and fantastic myths come true. 
very_good Pirates will enthrall kids and amuse adults. Its only failing is that at 2 hours and 15 minutes, it's about 20 minutes too long. 
bad A cleverly nostalgic, high-tech copy of the real deal. 
very_bad There is much by way of noise, computer-generated action, big sets and breezy laughs, and practically nothing to intrude on your thought processes afterwards. 
good At nearly 2 1/2 hours, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is as ridiculously overlong as its title, but it is also scary fun. 
good A fun Disney ride. 
good Who knew Johnny Depp was a theme park all by himself? 
bad Pirates of the Caribbean is a movie that you ride around in circles for 2 hours and 23 minutes, until at last it brings you back where you began, exhausted and a lot dizzier. 
bad A monotonous, repetitive spectacle of endless shipboard sword fights and pirate ghosts in the moonlight. 
good Just imagine spending two hours-plus on a Pirates of the Caribbean ride and you'll get some idea of the approximate sensations that this movie creates. 
very_bad Given the movie's dark, dense and overly long nature, I'm not sure it was inspired enough. 
good An improbably entertaining, if overlong, adventure that brings new meaning to the term 'summer camp.' 
good Rarely serious yet not expressly a comedy, Pirates successfully replicates the hammy cinematics of a Disney theme-park ride. 
good A theme park ride has been successfully transferred to the screen. 
bad Pirates of the Caribbean tends to overstay its welcome. 
good While the plot and action are all deliberately familiar, director Gore Verbinski steers a continual course for sheer, mindless, rope-swinging, crow's-nest-hollering summer fun. 
good A pretty fun ride all by itself. 
good The summer's oddest, most unexpected blockbuster has arrived. 
good Depp hijacks -- no, commandeers -- the staginess and special effects, turning Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl into a giddy adventure. 
best From stem to stern this rousing adventure shines ship-shape and Bristol fashion. 
best Long title. Waaay too long a movie. Other than that, it's flawless entertainment. 
good An affectionate, tongue-in-cheek homage to the famous ride and it's just as irreverent and wild as the ride ever was. 
good An entertaining flick, but not for the full 2 hours and 20 minutes...seems a bit long. 
good This is one of the few summer movies this year that actually feels like a summer movie. 
good A movie that charms the audience and then outstays its welcome. 
good An exhilaratingly funny movie ride. 
fair Boasts the season's best production values, first-rate computer-animated special effects and a strong ensemble cast ready to toss your low expectations overboard. 
good May not blow you out of the water as the trailer promised, but it delivers enough fun to shiver anyone's timbers. 
good ... Pirates is a fantasy excursion that will bring out the Peter Pan in you. 
terrible Yo ho, yo ho! A full refund for me! 
fair You may need a shot of rum to get through the first 30 minutes, but after that it's rather entertaining. 
very_bad Frankly, I thought the film was boring. 
bad The movie is better than it deserves to be, given its origins: a ride at Disneyland and Disney World. 
good A fast-moving, wickedly funny and vividly mounted distraction that brings to mind adventure romps like The Mummy, The Princess Bride and Disney's The Mask of Zorro, with Antonio Banderas. 
very_bad As forgettable as a bad day in the Disneyland parking lot. 
good Bruckheimer and pals have cobbled together all of the pirate genre's tropes -- the cannonballs, the sword fights, the glittering treasure -- and freshened them up, throwing in a couple of nods to the Disneyland ride for good measure. 
good The most entertaining amusement of a summer divided between spectacles that force you to exercise your brain and spectacles that seem to suck the brain right out of your head. 
good Pirates of the Caribbean may have taken its nutso inspiration from a theme-park ride. But it has become, without a doubt, its own wild ride. 
good [Tackled] in a way that shows they were interested in putting together a solid piece of entertainment, not just a string of action sequences connected by a bad plot. 
bad Depp easily steals the show, delivering a quirky performance that has him teetering around like a flamboyant dandy with cerebral palsy... 
best Never before have I been so thrilled about being so wrong: despite all my early skepticism, Pirates ends up one of the most entertaining movies of the past few years. 
very_good Peg-legs, parrots, hidden treasure, plank-walking, and plunging necklines... Now, that's what a pirate movie is about! 
very_good This is a helluva enjoyable flick that (dare I say it) doesn't require the knowledge of a trip down that old boat ride since it creates its own ride all by itself. 
good This movie is a lot more entertaining than the Disney ride itself, and will perhaps stand the test of time -- and repeat viewings -- even more. 
very_good One foot of the film is in Terry Gilliam's ethics of the stratum surreal, with the other in Spielbergian theme park attraction. 
good Pirates of the Caribbean has a smart script, an attractive cast, some very creative violence and romance to boot. 
good Swashbuckling adventures are few and far between these days, so it's a pleasant surprise to see one that is competently made. 
good This rollicking adventure is everything a pirate movie should be -- witty dialogue, double-crosses, swordfights, skeletons and gold coins aplenty. 
very_good I'm now here to eat every bad word I said in anticipation of this movie...it may well be one of the most enjoyable pirate escapades of all time. 
fair Pirates of the Caribbean is fun -- but only as long as you don't expect much. 
good A pirate movie made with a pirate's sensibility for filmmaking. 
fair Before it becomes redundant, the action is truly fun and classically swashbuckling. 
bad Would have been a complete nightmare if it weren't for Depp, whose character is an unholy melange of Captain Morgan, Dudley Moore, Keith Richards and Andy Dick. 
best POTC: Legend of the Black Pearl is an immediate Disney(TM) Classic. It's a frolicking ten ton treasure chest of swashbuckling summer fun! Watch:Red Carpet Coverage 
very_bad Not one of Tashlin's better efforts. 
very_good Years before Kenneth Anger, Frank Tashlin located the decadent Babylon in Hollywood and found it not that different from the splashy Looney Tunes bonanzas he used to fashion during his salad days as an animator. 
very_bad Sure, the scenery is splashy and sporty in color and CinemaScope. But the show is as meager and witless as a cheap pin-up magazine joke. 
good Wild combination of cartoonish farce with seminal rock performances. Those milk bottles! 
good It's a great looking great sounding movie. 
very_bad The only thing complicated about Nancy Meyers' latest rom-com is its depiction of familial relationships. Why do Meryl Streep's adult children keep on cuddling and squeezing one another? 
bad Alec Baldwin does the near impossible: he steals a Meryl Streep film from Meryl Streep. 
bad While it may be complicated for the characters, it's a simple formula for light movie entertainment. 
good A charming cast of veteran pros are at the top of their comic game. 
good an occasionally pleasant misfire, a romantic comedy that, despite its bright premise and superlative cast, isn't as smart as it should be. 
very_bad The Oscar talk surrounding It's Complicated is some way off, it's not a bad film, but it's certainly nothing to get excited about. 
terrible click to read full review 
very_good Streep finally gets her chance to cut loose -- and her frisky, flirty Jane is a comic revelation. 
very_bad Ao menos e consistente em sua mediocridade, errando ate o ultimo instante. 
good Rollicking and ribald, 'It's Complicated' is a comedy about passions and people 'of a certain age.' 
fair The 'yuppie-bohemian' culture prevalent in most films of this nature remains uninspired, and while the Adler's affair may be complicated, the plot isn't, but as a perfect example of what the right casting will achieve, it remains very watchable. 
good A refined, balanced and eminently funny film, featuring three sublime performances from its incredibly talented leads. 
fair ...an affable and downright breezy romcom romp. 
good A fun and sweet romantic comedy that lands comfortably on the smart side of vacant, along the way offering a pleasant and satisfying diversion for the grown-ups in the room. 
very_bad Like all Meyers' films, it's more about interior design porn than real human emotions and drags on for far too long. Still, Streep, Krasinski and Baldwin are so good, they almost make it work. Almost. 
bad Streep is as enjoyable as ever, and if laughs count for anything, this is one of the better romantic comedies of the season. 
bad It's Complicated is the kind of wholesome adult-oriented entertainment that once formed the bedrock of classical Hollywood. 
bad For me, Meyers's romcoms have been unwatchable because of the utter fakeness of their leading players: but I must confess, Baldwin and Streep do have that most over-analysed thing, "chemistry." 
bad No one's calling it great art. But as an indulgent confection, it's more filling and less embarrassing than we had any right to expect. 
bad While making a few pithy observations about the mid-life condition, it's no more complicated - or profound - than a racy issue of Hello! 
bad Not too sickly-sweet, but not sour either - still, Meyers' sex-with-the-ex comedy is an entertaining poke in the eye for Hollywood ageism. 
good Mixing elements of frisky French farce with middle-class American comedy, It's Complicated is a daffy and delectable spree. 
bad It's Complicated is the best middle-aged romcom since Julie & Julia. If you loved Streep in that or Mamma Mia!, you're also going to like her a lot in this. 
good Meyers steers a middle course between saccharine and sentiment with her latest, a warm, witty and wise rom-com focusing on the mating habits of fiftysomething Californians. Think Sex And The City for seniors. 
very_bad An almost unbearably twee look at three wealthy people in a love triangle. 
bad It's Complicated is another Streepshow, like Mamma Mia, that illustrates the power and willingness of Hollywood's best actress to slough inhibitions like Salome's veils. 
terrible On it drags, simpering the while over the lavish accoutrements of upper-middle-class life as though they contained the key to all happiness - which, in Meyers's worldview, they probably do. 
very_bad A slice of pure Hollywood hokum overstaying its welcome by at least 15 long minutes. 
good This is escapist fluff, pure and simple, but it's given a huge boost by some deliciously funny scripting from writer-director Nancy Meyers and a trio of ace lead performances. 
bad It's all very contrived and terminally nice. Probably too nice for its own good. 
terrible The erroneously titled It's Complicated revels in reducing smart, intelligent women to mewling morons whose ability to attract the attentions of past-their-prime leading men somehow counts as progress. 
fair Meyers has a finger firmly planted on the pulse of what makes people in the middle of their lives tick, although it would help if she didn't make her characters work so hard to get out from under all of that enviable production design 
bad Watchable, if overlong and underdeveloped romcom that just about survives Nancy Meyers' bloated direction thanks to strong comic performances from a perfectly cast Streep and Baldwin. 
fair While It's Complicated may not be as complicated as it wants to be, it has just the right amount of appeal to put a smile on your face... 
fair A scrubbed-clean fantasy, the story of privileged people living lives taken straight from catalogs. 
bad It's Complicated may not be all that complicated after all, but at least it's entertaining enough, thanks to Streep and Baldwin. 
good Baldwin, Martin and Meyers stage an ensemble comedy that's among the funniest movies of 2009. 
very_bad Meryl Streep is surprisingly awful in this movie...one of her very worst performances. 
bad I'm not sure I'd want to download a podcast of Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin reading the instructions to a 1040 form, but I'd imagine both could make the material become more pleasantly vibrant. 
bad There's something enjoyable about silly romantic comedies that centre on middle-aged people for a change, especially when the characters are as well-cast as these. And even if the film is both over-long and rather pointless. 
fair "It's Complicated" will be for middle-aged women what the latest "Transformers" sequel is for teenage boys. 
very_bad It's abundantly clear that the Martin character, a sweet, sensitive 60-ish man who's a good listener - and an architect, to boot - is Meyers' version of the ideal male. 
bad It may be complicated but it's not funny and with this cast it should be. 
very_good For all the complicatedness of the emotions Streep and Baldwin navigate, it's still a smooth ride to huge grins and hearty guffaws, with excellent performances. 
very_bad It's complicated. Oh wait, no it's not. This film is a classic example of rich people's problems. 
fair Writer-director Nancy Meyers surprisingly goes too easy on the character of Jake, a decision that leaves a bad taste and drains some of the fun out of this otherwise agreeable (if rarely uproarious) bauble. 
bad [Meyers has] given us her thinnest slice of comic relationship angst yet, proving, I guess, that you actually can be too thin. 
fair Writer-director Meyers, who's devoted much of her career to midlife American arousal, that she loses her sense of fun. 
very_good Simply put, It's Complicated is a hoot. 
good The movie works because the audience can identify with Jane's life, even if they can't identify with her kitchen. 
bad Meyers has a good feel for contemporary comedy; ita(TM)s reality, however, that slips through her grasp. 
bad More sitcom than screwball, Meyers' films are more interesting to talk about -- Why aren't more movies aimed at this demographic? What does the popularity of these films say about mature women and their relationships? -- than enjoyable to watch. 
good It's Complicated thankfully isn't %u2013 as a romantic comedy, that is. It's pretty straight forward, funny stuff, bolstered by terrific performances and a script that zings. 
terrible The only person in the cast who knows how to portray comedy in film is John Krasinski...only when he is on screen does the movie come alive, and that's not enough. 
good It's Complicated proves Nancy Meyers has the aging rom-com genre to herself - and it's in very good hands. 
bad It's Complicated is basically Wild Hogs for smart people, big stars playing below their gifts in a crowd-pleasing movie. 
good There is a line of dialogue spoken by Meryl Streep that is worth the entire price of admission. 
good It's a spirited rom-com with 3 strong leads who can do any number of brilliant comedic turns in their sleep. Or in their kitchens. Or in an assortment of beds, where the fun truly heats up. 
bad There are some giggles here, but most of them are coming from Streep as she goes through her litany of coy indecisiveness ending with the desired reaction. 
bad Streep and Baldwin turn in two fearless performances. They play to the film's strengths perfectly, overpowering its defects 
very_good Refreshingly mature, funny and endearing with a terrific cast and razor sharp dialogue. Meryl Streep sizzles in a sexy, bold and honest performance. It's an intelligent American romcom with a very French sensibility. 
good Working from a slight script that rarely surprises, the superb cast makes an otherwise mediocre cinematic exercise into something that, if not profound, at least entertaining, at times, even moving 
bad Parents will dig this over-50 romcom, but kids won't. 
very_good Baldwin steals the film with his gleeful naughtiness. 
very_good It's Complicated isn't. This is straight-ahead, sophisticated comedy, an evolution of what Doris Day, Rock Hudson and Tony Randall did in the 1960s. 
fair It's refreshing watching mature adults in a genre usually reserved for the youth market. 
good It's Complicated unleashes an unabashedly, desperately romantic side of Baldwin that we haven't seen before. He doesn't steal this movie so much as grant all Streep's fluttering and twirling and hand-fanning an exuberant counterweight. 
fair Streep is clearly having fun playing a romantic lead. Why she hasn't gotten more offers for these kinds of roles is anyone's guess. She also has a lot of chemistry with Baldwin and Martin. All three of them are reason enough to see the film. 
fair There's nothing inherently wrong with a little fantasy; indeed, a lot of us like gazing at lavishly set tables and meticulously chosen throw pillows. But It's Complicated suffers from terminal niceness. 
very_bad Does anyone else think it's too soon for Nancy Meyers to be remaking Something's Gotta Give, a movie she wrote and directed just six years ago? 
bad Nancy Meyers never pushes for a hard truth when she can reach for an easy laugh. She's like an industrial device, stamping out 100 percent pure-plastic midlife female fantasy. 
bad Actually, Hollywood, it's very simple: If you're lucky enough to rope pros like Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin into a formulaic comedy that's clearly beneath them, you rise to the occasion. 
very_good The romantic comedy about a divorced couple having an affair manages to be both light on its feet and heavy enough to deliver something of a message. 
bad The truth is that everyone needs a little coddling, which could be the key to Ms. Meyers's peculiar talent: She pampers her audience shamelessly. 
good I enjoyed the spectacle of middle-aged people making spectacles of themselves. And I appreciated the film's gentle understanding of how the romance of a parent affects the children. 
very_good For Streep, as always, acting is anything but complicated. 
bad A movie that's one-third hilarious is better than no thirds at all, but look at the cast: Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin. Doesn't that promise a somewhat larger fraction of laughs? 
very_bad Meyers completely fails to find the strengths of the actors: Streep is too giggly, Baldwin is too bombastic and slapsticky, and Martin is too shy. 
good There is charm to be found in the simplicity of fine comic performances, which It's Complicated has in its leads and at least one supporting cast member. 
good I laughed in It's Complicated more than in any other film this year. Comedies, especially those for thinking adults, don't get any funnier than this. 
very_bad just not a film interested in working very hard 
very_bad It's Complicated is a nice two hours of fantasy -- think of it as Avatar for Eileen Fisher customers -- but it's as predictable as it is pretty, and as totally disposable as it is temporarily distracting. 
very_good Snappy dialogue and an up-tempo pop soundtrack add to It's Complicated's entertaining mix as director Nancy Meyers proves again that she has a deft hand with rom-coms. 
fair Meyers manages to offset most of the usual rom-com pitfalls just by passing the ball to Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin. 
bad Meyers does her job pretty well. She's a clever contriver, adept at adding a patina of apparent relevance, even a veneer of feminism, to situations that are otherwise bogus and artificial. 
fair It's Complicated is a rearrangement of the goods in Nancy Meyers' bakery, and some of them belong on the day-old shelf. 
bad Meyers' usually enjoyable brand of glossy escapism fails her here, resulting in a movie that's not nearly complicated enough. 
fair Yes, it coulda had more laughs, but in the spirit of seasonal good cheer, let me predict that the best-chocolate-croissant-making montage in Hollywood history is going to help this one clean up at the box office. 
good With a story that by turns defies and adheres to formulas, It's Complicated ends up being one of the end-year's best sources of pure entertainment. 
bad Meyers uses musical montages and shoots the principals doubling over in laughter in place of crafting witty dialogue. Escapism has its place at the movies, but something this slick is like a lavishly wrapped but empty Christmas present. 
terrible A romantic comedy in which Meryl Streep, but not the audience, laughs a lot. 
very_bad Insipid and borderline insulting. 
fair The empowerment message is obvious, the strain of trying to be "hip" and edgy in the script shows. But Meyers sets the table for funny people to deliver laughs. 
terrible It's not complicated: this movie sucks. 
fair Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin don't elevate this Nancy Meyers comedy as much as they save it from itself. It has all the earmarks of a door-slamming French sex farce, but without the messy subtitles. 
good It's simply a good time, a relatively adult and easygoing conveyance for three ace performers of a certain age, working through a few comic machinations created by writer-director Nancy Meyers. 
good What is appealing is to see a romantic date movie in which the protagonists are well past puberty and are likely AARP members. 
bad It's clear I'm out of the demo for this one, which fetishizes interior design and home furnishings almost as much as the sex. But a substantive plot larded with more laughs would have made my thoughts much less conflicted. 
terrible The character names are irrelevant as the plot's a hoary, hokey pretense to gather under the stars. 
fair You don't have to feel guilty for lapping up this froth. Just don't expect nourishment. 
good A smart, sophisticated and downright hilarious comedy. 
bad When a movie with such a high pedigree feels so uninspired, you have to wonder whether there's any hope whatsoever for the romantic comedy genre. 
very_bad Self-righteous and obnoxiously condescending. 
very_good If you're in the mood for a delightful, middle-aged romantic comedy, this is your ticket. It's a glossy holiday confection that's chock full of laughter. 
bad The movie thinks too diminutively of human intelligence, even by horror film standards. 
good it's the killer's bizarre motivations that truly terrify 
bad Firehouse Dog is a run of the mill kids film. Adults will be fairly bored by it, and how many kids like it depends on how much they like goofy animal tricks. 
bad Equal parts dog adventure and father-son tale. 
bad Breezy, silly and energetic, this canine frolic won't win top prize at Crufts, but it should offer an alternative to Pottered-out parents with young pups to please. 
very_bad Take the kids and have a nap in the dull bits. 
very_bad Firehouse Dog certainly won't be the hottest thing to hit cinemas this summer. 
bad The dog is as cute as you'd expect, while Hutcherson gives a characteristically believable performance. Adults may not be quite as enamoured, but Firehouse Dog should keep them awake to the end 
terrible Needs hosing down. 
bad As well as potty humour, this canine Backdraft has its share of adult moments. Mostly, though, it's family fun, with Hutcherson showing he's the go-to kid for sensitive loners. 
very_bad I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness, though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag. 
very_bad Todd Holland's film manipulates the prickly issues with scant regard for emotional credibility. The sentimentality is ghastly, but Rex has his moments. 
bad Welcome emotional gravity. 
very_bad No matter how you hose it down, it's always gonna smell of wet dog. 
good Enjoyable, well made family drama with strong performances, an engaging plot, impressive action sequences and a decent script. 
good Neither memorable nor innovative, Firehouse Dog ekes out success by executing a familiar family film formula faithfully. 
bad It may not set the box office on fire, but this canine caper is more agreeable than your average underdog tale. 
fair The strong performances and sharp dialog more than make up for some corny effects. 
very_bad Perhaps the lesson to be learned is that just because we can use computer technology to give dogs goofy faces, that doesn't mean we should. 
good It's not animated.It's not Disney.It's not moronic.And, sadly, that might mean that the entertaining, worthwhile "Firehouse Dog" could go missing. 
terrible We're forced to endure plenty of scatological gags and treacly exchanges between Shane and his distant dad as the film imparts an obvious message about the frivolity of stardom. 
very_bad Most of the film sits firmly in a comfort zone of fart jokes and dogs doing cool tricks. 
very_bad Almost two hours of tedious vulgarity, which leaves plenty of time to feel sorry for Greenwood, whose efforts to deliver a warm, subtle performance are regularly upstaged by poo jokes and bratty hijinks. 
very_bad There were plenty of fart jokes and dog burps to make my kids laugh. 
bad Scruffy, spirited, family-friendly comedy with too many flatulence jokes and pooch-related puns. 
very_bad ...the movie isn't particularly bad, but it's utterly and absolutely insignificant. 
bad A movie that is probably too intense for younger children yet too simplistic for their older siblings or grownups. 
bad Concentrates on plot, lots and lots of plot, a butt-numbing 111 minutes of plot with at least six subplots. Unless your child has the patience of a saint, I'd suggest proceeding with caution. 
terrible throws most of its well-chewed bones to the youngest of patrons and treats ticket-purchasing parents like hydrants. 
bad It's harmless enough for young kids, but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic, instantly forgettable family-friendly feature. 
bad If it's not the dog of the week, this is surely a bow-wow flick without pedigree. 
bad Firehouse Dog is credited to three writers, but not one of them seems to have a solitary spark of an idea. 
bad Despite a clunky start (and pedestrian filmmaking) the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age. 
fair It's got a formulaic plot, the jokes are middling, and... the acting's nothing to write home about, either. It's acceptable [for kids], if disposable. 
good Firehouse Dog has good fire action, an engaging cast and enough vividly shot turns, surprises and bowwow reactions to hold the firm attention of pet lovers from age 5 on up. Go fetch. 
good Despite every expected turn of events, this is a real hero story. 
good Like a loyal pet, Firehouse Dog ends up being a fun family experience all ages will enjoy. 
fair A quality dramedy that knows how to satisfy its target audience. Rexxx is talented in tricks and stunts, but this is Josh Hutcherson's film all the way. 
fair Intertwining more storylines than a dog walker's clutch of leashes, Firehouse Dog nevertheless gets them all neatly resolved, pets in the right hands and wrongdoers in the can. 
good It has one of the best -- if not always the most heartwarming -- dog-and-his-boy relationships since Lassie. 
terrible If there was a good idea at the core of this film, it's been buried in an unsightly pile of flatulence jokes, dog-related bad puns and a ridiculous serial arson plot. 
good In a film that's effectively the canine version of Doc Hollywood, the title character learns to sift false from true values. It's barking up the right tree. 
very_bad You'd be better off taking your kid to visit a dog run for a couple of hours. 
bad This is an oddly second-rate production for a major-studio release; the underwhelming mystery belongs in a Scooby-Doo episode, and the slapdash direction is just as shaggy. 
good Firehouse Dog is a wholesome throwback to a time before computer animators made animals talk and penguins hogged the glory. 
fair An entertaining family comedy full of both tricks and trickery. 
very_bad Is it impossible to make an exciting, warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that doesn't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters? 
very_bad Firehouse Dog isn't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses, but at times it's close enough for discomfort. 
bad In Firehouse Dog a pampered Hollywood pooch trades his movie-star lifestyle for a run-down firehouse sadly in need of a mascot. 
bad The fun-loving flea-bitten fable Firehouse Dog is a cutesy kiddie comedy that unfortunately barks up the wrong tree. 
very_bad ...so overstuffed with heavy themes and convoluted plot lines that it barely manages to squeeze in the requisite gags about canine flatulence. 
very_bad Nothing says "family film" like a doggie foursome! 
bad Had it been made shortly after 9/11, Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud. 
bad Though it never completely catches fire, there's enough earnestness and warmth that makes it a welcome alternative in a family film arena dominated by computer animation and associated toy lines. 
good The real question is: How does it go from setup A to inevitable payoff B? Answer: with humor, humanity and production values a cut above your average boy-and-his-dog movie. 
very_bad Firehouse Dog is like that corgi or collie who won't or can't learn a trick. It just lies there, looking cute, gathering fleas. 
good Once it figures out it's more drama than comedy, Firehouse Dog does the job. 
very_bad While you can admire the filmmaker for his unconventional means of expressing himself, without any sense of linearity, or character development, it becomes impossible to invest in this picture. 
good It's a giant montage; a rhapsody and an elegy, cinema as prayer. 
terrible The result is ludicrous self-parody - somewhere between a Calvin Klein aftershave advertisement and a coffee-table book about the modernist mansions of the rich and famous. 
bad With vacant eyes and mouth agape, man continues his seemingly irrevocable fall from innocence, in Terrence Malick's eternally juvenile seventh feature Knight of Cups. 
very_bad Like Tree of Life, it's best to let the film wash over you and enjoy Lubezki's gorgeous images such as mist rolling over a hillside and various inventive underwater perspectives. 
very_bad For every pinch of poetry, there are kilos of joyless, uninspired prose. 
very_bad ...there's no denying that - as a horror flick - the film fails miserably... 
bad A slight and breezy curtain call for one of Hollywood's best duos. 
good A highly entertaining buddy comedy with two legendary stars in top form. 
bad A flimsy film, but the two old pros make it worth catching. 
bad A humourous and also fitting encore for screen's legendary duo 
good Akroyd and Basinger give the film an infectious stroke of energy, and by the end we continue to smile even as we are exhausted under the weight of endless nonsense. 
very_bad Pretty dumb fantasy-sci-fi-comedy directed by Richard Benjamin. 
bad Not nearly as bad as advertised. 
bad Harmless. 
very_bad There were more laughs in "Nine and a Half Weeks" 
terrible ...and your movie is a joke. 
bad Jay Jonroy, who wrote and directed David & Layla, has come up with some potentially funny material that doesn't quite work. 
fair The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic cliches is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy's cross-culture love story, which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding. 
fair My Big Fat Muslim Wedding! 
fair Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy's comedy, and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new (along with a feast of great-looking food) is being brought to the table. 
terrible David and Layla is proof, if proof be needed, that good intentions just aren't enough. 
very_bad David and Layla isn't going to solve any problems -- it's got way too many of its own. 
very_bad Rather than a real drama about these things, David & Layla plays like '70s-era sitcom. 
fair Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about: finding the good in those different from you. It's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all. 
very_bad The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended, but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment. 
bad There is nothing poetic about it. 
bad Though it's no Romeo and Juliet, David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message. 
bad Weird reworking of Night at the Opera that's more peculiar than successful. 
very_bad Someone needed to donate one to this director. 
fair The jokes come so frequently you won't even have time to sneer at the lame ones. And yeah, a lot of 'em are kinda lame. John Turturro is, however, a man possessed. 
very_bad Some funny moments peppered with lots of sexual innuendo. 
fair Chock full of wacky misunderstandings and bawdy innuendo... 
bad A sporadically funny but very confused follow-up to A Fish Called Wanda. 
terrible If you disliked "Wanda", you'll loathe this! 
good Pretty funny semi-sequel to A Fish Called Wanda. 
very_bad It has little of the wit and none of the bite of "A Fish Called Wanda." 
bad close nut no banana 
terrible A misguided, neverending bellyflop of a film. 
fair It's a pale imitation of "Wanda," but still fairly packed with giggles. 
bad The spirited cast of Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline and Monty Pythonites John Cleese and Michael Palin is willing. But this tossed-together trifle about an unassuming British zoo taken over by a money-mad Murdochian media mogul is weak. 
fair Miley might not become another Britney, if she keeps away from those way-cute Jonas boys. They look like trouble. I think they've actually experienced hormones. 
bad ...possesses few elements designed to appeal to viewers over a certain age... 
bad I found myself imagining boardrooms full of people going over market research about exactly which lime-green sneaker/jean jacket combo will get the maximum pop-lust response from the fans and create the biggest marketing opportunity. 
good Her great time is your great time -- if you're into it. 
bad I can't think of a better recommendation for the DVD... than the fact that my two sons wanted to watch it. 
terrible A film that opens with celebuspawn Cyrus practising scales and ends with me wrapping my lips around the barrel of a twelve-gauge 
bad "Cyrus is that pageant child often drawn in to the background whenever her dad Billy Ray is on set, and he even manages to attach himself in to her act..." 
bad Parents of younger fans will be pleased to note that although there's lots of jumping about and running around plus enough lipgloss to paint the Forth Bridge, there is not so much as a hint of raunch. 
very_bad Just weeks after U2's 3D concert movie comes another shameless cash-in. 
bad This movie either marks the end of civilization or it's just jolly good fun. 
very_bad Little more than a Disney cash-cow entirely wasted on anyone old enough to smoke, drink or vote. 
very_bad A proper little trouper with enough charisma to render the 3D visuals redundant. 
bad Anyone under theage of ten won't have a clue what's going on, but it's perfect fodder for its target audience. 
good Entertaining, thanks entirely to the charms of its 15-year-old star. 
very_good There's something adorable about this whole Miley Cyrus phenomenon that appeals to, well, the girl in me. 
bad ...not a great concert, but a pretty good one, and great seats. 
fair The movie spectacular to fulfill your little girls' wildest dreams, and at a considerably lower rate than the live concert. 
bad With the disinterest of one not being badgered into coughing up $18 a ticket, what I saw felt a lot like the Barbie's Playhouse version of Madonna's Truth or Dare. 
bad Young fans will love sugary sweet concert film. 
fair For parents who were unable to secure tickets for the young fans in their households, it's nothing short of a godsend. 
fair One's opinion of it may depend more on age and parental status than exposure to other rock-concert films. But there's no denying the film delivers on its promise. 
fair It's great for kids to see that Miley doesn't just wake up polished. She makes mistakes, she practices - there's a learning curve and work involved. Fans are sure to enjoy. 
fair Whether you like the music or not, you can't fault Miley -- this young lady works her petite fanny off performing for her fans, and she seems to be having a great time doing it ... 
fair Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus is Bubble Yum for the eyes and ears. But given the demographic, that works. 
fair What this concert film and documentary makes clear is that the real Miley is not just like her predominantly pre-adolescent, female fans. 
bad Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert is a diverting 3-D artifact of Ms. Cyrus's just concluded tour. 
fair Obviously, there's no replicating the real thing. But it's as close as you'll come to achieving the best of both worlds. 
bad Miley Cyrus is not U2. 
fair Totally slick and vanilla, but you have to like a kid who works this hard. 
bad In his investigation of the legend that Jesus survived crucifixion, married Mary Magdalene and fathered children who married French royalty, British director Bruce Burgess claims to present new evidence--including the mummified body of Mary Magdalene. 
very_bad Tedious. 
terrible Daft documentary [is] both exhausting and exasperating. 
terrible If you're a conspiracy buff who believes The Da Vinci Code, and who wants further proof that Jesus was just a man, then have I got a flick for you. 
fair As purportedly nonfictional cinema, Bloodline poses an implicit dilemma to viewers and critics: How do we know if what we're watching is real? 
fair Taking up where "The Da Vinci Code" left off, this enthralling documentary inflames the imagination and pushes the envelope of controversy. 
bad The sensationalistic documentary Bloodline explores the supposition that there exists a lineage traceable to Jesus and Mary Magdalene. 
bad Here lies hoax and charlatanism, but if Burgess' discovery turns into a proven revelation, his documentary should turn into a runaway hit and my rating turns Fresh! 
good An exciting adventure, and a lot of fun to watch. 
bad The type of work that is easy to admire but difficult to like 
good Packed with cultural references and sly satire, this is also a hugely entertaining comic romp. 
good Utterly charming. 
best A beautiful and touching story. 
best From this beginning, aided by the beautiful, luminous black-and-white cinematography of Soumendru Roy, Ray contrives an extraordinary world, at once Arcadian and yet possessed of utter, unforced naturalness and reality. 
good A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing. 
good Bonkers laugh... like a colourful, senses-pounding rush. The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out Of Water offers far more craziness than David Hasselhoff could in the first film. 
good An animated Monty Python movie you can take the whole family to. 
good The live-action sequences, in which Antonio Banderas chews the pirate scenery, may not live up to the Looney Tunes madness of the cartoons, but for sheer head-scrambling craziness this is hard to beat. 
bad The prolonged live-action sequence is great fun, but ends too quickly. It seems like a lost opportunity. 
bad Intermittently, SpongeBob's latest feature is very funny indeed, even for non-devotees of the original series. 
good Sponge Out of Water has a frenetic, Looney Tunes pacing and a head-spinning, surreal story that makes you wonder whether it's aimed at children or stoners. 
fair SpongeBob SquarePants has always been aimed much more at childish adults than actual children, and this deranged comical adventure is no exception... 
good Under the expert guidance of TV series writer/director Paul Tibbitt, sophisticated adult gags jostle with inspired childish silliness, each element dovetailing for increased inventiveness. 
good Almost every line is a zinger, which can be appreciated in a state of total sobriety: it's a non-stoner stoner film - and very funny. 
bad The film moves like a pyjama case full of angry weasels, and finds ingenious ways to cram every scene with just one more loopy, disposable gag or slapstick thwack. It may not be the year's best animated film, but it's almost certainly the most. 
bad There's a streak of madness running through The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water, elevating it above the usual run-of-the-mill animated fare into something that, at its best, is inspired lunacy. 
fair It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined. 
bad What it delivers is what it promises: a battery of deliciously daft, fast-firing, self-mocking, flavour-rich gags, flung with such zest you don't mind if they're disposable. 
bad For the most part, Sponge Out of Water provides decent-sized doses of wacky animated fun; it's packed full of hilarious one-liners, pop culture references and colourful characters that should keep both adults and kids entertained. 
fair A film of rare ambition in family filmmaking, the obvious result of passion and care. 
very_good Psychedelic, colorful and in-your-face, you'll want to soak up the latest from Spongebob. 
very_good The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water finds a reason to come off the TV and onto the movie screen. More than fifteen years since his debut, he feels fresh once again. 
terrible Why a movie about an unassuming cartoon sponge felt compelled to adopt the register of a summer blockbuster is beyond me. 
bad A nominal theme&mdash;complete with theme song&mdash;of teamwork. But really, Sponge Out of Water is about little more than fast food and ice cream, with the same promise of empty calories. 
bad Silly, surreal and squeezable, SpongeBob scores again. 
best Laugh out loud funny, visually engaging, and entertaining for anyone of any age, Sponge Out of Water proves that Spongebob has plenty left in the tank and is bound to allow us to visit his pineapple under the sea for many years to come. 
bad Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants. 
bad The SpongeBob Movie is essentially a kid-friendly stoner comedy, but also one that's clever and inspired enough to keep SpongeBob fans entertained. 
good Sometimes, certain kids' movies are so flat-out weird that they eventually become cult classics for viewers who take pleasure in not being able to quite believe what they're seeing. 
bad Fun, goofy SpongeBob movie is as trippy as the show. 
good Not the most gripping narrative, but the frenetic pace and nonstop gags will please young fans. 
bad Though some parents and older non-parents are into Sponge Bob the concept is really aimed at little ones. A 90-minute film is painful for them - and us - to squirm through. 
fair "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" remains true to the surrealism of its animated television roots. But it also tries to force a live-action element which isn't as comfortable a fit as a certain pair of symmetrical trousers. 
fair A funny sequel too slow to get to what the entire audience wants and has been promised. 
good Even childless (and sober) I still had a pretty good time, and if you like silliness with a sprinkling of surrealism, you will too. 
fair The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water mostly nails what has always made the character, and his brightly coloured underwater world, so endearing: the abundant innocence, the welcome lack of cynicism and the out-and-out stupidity. 
fair For my part, it's the most laughs I've had at a theatre this year. 
bad The bulk of Sponge Out of Water stays submerged, hand-drawn and Banderas-free, still delivering the coy wit, surrealism and absurdity that come hand-in-hand with SpongeBob's frivolous, childish whimsy. 
fair A goofy gag-filled surf-and-turf romp that will entertain adults with its ridiculous lunacy as it delights kids with colourful fun. 
fair clearly enjoys the times when it can push the boundaries of its 15 year old idea and bring a new perspective to the participants and their problems 
bad There's something about this project that, despite checking all of the requisite plot and sensibility boxes, doesn't convey as an organic work of SpongeBob-ishness. 
bad Even kids will smell something phony about the repeated cheers of "Teamwork!" And any grown-up who thinks the obvious puns are somehow clever or subversive has been smoking seaweed. 
fair You can tell the script is short on punch lines by how often it resorts to poop and fart jokes, the last refuge of the desperate gag writer. 
very_bad [The film] runs a reasonable-sounding 92 minutes. Yet those 92 feel like more than enough. 
fair The film strives to be weird as often as funny. But it's such a good-natured kind of weird that the viewer can't help but succumb to this barrage of 'nautical nonsense.' 
terrible Children may be delighted, and perhaps also addled. 
good "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" weaves a silly - and often funny - spell. It's a scrappy little B-movie that zips along rather entertainingly. 
good The spirit of the series remains true: cheerfully random jokes, blink-and-you'll-miss-them references and, above all, a silly, stubbornly sentimental streak that only the crabbiest cynic could dismiss. 
bad While the outcome is intermittently funny, it's also watered-down and hyperactive. 
bad It's amiable goofiness, delivered at an emphatic, feverish pitch. 
fair The plot is straightforward, predictable and slight, no more intricate a plot than a 15-minute TV episode would have. It's the freewheeling madness of its execution that makes the movie such a trip - as in acid trip. 
terrible Nothing new or exciting for Spongebob fans. It's even more painful if you're not a fan. 
good This megadose of Spongeyness is laugh-out-loud funny. A lot. 
fair Ultimately, for the show's fans, it may not matter if "Sponge Out of Water" shows a hint of mildew. 
bad ['SpongeBob'] really is the 'Three Stooges' of the modern day (albeit less violent and with more good vibes), where the jokes don't have to be great (and especially don't have to be sophisticated) but just have to keep coming. 
fair Not remotely original, but loopy and small-fry friendly. 
fair Its dedication to the transgressive power of frivolity remains the franchise's greatest weapon. 
good It may not be be the smartest animated flick out there, but with all the wildly weird happenings, and impressive 3D effects being flung out at you, it is absolutely entertaining. Simply put, SpongeBob rocks! 
bad Eight-year-old me probably would have found SpongeBob's antics vastly more entertaining, but alas, I now need my seagull poop jokes coupled with something more substantial. 
bad This is primarily an exercise in hyperactivity meant to spark glee in kids and draw chuckles from adults. The effect is admittedly ephemeral, yet while the film is running it is altogether effective. 
terrible As non-fiction filmmaking goes, this work is a complete disaster. 
bad really a scattershot documentary going for breadth rather than depth in economic issues. 
best Inventive, prophetic black comedy; lots of violence, mayhem. 
best Brazil is this unique amalgamation of ideas straight out of Terry Gilliam's head that results in something so strange and so unique that it's just genius with a conclusion that is undeniably haunting. 
very_good An energetically quirky social metaphor, political commentary and action/sci-fi farce all balled up into one outrageously enjoyable experience, provided you like the work of Terry Gilliam. 
best Gilliam crams the screen with such a proliferation of bizarre and comic details that you'll want to revisit this particular nightmare again and again. 
good Brazil is a stinging, Strangelovian satire of the power of the bureaucracy in an Orwellian landscape. 
best Brazil serves up one of the most breathtakingly imaginative worlds ever to be put on screen. 
very_good Brazil -- a black comedy that remains ahead of its time -- is one of the most audacious fantasies ever made. 
very_good Gilliam's Orwellian vision is memorable and distinctive 
best Brilliant all around; Gilliam at his peak 
good Celebrates imagination as the only escape from a bleak, ridiculous, and troubled world. 
best It has visual style and imagination to burn, but it's the ideas behind it that make it a modern classic.. 
best An intelligent, thought provoking, visually stunning film. 
best Dense, complex, nightmarish, thought-provoking and ultimately shattering. 
best An imaginitive and haunting post-Orwellian reimagining of 1984. 
good A superb example of the power of comedy to underscore serious ideas, even solemn ones. 
best The most original movie of the past thirty years; a triumph not only of brilliant filmmaking, but of the director's desire to stay true to his vision. 
very_good This film is considered Terry Gilliam's masterwork. I am inclined to agree. 
best One of the greatest films of the century. 
bad Very hard to follow. 
good Brazil succeeds in painting an entertaining and chaotic picture of a nasty world where none of us would want to live. 
best Not in everybody's taste, but why risk missing one of the most brilliant science fiction movies ever made? 
fair Although the good outweighs the bad, the film is, nevertheless, one big muddle. 
best Contains some of the most clever lines ever. 
best A Hard Day's Night is a chance to experience to the joyous, early days of pop - while at the same time noting how the pressures of re-energising national life were beginning to close in on the enchanting innocence of youth. 
fair The Beatles might break into song at any moment or they might run around a park goofing around while their songs are playing, but these moments truly work and they clearly helped to lay the groundwork for MTV Videos and musicals to come. 
best an art film and an exploitation film, a comedy and a musical, a celebration of the Beatles and a satire of their fame and fortune 
best Critic Andrew Sarris wasn't just playing the fanboy when he described this movie as 'The Citizen Kane of jukebox musicals.' He just might have been selling it short. 
best The movie never feels like a nostalgia trip. It moves, breathes and sings with life. 
good As invigorating and funny now as it was on its original release half a century ago, A Hard Day's Night offers both a perfect showcase for the Beatles and an intriguing snapshot of fast-changing, early-1960s British society. 
good It's pure joy as I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her and Tell Me Why pour out over footage of thousands of screaming, weeping schoolgirls with bouffant hair and miniskirts pursuing John, Paul, George and Ringo. 
best Pure, delirious, irresistible joy. 
good Part musical bonanza, part laugh-out-loud farce, part satirical social document. 
best It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon. 
best At a time when Elvis and Cliff were still making old-style musicals, this forerunner of the modern music video smashed the mould. 
best An anarchic, ground-breaking breath of fresh air that weaves a fictional romp around a chaotic day in the life of the Fab Four as they try to make it to their big show. 
good A Hard Day's Night looks chaotic and slapdash enough (and just occasionally, for me, depressing enough) to count as an experimentalist or underground movie. 
good The simple joys of mucking about are captured in this madcap concert tour farce with the Beatles. 
good Richard Lester was the man born to direct this kinetic, kaleidoscopic comedy-with-songs, starring a quartet still fresh from the first gusts of chart-topping fame. 
best Comes bouncing at you from every angle, rubbery and untameable with the joys of teenagehood. 
best Rejected the status quo with an irreverent, quick-cutting documentary style that could fairly be described as mod, rocking and mocking. 
good Of its time, sure, but eternally entertaining. 
best Make a date to catch this on the big screen and be rewarded with pure magic. 
best Even when the band plays away from private eyes or songs simply play over disconnected footage of them having fun, the strength of their songcraft is stirring. 
best Beatles classic as fabulous as the Fab Four. 
best The best British film of the 1960s. 
best Director Richard Lester and writer Alun Owen (who has never gotten the credit he deserves) treat us to a fanciful day in the life of the Beatles, filmed in 1964 at (they thought) the peak of the Fab Four's popularity. 
best See it for no other reason than the fact that it's all too rare you can spend 87 minutes smiling and feeling positive about life. 
best That Lester and the Beatles got away with the irreverent and superb Hard Day's Night is, by today's standards, a miracle. 
best The cinema has had many landmarks, but few have been as entertaining. 
good It's a fine conglomeration of madcap clowning in the old Marx Brothers' style, and it is done with such a dazzling use of camera that it tickles the intellect and electrifies the nerves. 
best Everything about this movie is a smile. 
best The result still seems fresh and different decades later. 
very_good Captures the Beatles when they still looked like they were having fun, back before drugs and psychedelia and Yoko Ono took effect. 
good A breezy slice of silliness that pretty much has the Beatles playing themselves. 
best A love letter to innocence and euphoria and the sheer lifting joy of great pop music. 
good It's hard to estimate the effect the film had on the future of movies, television, and society in general. 
very_good The deadpan humor and non-sequiturs are delivered with such dry perfection you often find yourself rewinding to see if you really heard what you think you did. (And you did.) 
best A time capsule preserving the Fab Four's charisma, joy, and youthful exuberance. 
fair Beatles fans will get a kick out of this, but those who don't worship at the Beatle shrine may be a bit flustered by its complete lack of a plot and incomprehensible accents. 
best One of the most influential films of the past 40 years gets the spit and polish for a reissue -- and it still hasn't aged at all. 
good Richard Lester's innovative film, the Beatles' debut feature, is a timewarp memento of that brief 1963-4 phase in their history known as Beatlemania. 
best Great band, great music, great film. Not only that, it remains a fascinating portrait of Britain on the cusp of change. 
best This delightful cinematic masterpiece answers the question "Do we still love them?" with a resounding "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!" 
good A Hard Day's Night remains a highly lovable movie. 
best Younger fans can see what Beatlemania was really all about. 
very_good Don't even try to keep a smile off of your face and a song out of your heart while watching the film. It's just not possible. 
best One of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies. 
best The documentary style of this movie masks its tight construction, clever script, and sublime anarchy second only to the Marx brothers. 
very_good Captured forever here in a filmic bottle is pop-culture lightning, not only Beatles magic and energy but the spirit of the early 60s that sustained it. 
best The rock and roll movie against which all others are measured. 
very_good Director Richard Lester's pop masterpiece is back and better than ever. 
terrible Somebody call Austin Powers, quick! 
very_bad To answer the question at hand, yes, The Avengers is pretty bad. Not slip-a-disk-running-from-the-theater kind of bad, but a shift-in-your-seat, "oh-for-goodness'-sake-get-on-with-it!" kind of bad. 
very_bad Fiennes and Thurman look fine in the familiar outfits, but aren't very good at banter, adventure or romance. 
very_bad This movie -- gaudy, grandiloquent and often staggeringly silly -- is one more example of how bloated and top-heavy many "event" action movies have become. 
terrible The Avengers is, without a doubt, the worst movie of the summer. 
very_bad This big-budget bore looks lovely but is so miscalculated that you can't help but wonder whether anyone involved had ever seen the original. 
terrible The cult 1960s TV series gets royally shafted by Hollywood in this stunningly designed blockbuster that's stunningly awful in every other department. 
terrible This dull spinoff of the 1960s television series has a spectacular cast but little energy and no ideas at all. 
terrible A few things you might consider doing instead of seeing The Avengers: Walking the dog. Turning the compost. Re-grouting the bathtub. Starting your 1999 taxes. Buying a dog. Starting a compost heap. 
bad Everything that the spy spoof Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery played for laughs, The Avengers treats with earnest, deadly seriousness. This is a mixed blessing. 
terrible An unmitigated disaster. 
terrible The Avengers is so bad it even elicits a horrible -- even embarrassing -- performance from Sean Connery. 
terrible A horrifyingly bad movie by any measure; but it feels like the graphic proof of a vicious God in comparison to the television show. 
terrible Thoroughly and consistently awful. 
bad Running a scant 90 minutes, it often feels as if a couple reels ended up on the cutting-room floor. Connery is absolutely delightful, though. 
terrible Finnes and Thurman look great as agents John Steed and Emma Peel who set out to thwart Connery's diabolical scheme, but they have zilch for chemistry. 
good Having finally been forced to watch the big screen version of the classic '60s British TV series, I have to confess that I thought it was a lot of well-intended fun. 
terrible To say Fiennes and Thurman don't have the chemistry of Macnee and Rigg isn't enough. They don't have the chemistry of Don Adams and Barbara Feldon. They don't have the chemistry of Boris and Natasha. 
very_bad The writing is unfortunate, attempting clever repartee between the attractive stars, but just succeeding in making everyone slightly embarrassed. 
fair Its two stars, Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, rise to the occasion and create an amusingly proper version of the high-impact spy story, while generating just enough sexual tension to keep us interested. 
terrible It will suck life force from you. 
bad The Avengers throws tons of wild things at you, but there's absolutely no logic to it. 
terrible I had heard it was bad... but this is downright silly. 
terrible Oh, I am so angry I paid full price! Don't make the same mistake I did! I can save you the trouble and pain and bitterness. Listen to me. Don't go see it! 
terrible As bad as it is, though, I didn't hate The Avengers; I felt sorry for it. 
terrible Scenes evaporate before your very eyes. Bad puns roll off the heroes and anti-hero's tongues and lay dead before your feet. 
bad The result is certainly fast moving, but confusing and off-putting as well. 
terrible It is not in any way camp. And without the camp you only have smarmy, sexist and stupid. 
bad Once you get past the beauty of the leads, a couple of impressive looking sets and the impoverished, atrocious punnery, you are stuck with a tap-water tea movie. 
terrible Words like "bad" don't even do The Avengers justice. It's time to haul out the big guns, like "appalling." 
fair This movie's got a truckload of style, a bunch of funky fashions and mod retro-fun, a decent amount of action, but less than I would have expected. 
terrible This film is an absolute mess. It looks like the regurgitated leavings of something watchable, a cinematic abomination that got pulled apart and put back together so many times that it lost all semblance of coherence. 
terrible Seek out the show and you can enjoy one of the highlights of 60's pop culture entertainment while avoiding one of the low points of the 90's. 
terrible The Avengers is out of place in our current cinema of excess; even Mrs. Peel's laudably skintight catsuit is played far too seriously. 
terrible It's appallingly awful! 
terrible DeWynter and his conspirators, seated at a long table, are all wearing fuzzy teddy bear suits, each in a different color of the rainbow. Everyone together now: WHAT THE F**K? 
bad Okay, it's not that bad. But it's close. 
terrible There's only one thing this movie has going for it--and you guessed it: Thurman in a catsuit. 
very_bad This picture is so busy being slick, stylish and surreal it doesn't even try to make sense. 
very_bad The movie is so disorganized that I'm not even sure what it was supposed to be about. 
very_bad As expected, it's a stink bomb. 
terrible The TV series was a character-driven entertainment about two charming spies. The movie is an idiocy-driven 90 minutes of torture dreamed up by people who have no new ideas of their own. 
very_bad This film's viewers must be avenged 
terrible You may think you're ready for the possibility that a film could be bad, but little can prepare you for something as pointless, smug and misguided as The Avengers. 
terrible ...amateurish and flat-out irredeemable... 
good Palumbo has managed to take the best pieces of horror, thriller, and truth and patch them together in a tirade of horrific and disturbing imagery. 
terrible Aspires to be a highly stylized exploration of the mind of a serial killer, but it's nothing more than a gory, bloodsoaked snuff film, reveling in its own shock value as women are stabbed, strangled, raped and mutilated. 
terrible The director Nick Palumbo is determined to shock through a fictional German-born serial killer, who makes his mission clear with every thrust of knife blade and pelvis. 
good An interesting effort to make the ultimate horror movie by imitating modern classics of the genre in a systematic way. 
terrible A rather sickening marathon strung together by the flimsiest of subplots and populated exclusively by blood-soaked strippers. 
fair A vanity project, sure. But Hart is one painfully funny little dude. 
bad Hart is the comic equivalent of a journeyman musician with a lot of clever licks and one good trick. Once you've seen it, you have little appetite for more. 
bad Compact comic Kevin Hart completed a wildly successful 90-city tour this year and he's got the movie to prove it. 
very_bad The problem with paying big-screen prices for a stand-up special is that you really have to like the comic to feel you're getting your money's worth. 
good Thankfully, Kevin Hart's Laugh at My Pain lives up to only half of its title: it is certainly all about the laughs. 
fair A couple of adornments - one before the concert footage, one after - flesh out this funny, profanity-heavy movie nicely. 
bad Brace yourself to laugh as much at the irreverent funnyman's profane language as at his pain! 
bad Really quite fun. Up to a point. 
bad The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand. 
fair The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp... 
good A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget. 
fair A very slow start threatens to derail The Green Inferno, but once the terror begins, it never lets up and Roth once again proves why he's a master of horror. 
fair if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you. 
good Directors Daniele Anastasion and Eric Strauss pose complex questions that defy simple resolution. 
good So many reasons to see the darkly hopeful Canadian film Falling Angels -- a terrific unknown cast showcased in subtle close-ups, and a quirky literary script largely free of cliche. 
fair It's the attention to small details that makes the characters so believable, especially in the way Smith delivers their sentiments: in quiet, personal moments. 
terrible What offends most is the patina of smugness that seeps through every frame. 
terrible There's little intelligence or realism evident on screen. 
good ...surprisingly moving and emotional. 
bad Falling Angels may be rough at times but it has so much going for it, from content to performance, that it demands to be seen, appreciated and talked about. 
terrible By the time the plot (if you can call it that) went off the deep end ... I had already stopped caring. 
very_bad Pandora's Promise gives up enough information to tease the curiosity of doubting individuals but unfortunately as a piece of subversive, cogent filmmaking - it's a box of empty promises. 
fair It's a shame so few people see documentaries, and that so few politicians pay them any attention, because this film has the power to change the way we think about nuclear energy. 
good Robert Stone's fascinating documentary makes a convincing case for a nuclear future. 
bad Thoroughly engaging thanks to its strong editing and startling facts, but the film feels a little conceited thanks to its one-sided argument. 
very_bad Like so many campaigning docs this is much more interested in throwing darts at the other guys than giving us a balanced film. 
bad The director paints a partisan picture, but offers an eloquent and effective challenge to orthodox eco-wisdom. 
bad This documentary, from Robert Stone, sets out to think the unthinkable and ask the unaskable: should we learn to stop worrying and love nuclear energy? 
fair An A-grade exercise in myth-busting...Consciously counter-intuitive, Pandora's Promise is a challenging, sober film that provides much food for thought as it dares to de-demonise nuclear power. 
bad The film's blatantly one-sided presentation undercuts the pro-nuclear argument more than any counterargument. 
bad The film's tone is boosterish, and the cursory treatment of the cost of a nuclear-based energy overhaul, or the viability of renewable energy, tends to arouse skepticism rather than allay it. 
bad There's not much in the way of balance in this often bone-dry documentary about the bum rap nuclear power has gotten thanks to misinformed, if well-meaning, environmentalists and energy experts. 
bad Pandora's Promise is a fascinating documentary about nuclear power that argues it is the true green energy. It would be hard to imagine a film more controversial than this one. 
bad Sure, it's a little one-sided, but so are most environmental films...Whether Stone sways you or not, you can afford to give 90 minutes toward setting the balance right. 
fair The result is a thoughtful documentary whose facts and figures have been compromised by Stone's one-sided approach. 
fair In the end, its somewhat equivocal message - that nuclear power might just be the lesser of several evils - is more convincing than you'd think. 
very_bad Unfortunately, too many people confuse convincingly expressed belief with actual evidence about the true state of the world, and that's what Stone is banking on. 
good Like many advocacy documentaries, it offers a one-sided argument. This time, however, it's advanced by people who spent much of their lives on the opposite side. 
fair Its marshaling of the facts is one-sided, leaving many questions, and considerable scientific evidence, unexplored. 
bad The lack of opposing voices diminishes the film, even as Stone raises issues that shouldn't be discounted out of hand. 
fair Robert Stone's documentary contends that the only feasible answer is nuclear power. 
good It's a thought-provoker. 
bad Without telling us about the producers or introducing us to more sources, it can't contribute enough to an honest debate. 
fair A one-sided argument to a debate worth revisiting. 
best Rethinking Nuclear Energy 
very_bad You need to make an argument. A parade of like-minded nuclear-power advocates who assure us that everything will be all right just doesn't cut it. 
very_bad In its attempts to debunk the feasibility of massive energy reduction, Pandora's Promise at least brings some measure of rhetorical skill to its arguments. 
very_bad Granted, any reconsideration of the slasher film deserves acknowledgment, but Bloodline remains too contrived and addled to transcend its genre. 
bad Bloodline certainly works in an "indie calling card" fashion, and it should prove just entertaining enough to grab the attention of the hardcore horror fans. 
very_bad Never once does the film feel sharp on black identity (as did Bill Gunn's original), and the terror is theoretical only. 
very_bad Thought-provoking but slow "vampire" movie from Spike Lee. 
bad The film's execution doesn't serve its subject matter, making it feel more like an affected thesis than an effective work of art. 
terrible A curio that will likely only appeal to Spike Lee's most devoted fans - or those that contributed to the Kickstarter campaign that financed it. 
terrible It's clear Lee has some inexplicable love for the source material but he doesn't give us any reason to feel the same way. 
good The film is a hypnotically nightmarish mood piece more than anything else; it makes sense and yet doesn't make sense, in the way that dreams do and don't make sense. 
fair Unrepentant, uneven and unique, "Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" proves that Lee can still make a film worthy of the arguments it will most certainly start. 
very_bad ...less eerily disorienting than disjointed. 
very_bad A strange brew that mixes an addiction for blood and the cross of Jesus in a wandering story that turns sour 
bad Lee's remake offers an irritating pace, contains no likable characters, and its scorchy, sexually explicit scenes lack the teasing titillation associated with the exploitation cinema [of the 1970s]. 
bad This isn't just a tribute to Gunn but a commentary on independent filmmaking today, though watching it without knowing its source material might feel like listening to one end of a conversation. 
bad With no one breathing down Lee's neck, it's free to zoom all over the place - from seriousness to high comedy to weird comedy to quietly anxious set pieces. 
fair If you're going to do a remake of a movie you've got to ask yourself one question: Why? And hard as you look at the screen here, it's difficult to see Lee's answer. 
good "Sweet Blood" is idiosyncratic and sultry, simultaneously nodding to film conventions and striding boldly down its own path. 
fair An interesting study in mashing up race and class stereotypes, though the film's rambling plot may leave your brain feeling a little mashed, too. 
bad Spike Lee's low budget Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a film about redemption that also needs its sins to be forgiven, despite some fascinating parallels. 
very_bad Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus is the best kind of failure, impassioned and singular, but it's a failure all the same. 
terrible What would Jesus do, Spike? Repent! 
very_good A dizzying hall-of-mirrors stunt, a horror remake as autobiographical X-ray, and a work of fantasy that serves as a decadently cleansing creative exorcism. 
very_bad Given free rein by his fans' money, Lee has made a movie that's both uncompromising and often inexplicable. 
very_good Hamer brings his visual wit to lives of Norwegian precision 
good The film may sound slight, but its charm is immeasurable. 
very_good ...a special little film that's well worth seeking out. 
best Essential viewing. 
best The film establishes a kinetic documentary effect, making the impact of every shoot-out and explosion a deeply personal experience. 
very_good Partially because of its documentary style, used so effectively by director Gillo Pontecorvo, it never gets heavy-handed -- exploring the idea of violence as a necessary evil for freedom. 
best One of the essential works of world cinema. 
best A riveting reconstruction of the struggle for independence in mid-50s Algiers, its pseudo-documentary style still feels as headline-fresh as its content. 
best Gillo Pontecorvo's epic of revolutionary fervour has dimmed not an iota since it was first released in 1966. 
best Forty years on, the film's lost not a fraction of its power. 
best Whatever they made of The Battle of Algiers at the Pentagon, this is a must-see for everyone else now. 
best Brilliantly directed set-pieces and remarkable thronging crowd scenes make the film a masterpiece; the ominous familiarity of its subject makes it a must-see. 
best The most important piece of political filmmaking since Battleship Potemkin. 
best what really resonates on watching Algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war 
good While it's clear that the movie is very much a stacked deck, which invariably takes the Algerian side, the bias doesn't lessen the film's lesson. 
best What lessons a modern viewer can gain from the film depends on who is watching and what they want to see. 
bad This film has received a lot of praise from critics, but not that many people will find this that entertaining. 
best What makes this Charlotte Film Society entry remarkable is that the Italian director sympathizes with both sides. 
best The film's explosive power transcends the headlines. 
very_good The painful, desperate film, a re-enactment of Algerian revolutionaries' efforts to break free from French rule, is a practical textbook on how not to run an occupation. 
best An extraordinary movie that ruffled many feathers when it first came out. Almost 40 years later, it retains the poignancy it delivered back then. 
fair A fascinating movie in its own right, more relevant because of today's world situation. 
best A chilling cinematic history lesson. 
very_good The film's ruminations about the meaning of terrorism and efforts to deal with it really resonate in the post-9/11 world. That makes this already-tense film all the more chilling and all the more memorable. 
very_good As something similar happens to our soldiers in Iraq, it's a piece of blood-chilling horror every time we see this story from today's news repeated in a 38-year-old movie. 
very_good It remains a surprisingly instructive and cautionary lesson in the way that populist movements can burn parent states down to their grass roots. 
very_good The Battle of Algiers still resonates today, and probably always will 
best Pontecorvo essentially established the cinematic language that we recognize in recent dramas based on actual events, from Bloody Sunday to Black Hawk Down. 
very_good Still powerful and upsetting because of its unpolished immediacy ... and because the movie declines to judge the terrorists' actions. 
best Gripping and technically dazzling documentary-style drama. 
best Perhaps the finest political film of the 1960s. 
best Magnificent moviemaking. 
best It remains one of the greatest depictions of the mutually dehumanizing nature of war ever made. 
best The chafing, mutually uncomprehending collision of Western occupiers and Muslim occupied has never been captured with such dispassionate, thrilling clarity. 
best Few movies have done such an eloquent, evenhanded job of defining the conflict between colonialists and natives determined to free themselves from foreign rule. 
good The director's real achievement is not in making a piece of agitprop but in using these fundamental tools of cinema in such an extraordinarily affecting way. 
best A startling and still-potent view of the double standard of war. 
good This lesson in modern warfare is not only instructive to the Pentagon's military but is of considerable value to any generation's fascination with law, order, anarchic behavior and classic story-telling technique. 
good a lesson in modern warfare 
best The 'smell of truth' that Pontecorvo said he was after in this film has never left it, and likely never will. 
best Like all masterpieces, it speaks to later ages as powerfully and intelligently as to its own. 
best A timelessly powerful film. 
best Vital and disquieting, this is a powerful depiction of the pity of war. As shocking today as it was on the day of its release. 
best It looks beyond any question to be an original documentary film, put together from newsreel footage, complemented by staged dramatic scenes. 
very_bad It may be an "all-black" Western, but Brothers in Arms would have been pretty darn laughable with actors of any race, creed, or color. 
good Alexander, a political writer and radio host, gets riveting, emotional confessionals from the veterans. 
good The documentary is well edited, well paced, and feels genuine. It's educational, important and enjoyable independent of the Kerry campaign. 
bad Basically a longer, less slick version of the official Kerry profile unveiled at the Democratic National Convention. 
bad Tellingly, [John] Kerry is a much more compelling speaker during a 1970s protest rally than in the contemporary footage, where he carefully chooses his words. 
fair The four men offer powerful eyewitness testimony against the subsequent charges that Kerry didn't deserve his Silver Star for courage and his three Purple Hearts. 
good Filmed before the Swift boat veterans brouhaha, Paul Alexander's partisan documentary is effective filmmaking. 
best The movie's main contribution is its fresh look at the Vietnam War, being refought in the Kerry-Bush presidential campaign at the time of the film's release. 
very_bad If the story had stuck to its guns as a political thriller, it would have been fantastic. However, the sideline story of a codependent lover made things screech to a halt. 
very_good Makes you wish the makers - and especially the funders - of today's overblown big budget thrillers could be made to learn from some of the finer thrillers of the 1970s. 
fair for complete nonsense, it's really quite entertaining 
very_good Pollack excels by establishing an interesting situation, sustaining it, and--in keeping with the paranoid-thriller genre--resolving it on a pleasingly ambiguous note. [Blu-ray] 
fair The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns. 
good ...an efficient exercise in Watergate-era paranoia. 
very_good This taut espionage thriller gained greater plausibility during its shooting when a sudden raft of sensational post-Watergate news items began coming out of Washington regarding illegal wiretaps, surveillance, and killings motivated by [politics]. 
bad Stylish and absorbing espionage thriller 
good Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable. 
very_good Three Days of the Condor is a well-made thriller, tense and involving, and the scary thing, in these months after Watergate, is that it's all too believable. 
good Excellent paranoid thriller with an unforgettable opening 
good At its best moments, Three Days of the Condor creates without effort or editorializing that sense of isolation -- that far remove from reality -- within which super-government agencies can operate with such heedless immunity. 
best Redford, Dunaway, Von Sydow, Cliff Robertson and John Houseman turn in superb work, and the film is as pure a thriller as one could hope for, with a gripping premise, hurtling plot and a marvelous air of menace. 
good First-rate spy flick made by and with experts 
bad Fine espionage thriller that features great performances by Redford and Dunaway. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close. 
fair fascinating cultural artifact in its reflection of post-Nixonian government paranoia, but it doesn't make the most of its potential 
bad Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller. 
bad anatomises a moment in time when smalltown idiocy suffers the most surreally awful repercussions of cause and effect. 
good Enjoyable, smartly directed comedy thriller with a clever script and engaging performances from its ensemble cast. 
bad Fast and fairly engaging ... but in the end it feels a bit pointless. 
bad can be viewed more like an exercise in style than film in its own right 
good a classic a shaggy dog story [that keeps] things moving with an effervescent sleight of hand. 
good An inventive, black comedy. 
good ...gimmicky but ultimately enjoyable... 
good Appealingly silly romp for kids and adults. 
good A modern-day comedy in the grand tradition of the best screwball comedies of the late 1930s and early 40s. 
bad Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy. 
fair A delightful annoying-person comedy made even more amusing by the fact that Murray and Dreyfuss couldn't stand one another in real life. 
bad Dreyfuss e Murray estabelecem uma boa dinamica nesta comedia irregular, mas agradavel. 
good Quirky, wild comedy doings with Bill Murray over the top. 
good Boomers being really charming and funny. 
bad Pleasant comedy with droll Murray 
good Except for the last half hour, one of the best comedies of the 90's. 
bad Somehow, Mr. Dreyfuss maintains his sound comic timing even when Frank Oz's antic direction calls for hand-waving hysteria. 
very_bad Annoying movie that wastes a talented cast. 
good Billy Murray gives an inspired performance. This is a comedy that often makes you simultaneously laugh and wince. 
good One of the most snicker-worthy movies ever made. Great, great fun for the demented. 
terrible If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance. 
bad This is an amiable comedy if there ever was one. That's no criticism: if all innocuous comedies were as satisfying as What About Bob? you wouldn't always feels the need for some subversive humor. 
good There's no question that the engaging performances of Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss manage to breathe a great deal of life into the proceedings, and before it starts to run out of steam toward the end, the film provides an awful lot of laughs. 
good a big heap of fun 
fair Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people. [Blu-ray] 
good A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars. 
bad Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language. 
fair The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts. 
very_bad By the book buddy-buddy movie. This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films. 
fair ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads... 
very_bad How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie. 
bad Chris Tucker is the man. 
very_bad A disappointment. 
fair By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not provide anything inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo. 
bad Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not so heavily based on other successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse. 
good A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless. 
good Terrific entertainment. 
good Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning. 
good A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend. 
bad Chan is as sweet and charming as ever. Tucker makes an excellent foil. And things blow up. 
fair Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago. Let's hope not. 
good Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars. 
good Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film. Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men. 
bad As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation. 
very_bad The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that many people stayed in the theater long enough to laugh. 
bad Chan is great; Tucker is grating. 
fair Chan is amazing to watch. 
bad ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs. 
bad Doesn't feature nearly enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue. 
very_bad While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his myriad talents. 
bad If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product. 
very_bad It's all pretty bland. 
fair The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant. 
good [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties. Let's hope so. 
good Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas. 
good Rush out and catch Rush Hour. 
good You won't be disappointed. 
fair Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable! 
good Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker make an entertaining team! 
fair A kick-happy buddy film! 
fair This is a very open-faced and easy to watch film, which would make it fun whilst glancing up at the tube now and again in the middle of doing something else. 
good What's surprising is that though this should be crap, and perhaps it is, it doesn't come off that way. The reason is because of Chan and Tucker. 
fair While it is cartoonish, it also is fun, and that is due mostly to Chan. 
fair Surprisingly enough, the trailer's funny--and the movie's even funnier. 
fair Rush Hour is a lot of fun! 
fair Funny movie chopped full of action, lacks an original concept and plot line, but comes through with hilarious banter from Tucker and fun fight scenes with Chan. 
good If one of the cinema's most unique talents has decided to make another go of it in Hollywood, Rush Hour isn't a bad start. 
bad One to warm your cockles. 
very_bad I Am Big Bird, is a must if you want to listen to 90 minutes of bland platitudes about the "genius" of a man who dresses as a giant yellow bird for a living. 
bad A charming insight into the life and art of Caroll Spinney, the puppeteer who has played Big Bird on Sesame Street since it was launched in 1969. 
bad In an era when so many celebrities from our childhoods have turned out to have feet of clay or worse, it's tremendously reassuring to find out that Spinney is just the sort of kind-hearted sweetheart you'd expect ... 
very_bad This is a story that belongs on the small screen. It simply isn't interesting enough to hold the attention for 90 minutes. 
bad This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire. 
very_bad The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama. 
bad An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street. 
best It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience. 
terrible That even the kids in the audience didn't really laugh at all the hyperactive mugging and slapsticky animal nonsense pretty much tells you what an excruciating 91-minute endurance test this is. 
terrible Here is a film that doesn't just scrape the bottom of the barrel, it demands that you lick it. 
very_bad Almost as much of a relief as making it through to the end is realising earlier on that none of the creatures will be talking for the duration of the picture. This reduces the annoyance factor considerably for anyone over the age of nine. 
terrible Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker. 
terrible Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker. 
terrible Fraser merece creditos pelo esforco e por nao temer o ridiculo. Por outro lado, isto nao e desculpa para a atrocidade representada por este filme racista, mal dirigido e sem a menor graca. 
terrible People often ask reviewers to choose the worst film of the year so far. At last I have a cast-iron candidate. 
terrible Furry a bit mangy. 
terrible A feeble family comedy that really tests your patience. 
terrible Even by the low standards of live action funny animal movies, Furry Vengeance is a pretty bad film, the sort of low gag rate family flick that aims for generic suitable-for-all fun and satisfies no-one in the process. 
terrible There is an environmental message delivered along with the goofy mayhem involved in catching the fuzzy culprits. But fair warning: once inside the theater, the audience is trapped. 
terrible Shields is not a natural comic performer, to say the least. Her face has the comic mobility and expressiveness of an Easter Island statue. 
terrible The best thing you can say about Furry Vengeance is that it's kid friendly -- provided, that is, the kids are under five and a touch slow. 
bad Sophisticated it isn't, but there are some decent visual gags and Fraser is good fun as the man at war with nature. 
very_bad Fraser's lantern-jawed mugging becomes irritating all too soon, although younger viewers may get a kick out of the ingenious antics of skunks, raccoons and grizzly bears as they get the better of numbskull humans. 
terrible Not a good time. Seriously, really not a good time. 
bad Goofball fun that will have kids -- big and small -- rolling in the aisles 
bad Not a film where viewers will learn an awful lot, this is aimed fair and square at entertaining children and perhaps their parents' inner children. In this aim, it succeeds. 
very_bad Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff? It should play well enough with the under tens, mind. 
terrible If you only take your children to see movies like Up ... they'll think every film is going to be fantastic. That's not very good training for the disappointments of life, so Furry Vengeance does have one purpose. 
very_bad Overall, it's all a bit rubbish, but if you like Brendan Fraser's big rubbery face then there's chuckles to be had. 
terrible When you throw furry animals, silly slapstick and rubber-faced big-name stars at the screen, and you can still hear more children crying than laughing in the audience, you can't help but feel that they've missed the point somewhat. 
terrible an experience in collective embarrassment %u2014 embarrassment for yourself, your fellow audience and the actors onscreen forced to take part in the movie's wildly inept, bottom-of-the-barrel shenanigans. 
terrible Mind-rottingly reprehensible and vile -- not to mention stupefyingly unfunny and embarrassing. 
very_bad Disappointing comedy that's let down by a lazy script, some truly dreadful CGI effects and a lack of decent laughs, though undemanding young children will probably enjoy it. 
terrible It's Mother Nature against the Pillsbury Dough Boy! 
terrible The movie is both slack and dumb -- a trying combo -- and it's heavily burdened with a big green message. 
very_bad Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters. 
very_bad Kids will probably enjoy the scenes with the animals getting the best of the humans, and they will all absorb the message that nature needs to be protected, All the bad acting and boring moments in the script will be overlooked. 
terrible There is nothing remotely entertaining, endearing or enjoyable about 'Furry Vengeance,' a ghastly movie that has to be one of the year's worst. 
terrible So few films are totally aimed at kids, and tearing this one to shreds is not pleasurable. 
terrible It is not, repeat NOT, for anyone whose age is approaching double-digits 
terrible The end credits cast sing-along to a cover of 'Insane in the Brain' completes the litany of idiotic filmmaking choices that made the whole thing so unwatchable to begin with. 
terrible Witless and wince-inducing -- a slapstick misfire of epic proportions, even by downwardly adjusted expectations of movies in which anthropomorphized animals do battle with humans. 
very_bad Brendan Fraser: Human being or cartoon character? 
terrible Furry Vengeance is billed as a comedy, but I doubt it'll make you laugh. It might, however, cause you to weep for Brendan Fraser. 
terrible The paradox here is that the message of respect for animal life is outweighed by the lack of respect for human beings. 
terrible Furry Vengeance is unbearable. (Actually, the bear's performance is pretty good.) 
terrible Furry Vengeance would be innocuous enough if only it didn't look as though no effort was made to expand the images past the storyboard phase. 
terrible Simply dire. 
terrible ... unfunny trash ... 
terrible Timber! This eco-themed family film falls flat. 
terrible Furry Vengeance is one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
terrible Even the obligatory blooper reel that runs during the closing credits is painful in its desperation to generate laughs. 
terrible Imagine Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds as a children's comedy, and you have a rough idea of the excruciatingly unfunny Furry Vengeance, which keeps slamming the audience over the head with a single joke. 
bad Kids will lose their minds at the sight of Fraser in a skin-tight pink tracksuit with the words "Yum Yum" on his sizeable backside. Parents will sigh and eat popcorn. 
very_bad Even calling it a family flick is to run the risk of guiding families toward it by mistake. 
good The plot of Furry Vengeance is identical to that of the animated Over the Hedge, but what Furry lacks in originality it makes up for in cleverness. 
very_bad How embedded has Earth Day become in our culture? It now gets its own inane Hollywood movie to mark the occasion. 
fair Not since Antichrist has a man suffered so greatly at the tiny, grabby hands of God's creatures. Nature is not our friend, kids, and it's not to be disrespected or underestimated. 
very_bad The whole movie feels extrapolated from the five-second clip of a scheming chipmunk on YouTube, bulked out with shots of Fraser being thwacked with some generic crunch noise and falling backwards with his feet in the air. 
terrible Brought to you by Participant Media, makers of Food, Inc. and The Cove. Next time, guys, give a hoot and don't pollute the multiplex. Save the children. [Blu-ray] 
terrible ...it seems the animals have already taken their revenge on any humans unfortunate enough to see this film. 
terrible So obnoxious, so inept, so vile, so distasteful, and so unfunny it should successfully act as repellent for all viewers outside of humanoid sewer dwellers who have never seen a movie before and may be attracted to the sight of moving images. 
bad It's silly stuff, riddled with the predictable bodily function humor and humiliation of adults that kids seem to love. 
terrible Fraser has never been more "doofus-y" than in this moronic humiliation comedy, which actually gets dumber as it goes. 
terrible In its cretinous fashion, Furry Vengeance is almost impressive. Here's a pro-nature, anti-development family comedy that appears to be made by and for people who never leave the mall. 
terrible dumb as dirt 
very_bad Even before Brendan Fraser is blasted in the puss with skunk spray, 'Furry Vengeance' stinks 
terrible Previously known as 'Horribly Embarrassing Brendan Fraser Project.' 
terrible A stupid, mean-spirited little movie that ranks down there with the worst in recent memory. Distant memory, too. 
terrible Snicker all you want at the unfortunate title of director Roger Kumble's horrible family film, for that's the only thing funny about it. 
very_bad Director Roger Kumble began his big-screen career with a clever Dangerous Liaisons set in high school, Cruel Intentions, and worked his way down to College Road Trip and now this. 
very_bad ...a time-capsule curiosity that's long-since lost whatever relevance it once had. 
terrible A leaden, but not especially wretched example of early-'90s body horror...As the third Hellraiser, though, Hell on Earth is beyond worthless. 
terrible In Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth, Pinhead is definitely the star of the show, but by now the novelty of his evil look and graceful wickedness are wearing a mite thin. 
terrible Try to defend it. I dare you. 
bad Arguably the weakest of the trilogy, but still packing just enough brains and red meat to keep the Pinfans sated. 
very_bad Pinhead, indeed. 
terrible "Who do I have to screw to get out of this movie?" Anna Nicole yells at one key point, and we know exactly how she feels. 
terrible It offers a central conceit that makes no sense and a mystery that makes even less. 
terrible I've heard about cutting corners in the makeup-FX department, but isn't holding back on fangs a bit much? 
very_bad A rare horror film in which the heroes are better drawn than the monsters, this trips up because Schaech doesn't cut it as a master fiend and the car chases distract from the dread. 
very_bad It's not a scary movie, it's a vampire movie. And in reality, it's kind of a bad vampire movie. 
bad This one got a little redundant about halfway through. 
terrible As a horror film, it's not scary nor suspenseful; and as an action picture, it's not terribly exciting, if at all. 
terrible The only true forsaken are the disillusioned patrons seeking a good vampire movie. 
bad An unoriginal, but occasionally pungent little horror flick. 
terrible Cinematic junk food. 
bad Se puede ver solamente si se es fanatico del genero o si se asiste al cine con ganas de dejar las neuronas en la entrada por un par de horas. 
bad The Forsaken is positively anaemic. 
terrible Vampire movies are almost by definition cheesy, but "The Forsaken" is a lot cheesier than most. 
terrible The time may finally be ripe to leave the bloodsuckers to their coffins and move on to less familiar terrors. 
very_bad Not enough to convince the target audience of easy-to-please teenybopper mallrats that this isn't a tired piece of work. 
terrible God has forsaken us all by allowing this movie to be made. 
terrible A wearying desert-bound mess of exposed flesh, horrendous editing, retrograde effects and a grade-Z story. 
terrible Watching it isn't so much disgusting as it is just a colossal waste of time. 
very_bad Cardone's style with the unpleasant material is as ruthlessly cut-and-slash as that of his blood-sucking villains. 
very_bad An annoying one-two-three punch of crappy acting, shoddy scriptwriting, and poor direction. 
bad Worth it for the surreal suspense it belts out. 
bad It trots out its full arsenal of shock tactics far too early in the game and squanders the suspense it has accumulated. 
bad Doesn't infuse the vampire genre with new life, instead leaving it as listless as a dot-com stock. 
very_bad Puked-up blood, inexplicable explosions and naked breasts are pretty much all The Forsaken has to offer. 
bad Unoriginal but not terrible. 
very_bad Reeks like the day old apple you left lying in you back seat after a long hot miserable driving day. 
terrible 0.5 
good For a portrait of cinematic obsession and unbridled megalomania... one would be hard pressed to find a more satisfying piece of work than Hearts of Darkness 
very_good It does a good job of painting an honest portrait of out-of-control egos and the excess of Hollywood in the '70s, while also being informative and entertaining. 
best We come away from the documentary with a profound admiration for Coppola, if only because he didn't kill himself or someone else. 
best A phenomenal documentary about one of the most notorious film shoots of all time. 
best One of the best documentaries ever made, more fascinating an exploration of obsession than the film it's about. 
good There have been few sharper portraits of the film maker as alchemist than Hearts of Darkness: A Film Maker's Apocalypse. 
good Hearts of Darkness gives a privileged glimpse of the artist's hell, but it also says something about grace. 
very_good The making of a film has never been documented with more penetration and truth than in Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse. 
bad A definite improvement over the fourth and fifth installments... 
terrible The murderous Jason is back in the latest chapter of the most offensive series in film history, unless Burt Reynolds makes three more Smokey and the Bandit pictures real quick. 
bad Although the first four sequels had their own brand of tongue-in-cheek horror, Part VI marked the first step into overt campiness of the series. 
fair While there's a superficial been-there-done-that, why don't-we-just-mock-the-whole-thing quality to this entry in the series, it certainly livens up what has become by this point a stale franchise. 
very_bad Does Jason ever die? On with the franchsie. 
good Jason pretty much kicks ass 
terrible It's kind of a nice film, and nice exploitation films are nobody's idea of a good time. 
fair Gives us a couple of good, self-referential laughs ... the film is probably the most enjoyable of the series, but it isn't the best. 
terrible Of note: Electricity will figure prominently in just about every Friday the 13th entry from this point onward. 
good The best Jason until Jason X. Has a sense of humor and a good story. 
bad Possibly the best Jason movie, which admittedly isn't saying a whole lot. Great Alice Cooper theme tune. 
fair Is it a great horror picture? Oh, no, though within the confines of an artistically dubious series, it's like a work of minor genius. 
terrible Please put Jason out his misery! 
bad The only good Friday. Fast paced, funny and nicely atmospheric. Neat ending. 
good above all funny, a largely enjoyable near-spoof of slasher films in general and the Friday the 13th series in particular. 
bad A sly sense of humor helps alleviate the tedium of the 6th go-round. 
good Blood sprays, limbs fall, bodies are chopped in half -- business as usual in this moderately diverting feudal Japanese revenge story, enlivened by peculiar plot twists and offbeat cinematic flourishes that greatly influenced Quentin Tarantino. 
good Mandatory viewing for all KILL BILL fans. Meiko Kaji is a heartstopping beauty with big, expressive eyes that are suitably haunted-looking for the character she portrays. 
bad Familiar, soapy script. 
good Wise, beautifully acted and well-observed. 
terrible Idiota a ponto de levar o espectador a desejar sofrimento eterno a todos os envolvidos no projeto. 
bad Wet-your-pants-funny, better than "Scary Movie 2" 
terrible Imagine the lamest joke you've ever heard and then stretch it out to around an hour and fifteen minutes... 
terrible If anything positive can be gained from Devil's Knot, it's that hopefully it will lead new viewers to the magnificent experiences that await them by watching the superior Paradise Lost trilogy and the conclusive West of Memphis 
bad It doesn't quite gel as either a proper whodunnit, an insight into a killer's mind, a debate about lyrics in heavy metal music or a gripping legal case. 
fair In its way, this is the most terrifying horror movie I've seen in a long time; the woods where the kids die are like something out of Evil Dead. I was left angry and wrung out. 
very_bad This blandly made dramastisation by Atom Egoyan is an extremely average courtroom piece that, despite strong work by Reece Witherspoon and Colin Firth, feels like a 1970s telemovie. 
very_bad It compares most unfavourably with the recent Prisoners, which told an entirely fictional story about missing children with far more intrigue, suspense and cinematic skill than Egoyan's muted effort. 
bad It is really down to Egoyan's cast to find a way to connect with the viewer on a personal level. Thankfully, one and all are more than up to the task. 
very_bad It's a pity to see [director Atom] Egoyan fumbling around here, unable to create anything great with the material - be it mood, drama or social critique. It's far from his best work. 
bad I actually did think there were some powerful scenes early on in the film and I do think Reese Witherspoon and Colin Firth are really fine in it. 
bad With a rather stilted and unfocused aesthetic, this tale of bias and bungling covers the same sad ground that documentary WEST OF MEMPHIS did so very well. Reese Witherspoon works hard but she and Colin Firth are wasted. 
bad In literary adaptations such as Felicia's Journey and The Sweet Hereafter, Egoyan has shown that he can depict darkness and explore loss. But here, he feels mired in stereotypes, or dependent on images that documentaries have already created. 
very_bad Egoyan listlessly retraces the trial's tragic course but uncovers nothing new about human nature in the belaboured process. 
very_bad Haunting artistry aside, it's hard to see what Egoyan brings to the table that hasn't already been covered in print (Mara Leveritt's book provides source material), on screen and elsewhere in the media. 
very_bad Dramatisation or reconstruction? Devil's Knot fails on both fronts given its inadequate and dissonant treatment of real events... 
very_bad It is a strangely unsatisfactory affair that doesn't quite work either as a documentary-style reconstruction, a brooding thriller or a courtroom drama. 
very_bad Approaches the tragedy suffered by six families and turns it into a vanilla drama that, if weren't for the big-name cast, would look more at home as a Channel 5 matinee. 
very_bad Why has Egoyan made this unsatisfactory, ultimately dismaying film, when this awful story has been so thoroughly treated already elsewhere? 
bad Devil's Knot feels incomplete, the script ending long before the subsequent appeals and revelations that continued to grab headlines. 
very_bad Maybe it needed a director like David Fincher to capture the deep, dark dread of what happened but in the hands of Atom Egoyan it barely scratches the surface and feels in bad taste. 
very_bad [Takes] the perfunctory shape of an afternoon TV movie. 
bad Where some directors might have let the religious overtones induce feverish lapses into Southern Gothic, Egoyan wisely plays it as a straight procedural-cum-courtroom drama. 
very_bad The whole thing is ill-scripted, ill-directed and, worst of all, superfluous. 
bad It's absorbing, sometimes upsetting, but finally self-thwarting. 
very_bad Takes a long time to tell us nothing we didn't know ... A missed opportunity. 
bad Egoyan fails to offer much fresh insight in this well-intentioned but oddly uninvolving film. 
bad Lacks tension, focus and -- most damaging -- seems entirely unnecessary and redundant in the wake of the four documentary features that not only exhaustively examined the case but altered the lives of everyone involved in it. 
bad doesn't have enough of a unique take on the overly familiar material to elevate it from the documentaries that covered the story so much better 
bad A serviceable, straightforward work that embraces posed and expeditious dramatic signifiers rather than plunging more daringly into the mouth of madness. 
bad You'll have little patience with this fact-based indie, especially if you're a fan of HBO's 'True Detective' series, which also deals with ritualistic slayings. The difference? A little something called edge. 
terrible Comes across as a cinematic, slightly dramatized Cliffs Notes edition a story that's been told often. 
very_bad The rest is pure director-for-hire bland, even if the material would seem to cry out for [Atom Egoyan's] signature brand. 
very_bad Misguided, melodramatic and ultimately pointless, Devil's Knot pales in comparison to the fine documentaries that have already scrutinized the West Memphis Three case. 
very_bad There are four definitive movies about the West Memphis Three. The Devil's Knot is not one of them. 
very_bad A feature film treatment at this point seems opportunistic at best. 
very_bad Stale, flat, and completely underwhelming. 
bad Straightforward and emotionally flat, not the treatment this tragic and outrageous story deserves 
fair There are too many major characters and too many points of emphasis. As elegantly directed as it sometimes is, it feels disjointed, scattered. 
bad A rather dull docudrama that doesn't have a strong reason to exist, outside of perhaps a financial one. 
bad An exhaustively researched - and, quite frankly, very exhausting - adaptation of journalist Mara Leveritt's book. 
very_bad The finished product plays as if it was thrown together by people whose research consisted of skimming over the West Memphis Three's Wikipedia entry. 
bad Well made but redundant. 
fair A nimble filmmaker, Egoyan wisely underplays the exploitative aspects of the story and never loses sight of the tragic deaths. 
very_bad It's as preachy as "The Crucible," with the score permanently set on "mournful." 
terrible A wan gloss on a horrific nightmare. 
very_bad There just doesn't seem to be much of a reason for this film to exist. It literally says nothing new and what it does say is poorly executed. 
terrible Coming soon to Lifetime. 
good A worthy, if more general, recounting of the West Memphis Three case. Excellent performances from Colin Firth and Reese Witherspoon. 
good Mr. Egoyan's fascination and research don't really shed any new light on the case. Don't let that deter you. 
terrible It's unclear what the director, Atom Egoyan, intended to do here. The film has no personality or authorship. There is no arc or drama, only scenes lined up one after another. 
bad With Devil's Knot, Egoyan doesn't make this material his own, so much as he halfheartedly restages what a few good documentarians have already shot. Anyone could've made this movie. Too many already have. 
very_bad Atom Egoyan is a much better director when he drops the art-film fanciness and wrestles directly with his inner voyeuristic weirdo. 
fair While Devil's Knot is restrained and respectful, it also feels earnest and cautious, and too much like a movie of the week to capture the sprawling complexity of the real events. 
very_bad If you don't know anything about the case, Devil's Knot is too shallow to do it much justice; if you do know about the case, Devil's Knot is too aimless to offer any new perspective. 
bad Atom Egoyan's cool gaze fails to fully serve the boiling narrative of Devil's Knot, a story that seems destined to forever elude a satisfactory resolution. 
fair ...one can't help but walk into the film knowing most of the major details of this now-notorious case... 
terrible Manages to turn a thoroughly gripping true story into an absolutely pedestrian, very dull film. 
terrible It reduces a complex and extraordinary case to soap. It makes you care less, for all its heavy-breathing and cheapo coaxing. 
bad What value is there in telling this story now, and in this way?" 
bad Bud and Lou meet another monster for infrequent laughs. 
bad Passable Abbott and Costello entry with plus of Karloff. 
bad Jim Henson's film noir spoof is full of doggy gags and guns. 
good You pretty much have to like Will Ferrell to like Talladega Nights, it's his film through and through. But if you do, you're in for a ride. 
good Talladega starts out slow, picks up speed in the middle, and nearly crashes and burns in the end. 
bad The script by Ferrell and director Adam McKay, a parody of sports biopics, takes the same freewheeling approach that served them well on Anchorman, but with a more mean-spirited edge. 
good Showcases Will Ferrell's comedy genius to perfection. 
bad i concur with everything bobby has to say about highlander 
very_good Will Ferrell and director/writing collaborator Adam McKay have carved out a comfortable comic niche in taking confidently clueless oafs and pulling the rug out from under the core of resolutely prototypical alpha male existence. 
bad Check your brain at the box-office to enjoy this brand of politically-incorrect hilarity poking fun mostly at gays, women and the French, all aimed at a redneck crowd with an average I.Q. of about 75. 
good In Talladega, Mr. Ferrell finds his best role to date. 
terrible Riddled with blatant product placement. Blades of Glory is better. Ferrell can't save this one. Sacha adds little. 
good The white-trash, child-neglect, feel-good NASCAR comedy of the year (the one without the talking cars). 
bad Ferrell e seus parceiros se mostram sempre dispostos a estender uma cena ate que ela eventualmente se torne engracada %u2013 e, por incrivel que pareca, esta tatica funciona com frequencia. 
very_good A film that will keep you laughing from beginning to end (including the credits), "Talladega Nights" is the most fun you can have this summer at 200 miles per hour! 
good ...It's hard not to be amused by the scene-stealing supporting cast. 
good Anchorman director Adam McKay has assembled a terrific cast and his hilarious script (co-written with Ferrell) ensures that each of the characters has their own funny moment. 
very_bad Some of the jokes here are funny. Most are not, while the characters are simply too silly to make us give two hoots about them. Worse, the movie collapses under the weight of a ton of syrup in the second half. 
bad Probably best viewed with a six-pack on hand. 
good Much like its star, Talladega Nights is erratic, infuriating and very, very funny. 
very_bad On the Ferrellometer, Talladega Nights sits just above Kicking & Screaming, when it should be redlining it up there with Anchorman. 
very_bad There are laughs to be had within Talladega Nights but they're certainly not worth the money a trip to the cinema will surely cost. 
bad The film plays like an episode of Saturday Night Live, with the same character tying together various sketches poking fun at Southerners, psychosomatic diseases, NASCAR fans, people who pray, product placement, the French, and sports movies. 
fair One of the most interesting concepts in American movies this year: The French Nascar driver who is just a compilation of American stereotypes of "Frenchness." 
good As ballads tend to be, this one was at times, slow and annoying, but it is worth the watch. 
fair Whilst many times it goes for the obvious and is often inconsistent, moments of inspired genius often yield hilarity 
good While the movie does veer somewhat close to sentimentality a few times, it always manages to steer away from it at the last moment. 
very_good Most comedies these days try too hard to be funny. Talladega Nights simply tries to be funny without being obvious. 
bad . . . it does have a few inspired comedic moments, but to get to those gems, you have to sit through an awful lot of flat, failed comedy set-ups. 
fair Gets good mileage out of its jokes, and has a sturdier frame than previous models 
very_bad Well, if you liked Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, you'll probably love Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. I did not like Anchorman. 
fair There's the lovable, semi-literate stupidity of Will Ferrell's 'Anchorman' ... and then there's just plain stupid. 
very_good ... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences, this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment. 
good Don't even get me started on the Highlander quips. 
very_bad The existence of movies like Talladega Nights is, I believe, the reason that intelligent life from other planets seem to prefer not visiting here. 
very_bad Just like NASCAR ... dumb as a post ... 
good The movie's second half gives Ferrell what he scarcely had at the beginning: funny performers playing off him. 
bad Silly, squealing spoof of dopey daredevils who clearly have a few lug nuts loose. 
fair Will Ferrell's subversive middle finger at NASCAR is tall and occasionally hilarious, but only intermittently smarter than what that gesture implies. 
fair A Will Ferrell vehicle customized with some potentially provocative red states satire and a message that so-called cutting and running may be smarter than winning at any cost. 
very_bad Ferrell drives his semi-improvised routines into the ground, while Cohen's turn as a flaming gay driver from France is a total wreck. 
very_good The first movie this summer (heck, this year) to call itself a comedy and remember to deliver enormous laughs. 
bad Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film, and Talladega delivers on that score&mdash;he's semi-naked and he thinks he's on fire. 
good It's the cinematic equivalent of a muscle car reconstructed exclusively from salvage parts that not only runs but wins street races. 
good Ferrell commits to each and every one of his characters, no matter how silly they may be, and the result is pure comedy gold. 
very_good Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby finds Will Ferrell in top form and in the right big-screen vehicle, delivering one of the funniest movies of the year. 
bad Imagine attending a NASCAR race with the funniest, wildest person you know. Sure, you might get hot and a little overwhelmed, but you'd laugh a lot and would never regret the experience. 
fair If you want your wild and crazy Will Ferrell, look for him elsewhere. But if you just want a few laughs from a movie that you know everyone's going to enjoy, Ricky Bobby's definitely your man. 
good No wonder Will Ferrell has people racing out to see his movies. 
very_good A celebration of the dysfunction of being an American--of the possibility of being simultaneously proud and mortified of ourselves. 
terrible It's physically painful to have to sit in a theater for more than 90 minutes and be continually assaulted by such drivel as Ferrell puts on the screen. 
fair Talladega Nights is a tighter, more structured film than Anchorman, which is probably both to its advantage and determent. 
good Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other! 
good Ferrell and McKay crafted their screenplay like a collection of one-liners from outer space; bizarre asides, comments and insults get us to laugh with their suddenness as well as their uniqueness. 
fair More fun than it should be. 
good The perfect tonic to this summer's bloated, special effects-driven extravaganzas, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby crosses the finish line with flying colors. 
bad ...there's simply no getting around the pervading feeling of mediocrity that's been hard-wired into the proceedings. 
bad Talladega is sort of an Anchorman Lite... It's still funny, but not as often. 
very_good Ferrell is at his dimbulb best, but still allows enough breathing room for a cast of comedic artists to get at least one major laugh for themselves. 
good This Will Ferrell vehicle ... is essentially chucking javelins at good ol' American redneckery. 
fair This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer, where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh. 
fair By so often falling back on Ferrell's no-holds-barred foolishness, Talladega Nights seems to be driving in circles. 
fair a funny movie, but doesn't quite live up to its potential. 
bad One of those movies that features end-credit outtakes that are much funnier than the film that preceded them, this endearing but messy assortment of gags just doesn't merit a full-price ticket. 
fair This is a movie that will do anything for a laugh, but rarely feels desperate for it. 
very_bad Crashes and burns as it tries to garner laughs out of poorly edited and decidedly threadbare material. 
very_good Pray to Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey that Ferrell keeps making silly movies like this. 
good The film's consistent ticklishness frequently breaks out into uproarious set pieces. 
very_bad This isn't a movie, it's an infomercial, and one with an honest-to-god Applebee's commercial that airs during the movie itself. 
bad A perfectly entertaining collection of jokes. 
fair Excuse the viewers if they fall asleep at the wheel. 
fair Lots and lots of bargain basement humor, mostly coming at the expense of NASCAR, their fans, the South, and the easiest (and lamest) target in the world: The French. 
good The actors each do their part to rev up the silly fun, whether it's Reilly's goofy 'shake and bake' slogan, Cohen's absurd French accent or Ferrell's graceless physicality 
very_good Ferrell has the doughy indolence of the dimwits he often plays, but you can see in his eyes that he's always looking for the joke. 
fair Will Ferrell as a NASCAR driver? You just don't get any funnier than that. 
good Though the movie about a moronic NASCAR racer overall is uneven and Ricky Bobby's saga lacks focus, the stupid-comical banter and the lampooning of this particular brand of car racing proves entertaining. 
good Gentlemen and ladies, start your engines -- really. Will Ferrell's NASCAR comedy is worth getting revved up over, though non-Ferrell fans will be unimpressed no matter how many times he strips to his skivvies. 
bad Ferrell and his writing partner Adam McKay (who also directs, as he did Anchorman) are utterly without shame in their eagerness to recycle old ideas. This pair could make a blue box jealous. 
good You know those comedies where all the good parts are in the trailer? Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby isn't one of them. 
good A smoothly, bizarrely entertaining comedy that mixes your traditional underdog farce with Ferrell's unique sense of ... strangeness. 
fair The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest. 
good Talladega Nights is very funny at times, even if the Ballad part mostly boils down to a series of comedy sketches connected by a recurring character. 
good The picture gets a bit long near the finish. But comedies live and die on the basis of their laugh quotient, and Talladega Nights gets its share. 
good Somewhere between a warm buddy's embrace of earthy turf and a sneering grin at the slob underbelly of America, the comedy has traction. It's like the crop from a seed that Burt Reynolds lobbed into a spittoon, years ago. 
fair The laughs come and go, but Ferrell makes NASCAR his bitch funny. Funnier. And more fun. And then the fun skids to a stop. 
good f you've been waiting for a summer comedy that's generally worth your popcorn, then filmgoers, start your engines. 
very_bad [Director] McKay has made another wildly uneven, PG-13-that-could-be-R comedy that veers from explosively funny, overlong improvs (a Southern-fried dinner prayer to 'Dear Baby Jesus') to black holes from which no laugh can escape. 
good Ferrell reteams with director Adam McKay (Anchorman) for another gleefully trashy comedy. 
good Whoo, mama: Will Ferrell and NASCAR do make a purty pair. They go together like peanut butter and fried bananas in Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. 
good Like a 30-car pileup on the high banks at Daytona, you can't take your eyes off this mess, and it is a rambunctious entertainment. 
good It's a briskly paced, reliably funny and surprisingly sweet portrait of a colorful subculture, and its improvisational impulses strain against the hood of a sturdily designed storyline. 
fair 'What does diablo mean?' 'It's like Spanish for fighting chicken.' If you cracked so much as a shell of a smile reading that, then run, don't walk, to see Talladega Nights, where you will get an entire year's worth of equally irresistible nonsense. 
good NASCAR comedy finds the sweet spot between cartoonish silliness and racing culture send-up. Some good crashes, too. 
bad Talladega is full of fun moments and funny performances that are more engaging as bits than as a cohesive narrative. 
fair If you can delight in the delight of others, you just may delight in this. Otherwise, prepare to be awfully jealous, because it's the sort of picture where the actors are having a lot more fun than the audience. 
bad It is missing parts, has screws loose, repeatedly threatens to run out of gas and even crashes-and-burns in a few brutal scenes. 
very_good Talladega is the first comedy this year to make me laugh so hard I snorted. 
bad NASCAR fans will likely love Talladega Nights, which may be a glowing endorsement or a warning sign, depending on the viewer. 
fair This mildly crude yet oddly tame tale about a NASCAR hotshot who burns rubber to the top of the pole before having a speedway blowout runs on underinflated tires. 
very_good Like Little Miss Sunshine, Ricky Bobby is impeccably cast and performed, from the starring roles to small parts. 
bad 'Mediocre' is an apt description for any of Will Ferrell's sloppy, casually funny comedies, especially Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. 
very_bad Talladega Nights spins out early and never recovers. 
good Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the sort of cheerfully asinine comedy that twists your arm until you submit. So, to Will Ferrell -- clown, freak, bully -- I scream, 'Uncle!' 
bad Whether the engine on Talladega Nights is humming or sputtering, Ferrell stays gamely behind the wheel. 
good As a cultural artifact, Talladega Nights is both completely phony and, therefore, utterly authentic. Or, to put it differently: this movie is the real thing. 
very_good Talladega Nights is the rare comedy that manages to be funny and witty. 
bad We're left ho-humming our way through one obligatory scene after another and wincing through a sting of failed gags until the next bit comes along that tickles our funny bone. 
good The absurdly funny Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is at once a glorious send-up of NASCAR culture and a goofy celebration of the redneck, red state, red-blooded American culture that spawned it. 
fair A whole bunch of great racing footage would've ratcheted up Nights a notch or two -- see Cars for inspiration -- but even the track scenes are ... well, pedestrian. 
good While the film spins out from time to time in subplots highlighting the world-class supporting cast, it has enough momentum to finish in the winner's circle. 
fair Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a bit of a mess, but it is a genial mess, and one that will make you laugh. Which is the whole idea. 
bad Now and then, the movie allows you to relax into its brand of stupid-smart comedy. The rest of the time your shoulders scrunch up and ask the eternal question: Why is this routine not quite working? 
bad It's charming and often funny, but it also drags badly and never makes much of its characters. 
fair ...if you got a kick out of Ferrell's moronic anchorman character in Anchorman, you'll get a decent amount of guffaws out of this companion piece as well... 
very_good You won't have seen anything this funny in a theater since... well, maybe since Anchorman. 
bad Farrell, as he did in ELF, brings that absolute conviction to absolute cluelessness and when the script supports him, it's magic 
bad The movie looks really good, especially the NASCAR racing action, but it never quite fulfills the promise of Anchorman. 
terrible Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy. 
very_good While not quite as focused and inspired as Anchorman, it still made me laugh as hard and often as any movie in recent memory. 
fair Rambunctious and synthetic, Talladega Nights boasts its fair share of inspired Ferrell riffs, even if, as a satire of the NASCAR subculture, it mostly runs on fumes. 
good The cast is great, and when they're in the midst of one of those manic improvisational furies that made Anchorman so funny, The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a riot. 
very_bad Fans may enjoy their Idol songs and parents may appreciate its wholesomeness, but there's little else to recommend in this throwback to the '60s Beach Blanket movies. 
terrible What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money. 
very_bad Idol film expands 15 minutes of fame. 
terrible The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me. 
terrible Watching them lock lips feels like incest propaganda: Justin and Kelly are offspring of the same publicity machinery, after all 
terrible From Justin to Kelly is bad, but Glitter is still worse because Glitter thinks it's a great movie. 
terrible From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come. 
terrible Moulin Rouge ... Chicago ... From Justin to Kelly ... two steps forward and then about 16 steps back for the film musical. 
bad Fans of the television show may show up for this one, but given that an American Idol sequel has already ended its run, audiences are likely to find it stale. 
very_bad It's more dumbfounding that so much time is wasted on a cast of unknowns, second-stringers granted solos long before Kelly or Justin take center stage. Why not support with other first-season alums? 
bad Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor. 
terrible It was produced by people who saw nothing in it but a few quick bucks, filled with songs that no one would want to hear again and starring two people who have no business at the center of any movie. 
terrible I don't think any young A-list duo could have triumphed over this production. 
terrible I hope they don't wait this long for Rubin's film. 
bad A pleasant little boy-meets-girl musical. 
terrible Move over, Mariah Carrey, there's a new kid in town and she's got a movie that out-Glitters Glitter. 
terrible [From Justin to Kelly] is basically a more wholesome MTV Dance Party, the musical festivities interrupted every so often to search for a plot. 
terrible From Justin to Kelly may be right out of the Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello scrapbook, but that's not the movie they are making here. 
terrible From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful. 
terrible The entire movie is vaguely unsettling. 
very_bad An 80-minute cavalcade of music-video-style numbers, strung together with little fits of dialogue for pretty, gym-toned performers who are given the names of characters. 
terrible Arguably the most insipid movie released so far this century. 
terrible From Justin to Kelly is 81 minutes of beach blanket bunkum, with the cast of cute kids bursting into song every now and then to cover up a romance that never ignites. 
terrible Despite all the constant discussion of raging hormones, hot babes and whipped-cream bikini contests, the movie is Disney-clean and curiously asexual. 
terrible Not many people really expected From Justin to Kelly to be any good. But was it too much to ask that it at least have a plot? 
terrible I realize this effort wasn't intended for the likes of me or most anyone over the age of early teendom. Yet, did it really have to be this bad and painful to witness? 
terrible Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting. 
bad [Guarini] is a hopeless case. ... [But] acting lessons and a costume designer who can flatter her non-anorexic figure could turn Clarkson into a movie star. 
fair Where are Frankie and Annette? 
very_bad The would-be romantic comedy is a PG-rated musical that's as dull as dishwater. 
very_bad This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan. 
bad A sweet, innocuous musical romance, the cinema version of a carnival's cotton candy. 
bad This too-many -generations-removed copy of Where the Boys Are (1960) is crammed with energetic but artless musical numbers that feature lip-synching multitudes and uninspired choreography. 
terrible Why assemble a movie that the majority of American Idol's audience would be embarrassed to go see? 
terrible The choreography is flat and lifeless; the pop songs are thoroughly disposable, mass-produced trash; and the lip-synching and sound mix have to be some of the worst ever for a big studio motion picture. 
very_bad ...schmaltzy...sitting through the bubble gum banality of FJTK is enough to make poor Beach vets Frankie and Annette (and the rest of us for that matter) bury their delusional heads in the sand. 
good A gloriously cheesy movie, the guilty pleasure to beat this summer! 
terrible It's sad that after Moulin Rouge and Chicago worked so hard to resurrect the musical, From Justin to Kelly had to go and kill it all over again. 
terrible From Justin to Kelly has the potential to be almost cultishly kitschy if the songs were even remotely interesting, but they're just more of the same trite pop garbage we've come to expect from our American Idols. 
terrible Some people wait a lifetime for a turkey like this -- and for them,'From Justin to Kelly' will provide a holiday feast. ...a spectacularly wretched musical melodrama. 
bad A very effective low-budget Deliverance ripoff. Up there with Piranha, The Evil and Capone as one of Roger Corman's most entertaining productions. 
bad Lil Bow Wow in family friendly fantasy. 
bad It's formulaic stuff but done with enough gusto to entertain. 
terrible There's no excuse to come within a hundred feet of a screen playing this monstrosity of a movie. 
terrible There's no joke about the wretchedness that is Like Mike--except the cruel one on anyone who gets suckered into watching this crap. 
bad A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained. 
bad ...Full of stereotypical characters, plot holes, and unconvincing dialogue delivered by a host of so-so actors... 
bad Though it doesn't exactly offer any great shakes in terms of plot or character development, the film's entertaining enough to be watched by kids and adults alike. 
very_bad This irritatingly feeble basketball movie for kids is co-produced by the NBA, for whom it is pretty candidly designed as a giant feature-length commercial. 
terrible [A] dire sports film. 
terrible Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike. 
bad A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained. 
good Hey, any movie that has Crispin Glover running an orphanage is good for a laugh. 
fair A cheery, crowd-pleasing sports fantasy built around a winning performance from a very young rap star. 
bad However intoxicating young moviegoers might find Calvin's on-court success, what was needful onscreen was more of the simple humanity a story about orphans should not only have recognized but delivered. 
good Keep an eye on Lil Bow Wow, folks. If Like Mike is any indication, he's bound to score again. 
bad It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow. 
terrible With its paint fights, motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment, it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches. 
very_bad A featherweight kids' movie set against a heavily sponsored official NBA backdrop, John Schultz's Like Mike is superhero fantasy for sport-minded youngsters and the adults they watch TV with. 
good Seeing Lil Bow Wow go toe-to-toe (or, more accurately, face-to-kneecap) against the stars of the game is loads of fun. 
bad The film is typical sappy fare with 'little life lessons' being learned all over the place. It isn't the film is bad -- I, as an adult, found it just too predictable for this day and age. 
good [A] heart-warming, family-friendly sports movie about a kid who literally ends up in the supercharged basketball sneakers that used to belong to NBA superstar Michael Jordan. 
terrible Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal. 
very_bad The kiddie sports fantasy Like Mike double dribbles...Although it appears that Like Mike may be a rollicking good time in all its formulaic frenzy, the film has all the impact and subtlety of a charging foul call. 
bad Kid-friendly. 
bad Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net. 
terrible ...a low rate Annie featuring some kid who can't act, only echoes of Jordan, and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school. 
bad Amiable enough, but far too cliched and steadfastly generic to be worth recommending. 
good It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid. 
fair If you'd like a sweet and simple story where the final score is never in doubt, lace 'em up and head to the theater. 
terrible Regrettably, Like Mike is more reminiscent of Michael Jordan's short lived baseball career than his legendary basketball one. 
terrible I've seen some bad singer-turned actors, but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake. 
fair Offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones. 
bad Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle. 
terrible A harmless, if ultimately inane, fantasy-comedy vehicle for youngsta-rapper Lil' Bow Wow. 
fair A squeaky-clean, warmhearted movie parents can send kids to without worries. 
bad It should manage to work its own form of magic over young (and even some older) viewers enough times to earn a passing grade. 
good One of the summer's pleasant surprises. 
good An efficient, exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality, corny jokes and life lessons. 
fair An agreeable summertime crowd-pleaser, especially if the crowd includes a lot of 5-to 15-year-olds who enjoy sports. 
very_bad This isn't movie-making designed for a lot of scrutiny. 
fair Both the slapstick and the schmaltz are workmanlike enough to keep the little ones' eyes wide and bright. Grown-ups should be prepared to have their nerves milked dry. 
bad Essentially an unoriginal 'poor-lil'-orphan' story jazzed up with some crowd-pleasing hoops action and a string of cameo appearances by NBA stars such as Allen Iverson, Jason Kidd and Chris Webber. 
good Armed with a game supporting cast, from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy, Like Mike shoots and scores, doing its namesake proud. 
bad Like Mike is a winner for kids, and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow, who can now add movies to the list of things he does well. 
bad Like Mike is what feel-good family movies are meant to be. It aims its humour and pathos at children without excluding adults. 
bad A ho-hum effort populated by a far more engaging cast than it deserves. 
bad A movie that can't help but trip over its own wholesomeness. 
bad An incredibly slight comedy that earns points because it's clean and has a good message. It's just not terribly funny. 
good Bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores. 
good The movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea, that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an NBA star. 
good In the long, dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation, Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency. 
very_bad The pain of watching notable actors Robert Forster and Eugene Levy suffer the ridiculousness of starring opposite a teen rap sensation in an innocuous summer kiddie movie is at times unbearable and downright ugly. 
terrible What we really want to see is Like Mike 2, in which the shoes make Calvin get caught up in a gambling scandal, then ill-advisedly quit the NBA to become a mediocre pro baseball player. 
good Like Mike doesn't win any points for originality. It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style, and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism. 
good Unlike most movies for children, Like Mike was made with care. 
good A clean movie suitable for young children. 
good Like Mike is a harmlessly naive slice of b-ball fantasy, fit for filling in during the real NBA's off-season. 
fair So accomplished is Like Mike as an article of league public relations that one is easily distracted from its schematic story line. 
good Any movie lucky enough to feature a single shot with Mr. Levy, Mr. Forster and Mr. Glover -- three actors with odd and unique timing -- deserves an audience. 
good A sure-fire heart-warmer: lively, funny yet emotion-charged and uplifting. 
fair The movie's gravity-defying dunks are a lot to swallow, but Bow Wow is likable as a down-on-his-luck orphan abused by his greedy guardian. 
good Like Mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches. It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor. 
fair Bow Wow has a genuinely winning presence that makes the movie easy to take. 
bad The script is right out of the Hollywood formula box, but LBW has a lot of charm and there is an able cast of supporting players. 
very_bad A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties. 
very_bad It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie. 
good A wonderfully sweet orphan, Calvin is an endearing character who'll bring a constant smile to your face and leave just a bit of a lump in your throat. 
bad A strong first quarter, slightly less so second quarter, and average second half. 
very_good Swinton approaches Julia with an all-or-nothing attitude, creating an ungodly eccentric character and evoking an impressive array of audience emotions. 
good Tilda Swinton's strong central performance saves an otherwise routine drug drama. 
terrible One should hope Tilda Swinton has a good dental plan - it will come in handy when the time comes to pry out the scenery she aggressively chomps. 
good In Erick Zonca's tense and juicy noir, Tilda Swinton plays the title role with a crusty panache matched only by her matted, flaming-red thatch of hair (a character in its own right). 
good Tilda Swinton is electrifying in this riveting, knock-your-socks-off crime thriller that is just about as intense as movies get. 
very_good Charles Bukowski would have loved this foul-mouthed, fiery, reckless woman. Against all odds and common sense, you will, too. 
good In a sense, it goes to all the places a sensitive character study might have gone, but more dramatically, convincingly and vividly. 
best A nerve-wracking thriller with a twisty plot and startling realism. 
fair Swinton is mesmerising as a messed-up drunk. 
fair a tonally-consistent, lively thriller that is very much of the filmmaker's own little corner of the world 
bad This is not really sure what it wants to be, an out-an-out thriller or a character portrait, but it exels at both in parts. 
bad Boasts an electrifying, brave performance by Tilda Swinton and has a thrilling initial half, but eventually becomes tedious and convoluted while lacking plausibility and insight into the titular character. 
very_good Zonca's Julia is a difficult movie to stomach, but entirely worth the emotional unrest it puts through you. 
very_bad We never get a good look at her demons, just the havoc they wreak. 
very_bad Picture Fargo played with no sense of comedy, and you'll get some idea of the absurdity of this drunken floozy, clicking and wobbling on high heels, often with bits of her anatomy hanging out, trying to pull off the perfect crime. 
good Like any beautiful, heartbreaking wreck -- we can never take our eyes off Julia. Or the fierce and uncompromising actress bringing her to awful, astonishing life. 
terrible A bungled thriller that starts out badly and never recovers. 
bad Ms. Swinton doesn't have Ms. Rowlands' tenderness, but, damn, she has just about everything else you need or want. 
fair [Tilda Swinton] is on screen for nearly every second of this two-and-a-quarter-hour-plus film and it's a startling star turn indeed. 
fair Will be remembered for the unforgettable performance by Swinton that drives this inventive thriller. 
very_good Zonca's story is an unruly beast, lurching this way and that like a biker hopped up on mescaline and paint thinner, its unpredictable rowdiness in sync with its out-of-control protagonist. 
bad Swinton's character may be unsympathetic but the actress imbues her with a humanity that is engaging. 
very_good Julia is at once a marvel of screen acting, an unthinkably black comedy, and one of the few truly nail-biting suspense films to emerge this decade. 
bad It's the slow burn of Swinton's idiosyncratic but engrossing interpretation of this unlikely heroine that holds the movie together and provides an end result that is both affecting and teasingly different. 
very_bad Zonca has put together an ambitious and forthright story, but Swinton's contribution looks more like an actressy impersonation than a performance, and indeed Zonca's film itself looks like a European facsimile of Americana. 
bad Weighing in at 140 minutes, it's a long, often difficult watch, but made compelling by Swinton's tour-de-force and some solid support, particularly Saul Rubinek as her sympathetic ex-boyfriend. 
very_bad If the script had been half as powerful as Swinton, this could have been special. 
very_bad Swinton's Julia is one of those performances that goes so far in repelling audience sympathy that it comes out the other side looking almost admirable. 
good Julia, by and large, is a tale of desperate opportunists, fugitive souls who survive by living on their wits, taking risks and making it up as they go along. It sometimes feels that a similar person is behind the camera as well as in front of it. 
good Gripping, tense and often wildly unpredictable thriller, superbly directed by Erick Zonca and featuring a ferocious central performance from Tilda Swinton. 
good It is no easier to warm to Zonca's film than to its central character - but it is impossible to take your eyes off either. Amoral, at times brutal, and full of surprises... 
bad It's largely Tilda Swinton's presence that saves Julia from itself. 
very_good Bergman's classic sparkles with wit and innuendo in a way that most modern romantic comedies can't even come close to. 
best Though Bergman's staging of the affair occasionally suggests a proscenium is just beyond the frame, the ensemble brings joyful veracity to the romantic complications and well-drawn characters. 
fair Lusty comedy of manners plays like a lighter Rules of the Game. 
good Who would have thought that august Sweden would be sending us a film comedy as witty and cheerfully candid about the complexities of love as any recent French essay on l'amour? 
best As a maker of romantic comedies, Bergman proves himself the equal of Ernst Lubitsch in his heyday at Paramount in the early 1930s. 
bad Bergman was a master to have crafted all of this material together so that it was entertaining. 
best Nothing about this strange, moving work of agit-pop has ever seemed out of date. If anything, "Alphaville" moves closer to relevance with every passing year. 
best A bracing salute to American gangster pics, with a jumpy European post-war uncertainty thrown in. 
best Although this is drastically different compared to the rest of Godard's oeuvre, it has without a doubt had a lasting impact with its ground-breaking visuals. 
good Karina proves to be the beating heart of the movie, getting its piercing last line (no spoilers here). Yet it's Constantine's ravaged mug that you remember. 
good It may mean absolutely nothing, but it's undeniably one interesting ride -- across universes in a Ford Galaxy. 
very_good The haunting imagery and dystopian vision of Alphaville deserves comparison to Fritz Lang's Metropolis 
very_bad New Wave classic. Set bold new standards. Whatever. 
best This cold war allegorical sci-fi film is imaginatively made and proves that sometimes the most mundane images can become dazzling in the right context. 
good Packed to the brim with imagination, particularly the insane 2nd half. 
best It works both as a philosophical treatise on politics and film as well as an entertaining and often amusing look at a future overrun by technology. 
very_good A poetic, funny, and visually inspired blend of sci-fi, detective-film satire, and political allegory. 
best Esta fascinante mistura de noir, 1984 e Admiravel Mundo Novo filosofa, como Solaris faria sete anos depois, sobre a natureza do homem e suas contradicoes. 
best Godard's masterpiece of French new-wave cinema. Essential viewing. 
bad These ideas are more prevalent than ever, which tends to horribly date Alphaville against its more thought-out successors like A Clockwork Orange and Blade Runner. 
good Heartbreaking, funny and truthful, with more depth crammed into 75 minutes than most manage in two hours. 
very_bad Director Manuel Carballo seems to be trying for the psychological unease of Blindness, or perhaps of something by Cronenberg, but it's never more than artificial terror wrapped in bland social commentary. 
fair This is a serious, austere film that feels as if it's barely restraining the B-movie within. In the end, it fights itself to a draw. 
bad The Returned is a zombie movie without the zombies, generating scares through social commentary and human nature, which actually makes for a welcome change of pace. 
good Refreshingly intelligent, subversive and psychologically terrifying. It's much more than your average zombie film. 
fair Carballo offsets the lack of surprise with such efficient suspense builders as propulsive music, ambient noise, realistic lighting and judicious handheld camerawork while efficiently explaining the science and politics behind what is happening. 
very_bad The Returned is sort of about prejudice and paranoia, but for the most part, the social commentary is as absent as the action, with both taking a back seat to clever conceptualizing. 
good One of the most original, entertaining, and creepy zombie movies of recent years. 
very_bad Manuel Carballo's film proves that the zombie narrative is still capable of subversion, but does so with the laziest, Lifetime-grade intimations of social relevance. 
bad Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad. 
good Beautifully animated and utterly charming. 
very_good Billy Wilder followed up Sunset Boulevard with this biting tale which cast a skeptical eye on the media and feels just as apropos in our age of 24-hour news. 
best It's the most scabrous, uncompromised work from Billy Wilder, who never made a movie that wasn't kind of an asshole. 
very_good Over 60 years later, Ace in the Hole has lost none of its sharpness. The only thing that's hard to believe about the movie is that Wilder and his co-screenwriters could have been this far ahead of the curve in their criticism of the media. 
very_good One year after scandalizing Hollywood with his bilious classic Sunset Boulevard, Billy Wilder was up to his old tricks with Ace in the Hole, which did to journalism -- and to the average American -- what his previous picture had done to Tinseltown. 
very_good Billy Wilder's take on human selfishness and callousness makes for one of the most angry and cynical films ever made. 
best Quite possibly the most Billy Wilder-ey of all Wilder's films. 
very_good Not only did Wilder pillory the media in Ace in the Hole, he made monkeys out of everyone. Look at you, he said, you eat this drivel with both hands. 
good As dark and cynical as Wilder gets, Ace also features one of Douglas' very best performance. Nobody is sympathetic and nobody is likeable. That's why it's so great. 
best Cynical classic looks better (and truer) every year. 
best Douglas is wonderfully slimy as a scheming reporter in one of Wilder's most accomplished films. 
best Not unlike Fritz Lang's equally misanthropic Scarlet Street, Ace in the Hole plays the squashing of one man's human spirit for societal-weary gravitas. 
best The film is as grim and pitiless as the relentless drill that pounds away at the mountain top. 
fair The Network of the newspaper age. 
very_bad Ace in the Hole is badly weakened by a poorly constructed plot, which depends for its strength upon assumptions that are not only naive but absurd. 
very_bad Excessively overrated Billy Wilder bile-bath, with Kirk Douglas at his teeth-gnashing hammiest. 
very_bad "Pete Smalls is Dead" nearly kills itself with an overdose of cutesy mainlined hipsterism. 
very_bad Many of the film's storytelling beats seems drawn perhaps a little too closely from "The Long Goodbye," Raymond Chandler's elegiac detective novel adapted into a classic by Robert Altman. 
fair A typically slick effort from DreamWorks Animation... 
good As a child who loathed the wholesomeness of Disney and wholeheartedly embraced the madcap antics of Bugs Bunny, Wile E. Coyote and Daffy Duck this film was perfect for me. 
bad The film has some serious problems, the first being - and yes, I feel ridiculous for even attributing this complaint to a film with the above title - a completely pat narrative that seriously lacks character development 
very_bad Me quede con hambre de mas y es que siento que Dreamworks, fuera del verde Shrek, no ha encontrado la formula para darle verdadera batalla a Disney Pixar. 
good Inked more by its influences than originality, "Monsters" gets exhaustive with its rapid-fire references. That said, if this works as a shiny primer to one day introduce children to classic sci-fi, satire, fantasy and anime, well, more power to it. 
good Not as wonderful as Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens is the next best thing that DreamWorks Animation has produced. 
bad ...for kids Monsters vs. Aliens has a lot of color and action, and it's not too scary. Fair enough. As long as you're a kid. 
fair A happy, family-friendly movie without a mean bone in its mutated body, even though it features a giant killer robot machine and its four-eyed alien squid master, a megalomaniac who's out to kill and/or enslave all of humanity. 
fair The real reason to see this movie is the stunning 3-D craftsmanship. 
bad This movie was comfortably middle of the road. While Dreamworks has frankly annoyed me to the point of almost-boycott, they can't forever turn out such drivel, right? Monsters Vs Aliens is not poo at all, it's not bad. It's not going to set the world o 
good It continues to be a banner year for animation, with "Monsters vs. Aliens" proving to be a fast-paced and witty family adventure that simultaneously pays homage to and pokes fun at all those cheesy science fiction films from the 1950s. 
fair A film that relies more on gimmicks than on plotting. 
bad moiazei me mikser poy o kathenas petakse mesa tin idea toy me ligo seloteip gia na kollisei 
bad It's too bad the new 3D glasses can't fix sloppy writing. 
fair Monsters vs. Aliens still packs a sufficient amount of jolting jocularity that is sure to satisfy the entertaining mindsets of youngsters and oldsters alike...a zesty escapist treat 
fair Not only spectacularly well made but frequently very funny. 
fair If you are looking for a diversionary flick you can take the kids to and everybody comes out having had a good time, this is perfect. 
bad The latest cartoon from DreamWorks isn't a classic, but it makes the grade for Easter viewing. 
bad Monsters vs. Aliens is both a spoof and celebration of mid-century creature features, offering positive, if well-worn, "messages for the kids." 
good The voice casting is superb, with Hugh Laurie and Seth Rogen the standouts along with Witherspoon. There's also plenty of amazing action. The epic battle over the Golden Gate bridge is as exciting as any top live-action movie. 
bad Given that the film was sold as the biggest kind of spectacle, it's disappointing though not surprising that it's so barbarically typical. 
very_good Susan is a character with real, um, weight... 
good This bright and lively computer-animated 3D comedy-adventure gives the masters of animation at Pixar a run for their box office riches. 
fair This is a movie that will more than delight the younger tykes. 
very_good ...the first really memorable film of 2009, and clearly the most fun. 
bad Monsters vs Aliens is skilfully animated and spasmodically funny, but you get the impression the film's seven (!) writers ran out of ideas two-thirds of the way through. 
fair A comprehensively entertaining package. If there's a lack of originality, the film is bolstered by the sheer verve of the animation and effects. 
bad Engagingly nerdy movie in-jokes are clearly a step in the right direction for DreamWorks after the rather crass and bombastic approach of the Shrek movies. 
bad It's all very good value, although I have a vague feeling that a gallery of freaky sci-fi creatures, as in Monsters Inc, may not engage the young audience's sympathies as much as humanoids. Great fun, anyway. 
very_bad The movie never grows a heart, which doesn't stop it trying to tattoo one onto its chest. By the whizz-bang climax inside the alien mothership, I was fidgeting like a four-year-old at Cosi fan tutte. 
very_bad Heart and soul are sacrificed for sequences of loud characters pinballing across the screen in search of an easy laugh. The whole endeavour is an unsubtle, in your face CG-animated assault from DreamWorks. 
bad Despite being second out of the 3D traps after Bolt, their first special-specs-required outing is at least as eye-catching as Pixar's Oscar-nominated pacesetter. Occasionally, it's even better. 
bad DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda. 
good A snappy script and some neat 3D make for an above-average romp with plenty of in-jokes for cineastes and fan-boys alike. 
bad DreamWorks still has a lot to learn about the superior powers of immersion exerted by a well-told story. 
good This is probably THE family film of the year so far and it's one that has enough grown up (and by that I don't mean rude) gags to ensure that adults enjoy this too. The script is razor sharp and the voice cast is spot one. 
fair The kids may not get all the references, but theya(TM)ll enjoy the spectacular action and broad comedy, especially if they manage to see it in 3D. 
bad They're outweighed by moments of real, albeit surreal, charm - like when gelatinous BOB chats up a dish of pineapple jelly at a pool party - that would melt the heart of even a sentient blob of gloop. 
good The voice cast has been well chosen, with everyone delivering their lines with just the right mix of satire and seriousness. It all makes for a horrifyingly humorous hour-and-a-half. 
good Besides a big heart, it has outstanding 3-D action sequences 
very_bad This Easter digimation romp is big on action and slapstick, small on charm, tiny on wit and endurability; unless you are nine, when anything goes. 
good Aficianadoes of 1950s monster movies should have a ball spotting all the references. All anyone else requires is a taste for good fun. 
bad This lively story about a young girl who gets hit by a meteor on her wedding day that turns her into a giant is certainly wacky enough. 
good The film lacks the soft, friendly edge of something like Monsters, Inc and sags a little after the first big fight, but it's gigantic fun nevertheless. 
good Enjoyable, frequently funny comedy with strong, likeable characters, impressive animation and a script that's packed with both terrific gags and subtle movie references for film fans. 
good With a sharply funny script, vivid characters and eye-popping imagery, this is a raucously enjoyable animated film 
good Kids will adore the flash 3D visuals, brilliant action sequences and ace sight gags. Mums, dads and others will relish the quickfire dialogue-some of the best we've heard for a while in any film-and the affectionate nods to sci-fi of times past. 
good The animation is spectacular and the action full on. The monsters are cute and lovable even though they're still pretty ugly. 
good Monsters vs Aliens is still unlikely to blow your mind, but it will make you bust a gut laughing, and that's certainly something worth celebrating in animation. 
good Spielberg references, action, humor, romance and 3D. What more do you want from a family-friendly flick? 
good I think many young children will learn from this film without even realizing they're being taught something. 
fair MONSTERS VS ALIENS comes so close to being something truly special, but even as a movie that's just enjoyably above average it beats the pants off everything else that Dreamworks has done so far. 
fair a brightly colored mash-up of pop-culture gags that speeds at you so fast and furiously that it feels like a rush even if you can't remember much about it the next day 
very_bad A terrific idea with the heart sucked out. 
good 3-D debris (both animal and mineral) fly out of the screen every minute or so. Best wear an apron if you're suggestible. 
fair There's nothing really wrong with it, but there is a lot that isn't quite right. 
fair In what other movie do you get shout-outs to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Beverly Hills Cop" in the same frame. "Monsters vs. Aliens" might be a better time capsule of kitsch than an actual movie. 
very_bad On the bright side, it's short. 
very_bad The 3-D effects look great, no doubt, but the film ultimately falls victim to a contrived, unoriginal plot that just shows once again how far behind Disney/Pixar, DreamWorks Animation is. 
fair In the case of Monsters v. Aliens--henceforth to be referred to as 'Monsters Vs. Aliens'--we find in favor of monsters. 
fair The 3-D enhances the movie rather than detracting from it and that is not always the case. 
bad The jokes are good; the animation is fine; the 3-D is awesome. But still the film fails to make a monster or an alien as powerful a character as the little clownfish Marlin from FINDING NEMO. 
good I was hoping Monsters Vs. Aliens would turn out to be a documentary about the Trial Lawyers Association against the Taliban. Maybe both sides would get wiped out? 
bad With a title like Monsters Vs. Aliens, [it] tells you exactly what it's going to be. Yet so did Snakes on a Plane, and somehow that movie managed to disappoint as well. 
bad In short, if you're going to see Monsters vs. Aliens, the only way to do it is in 3D. Looking back, I think I'd be miserable just watching a 2D screening of this movie. 
fair Pleasant but often pedestrian. 
fair Attack of the 50 Foot Shrug. 
bad Monsters Vs. Aliens is a fine rainy-Sunday diversion, but if you want real monster and alien fun, hit up Netflix and rent some of the classics that inspired it. 
bad A loud, rushed, choppy, silly, colorful Nintendo game of a movie. And it could have been DreamWorks' version of "The Incredibles." 
very_good A wholesome family flick that everybody can enjoy, provided mom and dad are willing to turn off their brains when they put on the 3-D glasses. 
good Monsters vs. Aliens is genetically engineered to appeal to young and old alike. That's not how you make an animated classic, though. 
good There is something magical about watching a well-made 3-D feature film--even one with a less than stellar script--to listen to the ooh's and ahs and giggles generated by kids in a sold-out theater. 
very_good The ongoing advances in animation make it easier for filmmakers to create worlds we can get lost in, which is exactly what happens here. 
good As the first out of the gate, this family-friendly movie is a legitimate contender for best animated feature film. 
best Original. Clever. Brilliant. Insert your own adjective here. Monsters Vs. Aliens is flat out the funniest flick of the year. 
good You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them. 
bad Plenty of giggles and thrills to keep the kiddies happy while a clever script filled with nods to the alien invasion movies of the 1950s will keep their parents in stitches. 
bad It's about a tenth as entertaining as, say, Monsters, Inc. -- one of the lesser Pixar movies -- and it doesn't reach the same heights as DreamWorks' previous monster franchise, Shrek. 
good Now, I know I can't predict the future, nor do I have a Magic 8 Ball at my disposal, but I just don't see how Up will be able to outperform the sensational Monsters vs. Aliens, which is one monster mash that truly is a graveyard smash. 
good I am strong, I am invincible, I am woman takes on a whole new meaning at 50 feet tall. 
fair This is an example of a mainstream studio blockbuster done right%u2014it effectively balances humor and action, as well as small character beats with big set-pieces. 
terrible With all the terrific animated movies we've seen in the past few years, this sort of tossed-off dreck is simply not acceptable. 
fair I don't think there are any characters here that a child would love. 
good Homage to '50s alien flicks too intense for youngest kids. 
fair See it for the dozens of homages to old movie monsters and movie genres. 
bad All in all, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough colour, motion and mayhem to keep the kids entertained for the required 90 minutes 
terrible Heavily touted as an industry breakthrough for 3-D, DreamWorks Animation's clunky and wildly unimaginative Monsters vs. Aliens really doesn't have a clue what to do with the technique. 
good The 3-D animation, occasional gross-out jokes and way-cool beasties and robots play to every 10-year-old, chronological or just in spirit. 
good In terms of generating pure, Monstrous laughs this is the year's funniest comedy so far - animated OR live action. 
bad Shooting a chaotic action scene in an extra dimension definitely adds to the clutter, but does zilch to subtract from the tedium. 
good Overall, Monsters vs. Aliens is pleasing without being especially hilarious. Some lines fall flat, and a few bits involving B.O.B. are overused. But a lack of zingers is forgivable in a movie of such visual accomplishment. 
bad The cool stuff -- like 3-D and collapsing bridges -- may get filmmakers halfway there, but to make it all the way home, they need the usual movie elements, like a good story and vivid characters, and here Monsters vs. Aliens comes up short. 
good As willfully chock-full of the familiar as the animated feature is, it's also a hoot. 
good This film has hidden depths, especially for adults who mistakenly think Monsters vs. Aliens is only for kids. 
fair The dirty little secret is that 3-D is frequently painful. [But] it's a sweet little movie, which is easy to enjoy once your eyes adjust. 
very_bad The directors, Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon, who also wrote the shabby gag-book script with four other conspirators, simply throw everything at the wall and see if it will stick. 
bad Directors Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon push so hard for three-dimensionality that they basically have their animators putting sightlines before storylines. 
bad DreamWorks proves it can be a force in the animation genre with its highly entertaining effort here. 
very_bad Monsters Vs. Aliens is visually pleasing but a sad attempt at entertaining kids. The film is riddled with tired jokes and wasted talent. Wait for the cable viewing. 
bad Despite spectacular visuals and sporadic thrills, Monsters vs. Aliens lacks the consistent fun, inventiveness, wit and big-heartedness found in superior, unforgettable CGI action-adventures such as The Incredibles. 
good The new 3D animated feature film from Dreamworks is really less of a kids' movie and more of a witty science fiction comedy aimed at fans of cheesy 1950s sci-fi films. 
bad For a 3-D movie, Monsters vs. Aliens is appallingly one-dimensional. 
bad What begins as a promising homage to classic sci-fi silliness turns into the unwanted answer to the unasked question "What would a Joe Dante film be like without Joe Dante directing it?" 
bad Funny, but stumbles from scene to scene kind of like Lindsay Lohan stumbles out of the Roosevelt Hotel on a Friday night. 
bad Seth Rogen as an animated blob is awesome, just like this action packed animation. 
good Three-dimensional sequences, whether animated or live action, can feel more gimmicky than integral to the tale. Happily, such is not the case with the entertaining Monsters vs. Aliens. 
fair "Nice" is the adjective that seems to surface most in trying to pin down the film's most salient quality, which means that while the film is enjoyable enough, it is unlikely to become a classic for us, or a Shrek sort of franchise for DreamWorks. 
bad A highly competent, smartly engineered delivery system for the very cliches it pretends to subvert. 
very_good The voice performers are clearly having fun. Witherspoon hasn't sounded this free and easy in years, and Stephen Colbert steals scenes as the voice of the U.S. president. 
good Another fast and funny digitally animated DreamWorks kid flick. 
fair An animated funhouse that delivers on its title and ups its scary-comic impact if you see it in 3-D. 
very_bad Pilfering everything from Mothra to Attack of the 50 Foot Woman to Men in Black and Monsters, Inc. the script piles on the mayhem and forgets the funny. 
good As 'Monsters vs. Aliens' demonstrates, 3-D technology is finally coming into its own, used to create a dazzlingly lifelike spectacle that seems to jump off the screen and into the theater beside you. 
good Do see this movie in 3-D if you can, and don't hesitate to send the kids; there's just enough silly humor to keep them happy. 
bad a clear example of sensational style over underbaked substance 
bad While it has a crisp 3-D look and nice vocal performances, this action-comedy will seem fresh only to 8-year-olds -- though it may give parents an excuse to introduce some of the '50s horror movies it parodies. 
fair A wispy-thin but suitably quick-witted homage to the science-fiction genre, Monsters vs. Aliens is not up to par with the best of Pixar and Disney, but it is a step in the right direction. 
fair The latest computer-animated production from DreamWorks is a perfectly acceptable family movie. 
good An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format. 
bad A pleasant experience that's never annoying but also rarely more than mildly thrilling. 
good Visual gimmicks and puns change from decade to decade, but worthwhile ideals go on forever. 
very_bad The result traffics in rote truisms (love the skin you're in; leave no man behind; etc.) that are admirable but perfunctory. 
good Visually awesome and eye-popping, particularly if you catch it in IMAX 3_D. 
fair Monsters vs. Aliens is possibly the most commercial title of the year. How can you resist such a premise, especially if it's in 3-D animation? Very readily, in my case. 
good Monsters vs. Aliens may lack a bit of heart, but it more than compensates with intelligent humor. 
bad Monsters vs. Aliens has amazing 3D, solid gags, wacky concepts and great animation; I just wish that at some point along the way someone had been as passionate about the story as they were about the spectacle. 
good The movie ably disguises its conventional kids' fare premise in a clever satiric shell. 
bad A surprisingly dull affair. 
bad A 3D animated family film that allows us to cheer for a female superhero and her companions. 
bad A lightweight saga about not being a doormat to egomaniacal men and embracing your, um, inner superpowered 50-foot-tall monster? 
bad If the difference between a movie and an ad is substantial character, excitement and story, then Monsters vs. Aliens is officially a toy commercial. 
good The script -- an affectionate spoof of 1950s sci-fi -- is funny, exciting (especially in IMAX 3-D) and has a nice visual texture. 
good Funny, insouciant and loaded with charm, Monsters vs. Aliens is the kind of blockbuster spectacle you wish came along every summer. 
good ...has a shlocky, sci-fi title that's straight from the 1950s, and the more affection you have for that period, the more you'll appreciate the movie. 
very_good There's something about Susan. 
good The humor is dry, the sentiment unapologetic, and the absurdity sublime 
bad Though the movie's action beats are underdeveloped, they've successfully poured all of their creativity into making us laugh. 
very_good I liked it more than anything Pixar has made the last five years. 
fair Sure, the film is sweet and harmless but, take away the 3D, and all you're left with is a generic kids' movie. 
good Don't overthink Monsters vs. Aliens. Just enjoy it. 
good The action scenes are downright thrilling, the storytelling is brisk and witty, the homages to alien and monster movies funny and affectionate. 
fair Cute and clever and often entertaining, but never quite lives up to the potential of the premise nor is it as funny as you might hope based on the talent involved. 
best While the jokes take a back seat to the action in the film's big climax, there are earlier moments that rank among the most fighting-for-breath funny stuff I've seen at the movies in ages. 
bad This film knows the lyrics, but not the music. 
terrible Absent the actual music, Notorious would be a lot worse. 
fair Though it never quite devolves into pure hagiography, the film's central tale of crack dealer made good is sometimes a little too hokey for its own good. 
terrible You've heard of laundering money? Well, this film biography of rapper Notorious B.I.G. has all the earmarks of--not monetary but morality cleansing. 
fair [An] intermittently entertaining but thoroughly conventional Biggie biopic. 
bad While the script provides ample illustrations of Wallace's tough life, there is not enough focus on what set the recording star apart from his peers or why he became so incredibly popular so quickly. 
good A swaggering delve into the life of the biggest of all rappers. 
bad It isn't the most subtle movie, with characters constantly spelling out the big message - in order to change the world, you first have to change yourself. 
very_bad A hagiographical whitewash. 
bad For his legions of fans there's nothing new to discover about their flawed, but musically gifted, hero in a movie that, for them at least, will only serve to add to his legend. 
bad Now in blows the myth of the myth: a brashly entertaining biopic. 
very_bad This team have smoothed over the details of Biggie's rags-to-riches ascent, they haven't succeeded in making it terribly interesting. 
very_bad This film by George Tillman Jr is less about the street politics and more about the slushy soap opera going on at home. 
terrible This is Hollywood hagiography at its most patronising and preposterous - a product, as well as a celebration, of a diseased, materialistic culture. 
bad Fans of Biggie will find a thrill in watching Jamal Woolard bring him back to life after death. 
very_bad A hip hop hagiography that plays like a straight-to-TV movie. 
very_bad As mainstream hip hop becomes ever more predictable, so do the biopics about its stars. 
bad Notorious is undeniably entertaining and Woolard's excellent, but ultimately the film buys a little too much into hip hop's frequent misogyny and Wallace's enforced sainthood. 
very_bad This is an MTV-friendly, slick and styled production that tells one version of a very murky story and does it with plenty of energy but little imagination. 
bad It's ultimately a generic music biopic. 
very_bad Notorious plays even more conventional than Eminem's 8 Mile or 50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin', with its TV movie predictability (rueful voiceover and all) taking the gangsta out of gangsta rap. 
very_bad Shooting shy of scandal, Notorious turns the life of Biggie Smalls into an off-the-peg cautionary yarn. Aside from Woolard's larger-the-life lead turn, it's strictly B.I.G. for beginners. 
bad A fitfully fascinating rise-and-demise yarn that will probably leave hip-hop fans underwhelmed while also alienating middlebrow audiences hoping for an inspirational night out. 
bad Although guilty of assuming too much pre-knowledge on the viewer's part, it's a solid rap opus that snarls down Eminem's 8 Mile with heavyweight confidence. 
bad Before giving in to sentiment, the film struggles to make us like this talented man who never quite grew up. 
very_bad It's bang-average biopic fodder but fans will enjoy the attention to detail and hearing Biggie tracks on a cinema soundsystem. 
bad A watchable, if admittedly one-sided, biopic with a handful of strong performances, though it rarely scratches the surface of its subject and wears out its welcome long before the end. 
fair Jamal Woolard is an inspired piece of casting in the title role, not disguising sweetness behind the macho and arrogant gangsta facade. 
bad the first drama about a hip-hop star's personal and professional life, rather than the culture itself, and it is worthwhile. 
fair Even though it brings little that's new or innovative to the table, "Notorious" is a must for anyone even moderately interested in the history of hip-hop in the 1990s. 
good It's always interesting to watch real life unfold. 
very_good Notorious is a well-made, compelling, and ultimately humane film, even if you don't like rap music. 
bad I never bought into the chase-your-dream theme. The dream that Biggie sought was not anything that Martin Luther King would have taken pride in. 
bad Biggie lived a HUGE life in only 24 years, but this film has two hours and never sells me. Isn't selling what Sean 'Puffy' Combs is supposed to be an expert at? 
best A relentlessly-unapologetic immorality play about a bona fide ghetto gangsta' apt to entertain even Joe Six-Pack to the extent Middle America is inclined to buy into the Hip-Hop Generation's mantra, 'Don't hate the playa, hate the game.' 
bad [Director] George Tillman Jr. and the two unknown film writers...are burying you in minutiae and putting way too much of a positive spin on the life of a common thug. 
bad I kind of expect a puff piece with Sean Combs as the producer... pun intended. 
bad Gritty, affecting rapper biopic is too intense for kids. 
bad Notorious sticks pretty well to the actual events of Biggie's life, at least the famous ones, but it has little to say about the man that's not available on his Wikipedia entry. 
fair Notorious is like a piece of well-crafted bling. It looks good, and facets of it shine, but behind the gilded facade there's not much there. 
fair This tale of triumph and tragedy within hip hop's elite is intelligent, gripping and far less sensationalistic than anyone could have expected. 
good When it comes to the outsized character at its center, Notorious is the rich, complicated and affectionate tribute he deserves. 
fair The best thing about Notorious is its across-the-board, excellent cast, especially the soulful Woolard and Mackie's mesmerizing work as the complex Shakur. 
fair Lacks the irresistible bump of Biggie's music and the flow of his rhymes; unlike Wallace, the filmmakers don't create anything fresh from the elements 'sampled' from the art (in this case, musical movie biographies) of the past... 
bad It must have been an act of great restraint for Sean Combs to resist titling this film, about Chris Wallace, his close friend turned rapper and cultural icon, The Notorious B.I.G. -- The Sean Combs Story. 
good The film might have been just another middling musical biopic had the lead role not been so perfectly cast. 
very_bad No fire in this tale about one of rap music's most notorious shooting stars. 
good George Tillman Jr.'s film may follow the well-worn path of many a musical biography. But spot-on casting, a light touch around the edges and affection for its subject makes this warts-and-all look at the big man with the big hits a winner. 
fair The script lets too much slide, and director George Tillman Jr. -- whose biggest films have been Soul Food and the Barbershop franchise -- abets it. 
bad The film takes a greatest-hits approach to its subject's life story, condensing his rise to fame, fall from grace and steps towards redemption into an easily digestible narrative that entertains, but rarely enlightens. 
good Closer to Scorsese than Scarface, Notorious gives a heartfelt yet clear-eyed sendoff to the late Brooklyn rapper Christopher Wallace, aka Biggie Smalls aka the Notorious B.I.G. 
good It's unlikely there will be a better dramatization of the Biggie Smalls story than this one. 
bad Notorious obviously loves its protagonist, but the movie can't get past its own starstruck awe. 
fair Notorious has a fine time along the way, with Woolard channeling the rapper's sweetness and wit as comfortably as his pathos. 
fair Notorious is hagiography with guns, grass and flesh, but it's a kind of whitewash all the same. 
bad Notorious is slightly better than the average hip-hop biopic (50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin' among them). But the Great American Hip-Hop Film is still out there somewhere, waiting to be told. 
good The performances and the passion fueling this film are astounding. 
good A vivid biopic of the larger-than-life rap star that doesn't require you be a big fan of the genre. 
bad This flick smoothes out the roughest edges, drains off the rawness and blandly retraces the narrative arc of every musical biopic since The Jazz Singer. 
bad Notorious, directed by George Tillman Jr. with a sentimental touch, seems torn. 
good If you give this fictionalized film biography a try, you may find yourself caught up in his troubled and complicated rise to prominence -- like me. 
fair An enjoyably ridiculous entertainment about a pursy young man with mysterious sex appeal who turns the rap world on its ear. 
good [Director Tillman has] imbued Biggie's story with emotions that bring home the full arc of a tumultuous, complicated life. That's why you don't have to love hip-hop to be glad you've seen Notorious. 
good Although one may question how objective it is, considering it's produced by Wallace's mother and Sean "P. Diddy" Combs, 'Notorious' is explosive, fun and entertaining. 
fair I can honestly see people hating this film but for fans of Biggie's music like myself, the film is a great memorial to one of the best rappers ever. 
fair The film's unhurried, uncompressed feel yields many juicy moments worth savoring. 
bad Anyone looking for a dispassionate, evenhanded account of the life of Biggie Smalls will be disappointed, perhaps even dismayed, by Notorious. 
very_bad This is a disappointingly conventional film that offers up all the key moments of B.I.G's life and a lot of his music but which fails at making the case for the ultimate importance of either one. 
bad Notorious doesn't quite convey how hip-hop felt in the '90s ... (but) it manages to put a few new scratches and stutters into the beats and breaks of the conventional pop-star movie. 
very_good An evocative recreation of a decade-past (!) time in music whose creative, cultural, and social influences continue to resonate in the landscape today. 
very_bad If Notorious was meant to play as tragedy, it misses that mark by leaps and bounds. It's difficult to weep for a person who lived the years he was given as a rotten, big-headed soul with few, if any, redeeming qualities. 
terrible We may never find out who killed Tupac and Biggie, but whoever made this movie could be guilty of assassinating their memories and character 
terrible ignores what Biggie was, a great artist who believed in the power of storytelling, and transforms him into the flawed saint that he never was and, more importantly, never wanted to be 
fair It's as if the filmmakers didn't trust Woolard to carry the emotional weight of Wallace's story. They should have. 
bad The film's Achilles' heel proves to be this sense of survivor's guilt that's too often M.I.A. 
bad Notorious won't ever be mistaken for investigative journalism, but it will help solidify Wallace's legacy as a hip-hop innovator while also explaining it all to those who were unaware and providing a sentimental re-creation for the legions of fans. 
fair Notorious is an efficient biopic, and a celebratory exercise in nostalgia for hip-hop fans of a certain age. 
fair Even when this 'authorized' movie biography makes you long for the 'explicit' version, Woolard's tour de force finds the human details that forged an artist and lets Biggie fly. 
fair What really saves Notorious are the performances of rapper Jamal Woolard, who captures some of The Notorious B.I.G.'s playful charm, and newcomer Naturi Naughton, who dazzles early on as the fiery Lil' Kim. 
fair The rare music biopic that leaves you not just humming the songs but thinking about life and death, the strategy of fame, and the business of the business. 
very_good Notorious is a good film in many ways, but its best achievement is the casting of Jamal Woolard, a rapper named Gravy, in the title role. 
bad If there's a guide book on how to create a standard rags-to-riches music biopic, the makers of Notorious must have memorized every page. 
good Biggie is played well by newcomer Jamal Woolard, who not only looks the part but has the moves of a slick street rapper down. 
bad What's most annoying about Notorious is that whatever bad thing that Biggie ever does gets paved over by the end of the film. 
good In the first surprise of this short year, this little movie about a big rapper is a worthy testament to the man who would be B.I.G, and the first truly good Hip Hop biopic. 
good Kicks off with the usual rapper braggadocio of a childhood on the cutthroat street corners, then slyly cuts to a chubby A-student nerd known as "Chrissy-poo" to mom Voletta. 
bad The untold side of the story haunts the frames of this standard-issue biopic. 
very_bad Notorious delivers nothing but clumsy filmmaking and a greatest-hits checklist, without offering insight into the man or his myth. If you don't know now...you still won't know. 
terrible If there's something praiseworthy about Notorious, it's that it pulls off the remarkable, ignominious feat of making its deceased subject less likeable than one remembers. 
good Enjoyable first film in the "talking baby" genre. 
good With his sarcastic delivery, Willis has the ideal voice for the part. Alley and Travolta are affable enough, but the story itself is ordinary and merely passes time. 
bad A stale idea that actually works, largely due to the capable cast 
bad surprisingly funny 
very_bad Better than its sequels -- that's not saying much. 
very_bad Grating but surprisingly popular 
bad It's a gimmick, but it works. 
terrible Cute is the operative word for the movie, which stars some good actors doing material that is not super. 
bad A cute movie that heralded the return of Travolta and unfortunately also spawned a franchise that would not die. 
good Travolta merges into middle age in this surprisingly winning family comedy. 
bad The audience around me found it funnier than I did; for me, Look Who's Talking is a one-joke movie that wears out its welcome rather quickly. 
good This fairly unlikely idea for a movie turns into a warm and lovable comedy, although I still don't think it needed the voiceovers from the baby. 
bad The Living Matrix will convince you to try alternative medicine. But you're left to figure out the next step on your own, and the 'science' presented here is in the form of conclusions and illustrations, rather than data. 
good An intelligent consideration of a thorny subject, fueled by three great central performances. 
terrible It's the cinematic equivalent of having a saccharine-coated tongue depressor jammed down your throat. 
bad Keith Sample's film aspires to the innocent charm of a newlywed comedy like Barefoot in the Park, but gets bogged down in witless sex jokes. 
terrible This may not be the worst romantic comedy of the year, but surely it's the flattest. The thing has no energy. It just lies there, waiting to be kicked. 
terrible On paper, infertility would seem a distasteful subject matter for light comedy. On screen, it only gets worse. 
bad It's as compelling as a car commercial, as deep as a diaper pail. 
very_bad The direction is unfocused and the end result is patchy. 
terrible This astonishingly inept romantic comedy ignores the most basic rules of character development, and demands that the Robertsons do and think things so stupid and venal that it's the next best thing to impossible to like or care about them. 
very_bad With the exception of Joan Cusack, who really needs a movie of her own -- and must stop playing best friends, wives and secretaries of main characters -- this is a waste of seven bucks. 
very_bad We're so bored with these two we wouldn't care if they never shared a cab, much less a family. That, in case you've forgotten, is not how romantic comedies are supposed to work. 
terrible What eventually makes "A Smile Like Yours" unbearable is, like a phone call from a vapid neighbor, the blessed thing just won't end! 
terrible It's actually fairly impressive how generic and predictable A Smile Like Yours turns out to be. 
bad Vacillates uncertainly between unfunny farce and ineffectual melodrama. 
terrible Writer-director Keith Samples has pieced together scraps of bad sperm jokes, an inane 'rags-to-riches' story line, and a boring extra-marital affair for 'intrigue.' 
terrible I felt something close to actual physical pain watching likable stars Greg Kinnear and Lauren Holly slowly drown in the dismal pit of this bungled romantic comedy. 
terrible It's hard to know who A Smile Like Yours will appeal to. 
good [Holly is] a delight. Kinnear's even more appealing. 
very_good An investment that has paid off by producing an unexpectedly lyrical and poetic portrait. 
good Marion Cajori makes a brave attempt to grapple with a subject who resists explanation; while she may not always succeed, the journey is frequently illuminating. 
very_bad Despite Bourgeois's on-camera effusiveness, this film suffers a little from curtailing much background information; but fans of Bourgeois as a personality will find a lot to like here. 
best The film stands alone as a remarkable achievement, as intimate a portrayal of a living artist as one could ask for. And a likeable one at that. 
fair One sonorous waltz through an enchanted domain. 
good Remembrances by aides and relatives plus antique photos and close-ups of her work -- including her iconic giant spiders -- round out the loving film. 
bad Frequently roving around and taking awe at Bourgeois's massive artwork, the filmmakers may understand the artist as a woman and a living creature but they often treat her as if she herself were a museum piece. 
very_good Art world iconoclast, feminist icon, cranky old Frenchwoman with a sharp tongue and a gothic family history: Artist and sculptor Louise Bourgeois is all these things and more. 
very_good This uncommonly elegant and evocative portrait of Louise Bourgeois reveals much about the haunting and haunted master while leaving intact the thing you cannot explain. 
good The movie is seriously smile-worthy, largely due to the sheer number of jokes throughout. 
good Gunn doesn't so much reinvent the wheel as reshape it a little, giving the rest of the vehicle a fresh lick of paint in the process. 
very_good I had more fun watching Guardians of the Galaxy than I've had in a long time. 
bad In proper "who gives a toss?" B-movie tradition, Guardians of the Galaxy takes us into the silly section of the Marvel Universe. 
very_good The screenplay does an exceptional job of incorporating this film into the pre-existing and percolating Marvel cinematic universe. 
good With its fantastic ensemble of characters and great sense of humor (not to mention an incredible soundtrack), it rises above the standard formula to make an entertaining and thrilling ride that leaves a lasting impression. 
good Gunn has done a marvelous job of character development with a large cast of unknown comic-book roles. 
very_bad Guardians of the Galaxy exists solely to advertise its own as-yet-unmade sequels. 
best Larger-than-life and dangerously explosive, they're so funny that boys and girls will love the film in equal measure. 
good Once again, we get an against-the-odds, mid-air battle among exploding skyscrapers and fleeing extras. But it's beautifully realised in eye-popping 3D. 
good There are obvious touchstones here in Star Wars and Indiana Jones, but Gunn allows his influences to inform rather than define the film. 
good Guardians Of The Galaxy is deliriously, insanely its own thing, possessed of an idiosyncratic, intimate sense of humour and a magnificently diverse cast, all of whom find exactly the right tone of low-key commitment. Everything fits. 
very_good Guardians of the Galaxy is right up there with The Avengers as a movie that delivers all the fun and action you want from a superhero adventure. &#8233; 
good There's plenty of action, of course, but it's the heart and humor, delivered consistently throughout Guardians of the Galaxy, that make this tongue-in-cheek space opera the perfect fit for the 21st Century. 
very_good The most fun film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and a fine start to a new era. 
very_good It's overstuffed with effects and incident, but it looks great, it feels fresh and it's sometimes laugh-out-loud funny. 
very_good Director James Gunn tosses together a dizzying blend of superhero bravado, outer-space adventure and off-the-wall comedy that introduces the strangest and most enjoyable bunch of rogues ever to inhabit the same spaceship. 
fair The plot is bonkers, and there's way too much CGI, but the core little group of disparate characters manage to latch themselves to you, and you're in. 
good Gunn has helped take a relatively unknown property and made a film that will surely help blast these incredible characters to a level of fame that will spread across the galaxy. 
best Bravo James Gunn; he took a lesser-known comic book and spun it into the most entertaining ride I've had all year. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy isn't just a fun-filled, laugh-filled, ripping space fantasy comedy, it's one of the best, most crowd-pleasing blockbusters in years. 
good If blockbusters are the cinematic equivalent of junk food, then 2014 has been a goddamn ice-cream sundae, and Guardians is the bright, sickly sweet cherry sitting on top. 
bad The cast are clever at filling in the gaps the story has to carry, with the romantic attraction between Peter and Gamora, which begins with some hearty hand to hand combat, given more emotional weight than the dialogue allows for. 
good It all happens about 100 times faster than the original Star Wars while taking itself about 1,000 times less seriously than the Star Wars prequels. 
bad The film begins to stumble, then, once the focus shifts to a narrative that's almost distractingly convoluted... 
best A piece of wit that makes it's own niche within the genre. This galactic treat is new world. 
very_good Haters STFU, 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is cinematic nirvana... 
fair It might ultimately break down to nothing but empty calories, but it is always full-on fun. I repeat: always. 
bad Fans... will delight in the wisecracks offered by Rocket (Rocky Raccoon) or the profundities of Groot. 
good I think they've really created characters, James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Pearlman, and I think the screenplay is really lovely. 
good ...Groot easily steals the show...equal parts 'Farscape,' 'Firefly,' and the few family-friendly parts of 'Pitch Black' while putting an original spin on it. 
bad ... retro space opera plays more like a bad spoof of a 'Star Wars' spoof &#8210; and even then it's closer to 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' than 'Spaceballs.' 
good Hovering between irony and sincere enthusiasm, the film is above all a triumph of tone. 
good An exciting thrill-ride that strikes a brilliant balance between jaw-dropping space scenes, anarchic wit and bountiful belly laughs. 
bad Like so many elements of this film, this narrative arc is all too familiar. But it's fun to watch it played out with such B-movie gusto. 
fair Think a wild ride through an amusement park with five crazy friends. Or Star Wars meets Flying High. 
good What makes James Gunn's scruffier and un-spandex'd band of reluctant heroes so appealing is how they approximate the good-hearted rogues on the raggedy charm of space westerns like Joss Whedon's own "Firefly". 
good The best Star Wars film since 1980. 
good When Guardians of the Galaxy is firing on all cylinders, you'll think there's nothing better in this world, or any other. 
fair Far more lively than anything in the last three Star Wars; it's far closer in the constellation to the jokey heroism of Joss Whedon's Serenity than George Lucas's New Age sky-piloting. 
bad Outre, cheerful, yes... but wake me up when the Doctor Strange movie is ready. 
bad Guardians of the Galaxy is the brave new world of cinema. 
very_good A mad act of absurd genius. 
good Rip-roaring, irreverent and so much fun, Guardians of the Galaxy succeeds in not only introducing and connecting these relatively unknown characters into the Marvel pantheon, but in making it one of the most enjoyable and unforgettable of the bunch 
best The most purely entertaining movie of the summer. 
good Director and co-writer James Gunn brings a giddiness and a wondrous, endless sense of why-the-hell-not? possibility that's reminiscent of Star Wars. 
good It's the movie's rollicking good cheer that ultimately might help endear it to folks who otherwise wouldn't know the Guardians' Rocket Raccoon from The Beatles' Rocky Raccoon. 
good Sci-fi hasn't been this fun since Star Wars and it hasn't been this funny since Galaxy Quest. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy may blast off another successful franchise for Marvel, but it has a few parsecs left to go before it can truly claim greatness. 
very_good There have been few must-see films of the 2014 summer season, but Guardians of the Galaxy is definitely one. 
good Goofy, energetic, space-faring fun. 
very_good Guardians of the Galaxy is a total treat - funny, exciting, filled with great effects, and containing a few welcome moments of emotion. This is the Marvel movie I can see myself watching again and again. 
very_good The audience applauded. All ages, all walks of life, got hooked on a feeling - a feeling of delight - that 'Guardians of the Galaxy' delivers. 
best With the freedom afforded by the obscure source material, Gunn reminds us that blockbusters don't have to take themselves too seriously. 
fair Guardians succeeds when it proves the Marvel formula is malleable; it fails when it discovers that formula is not yet malleable enough. 
good A rollicking carnival ride halfway across the universe and back that leaves you with a big, goofy, satisfied smile when it's over. 
good By Friday night, anyone who has seen this first "Guardians" will be speaking volumes about all its future possibilities, especially big-name actors scampering to hop aboard for a potentially huge and long franchise ride. 
bad Entertaining, clever and often quite funny. 
good Marvel's sci-fi adventure has it all: laughs, action, charm. 
very_good A Marvelous sci-fi adventure that flies by in a whoosh of nimble action and colorful characters. 
good By playing with sci-fi and comic book cliches and assembling a charismatic and likeable cast, Guardians of the Galaxy is a welcome return to form for Marvel. 
very_good [It's] the first of the MCU properties that didn't feature a major Marvel character. Surprise, surprise, when you make the most enjoyable space opera romp since The Fifth Element, name recognition just doesn't matter. 
bad Where it does work is in the lightness of touch director James Gunn brings to proceedings. 
bad While not all superhero films are created equal, this comic-book space adventure adaptation is just good enough. 
very_good By refusing to follow the usual formula, filmmaker James Gunn has made Marvel's best-yet movie, a summer action-adventure that provides more cinematic fun than the rest of the year's blockbusters rolled into one. 
good After a summer of slick, seamless superhero, monster and robot blockbusters, there's certainly something to be said for a movie that feels reckless and messy. 
very_good "Star Wars" for a new generation. 
good Gunn delivers a pageant of eye candy splashed with the primary-color palette of his funnybook source material. He has the aesthetic down, if not always the mechanics. 
very_good It's like watching a 'Star Wars' movie filled with nothing but Han Solos. 
good It taps into what the first three Star Wars films knew and the next three forgot: big heart and a sense of humor are what keep heavy machinery running smoothly. 
good There's lots of action, incredible 3D, all the bells and whistles audiences expect from a tentpole film. But it's the brilliant humor that will help Guardians undoubtedly be one of the biggest hits of the year. 
good I could watch a "Guardians" movie that's just the five of them sitting around a table with a pitcher of beer and a deck of cards. Hard to say that about the X-Men. 
bad If you want a superior successor to Red Dwarf, Blake's 7, Star Wars and, yes, Scooby Doo then look no further. There are worse things. 
good Finally, some jokey superheroes. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy is an open fire hydrant of a summer movie: more fun than should be allowed in such hot weather. 
best A wisecracking raccoon is saving the summer. 
good Um filme que se permite rir das proprias bobagens, mas que, para isso, adota uma estrategia narrativa inteligente. 
good It turns out to be the goofy and action-packed antidote to most of the summer's blockbusters. 
good I'm disappointed that I didn't like it as much as everyone else, but that doesn't mean I didn't like it. I thought it was fun. It's decent. It just didn't blow my socks off. 
very_good Gives the summer a nice adrenaline shot. 
good Though based on a comics series launched in 1969, "Guardians" comes on with a hip, absurdist humor that feels thoroughly modern. 
good This swashbuckling space age romp treats saving the universe as just a bit of fun. Very refreshing and probably just as well. 
good The breezy, character-piloted Guardians of the Galaxy shows a Marvel comics film need not offer big stars (at least visible ones) to entertain. 
fair Good versus evil's romp through space reeks of Star Wars and Star Trek, with a worse plot and better effects. 
good The characters are great and the movie is often very funny. 
best Entertaining in this or any galaxy. It's certainly the most fun I've had in a theater this year. 
bad It favors jokes and general weirdness over heroism and action, and it's less indebted to Star Wars than the cheap, junky Star Wars knock-offs that followed in its wake. 
bad As directed by James Gunn, Guardians of the Galaxy never takes itself seriously and it's often a visual and musical treat. The Runaways' Cherry Bomb and David Bowie's Moonage Daydream? Yes, please. 
very_good Without being shackled to fanboy expectations of how iconic costumed characters should be depicted, filmmaker James Gunn ("Super") runs wild with the opportunity. 
very_good a rip-roaring good time 
good The motley crew's repartee makes for comedy that's surprisingly consistent, yet freewheeling and sharp enough to pinball from Kevin Bacon to Jackson Pollock and back. 
good Lurches along a bit awkwardly, but always with utterly dazzling visuals and a goofy gag at the ready. 
fair If nothing else, Guardians feels like an invigorating throwback to the pop-culture properties that were Saturday-morning staples in the 1980s. 
good What a joy it is to be present at the birth of a new franchise! Like human birth, it's messy and emotional and full of promise. And as long as there are no problems with the delivery, it's a fresh start. 
very_good What sounds like a strained miscalculation turns out to be one of the most shamelessly enjoyable pranks ever pulled by a multibillion-dollar entertainment conglomerate. This is what happens when blockbuster filmmaking sits on a whoopee cushion. 
fair You can have the Avengers' supergroup of professional heroes and egos: I prefer the Guardians' garage band -- rowdy and rough-edged and a real family. 
fair This movie lacks the charm and genre affection that Galaxy Quest provided in buckets. 
good For all that doesn't work, a lot does and hopefully with time and distance, Gunn and his collaborators can chuck all of the non-silly stuff they just don't need for Guardians 2. They've got a firm foundation to build off of. 
best If you're old enough to remember when sci-fi and comic books were fun, "Guardians of the Galaxy" will be your new favorite movie. If you're not, it will set a standard for everything you see. 
very_good Guardians of the Galaxy does the impossible. Through dazzle and dumb luck, it turns the cliches of comic-book films on their idiot heads and hits you like an exhilarating blast of fun-fun-fun. 
very_good It's been billed as the most out-there, bizarre and wacky of all the Marvel Studios films. Fortunately for comic book fans and audiences looking for a little something different it exceeds expectation to be the most fun-filled Marvel movie yet. 
fair It's like the silly, superhero-loving kids goofing off in the back of the classroom looked at The Avengers and X-Men and declared, "Hey, how hard can it be to save the world? Let's do it too!" 
bad Marvel may not see Guardians as its prize asset, but this could be the start of a truly awesome franchise. 
best What is most appealing about "Guardians" is its swagger and devil-may-care panache. ... 
good What does work is everything about the Guardians themselves, and almost everything that comes out of their mouths. 
bad There's a strong, likeable start to Guardians of the Galaxy, but from there, the movie begins a persistent slide into anonymity. 
good It's preposterous, ridiculous, bizarre. Whatever. It's not the most accessible Marvel outing, and it'll take the fanboys to spread the word; Guardians of the Galaxy is balls-out fun. 
bad In place of wit, "Guardians" offers a sort of generalized willingness to be amusing, an atmosphere of high spirits that feels like lots of people pumping air into a tire that has a hole in it. 
very_good "Guardians of the Galaxy" is pop film-making at its purest. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy is too loud, too long and too busy but - here's the good part - also wonderfully silly. 
good A fun, lighthearted confection that knows exactly what it wants to be and how to execute that mission. 
best It's the funniest of any Marvel movie yet, lending the film a lightness that goes a long way toward deflating the grandiosity that sometimes inflates and bloats the studio's films. 
very_good What Gunn does here better than any Marvel movie since the first "Iron Man" is to connect his movie with the reason fans love comic books in the first place: because they're fun. 
good In many respects, "Guardians" ... is a fun and relatively fresh space Western. 
fair I didn't care about the plot for a second- but I appreciated the over-arching spirit of fun. And the two CGI characters are the best parts of the movie 
bad After token story setting the movie goes up like a firework display. 
good It's looser, scruffier and more overtly comic than the average Marvel action fantasy. 
terrible "Guardians of the Galaxy" brings to mind some of the most unforgettable sci-fi event movies of the last 30 years. Alas, those films are "Howard the Duck" and "Green Lantern." 
best To see an expensive, big-studio movie freed from creative constraints and directorial cynicism is always a rare and wondrous experience. In a season of bloated indulgence, it's also fair to call it a marvel. 
very_good Watching the zippy, ebullient Guardians of the Galaxy, you wonder "Why can't all comic-book movies be this much fun?" 
fair A rollicking, B-movie-style adventure that doesn't need to rely on a cameo from the Avengers to secure its place in the superhero canon. 
bad The script has its moments but it lacks the unadulterated sense of fun that was so integral to many of the earlier Marvel movies. 
good A vivaciously crowd-pleasing space adventure. Of all of Marvel's many Phase I and Phase II projects tackled, "Guardians of the Galaxy" is, to date, the most alive with imagination and wonder. 
fair With its quirky humor, weirdly lovable characters, and eclectic soundtrack, there is no other Marvel film quite like Guardians of the Galaxy. 
bad ...so stuffed with pop-culture references that if you removed them the entire movie would likely collapse. 
best The diverse cast of characters allows for a level of satisfying entertainment that surpasses The Avengers. Guardians of the Galaxy is an extraordinary group of A-holes everyone can cheer for. 
very_good James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy is the best Marvel movie yet. I challenge anyone who would place Iron Man or The Avengers over this action-packed and thoroughly entertaining picture that is the definitive summer blockbuster. 
good Gunn absolutely nails the offbeat tone of the source material, creating a sort of punk rock Star Wars that delivers big on adventure and comedy with a thoroughly entertaining cast of characters. 
good A summer comic-book movie that effortlessly makes you feel like a wide-eyed, happy kid again. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy is solid summer fun - not the mammoth epic we have come to expect from each new Marvel release, but a welcome entry into a moribund movie season. 
good With a tone that lands closer to clever than snarky, GOTG represents the rare comic-book movie that's enjoyable with or without sound. 
very_good Really, "woo-hoo!" just about covers it. 
good The plot occasionally becomes overstuffed, perhaps packing in extraneous elements in order to set up future installments. Yet the zany script by director James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Perlman is sharply funny. 
best Iron What? Captain Who? The Guardians of the Galaxy are here to stay thanks to a Troma-bred filmmaker crazy enough to make the movie that such a fantastical comic deserves. 
terrible Marvel puts its heart on its sleeve with a story about the healing power of friendship, but that sleeve is stained with blood, spit, and other bodily fluids. 
fair For every scene that soars into the dizzying heights of the pop sublime, there's another that crashes back down into the mundane troughs of studio-mandated formula. 
good It delivers just what you'd want from a summer blockbuster. It is fast, it is fun and it is all but assured of making a mint at the box office -- and spawning sequels aplenty. 
good ...it has everything you want in a movie: thrills, chills, humor, heartbreak, romance, betrayal and really cool action sequences 
good Gunn... has found a way to bring funkiness and humanity to a galaxy-spanning blockbuster, one filled with dogfights and floating fortresses, but also with heroes quick with a quip, fast on the draw, and more than a little beaten up by the universe. 
very_good The movie knows that junk art is still art, that no one is more in need of something to speak for them than the inarticulate - and with that it takes the secret pull of comic geekdom and elevates it to a kind of bittersweet, obsessive romanticism. 
good ROFL 
very_good The Marvel Cinematic Universe was getting a little too safe and dangerously repetitive. Guardians of the Galaxy gleefully breaks all the rules. 
terrible Once touted as their riskiest film to date, it is artistically and politically as conservative a film as Marvel Studios has ever made. 
very_good It's the snarking and sniping among the principals that gives the picture its spark. 
best Guardians Of The Galaxy is one of Marvel's best films simply because it doesn't really feel like it's part of the Marvel universe at all. 
best Behold! "Guardians of the Galaxy" is the type of movie where every second sentence starts with "behold!" 
best Guardians of the Galaxy is the unranked underdog that stepped in the arena with the best comic book films ever made, and walked out of the ring with the belt. 
bad The film is terribly overstuffed and many of the jokes get drowned out by the special effects. 
good Enormous fun from beginning to end. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy is an absolutely crackling action-adventure film, a dazzling and engaging bit of optimistic sci-fi melodrama. 
good This space caper has its head in the clouds and its tongue, firmly in cheek. 
best From the opening credits to the final reel, there's a genuine swagger about the whole film. It exudes charm and confidence throughout, and is flippant in all the best possible ways. 
bad Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel-lite: a brisk and breezy superhero movie that provides plenty of visual spectacle and humour but is sometimes undermined by its own facetiousness. 
good To misquote Forrest Gump's mother, Guardians of the Galaxy is like a box of chocolates. Or rather, it's like a vast, family-sized festive crate of chocolates, all wrapped in the shiniest packaging, all exploding with sweetness and surprises. 
very_good Freewheeling, endlessly engaging, funny as hell, Guardians Of The Galaxy is a relentless crossfire of zingers and crazy visuals. 
very_good James Gunn succeeds at turning a relatively familiar and kinda dumb story into an impressively emotional and satisfying journey. 
best One of the most entertaining, fun, thrilling, heartfelt and beautiful summer blockbusters we've seen. 
good A rocking space odyssey that gate crashes Marvel's cinematic stable and instantly becomes the life of the party 
good Colourful, tongue-in-cheek fun, purpose-built for grown-up lovers of kitsch '80s science-fiction. 
fair I predict fans will eat this up, but I was hoping for something more accessible. 
good Mad, marvellous and all kinds of sci-fi magical, Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel's riskiest but most surprising success yet. 
best A near-perfect mix of action, humour, imagination and wondrous special effects. 
good A Marvel movie hasn't been this much fun to watch since the Avengers assembled. 
bad Whip-smart, pop-literate, self-aware humour saves the day (and the universe, come to think of it). 
good A brand new summer family blockbuster this may be, but it plays by old, half-forgotten rules; trimming out the clutter and cross-referencing for snappy, streamlined, Saturday-cartoon fun. 
fair Part George Lucas and part Chuck Jones, Guardians of the Galaxy has enough scrappy heart and smart humor to make it seem like the best possible kind of product, one where the talent of all involved makes it easy to enjoy their hustle. 
very_good Possibly one of the funniest (and strangest) Marvel movies yet, James Gunn and his cast deliver an infinitely entertaining space opera that's really something quite special. 
good On pure entertainment value, you'd be hard-pressed to find a movie this summer as good as Marvel's latest. 
good Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasant surprise from start to finish, an all-rounder of a blockbuster that excels in making us laugh as potently as it awes with its sensational action packed style. 
good A Kafkaesque nightmare scenario of dread and ambiguity rooted in the aimlessness of contemporary life. 
best A stunning examination of the effects of emotional isolation and the inability to communicate in the modern age. 
bad Michael Haneke could be cinema's Debbie Downer, if only he had any sense of humor. 
terrible A clumsy, anachronistic Western which casts Candice Bergen as a shrill female lead who's a lot more 1970 than 1864. Unconvincing. 
very_bad Bloody, overrated film that fails to stand the test of time 
bad 1970's message movie is one of first pro Native American. 
fair You didn't understand all of it? It went by too fast to take it all in? There was too much information to mentally digest? Yeah, well, that was kind of the point. 
bad Probes a significant subject but treats its people as mere stick figures carrying exposition from place to place. 
good Preferring probing questions to pat solutions, the film drills deep in its exploration of the US's ventures, both economic and military, in the Middle East. 
good The most troublesome part of Syriana is that the movie is, in fact, so easy to believe. 
very_bad Gaghan kapitulira pred holivudskim konvencijama te film zaklju%u010Duje spektakularnom, ali banalnom i krajnje neuvjerljivom zavr%u0161nicom 
bad Politically-paranoid, if well-intentioned, this disjointed message movie doesn't really do much more than indict the usual suspects. 
good Interesting and worth watching, despite the fact that complete comprehension of the film seems just beyond the reach of the viewer. 
good If there is any lesson the makers of Syriana want us to absorb, it is that we should trust no one where power and money are concerned. 
good Syriana really makes viewers work to try to understand the complexities involved in protecting (or resisting) U.S. interests in the Middle East. 
very_bad No one-sentence synopsis is possible, but here's a stab: A bunch of people, played by George Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Christopher Plummer and others, stalk around looking serious and doing stuff. 
good Demanding, even confusing at times, this is required viewing that requires your full attention. 
bad Un tenso e interesante thriller politico, si bien abrumador y por momentos confuso, sobre tema actual, con destacada labor de George Clooney. 
very_bad There is a weird absence of both dramatic heat and political light here. 
good [Syriana] fulfils all the key criteria of a decent political thriller - it'll make you angry, it'll make you think and it'll scare the hell out of you. 
very_good Adept at delivering macro and micro perspectives without moralism or conviction. 
good You'll come away exhausted, but also exhilarated. 
best Longe de representar uma experiencia emocional, o longa exige dedicacao ao espectador - e se voce estiver disposto(a) a mergulhar na discussao sera fartamente recompensado(a). 
good Stephen Gaghan signe une %u0153uvre necessaire qui arrive au bon moment pour agrementer un debat sans que cela ne paraisse trop opportuniste. 
fair A well-meaning, yet meandering and confusing political thriller. 
good Oil, war, global capitalism -- it's just not simple. It is by nature hard to understand. This picture gives you a sense of that complexity while it compels. Nice work. 
good A bleak and powerful movie, made all the more sobering by how much of it isn't fiction. 
bad I'm not afraid to say that I just don't get what all the fuss is about. 
best A potent legend of modern international relations. 
very_good Syriana reminds us that movies can be about ideas and that the challenge of a complex plot can be invigorating ... 
bad I did not understand a good deal of this film, and as a result, I found it nearly impossible to get engaged with the elements I did understand and I was unsurprised by many of the revelations purportedly sprung by this movie. 
fair There are few movies released by major studios these days possessed with as much intelligence and purpose as Gaghan's. 
fair The film throws so much information at you so quickly and so relentlessly that it's easy to become overwhelmed and confused. 
bad The cinematic equivalent of a sound bite. 
bad In movies I am always holding out for a hero. In this one, none appeared. 
good Rips its motivations from the front pages of our daily newspapers, blurring the line between reality and fiction with credible subplots and believable twists. 
best Rich, complex, multilayered and by turns maddening and depressing, Syriana emerges as one of the best films of the year. 
bad All you need to know is everyone is a bad guy in one way or another, they all want money and/or power, and they'll do anything to get it. 
very_good It has a lot on its mind, and is not afraid to speak. So much so, in fact, that it should serve as a good crash-course in international energy affairs for those unfamiliar with the subject. 
bad A film about going home and being good to your kids. 
best If you're looking for a feel-good move to get you into the holiday spirit%u2026 This isn't it. 
good The stories are all densely packed with detail and convincingly told. 
best It is a mesmerizing global economic and civics thriller that will - or should - start you thinking everytime you turn the ignition in your car. 
good If you enjoy complicated plots, you'll certainly get your money's worth at Syriana. 
best Gaghan, bless him, doesn't believe in dumbing things down 
very_good Takes the risk of losing its audience by interweaving four different storylines. 
good Gaghan advances the cast-of-too-many-characters in Stratego fashion, methodically moving them across a board riddled with oil-industry intrigues until they finally converge in the drama's explosive climax. 
fair One of the most exciting movies of the year. 
fair Not all of the stories on display here are as relevant or interesting as others. 
bad They're all pawns of the oil industry -- or rather, they're pawns of director Stephen Gaghan. 
bad The plots are not so much carefully interwoven as they are frantically blended, like a dubious cocktail whose true ingredients the bartender would like to hide. 
good While 'Syriana' takes much of its inspiration from current headlines, its greatest strength is not in how it reminds viewers of what they can see on a cable news channel but in how it can make its participants become convincingly human. 
good Some movies have everything going for them, except that little extra 'oomph'. 
very_good Watch closely and listen carefully during Syriana because Stephen Gaghan's movie is that rarity: a thinking person's drama. 
bad It's hard to get passionately swept away by a movie when you're struggling continually to figure out who's doing what to whom and why. 
bad The movie isn't terrible, many details are vivid, yet the depth is all sheen and display. It has some tough truths at heart, but its brain is a blurof fast cards dealt by an insecure croupier. 
fair An occasionally incomprehensible work that still manages to be captivating and consistently watchable. 
bad A political thriller should have a little mystery to it, but Syriana, while certainly noble in its ambition, is too indecipherable to add up to a great or even good movie. 
best Syriana is a challenging, thought-provoking work about the downward spiral of oil dependence throughout the world. It's just the thing to make you consider a hybrid for your garage or solar panels for your roof. 
good Gaghan asks us to piece together the story from the evidence onscreen, making the film almost an exercise in participatory investigative journalism. 
best Syriana is complex, engrossing, involving and depressing. Difficult to absorb, it is also difficult to accept, and it is one of the best films of 2005. 
good Syriana is a chillingly plausible bit of paranoia. 
best This is a great film from top to bottom and I can't recommend it more for the thoughtful movie fan. It's a great ensemble piece and a profound reflection of our own scary reality. 
good Syriana coolly dissects a system of duplicity, chicanery and corruption that has been in play for several decades now, and examines the consequences that it has borne. 
fair Syriana is an ambitious edifice, built with conviction and skill. But I'm not sure I understand it, and I'm not sure I care. 
best It forces you to intently watch and listen and ask questions, something that in the past six years has been skillfully portrayed as an unpatriotic response to an increasingly complex international scenario. 
good A gorgeous, well-acted (by a gaggle of successful directors, in Clooney, Tim Blake Nelson, and Thomas McCarthy), Soderbergh-y undertaking, but it's going to go over like a fart in church. 
very_good Syriana is a fascinating movie -- and a substantive and thought-provoking one -- but it does not necessarily attain greatness. 
good Intelligent, political, incensed, timely, and appropriately cynical. 
very_good An intelligent dissection of the business, politics, emotions and conspiracies of the global oil industry that edifies as much as it entertains. 
very_good Du cinema intelligent pour spectateurs intelligents. 
fair However it's Clooney's performance that will stick with you... One wishes his story was the focus of the film instead of one thread among many. 
good this movie could be the one where Clooney finally gets his due. 
fair Your enjoyment of this movie will be in direct proportion to your patience. If you can stand not knowing everything right now and wait for the story's threads to weave into a rug, Syriana makes for an engaging time. 
bad The problem with Syriana is not that it lacks good elements, but that it has no idea how them shape them into a comprehensible story. 
best Syriana is an endlessly fascinating movie about oil and money, America and China, traders and spies, the Gulf States and Texas, reform and revenge, bribery and betrayal. 
best Untangle the Gordian knot at the heart of Syriana and you find a riveting drama of succession. 
good Syriana is a caustic and cynical political thriller with a plot that occasionally confuses but a message that leaves no room for misinterpretation. 
bad Whether you follow the oil or the money, as drama Syriana is a dry well. 
bad Syriana is like a position paper, and scenes that should pull us in fall flat. 
bad You keep straining to understand the bits and pieces of information that you can make out, but it still adds up to a lot less than the sum of its parts. 
fair Syriana is an awards-season message in search of a movie. 
good The film's weary, politically wary vibe sticks with you. 
bad I suppose if I created a flow chart of characters and devoted a few solid hours to it, I could make some sense of ... `Syriana.' 
good Maybe they should give editor Tim Squyres something - if not an Oscar, then antacid tablets. 
very_good Gaghan's script wisely sticks to the human story as things twist and turn. 
good It's intelligent agitprop, a stimulating fireball that deserves to be the center of water-cooler conversation. 
terrible Convoluted, disjointed and extremely dull...amounts to a bunch of ciphers having esoteric conversations about who knows what. 
fair The result is both winning and problematic, though the positives sufficiently outweigh the negatives to make the result well worthwhile. 
fair For all of the movie's flaws, I still have an enormous respect for Syriana and all of the work that into it. 
terrible Certain to be on Osama Bin Laden's top ten best list of 2005. 
bad ...despite exceptional pacing it's so convoluted it is incomprehensible, except for George Clooney's message about America being the bad guy in the world. 
good Stephen Gaghan pulls it off by presenting an interesting menagerie of characters, a myriad of locations and a screenplay that overestimates rather than underestimates the audience's intelligence. 
good ...about as timely and captivating as modern issue-related cinema is likely to ever get. 
good Syriana is that rarest of animals -- the star-laden studio release that's all steak, no sizzle. 
very_good Syriana is a dense, layered film that is essentially this season's broccoli %u2013 it's good for you, and when prepared right (as Gaghan has), tasty. 
fair This is propaganda. There's no doubt about that. It's also very well done, there's no doubt about that either. 
best A powerful political thriller, striking a resonating chord with the oil-connected news that unfolds every day. 
good It's a troubling vision of how terrorism and 'martyrdom' occur on both sides of this ghostly war, and is both perpetrated and facilitated by the very forces enlisted to stop it. 
fair It leaves us gasping for air, scratching our heads and wondering if we've seen something truly important or something that just thinks it is. But at least it leaves us thinking. 
fair A crisply acted and occasionally exciting ensemble film undone by murky plotting and thin character development. 
good The stars are all good here ... (and they're aided by supporting work from dependable performers such as Chris Cooper, William Hurt and Christopher Plummer) and Clooney -- and his story -- really shines. 
best A complex, intriguing narrative about oil, terrorism, money and power. 
very_good Hugely ambitious, excellently acted and very challenging. 
fair The presence of George Clooney, Matt Damon and other fine actors helps you ignore your sense of descending ignorance as the movie unfolds. And the ending, when you think about it for a few days, does add up. 
good While it sounds glib to say that Syriana is educational at its best, I mean that as sincere praise. 
very_good A gripping thriller, a labyrinth of parallel plots, a moral message movie and a brutally realistic action picture. 
good Syriana isn't the perfect guide, but its torch probes the darkness further than most and shines brightly enough that blindness can no longer can be our excuse. 
fair It's intimidatingly intelligent, definitely not a time-waster, and challenges the viewer to keep up. But mashing in so many stories also serves to weaken the film as a whole. 
bad Damon again getting Gerry'ed out in the middle of nowhere encapsulates Gaghan's wandering around an issue that should leave us with something more substantial than one man trying to make sense of what just happened. 
very_good Syriana does for the oil industry what Traffic did for the drug trade. 
bad a fitfully engrossing and overreaching film that is both somehow too much and yet not enough. 
very_good Thought-provoking and unnerving, emotionally engaging and intellectually stimulating. 
very_good A fearless and ambitious piece of work, made with equal parts passion and calculation, an unapologetically entertaining major studio release with compelling real-world relevance, a film that takes numerous risks and thrives on them all. 
very_good It's a wake-up call. In today's environment, it's a rare thing to find a movie with interesting characters in dense, intelligent storylines, but that's what Syriana offers. 
very_good Somehow, the movie convinces you, through its strengths of characterization and atmosphere, that it's showing a little of how the world really works -- and that the world's dark machinations are every bit as sordid and pitiless as your worst suspicions. 
terrible I'm still waiting to see the film that was advertised in its great trailer. As actually released, the movie is completely dead. ... One of the worst films of the year. 
bad It has big ideas, but no pulse. 
best One of the best films of the year reveals the violence, the corruption, and the political chicanery involved in maintaining our addiction to fossil fuels. 
good Jamming too much into its 2 hours, pursuers of truth and controversy on film may well erect a statue to Clooney for bringing such material to us in an unadorned package. 
best No dry civics lesson, this fighting-mad film isn't just hot, it's incendiary. And no one gets off the hook. You see it with the exhilarating feeling that a movie can make a difference. 
bad As strong as the music is, there's not much tying Rent together; it's a series of sequences, not a story. 
terrible film, za razliku od predstave, daleko bolje isti%u010De jednodimenzionalnost i neuvjerljivost likova 
bad Recommended, but only for shut-ins who can't make it to a local live theater production of the play. 
bad For all the big themes Rent deals with -- love, death, injustice, community -- it still seems a bit superficial 
very_bad Fans of the original stage production won't be disappointed, but as a film it's frequently tedious and way too long. 
fair Beautiful cinematography and great acting assure an enjoyable experience for fans of the musical, but there are better options for people who don't already love it. 
very_bad It comes off like a sequel to the ever-annoying Fame where the kids never moved out of New York or learned anything from Debbie Allen. 
bad Even more universally entertaining than "Chicago"....the performances are sensational..you'll be definitely humming some of its tunes in the car ride home 
good Despite my frustration at the willful stupidity of some of the main characters, I had to just sit back and let all that beautiful singing wash over me. 
bad If you are a fan of the show, you will very likely enjoy the film. 
good What we're left with, in place of directorial pizzazz, is the sheer impact of the original show. 
fair Rent features an attractive cast, sharp lyrics, bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years 
terrible People are always jumping up on tables, bartops, any flat surface available, as if to say 'Who needs nice furniture? Let's scuff the world!' 
good The material is real, and Columbus goes at it head-on, moving from dialogue to song and back again without awkwardness or apology. 
bad Rent, for all its feel-good desperation and plague-battered bonhomie, arrives in theatres with the curious but unmistakable air of an artifact from another time, even another world. 
very_good "Rent" is worth saving up for. 
good Columbus has made his finest, most emotionally rich film yet. 
bad The outre flip side of Friends... Larson's Big Apple is smaller and seedier than most, and ripe for parody. 
fair For those who dig Larson's vision, Rent is a wild, emotional rush through the cold streets and tattered bodies and souls, with gripping music to boot. 
fair Although it is indeed an entertaining and noble attempt to bring the hugely popular Broadway musica Rent to the big screen, something is unfortunately lost in the translation. 
very_bad There were times where I was convinced that '525,600 minutes' wasn't a lyric, but the actual running time of the film. 
good Easy to like and even easier to hum. 
bad "Rent" needed to be directed by a Martin Scorsese or a Spike Lee, a director with both a gift for gritty material and a confidence and familiarity with shooting New York City. 
good while I can admire the film for its efforts, Rent comes across as a somewhat lackluster performance when compared to the stage version that I so dearly love. 
very_bad A stylistic mess all around. 
good Rent reminds me of the first Harry Potter in many ways, in that it's directed modestly well but without any flair or personality 
very_good The cast is uniformly amazing, but special mention must be made of Rosario Dawson, who's sexy as hell and a surprisingly great singer. 
good Rent works best as a centaur creation: half-movie, half-play, plunging into theater world in all its mindless, cheesy, sentimental splendor. 
bad RENT is mediocre and recommended only to those who can claim a familiarity with the play. 
very_bad A mediocre, unimaginative, inefficient filmmaker, Columbus delivers a Rent that isn't so much bad as perfunctory. 
very_bad something more is needed than a thumbed nose at convention to make a work dazzle and RENT, the movie, doesn't dazzle, in fact it's barely able to stifle a yawn 
fair 'Rent' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact... 
good Rent may not be the same transformative experience on film as it was on the stage, but Jonathan Larson's creation is strong enough to withstand a shift in mediums with plenty of its appeal still intact. 
bad Wait for the 'rent'-al. 
bad Onscreen, the musical numbers at times feel episodic and the narrative loses momentum. 
very_bad It seemed to be what a modern Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical would turn into if the characters were hooked on heroin and AZT. 
very_bad Yes, they may warble about poverty, AIDS and rebellion, but it's hard to care. 
good ...that rare musical that just might appeal to folks that ordinarily shun the genre. 
very_bad 'Five hundred twenty-five thousand, six hundred minutes.' These opening lyrical lines of Rent also seem to describe how long it takes for a viewer to sit through the movie. 
very_good Chris Columbus has managed to make his first great film. (this despite the odious characters who we're supposed to love) 
good Vibrant, energetic, exuberantly powerful 
fair In a stagy way, Chris Columbus' adaptation captures this Generation-X attitude toward relationships with pinpoint accuracy -- even if it captures little raw emotion. 
fair Director Chris Columbus has done what any smart filmmaker would do with a musical and let the songs dictate his movie. 
best When all is said and done, "Rent" is a celebration of life, no matter how you are forced to face it. ...a testament that all of us should live those 525,600 minutes like each one is our last. 
fair Most of the musical numbers aren't stylized (a natty tango number is an exception) but based in a Hollywood-gritty reality that at times feels silly. 
bad The scourge of rock-opera, a musical mutation that manages to combine the least savory elements of both with the advantages of neither. 
very_good If nothing else, the movie reveals Jonathan Larson's musical to be an illuminating time capsule of a wild period immediately before and after the scourge of AIDS. 
good Treasuring what Larson and his young cast did, Columbus has made it vital again, showbizzy but only sometimes corny. 
good Rent offers rambunctious rock 'n' roll moments not seen on-screen since Hair and Fame. 
best The strong cast matches a score and a script with enough rich humor and humanity to entice viewers. 
best Don't miss Rent. 
fair In terms of its music and lyrics Rent flickers more than it flames. 
very_bad They're saying Rent was of its moment. They're saying that moment has passed. So the point of making the movie is . . . ? 
fair Rent takes to the streets of New York and convulses in song and dance for nearly two solid hours. 
good Now a vastly larger audience has the chance to experience the masterwork of a prodigiously talented man who died far too young. 
bad Why is it that struggling artists who sing, paint or write about their struggles usually seem to produce the worst art? 
very_good RENT continues the excellence that Moulin Rouge and Chicago forged for the rebirth of the cinematic musical. 
very_good Inspired by La Boheme, its emotions are still operatic, but the score, for the most part, is good old rock 'n' roll. 
good Larson's music has been given an intoxicating urgency, and the performances are outstanding. 
fair The music and direction feel generic but the cast deserves credit for squeezing every possible drop of emotion out of the material. 
very_bad You'll hear more soul in your parents' scratchy collection of Ray Conniff albums. 
bad Too often seems like a late-season American Idol episode that's all Abdul encouragement without any Simon snarkiness. 
fair Besides these soaring, grand slam sequences, the film dips too often into thudding melancholy, lifeless numbers or dangling subplots. 
fair Rent falls betwixt and between the odd intimacy of theater and the glorious bigness of film -- and vice versa. 
fair [Columbus] launders the grit right out of Rent, choosing to give the movie the glossy and faux shadowy look of a Bud Light commercial. 
good If you fell in love with the big-hearted sentimentality of Rent when you saw it onstage, the film version will remind you why. 
good Definitely fits in the tearjerker category... so if you want something besides holiday cheer, there's no day like today to check this out. 
bad Yes, Rent is about penniless artists who can't afford to eat or pay their electric bills. But must their straits extend to the threadbare filmmaking, too? 
best If Rent works -- and most of the time, it does so flawlessly -- it is because it remains Rent. 
terrible Broad stereotypes engaged in shallow versions of complex issues. 
bad There's a moment in which Roger (Adam Pascal), the burnout rocker, singingly accuses Mimi of looking 16. She could have easily retorted, "You look 40." 
terrible No wonder these idiots are broke. 
fair Though the storyline is sparse and it's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be, there's still something about it that's hard to shake. 
fair If you have any appreciation for the art of the movie musical, Rent is pretty much a washout. 
terrible Rent is commodified faux bohemia on a platter, eliciting the same kind of numbing soul-sadness as children's beauty pageants, tiny dogs in expensive boots, Mahatma Gandhi in Apple ads. 
bad Rent showcases the hipster trend of getting nostalgic about grime and crime: it's slumtimental. 
fair Ultimately, the emphasis on flash disengages viewers from the story's emotional core, which is the exact opposite of what Larson intended. 
fair Chris Columbus's film affirms that Rent belongs in the pantheon of immortal musicals celebrating the self-dramatizing and resilient spirit of youth. 
fair Those who haven't seen Rent on the stage will sense they're missing something, and they are. 
fair [Afield] from its off-Broadway origins, but the intimacy afforded by the camera and...most of the original cast occasionally restore the emotional vitality of the piece. 
fair If nothing else, it's now a revisitable, visually represented document of a very good show. 
very_bad Think Angels In America crossed with Tommy created by someone with no training in the world of drama or songwriting. 
very_good Once it develops ... Rent is a moving, emotional film with some exciting music. 
good one of the most refreshingly exuberant films of the year 
fair The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts. 
good The soul of Larson's then-timely passion play is intact; bring on the Sing-A-Long version. 
best Viva la vie boheme. ...largely throws out the Hollywood rule book and remains refreshingly true to composer Jonathan Larson's Pulitzer-winning original. 
fair This is a well-constructed and achingly earnest movie that should be put in a time machine and sent back a decade, when it was relevant. 
terrible Whatever qualities powered Rent to its numerous theater awards and long run onstage are missing from this charmless floperetta. 
bad Without the immediacy you get from live theater, you're always going to feel at arm's length listening to people sing simple bits of dialogue like 'I'm so mad I don't know what to do,' or, um, 'Hello.' 
fair If Columbus had a concept for the movie, it's not evident, and many of his decisions feel random. 
very_good An emotional, exhilarating experience, Rent is alive with such boundless energy and joy that it is one of the year's most purely entertaining cinematic efforts. 
bad No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands. 
fair In a lot of ways the film treatment many fans have envisioned for years, and that's the problem; it doesn't quite communicate how special and affecting the material is to those unfamiliar with it. 
bad The film's reliance on too many thematically obvious (though marvelously belted) group songs delays evocative conversations like an overdue rent check. 
very_bad Proves that lame musicals tend to make even lamer movies. 
very_bad Get a job for God's sake, people, and bring back some better songs while you're out. 
bad [How is it?] Loud and shrill. Bring earplugs. Seriously. 
best Spend some of the 525,600 minutes allotted to you this year with this soulful rock musical and it will speak passionately to the romantic and rebel within you. 
best Mr. Columbus, I apologize for doubting in you! 
fair One would have to be made of stone not to respond to at least something in this vivid score, and it sounds marvelous. 
bad Seeing this musical journey reduced to a screen with speakers is like staring at the Mona Lisa through a layer of glass. It just doesn't have the same impact. 
good I haven't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980. 
fair ...generally comes off as an effective adaptation of Scott Phillips' admittedly superior novel... 
best When a lot of you tell me you want intelligent movies made by adults for adults, you're asking for movies like this one. 
very_good 90% cynicism / 10% hope, and it's jammed full of funny performances, dark divergences, and a low-key air of existential angst that you simply don't see in many multiplex movies. I love this one. 
bad There's an enjoyably pulpy vibe to The Ice Harvest, aided considerably by the performance of a flame-haired, throaty-voiced Connie Nielsen who vamps it up like a 1940s femme fatale. 
very_bad Both unfunny and rather gruesome 
terrible A total (bomb), the wrong project for almost everyone involved. 
bad ... the film's difficult genre straddling never quite congeals. 
bad A film populated by nasty characters who spend nearly 90 minutes doing nasty things to one another. That some of those things are darkly funny helps, but not enough to merit a viewing. 
good How I wish I hadn't seen "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" just days before I saw "The Ice Harvest." 
good ...An enjoyable early Christmas present... 
terrible Another barren black comedy that skates a thin line between bad taste and gift-wrapped stupidity. 
bad Feels too much like Coen Brothers Lite -- and it's too busy nailing down the cynicism to worry too much about the quirkiness that tends to make the Coens' work palatable. 
very_bad As an exercise in neo-noir, the film is surprisingly inert, and as a dark comedy, it fails to offer many laughs. 
fair Viewers are likely to leave this movie not having laughed as much as they expected, not having gotten as many thrills as they hoped for and ambivalent to the experience. 
good The Ice Harvest delivers a nice mix of humor, tension, and seediness. 
terrible The film's various elements lump together like so many strippers at a Christmas Party %u2013 clearly anomalous but trying to present a cohesive front. 
bad The Ice Harvest is like Sin City without the bold style and crooked smile, disgorging grisly bloodbaths without drawing artful things out of them. 
fair ... a thriller that's not very thrilling but is as violent as the best of them. 
fair Casting Cousin Eddie as a Mob heavy is the least of Harvest's comic genuius. 
good [T]he tired heist concept is considerably enlivened by excellent casting and behind-the-camera pedigree. 
bad [T]here's little to laugh at. 
bad Ramis keeps the action moving at a good pace, but his film lacks the manic menace of Fargo. 
good Delightfully seedy outing involves cold cash, hot women, cruel betrayal and Christmas Eve. 
very_bad The Ice Harvest is supposed to be a thriller with dark comic elements, but the movie stops being entertaining fairly early on, and none of its characters is even remotely likable. 
bad Make no mistake: This is an R-rated, mean-spirited movie for which Christmas makes a great backdrop, but only if you really hate Christmas. If not, It's A Wonderful Life is sure to be playing somewhere. 
very_good The movie twinkles sardonically, like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character's most cunning, twisted smile. 
bad The Ice Harvest may not be as bad as a lump of coal in your stocking, but it isn't as exciting as a new pair of socks either. 
very_bad Few cinematic experiences are more depressing than a black comedy that isn't funny. 
bad Starts with great scripting & a sweet quirky tension that sets the film skating. Unfortunately, the writing cracks and all breaks through the ice. Platt performs strongly. 
good Manages to entertain, even if it does leave you feeling unsatisfied. 
very_bad A morose, unhappy, sometimes depressing flick. 
bad The Ice Harvest has talent to spare in front of the camera, but isn't nearly as smart or sharp as it would like to be. 
bad Given that pedigree, it's all the more disappointing that this movie falls flat. 
good How about something a little nasty for the holidays? Harold Ramis' take on crime writer Scott Phillips' hard-boiled yuletide noir may be just what Santa ordered. 
bad As a feel-bad holiday comedy, The Ice Harvest sometimes recalls Thornton's own Bad Santa, though it's never as outrageously funny, and Thornton doesn't get nearly as much to do. 
terrible Ice Harvest, sir, is no Groundhog Day. 
terrible In my movie fridge, The Ice Harvest packs in far beneath Iceman, The Ice Storm and The Iceman Cometh. It suffers freezer burn even below Ice Palace and Ice Station Zebra. 
fair This is strictly B-movie fare. 
very_bad A surprising misfire on all counts ... 
good [A]s an antidote to the sugary confections of the season, its hung-over cynicism works wonders. 
very_bad [A] woefully miscalculated, distressingly unfunny dark comedy in the Grifters mold. 
terrible Crammed with barflies, strippers and assorted reprobates, The Ice Harvest easily takes the honors as this holiday season's biggest and dirtiest lump of coal. 
good The Ice Harvest is a treat for everyone who hates holidays. 
bad The Ice Harvest aims to be a comedy crime caper that's light as a bubble, but too many crooks spoil the froth. 
bad ... seems slight and underdeveloped. 
fair [G]enerates more nervous smiles than belly laughs ... 
good The Ice Harvest is as smooth as a dry martini, and it's an unalloyed pleasure to behold Cusack and Thornton playing off each other. 
fair It's neither convincing -- nor, just as importantly clever -- in pulling off its thriller story line, and it's not funny enough to sustain your interest, save for its hilariously chaotic 20-minute middle section. 
fair [A] lightweight Bad Santa. 
terrible ...a nihilistic, bloody, violent, vain attempt at a humorous noir without humor. 
good What does Billy Bob Thornton have against Christmas? 
fair Almost none of it will stay with you...wait to rent it. 
good ... Ice Harvest does not take itself seriously and at least provides an amusing respite from the forced cheeriness of the season. 
bad The Ice Harvest is too tepid to have much taste either way, and it ends up lulling us to apathy. 
good Ramis gives this twisted thriller the grim irony Quentin Tarantino and his followers boast of, but don't understand. 
best The Ice Harvest is a hearty hued anti-jovial, though oddly not anti-humorous, Christmas neo-Noir that'll have you giggling with morbid glee, and properly cringing where need be! 
good The movie, directed by Harold Ramis, finds a balance between the goofy and the gruesome. 
terrible This Harvest yields nothing but chaff. 
good Bumptiously entertaining. 
terrible It's entirely possible that Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack phoned in their parts in The Ice Harvest. But in these modern times, they probably e-mailed. 
fair A dark comedy that's about as far as you can get from the 'warm fuzzy holiday film for the whole family'. 
fair Ramis might have been onto something had he been able to include less ice and more harvest. 
fair Ice Harvest has its laughs, but you may come out of the theater feeling like you need to take a shower. 
fair Zesty enough to make the ol' noir two-step seem worthwhile. 
good Ramis does some of his best work balancing the immoral tone of the plot with biting humor that rises from the situations and not just fitted in as obvious tension relievers. 
very_bad In many ways, The Ice Harvest is like half of a movie. 
bad a smart and angst-ridden piece of crime existentialism that loses only its nerve, never its brain. 
fair Falls into place too little and too late. 
bad The movie builds some suspense around our curiosity about the theft, but we don't know enough about anything to get involved. 
bad Harold Ramis' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades, but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness. 
very_bad A comic noir that feels like a direct-to-DVD movie that could have easily starred Matthew Modine, Dennis Hopper and Gina Gershon. 
good The Ice Harvest is an odd twist on the Christmas crime movie and a strangely therapeutic use of the Cusack pout. 
terrible Anyone expecting laughs from this dark holiday comedy will be disappointed by this ho-ho-horrible movie. 
bad It's an anti-Christmas black comedy for every card-carrying Grinch. 
good The dialog is as wickedly funny as the sets are tackily humorous. 
good The Ice Harvest proves that modest, workmanlike film noir need not be accompanied by hipster homages and ironic self-consciousness. 
fair Comedy director Harold Ramis achieves a showy, shadowy gang-who-couldn't -shoot-straight satire in a The Grifters cross with The Perfect Plan. 
very_good Another shining gem from Pixar's most endearing franchise and should be a new Halloween staple for all families. 
good Playing with the conventions of classic horror movies, the special cleverly incorporates them in a way that stays true to the already beloved Toy Story while also dropping them into a brand new setting. 
fair A brief but entertaining addition to the series canon. Disney's Blu-ray release comes with an audio commentary, three more "Toy Story" short films, and a bunch of other worthwhile extras. An engaging package that is easily recommendable. 
best Toy Story Of Terror is on par with the films in all categories, albeit with a much shorter installment this time around. 
best Horror film-themed TV special is sweet treat for families. 
fair Kieran Evans' Kelly + Victor is an intense study of the fine line between tenderness and aggression in romantic relationships. 
bad Well directed by Kieran Evans and acted with searing honesty. 
very_bad An uncompromisingly tough watch, a tale of hard drugs and even stronger sex set in Liverpool. 
very_bad Evans has a feel for mood, but it'd be wrong to mistake atmosphere for psychological depth; Kelly + Victor could've been so much more than what it ultimately achieves. 
bad Antonia Campbell-Hughes and Julian Morris are impressively raw and unguarded as the doomed lovers, their nerves exposed for all to see as the roots of their angst are increasingly laid bare. 
bad An unabashedly full-frontal exploration of sex and sexuality that's weighed down by distracting subplots. 
good There's something very unsentimental and provocative being served up along with the romance in this love story from writer-director Kieran Evans. 
bad Between bed scenes the film dulls out a little: meandering Liverpool walkabouts scored for dirge-like synthesisers. (The 60s-era Art Movie Handbook.) Whenever we are in the bedroom, though, the story catches fire&#8201;.&#8201;.&#8201;. 
good Kieran Evans' British romance is an occasionally shocking, often excellent ode to nihilistic love. 
bad Evans, aided by the leads' rapturous performances, combines violence with tenderness, and thereby captures the complementary, turbulent yet harmonious nature of Kelly and Victor's relationship. 
bad It's not all convincing. Campbell-Hughes (remote, brittle) is odd casting ... But once we're in the bedroom, the film takes on a shocking, bold air. 
very_bad Kieran Evans' adaptation of Niall Griffiths' rough-hewn novel mixes unsafe S&M with social desolation to choppy effect. 
bad This story of violent sexual obsession is too deliberately dark for us to sympathise with the central couple. But it's well-shot and nicely played by both actors. 
bad The raw, sweet promise of the first act is ultimately up-ended by its turn towards grimness, but Kelly + Victor is a melancholic meditation on the most disturbing type of romantic irony. 
good Barbara Sarafian provides a full-bodied portrait of mature female strength as a mother named Matty in Moscow, Belgium. 
fair The movie just can't decide whether it likes romance or disdains it, whether it wants to be dark or bright. 
fair There's nothing special about the story in Moscow, Belgium. But the lead performance? Very special. 
good A romantic drama, interwoven with bright ribbons of humor. 
bad Moscow, Belgium feels not only like a movie from another culture but from another world. 
good As Matty, Sarafian is a marvel as she changes from a gray moth to a girlish butterfly, and Delnaet is delightful as the slightly dangerous Johnny. 
fair A European-style chick flick where all the women are wonderful and the men jerks. Unlike the American genre, this is one men can actually sit through and enjoy 
good Few films tackle the question of whether a man with a history of domestic violence can learn to love again -- and fewer still do it in a subtly comedic and charming way. 
good Nothing will ever be easy for any of these characters, and that is why we care about them so. 
very_good Emotions run deep but are never overdone. 
good Director Christophe Van Rompaey takes the oldest story in film, "boy meets girl," and turns it into something fresh and new with sparkling performances by Barbara Sarafian and Jurgen Delnaet. 
best Masterfully blends romance and comedy in a refreshing, endearing, life-affirming and unHollywood way without feeling contrived, corny or convoluted. 
good Moscow, Belgium is a romantic comedy with a different flavor. Although it follows many of the familiar patterns that characterize movies of this genre, it does enough things differently to allow it to step outside of the norm. 
good The way Belgian actress Barbara Sarafian plays the opening sequence you're not sure if you're entering a tragedy, or a tragicomedy, or what. The film turns out to be "or what." It's also worth seeing. 
good Notice how deeply the director, Christophe van Rompaey, has drawn us into these lives, how much we finally care, and with what sympathy all the actors enter into the enterprise. 
best My pick for best romantic comedy of the year--from any country. 
fair With no shortage of wit and ample awareness of the human condition, Moscow, Belgium revolves around a complex female character, wonderfully limned by Barbara Sarafian. 
good A pleasing alternative to the season's Oscar-baiting movies. 
bad The steady attention to detail in Moscow, Belgium lends it a texture rarely found in films about domestic life. 
bad A feisty romantic comedy about a middle-aged woman who realizes that she has a few options still left whereby she can transform her life. 
very_bad The aspirations of this quirky Belgian import might be feel-good indie, but the copious flaws smack of pure Hollywood drivel. 
good Fantastic performances from the two leads make for a very powerful film. It's truly a technical achievement on every count and while It may not be for everyone, if you can stomach it, watch it! 
fair A Serbian Film has a real point to be made. The sad thing is that it is lost on most people who will be offended to the point of dismissing the movie as trash. 
bad For all its hysteria and nasty shock tactics, A Serbian Film does have something to say about representations of sexuality, cinematic violence and audience culpability. 
good The rare piece of transgressive art that's more grimly meditative than satirical or allegorical, A Serbian Film's most daring aspect may be the muddle of soul-searching it demands from its audience. 
terrible Spasojevic successfully grabs the audience's attention, and then he just abuses the privilege rather than doing anything worthwhile with it. 
bad "A Serbian Film" revels in its sheer inventive awfulness and dares the viewer to find a more serious layer of meaning. 
terrible In its histrionic dream logic, the movie says as much about Eastern Europe as Twilight does about the Pacific Northwest. Frankly, you'd be better off self-abusing. 
fair I admire and detest it at the same time. And I will never watch it again. Ever. 
terrible Pseudo-intellectual claptrap at its very worst. 
very_bad More camp than corrosive, A Serbian Film is hard to take seriously. 
fair It's deliberately controversial and extremely grisly, but it also has a strong message that encompasses both politics and the sex industry. But it's not for the weak-stomached. 
terrible Spasojevic has created a migraine-inducing "controversy" with this badly acted and directed porn-horror nightmare that aspires to be a satire on the dark heart of modern Serbia, with oblique references to the 1990s war. 
terrible A sordid welter of sexual sadism, incestuous necrophilia and 'snuff movie' nihilism. 
very_bad Its parade of rape, necrophilia and paedophilia involving newborns feels like a blatant attempt to create lucrative tabloid controversy. 
very_bad You look at it as you would ogle a car crash. 
bad If you collect controversy, this is a must-see, interesting, important and worth a heated discussion over the stiff drinks you'll need after you see it. 
terrible What's most offensive is director Sr&#273;an Spasojevi&#263; risible insistence that the unpleasantness on offer is an allegory for the sorry political plight of Serbia. 
good An extreme film for people who haven't seen very many extreme films...it will do its dirtiest work among the unprepared at film festivals or art houses. 
good Malo koje se ostvarenje moe pohvaliti time da je izazvalo tako otre reakcije, i to naj&#269;e&#263;e me&#273;u ljudima koji ga nisu, a vrlo &#269;esto ni nemaju namjere pogledati 
terrible The horror. The hor-ror! 
terrible Lame monster movies like this adaptation of the popular Atari video game are scary for all the wrong reasons. 
terrible The late Gene Siskel once devised a simple method of measuring a film's worth: 'Is this film more interesting than a documentary of the same actors having lunch?' 'Alone in the Dark' doesn't come close to matching that standard. 
terrible better than expected, but, considering the reputation of its author, this isn't much of an achievement 
terrible Eu devia ter suspeitado de algo quando meu aparelho de DVD pareceu se recusar a rodar este filme. E posso jurar que ele pediu um Cepacol depois que a tortura chegou ao fim. 
terrible How Uwe Boll manages to scrape together enough investment money to give wing to this type of overblown, amateurish gibberish is truly a mystery of the cosmos... 
terrible Has just about everything a snarky bad movie lover could want--that is, except a guy and two robots sitting in the bottom right hand corner. 
terrible You start hoping that Ashton Kutcher is going to come out and tell them they're punk'd, because you just can't believe this is for real. You feel sorry for these actors... 
terrible It's never good when the audience starts laughing as soon as the movie begins -- and nothing has happened. 
terrible It's just the most inept filmmaking you can catch in theatres right now, or probably all year long. 
terrible The most entertainment comes from watching Slater and Dorff and trying to figure out who's got the biggest forehead. 
terrible In this chintzy video-game blow-up, Christian Slater battles zombies and transmogrified beasties, revealing the horror of a once-promising career turned miserable. 
terrible There's plenty to snicker at. 
terrible ... 96 minutes of pure torture ... 
terrible Utterly lost by its end, you can just sit back and let yourself be hijacked by the movie's outrageous dialogue, hyperventilating performances and all-around commitment to overkill. 
terrible [T]he filmmakers have no more ability to tell a story than to create three-dimensional characters. They don't so much end the film as hit the reset button. 
terrible If Ed Wood had the opportunity to fall under MTV's influence, Plan Nine From Outer Space would have looked like Alone in the Dark. 
terrible Wow. What an aptly named movie. 
terrible The title is reasonably fitting, since I very nearly was alone in the dark when I saw it. 
terrible Somewhere, Ed Wood is resting pretty comfortably right now. 
fair Grab your funniest smartass friends and have a good time ripping this piece of crap to shreds. I know I did. But if you're looking for a good movie, stay away! 
terrible Anyone who chooses to watch this film will probably be alone in the dark as most theaters will be empty 
terrible Believe it or not, it is possible to inspire decent cinema from the roots of Nintendo or Playstation. But you can't do it with Pong-caliber talent. 
terrible Woefully murky and meaningless...The world's most durable and heavy duty flashlight couldn't bring an ounce of brightness to the underwhelming Alone in the Dark 
terrible If you find yourself alone in Alone In The Dark, run away as fast as you can. Not because this sci-fi horror movie is scary, but because it is so stupid. 
terrible If someone recommends you see Alone in the Dark, assume that person hates you or at least dislikes you. 
terrible One of the worst movies ever made. 
terrible horrific and horrible 
terrible Dear Alone in the Dark, ...It's time for me to start seeing other movies. But I will think of you always, when I sit at the movies, alone in the dark, without you. 
terrible Chances are, you'll probably find yourself alone in the theater too. 
terrible Quite possibly the worst of the year. Definiately the worst of the month. 
terrible Alone in the Dark doesn't even deserve the indignity of going straight-to-video 
terrible Trying to rehash this plot is like trying to describe a Jackson Pollock painting while drunk 
terrible Unconvincing leads, nonsensical plot, dumb staging -- this movie has it all. 
terrible Once the poorly staged mayhem erupts, there's no disguising the fact that it's all been a pointless buildup to 40 minutes of running, shooting and screaming, and you've wasted whatever time and attention you devoted to following any of its minutiae. 
terrible The film looks like it was made for $1.05 with its murky cinematography, sloppy special effects, and cheap sets. 
terrible Alone in the Dark is so awful, anyone who spends 10 bucks seeing it ought to get 11 bucks change and a written apology from the director and cast. 
terrible Dreadful. 
terrible A film so mind-blowingly horrible that it teeters on the edge of cinematic immortality. 
terrible If you are alone in the dark with Alone in the Dark, be sure to bring chewing gum -- it will provide entertainment. 
terrible The acting is awful and amateurish. 
terrible A laugh-out-loud turkey. 
terrible Never trust a movie that opens with a written introduction scrolling by that's longer than the collected works of Tom Clancy. 
terrible Too stupid to watch, too loud to nap through, Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space's hold on that 'worst movie ever' title really is. 
terrible Ultra-violent, hyper-mindless and bruisingly loud, Alone in the Dark makes its video game predecessors look like Masterpiece Theater. 
terrible It doesn't even qualify as 'so bad it's good,' although by that standard it does have its moments. 
terrible Alone in the Dark is no better than whatever you might pick up while wearing a blindfold at Blockbuster, even if you happen to reach into a trash can. 
terrible Alone in the Dark is amateurish at best and asinine at worst. 
very_bad Some concepts are meant to stay in the gaming console. 
terrible Frighteningly bad cinema is the only thing scary about Alone in the Dark, which gives video-game movies an even worse name, if that's possible. 
terrible It's tempting to call Alone in the Dark one of those movies so bad that it's almost good. But that might send the wrong signal to Hollywood. 
terrible The film is filled with hilariously bad performances, expository dialogue and production values that suggest it could have been a low-budget film-school project. 
terrible Quite possibly one of the worst movies of the decade. 
terrible I didn't see director Uwe Boll's zombie dud House of the Dead, but on the evidence of Alone in the Dark, he belongs in the pantheon of hopelessly inept directors. 
terrible Alone in the Dark presents splatter fans with garden-variety gore, and gives action-horror fans loud, unscary special effects rather than genuine suspense or bang. 
terrible No subtext, no moral, no cultural observation, no substance; if it had calories, they would be empty 
bad There is a reason to fear being alone in the dark: it's this movie. 
terrible (Christian) Slater and (Tara) Reid share quite possibly the most awkward love scene ever recorded on film. 
terrible There's a point in the movie where it's best to stop trying to make sense out of this unintelligible story... right after the opening credits. 
terrible Perhaps hoping to be a sort of hybrid Matrix meets Indiana Jones meets Alien, Unfortunately, Alone in the Dark is just a bad movie. 
terrible On the short list of Worst Movies Ever Made. 
terrible Worse than you can imagine... see 1997's The Relic instead. 
very_bad ...asking the viewer to accept Tara Reid as a scientist is pure insanity, requiring a staggering leap of faith that I can't even begin to contemplate. 
terrible I laughed. I was bored. I couldn't believe my own eyes. 
very_bad As silly as it is stylish. 
terrible A hokey, recycled collection of mumbo-jumbo that unabashedly steals from a multitude of other horror films. 
terrible Laughably bad. 
terrible This horror film, spun off from an old Atari video game, is so inept on every level, you wonder why the distributor didn't release it straight to video, or better, toss it directly into the trash. 
terrible If you took the 100 worst ideas ever conceived for a science-fiction film, rattled them around in a Lotto tumbler and spilled them out onto the screen at random, you could not produce a more asinine hodgepodge than Alone in the Dark. 
terrible There are some stupid films that rock, if you turn your brain off and enjoy them. Alone in the Dark isn't one of these, though it is very stupid. 
terrible so far off the scale bad that the only possible reaction is to laugh at it -- and I do mean at it and not with it. 
terrible Saying Uwe Boll's Alone in the Dark is better than his 2003 American debut House of the Dead is akin to praising syphilis for not being HIV. 
terrible ...films like 'Battlefield Earth' and 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' await a film of this magnitude because it gets awfully lonely on the island of misfit movies. 
terrible Obvious dry humping to inappropriate music doesn't cut it in a horror flick - at least give us some skin. 
terrible you need an actor who can make the words SOUND smart, and Reid won't be winning a Nobel Prize anytime soon (she's proof that alcohol kills brain cells ... with a vengeance). 
terrible Director Uwe Boll (is) a latter-day Ed Wood who fancies himself a cross between action-sytlish John Woo and B-movie horror-ific John Carpenter. 
terrible as predictable as watching a bag of microwave popcorn pop and as terrifying as a herd of dust bunnies 
terrible This is jaw-dropping, awe-inspiring, 'I-can't- believe-someone- made-this-crap' badness we're dealing with. 
bad Funny, cheesy, entertaining B movie 
fair There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs. 
good Great fun will be had by audiences, past and future. 
very_good This is nothing less than one of my favourite Australian pictures in quite some time 
bad Given how hideously over-used time travel has been of late in movies, Aussie writer/director Hugh Sullivan deserves considerable back-slapping for at least spinning something fresh out of the concept. 
good Hugh Sullivan's terrific Australian time-travel comedy is an inventive and dryly hilarious depiction of how the obsession with perfection can only lead to defeat. 
bad Sullivan urgently needs to find a co-writer: while visually he's more talented than the majority of Australian directors, his would-be witty dialogue is atrocious, and his characters are no more than sketches. 
fair Full marks to Sullivan and his team for creating this bizarre puzzle of a movie, even though the use of the single location and the endlessly repetitive (with variations) plot inevitably becomes over-familiar as it proceeds. 
best A delightfully intellectual exercise in escapism. 
very_good What The Infinite Man lacks in size it makes up for in brains and heart...the rare sort of film that feels invigorated, rather than hamstrung, by its obvious financial constraints. 
good What The Infinite Man lacks in size it makes up for in inventive, emotionally potent storytelling as a sci-fi, a comedy and a romance. That kind of trifecta is a rarity indeed. 
very_good Unafraid of its low budget limitations, The Infinite Man makes splendid use of its three-person cast, revels in its minimalist location and yet never feels constrained. 
good Writer-director Hugh Sullivan's smart and sensitive feature debut deserves special credit for hinging its conceit on successful emotional beats, never letting its structural ambition get in the way of its fun character arcs and some terrific laughs. 
bad Boxing docu glorifies Pacquiao but skims the surface. 
bad A narrow and borderline fawning hagiography that will no doubt find great favor among his fan base, while inspiring shrugs of indifference from those less invested in his tale. 
terrible Only a fool would say it to his face, but eight-time divisional boxing champ Manny (Pacman) Pacquiao has a limp swing as a documentary subject. 
good It's nothing groundbreaking as a sports doc, but Pacquiao's warm personality and amazing story make it a pretty great one. 
very_bad Manny stays entirely on the surface of Pacquiao's life and of a sport that's rife with dirty dealing and chicanery. 
bad An informative, if largely deferent, biographical documentary that tritely explains the ascendancy of Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao. 
very_bad Ultimately Angel-A never takes flight, weighted down by an overabundance of metaphysical cliches stolen from other films. 
bad The film settles into a laid-back groove that is, how shall we say, endlessly boring. 
good Besson gives the movie a warmth and charm all its own... 
bad ... a visually sumptuous, dramatically inert fable ... 
bad A gorgeous-looking film whose crisp, black-and-white photography is unfortunately much more thrilling than its simplistic, cloying story. 
bad Besson's black-and-white angel fantasy is a weak homage to Wings of Desire, if that's what he was shooting for. 
very_bad An ultimately dull nonaffair. 
bad It's compelling largely due to its appealing cast. 
fair Angel-A is a not very persuasive argument on behalf of heavenly intercession, but its co-star, Rie Rasmussen, will make you believe in intelligent design. 
bad Besson... cribs heavily from Wings of Desire and Heaven Can Wait. If he had thought of it, he would have dressed someone in an Anaheim Angels jersey to elbow your ribs that much further. 
bad ...the characters here are so unlikable that it's hard to care what happens to them. 
good What's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around. 
very_good Luc Besson returns to his roots in this delightful, funny and stylish fantasy. Shot in gloriously crisp black and white, it's also a bit of a throwback to the French New Wave for its technique and dazzling location vignettes across Paris. 
fair You desperately want the story, and the characters, to make some kind of emotional sense. This, however, does not happen. 
good Besson excels at stories about rough characters who are saved through their relationship with a more civilized character (as in The Professional and La Femme Nikita). Angel-A adheres to that paradigm, but it also has more soul, humor and warmth than those 
very_good Beautifully shot and superbly acted... 
bad [The] plot is warmed-over Capra, and it's no wonderful-life yarn. 
bad The strained fairy tale feels like writer/director Luc Besson's effort to move beyond the pop giddiness of La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element to a mature statement about issues important to him, but the effort overshadows the message. 
good Angel-A drops by most of the touristy Parisian hot spots and, shot in the glorious black-and-white of Henri Cartier-Bresson, makes them all look spectacular and gritty at the same time. 
fair Besson's dialogue is often inane, occasionally sounding like it is copied verbatim out of a new age self-help manual. 
fair It seems Besson can be sentimental about Paris but he's still not ready to get too romantic with people. 
fair This Parisian fable is a talkathon, affecting a silly toughness, but the sights are good to see again. 
bad If you'd like a look at Paris in all its splendour, look no further than Angel-A. Just be sure that in order to see Paris in all its splendour you don't mind sitting through a silly little comedy with a dopey ending. 
terrible Feels like a mash-up of It's a Wonderful Life and Xanadu, without the wholesome sweetness of the first and the campy excesses of the second. 
bad The movie doesn't aspire to be anything but a lightweight pastiche that rehashes your memories of other, better movies. 
very_bad Angel-A is all icky fantasy. 
bad Surprise, surprise - Luc Besson envisions a celestial being as a leggy, skinny super model. 
fair We all have our own view of paradise, but as long as Besson has Arbogast, his camera and those surreal bare Parisian streets, his schlocky heaven enchants the eye, if not the mind. 
bad To call Angel-A unconvincing would be an Eiffel Tower-sized understatement. 
good The overall experience of the movie is of something fresh. And while it inhabits a pretty rough world, of Parisian gangsters and loan sharks, the film has a warm spirit. 
fair Besson conjures up some astoundingly gorgeous visuals, mainly a dreamy, neon-drenched, throbbing Paris. 
bad The [angel] turns out to be Stuart Smalley, parking Andre in front of a mirror so he can tell himself he's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him. 
terrible Angel-A is one of the most gorgeous movies I have ever despised. 
bad An intriguing drama about a quirky leggy blonde angel who comes to Paris on a mission of mercy to show a self-destructive and petty man his worth. 
fair Besson's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile, and Andre is, frankly, a drag. 
fair Visually arresting but flawed. Its strongest asset is the stunningly poetic cinematography by Thierry Arbogast. 
fair As a drama, Angel-A does not rank as a great movie, but as an homage to Paris, it is sensational. For this viewer, at least, that is good enough. 
fair Nice as this quietly philosophical mood may be for Besson, it's a little wan for moviegoers, and following on the heels of Arthur and the Invisibles, Angel-A seems less like a detour in his career than the beginnings of a wrong turn. 
fair If Besson's eye is Angela, though, his writing is Andre: awkward, misshapen and earthbound. Andre must learn a lesson in self-esteem that would have embarrassed Capra -- maybe even Oprah. 
fair The beautiful black-and-white photography -- and disappointingly sappy ending -- are the only remotely sober elements here, thanks to Besson's loopy script and Debbouze's very funny turn as a loser who simply can't believe his luck. 
fair Angel-A works as a romantic comedy about opposites meeting cute and desperate in the City of Light, whose bridges and facades are nicely rendered by cinematographer Thierry Arbogast. 
bad Angel-A never finds the heart in a promising It's a Wonderful Life premise. 
bad It won't hurt you, and it's easy on the eyes. 
fair Not an especially surprising or eventful story, it is, nevertheless, a reasonably satisfying little tale of a character down on his luck who finds out that life can be tolerable after all. 
bad In essence, you get It's a Wonderful Life meets Wings of Desire, swapping out the substance for self-help platitudes. If you can get past that, you can enjoy it as a 90-minute look at a lovely postcard. 
fair Clearly Besson's most personal film, a gorgeous and romantic travelogue of Paris locations. Rie Rasmussen is quite glorious in her first major role. 
fair A witty, edgy cross between Amelie and It's a Wonderful Life. 
terrible Begins as playful comedy about a crook who meets a beautiful woman and ends as dreadfully dumbed-down remake of Wings of Desire. 
very_bad Besson's first behind-the-camera outing since 1999's The Messenger is as skeletal as his model-turned-leading lady. 
bad There's as much credibility in this match-up as color on the screen. 
good This lighter-than-air bauble proves a pleasurable diversion indeed -- as long as that heart beating inside your chest has at least a mild propensity for the romantic. Bring a date. 
bad full review in Greek 
very_good A visually arresting odd-couple comedy that reveals itself to be, quite literally, It's a Wonderful Life with a bimbo! 
bad Genial performances and a pleasing plot are elevated to the stuff of cinematic majesty by Thierry Arbogast's glorious monochrome photography, which recalls the Parisian vistas of the nouvelle vague. 
very_bad The whole film's easy on the eye thanks to the Parisian summer setting, photographed in creamy black and white. If only the romance wasn't so monochrome too... 
bad The film looks terrific - Besson shoots his beloved Paris in gorgeous black and white photography that recalls both Wings of Desire and It's A Wonderful Life, both of which Angel-A happily steals from. 
very_bad Good looking but tedious. 
very_bad Takes itself much too seriously. 
bad The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable. 
very_bad Though excessively tiresome, The Uncertainty Principle, as verbally pretentious as the title may be, has its handful of redeeming features, as long as you discount its ability to bore. 
bad Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable, the director's experiment is a successful one. 
very_bad The north-of-the-border setting promises fresh perspectives but local novelty can't disguise universal cliches, despite Dillahunt's memorably haunted star turn. 
fair With quiet intensity, this contained drama feels like a stage play with its intimate approach and limited cast and settings. It also has a strong thematic kick that's both emotional and political, without ever being preachy. 
good ...often more effective as an actor's showcase than as a fully realized cinematic experience... 
fair The story shapes itself into a sophisticated psychological thriller where suspense is everything. Who will deal with the outsider? 
bad This spare drama about the aftermath of war goes only so far on the strength of its sincerity, carefulness and good intentions. 
bad It looks and feels like an Altman film, but one made completely on a pointless lark. 
fair Swan songs are seldom as sweet or melodic as A Prairie Home Companion. 
good The movie is a shaggy-dog trifle, but it's a sweet and lovely one. 
fair Altman's star-studded cast is natural and energetic -- with the exception of a surprisingly detached Keillor -- and the Hollywood folks mingle easily, in character, among the real show's performers, a technique Altman perfected in Nashville. 
fair ...a lovely and bittersweet fable about morality, the fleetingness of fame, drawing strength from the past and finding the inevitable beauty in the darkest of situations. 
very_good Alternatively wistful and satirical, Prairie isn't an Altman classic, but it's a fine time. 
very_good This adaptation is highly-recommended for loyal devotees of the long-running radio show as a cinematic capstone on Keillor's magnificent career. 
very_bad La despedida de Robert Altman no esta entre lo mejor de su obra, pero es una calida evocacion de tiempos y ritos pasados animada por un atractivo elenco. 
good Plenty of artistry, even if it is a minor Altman film. So long, Robert. 
good A fitting swansong for Altman's career, this is an enjoyable comedy drama with strong performances, lively musical numbers and a handful of decent jokes. 
good This ode to a bygone style of entertainment is a fitting swan song for Altman. 
best Poucos cineastas tem ou tiveram a oportunidade de se despedir com tamanha graca e charme de seus fas... algo que Altman conseguiu com este filme simultaneamente melancolico e alegre. 
very_good A celebration of show business at its purest and most joyful. 
bad ...essentially a sentimental musical comedy, with the barest rudiments of a story lingering in the background. 
very_good You don't have to be an NPR junkie to appreciate Garrison Keillor and Robert Altman's sweet, gently funny tale about an old-fashioned radio show taking its last bow. 
good Fans of Altman's naturalistic style and admirers of Keillor's wit will find plenty to love in A Prairie Home Companion. 
fair With A Prairie Home Companion, Robert Altman has once again showcased his talent for creating complex, insular worlds for his characters to inhabit. 
bad It's a testament to Altman and his cast that they can take a script this lousy and get just enough charm out of it to get by. 
good Nostalgic for an idealized version of wry family entertainment that probably never quite existed, it embodies all that is strong in character about the Midwest, or at least what should be. 
best Robert Altman might be 81 years old, but damn he still knows how to direct a big cast of characters in an entertaining movie. 
fair Simply put, it is a pleasure to watch and a film that I'd gladly see again. 
good In a world of hype, earthshaking and globe-threatening crises, and annoying celebrity excess, what a contrast, what a respite, what a blessing it is to seek refuge weekly in A Prairie Home Companion! 
best "A Prairie Home Companion" is an incredibly well-made and graceful film, with an unbelievably gifted cast dancing to the Midwestern poetry of Garrison Keillor's script and Robert Altman's direction. 
good I can't necessarily say that I'd be more inclined to listen to the show [on the radio], but I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it on the big screen. 
bad The movie is a lot like everything Keillor does, reliable and pleasant, but nothing very exciting or even remarkable. It is the cinematic equivalent of a dish of vanilla ice cream. 
good Meryl Streep is a national treasure 
bad Fans of Keillor's radio show may love it, but it's just not engaging enough to satisfy the rest of us. 
fair A perplexingly kooky comedy about death, [it] manages to do what Altman has almost never done before: allow a different artist their own voice. 
fair This is Altman in a minor key... 
fair Keillor and Altman's eccentric duet is closer to Hollywood than St. Paul -- and more dirge than celebration. 
best What a lovely film this is, so gentle and whimsical, so simple and profound. 
best Keillor has handed Altman the script of a lifetime, and Altman has given him the perfect film of it -- while summing up so much of himself and his films in the bargain. 
fair Its main draws are comfortable, skilled ensemble playing, a few chuckles, and an admirable humorist/satirist's unique world turned to the dark side. 
very_good No American filmmaker other than Robert Altman could have been a better choice for Garrison Keillor's relentlessly quirky corner of an Americana that doesn't exist anymore. 
good The pairing of Altman and Keillor is a stroke of genius. 
good Such is Altman's gift with actors that he even makes Lindsay Lohan seem fresh-faced, building the film to a climax in which the pop tartlet makes the most of her thin voice. 
very_good A beautiful farewell party, one that balances drama and comedy with ample, unexpected heart. 
good Gets big laughs in its clever, rapid-fire delivery and finds beauty and wisdom within its narrative simplicity. 
very_good A Prairie Home Companion is nothing short of a real treat and an experience lovers of the radio show and future lovers of it shouldn't miss. 
fair Overall, the film falls into some comforting cocoon midway between affectionate spoof and adoring homage, much like Keillor's warmly nostalgic show. 
bad Oh where oh where has Lake Wobegon gone? Oh where oh where could it be? This mythical place is the heart and soul of pretty much everything Garrison Keillor has done in the last three decades. It's not there!!!! AAAAAAAAAARG!!!! 
good Pass the Powdermilk Biscuits, slice the pie and serve the corn. 
very_good It's a tribute to music's power to heal us, to the way a familiar tune brings a comfortable old-shoe smile and the way a group sing-along bonds those within it, creating a community in that moment. 
terrible This is not one of the good Altmans. This isn't even one of the mediocre Altmans. No, the cinema's girl with the curl is back, and this time he's very, very bad. 
best The movie, the most blithely charming film Altman has made, is a fully satisfying meal. 
good Like a pair of faux-fur-lined rubber boots on a Minnesota winter morning, A Prairie Home Companion is warm, charmingly contrived and easy to slip into. 
very_good Fans of Keillor or Altman will have a grand old time. Fans of both will be near ecstatic. 
good Who knew Altman would turn so sweet this late in the game? Whatever the reason for it, it's working. 
fair A Prairie Home Companion is about small-beer showbiz professionals who face extinction with a smile on their face, a song in their heart, and a biscuit in their belly. 
good The movie brings us an old-fashioned radio variety show, in all its glory, and an old-fashioned Robert Altman movie, all ensemble-and-improvisation. 
bad For the rest of us, this is a woebegone world we not only don't know but don't particularly want to visit. 
bad Sketchy, rambling, tune-filled -- and, at best, mildly entertaining. 
good This is a lovely marriage of two of America's wisest cultural observers, native Midwesterners and modern Mark Twains, who value their heritage while occasionally poking it with a stick. 
fair If this dull, cramped and literal film is any indication, Keillor's sturdy and expansive sense of imagination defies physical manifestation. 
good Even if you're not a regular listener of Keillor's show A Prairie Home Companion weaves a spell on you. It's a charmer. 
good It's a sweet thing to hear and see -- and when have we been able to say that about an Altman movie? 
bad There doesn't seem to be much point to A Prairie Home Companion, but it's smart and charming and the music is lovely. Maybe that's the point. 
best While lacking a conventional plot arc, PHC nevertheless is totally engaging, crammed with laughable, lovable vignettes and characters with whom we're more than happy to spend some time. 
bad A Prairie Home Companion glides along effortlessly offering some sweet sentiment, loads of gentle laughs and some great little musical moments. 
best Nondevotees also should find a home in this agreeable, accessible Companion. 
very_good A Prairie Home Companion is a meditation on death that has you humming to the melody and laughing at the joke -- it's an elegiac picture that refuses to eulogize. 
best The movie is not just enormously entertaining, it is deeply moving, both in the way it celebrates storytelling and storytellers -- and in the unembarrassed way its creators and performers remind us how much we need them. 
good If A Prairie Home Companion is director Robert Altman's swan song, it's a tune with plenty of sweet, rootsy grace notes. 
good Good-humored and enormously entertaining but also sentimental and a little dishonest. 
fair A gentle, graceful movie so preoccupied with death and the end of things that it seems like the work of a man politely preparing his own funeral service -- corny jokes included -- to save his loved ones the trouble. 
fair Set during the final broadcast of a fictional version of Garrison Keillor's real-life radio variety show -- which is still on the air after 25 years -- this backstage fable is particularly suited for auteur director Robert Altman. 
good Altman and Garrison Keillor have turned Keillor's beloved radio show into the sort of backstage entertainment allegory that brings out the best in the director. 
bad Fans should enjoy A Prairie Home Companion, a movie based on Keillor's satirical radio show, known for its dry Midwestern wit and fake ads for biscuits and duct tape. 
very_good [Altman] gives his performers breathing space, and many - like the always-great Streep and the subtly impressive Lohan - take great advantage of it. 
very_good As one who eschews Altman, I am glad that I saw this movie ...It speaks to a part of me that I forget exists, and one that I value in myself, and it's a well-orchestrated bit of filmmaking as well. 
good Using the classic radio show for his template, Altman helms his most fluid and fun work in years. 
very_good Altman's direction and Keillor's writing mesh perfectly in this quirky, yet 'homey and welcoming' film. 
good An appreciation of artists, albeit a sadder one... perhaps [Altman]'s saying here that the end doesn't have to be bitter -- it can be bittersweet. 
fair Garrison Keillor is an acquired taste. The whole movie is like his penguin joke, 'it's not that funny'... but you laugh anyway. 
good The movie is as enjoyable as the broadcast, and it's cheaper than going to a live show 
very_good Like most Altman movies, A Prairie Home Companion is intelligent and indulgent, an experiment conducted by an ensemble. 
bad The problem is that we're never given any reason to care one way or the other about the fate of the show or its performers. 
terrible It's Lindsay Lohan who appears relaxed rather than desperate to be funny. 
best A Prairie Home Companion is a sort of The Last Waltz meets Christopher Guest-ish, Robert Altman-steered mockmentary hootenanny! 
good The director's dreamy pacing perfectly captures the radio show's comforting, Sunday afternoon nostalgia. 
very_good you don't have to be a regular listener to enjoy the film. It's great enough on its own, minus that part where Lindsay Lohan sings and gives caterwauling a bad name. 
fair the entire film is an inside joke: someone can explain it to you, but it will never be as fun as if you just... got it. 
bad Without Keillor's monologue and the show's collective inclusion on the joke, the movie falls into a strange nostalgia for something that hardly anyone remembers, if it ever really existed at all. 
bad A few homilies about death aside, the film has nothing more on its mind than telling some jokes and singing some songs. 
good A late, minor addition to the Robert Altman collection but a treasure all the same A Prairie Home Companion is more likely to inspire fondness than awe. 
good If one were to bring the sprawling program, which practically formulates nostalgia as a tangible commodity, to a movie screen, one couldn't hope for a better director than Robert Altman. 
good Although the film's tone, like the radio show, is droll and spry, Altman turns it into a thinly veiled meditation on death. 
very_good The shaggy Prairie Home has first-class distractions in the fine singing of its large cast and in the wryly amusing script by Garrison Keillor. 
very_good The match between writer/star Garrison Keillor and director Robert Altman is a remarkably fine fit, and the film has a sweet 'September Song' poignancy. 
fair Altman fans should be right at home in this down home tribute to Keillor's long-running radio show. 
good Robert Altman adapts the radio to the screen, or the screen to the radio, in this affectionate, mortality-fixated salute to old-timey music, values and the timeless allure of Powdermilk biscuits. 
good It's been a very long time since any Robert Altman film has been as enjoyable as A Prairie Home Companion. 
good Altman's sidewinding tribute to a surprisingly hardy 32-year-old public radio phenomenon is like a 105-minute putter in the garden, with a few songs and some jokes. It's nice. 
very_good An unabashed love letter to the way things used to be. 
best A Prairie Home Companion is really about all those good things that must eventually come to an end: love, life, a good song -- and a grand movie such as this. 
fair A meandering, breezy yarn, Robert Altman's unabashedly cornball adaptation accomplished something that few films have been able to pull off: it actually made me homesick. 
fair Don't expect the biting satire of "Nashville," though. This movie is pretty much an inside job. 
very_good That Altman, Keillor, and the cast make that imagined time and place so congenial, and so easy for those who aren't familiar with the radio show to enter, is a compelling testimonial to the continuing artistic vitality of its two main creators. 
fair Despite a folksy, low-key appeal, this movie is likely to primarily interest fans of Garrison Keillor's popular radio program. 
bad I didn't laugh once, but I tapped my feet a lot to the rhythm of the captivating music. 
good A great way to discover what so many diehard fans have known for years. 
good The world's tallest shy comedian floats out of the radio with a power cast that even Altman is challenged to harness. 
best Altman's best film since the one-two punch of The Player and Short Cuts back in the early 1990s. 
bad I never learned enough about any of the characters or their snippets of stories to care about anything they said or did. 
good A nutty, fictional ode-elegy to a show that's still going strong, A Prairie Home Companion offers a unique hybrid of a folksy American showman and an improvisatory impresario. 
very_good An amusing, evocative, endearing, nostalgic glimpse of down-home Americana. 
best A fine and funny entertainment that also gives us a keen sense of the impermanence of all creative endeavors and the fleeting nature of reality. 
fair An uneven yarn of pregnant pauses punctuated by charm. 
bad There's no plot per se, just a bunch of people yappin' on about old times... 
very_good For those, me included, who used to think of Keillor's radio program as tepid, self-indulgent, repetitive and flat, you might even call it a revelation. Take a swig of this moonshine. There's magic in it. 
good Altman's graceful camera, the movement of characters across the frame, and the overlapping voices collectively evoke a genial sense of place. 
best "Nobody's perfect" is the last line. Wilder, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe come pretty close. 
best Fifty-five years old and still a comedy masterpiece. 
very_bad Everyone has a canonical classic which they just don't get. This one is mine. 
best Brilliant performances, wondrous comic timing and the greatest pay-off line ever written: this one's still red hot. 
best Here is one of those movies that persists beyond the implications of a mere time frame, resonating with audiences like a very fine wine. 
best Re-viewing Some Like It Hot is invariably a rewarding experience, not because it is a great comedy but because it is a great movie. 
best The preeminent comedy of anima...effervescent and breezily paced, from the car-chase opening to the big finish capped with one of the all-time-great punchlines. [Blu-ray] 
best One of the wildest romantic farces ever. 
best The film's final line is legendary, though I have a soft spot for Jerry's description of a sashaying Sugar: "Look at that! Look how she moves! That's just like Jell-O on springs!" 
best The Great American Comedy (if you discount the Marx Brothers). 
best This is a flawlessly scripted, superbly performed and endlessly witty comedy that deserves its place among the all-time greats. 
very_good It is, like Ms. Monroe, a beautiful thing. 
best The laughs never get old. 
best Wilder gave his audience credit for being as smart as he was, and, boy, they don't make 'em like that anymore, but they oughtta. 
best Nobody's Perfect, says Joe E. Brown after proposing to Jack Lemmon, but Billy Wilder came close with his racy, witty, much ahead of its time comedy about cross-dressing, impotence, and gender bender, with Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn Monroe in top form. 
best Only top ranked episodes of the Jerry Springer show provide more laughs and surprises from two con men made up to look like women. 
best Arguably the best American comedy. 
best A dazzling screwball that holds up decades later. 
good Very funny Billy Wilder film, but not as good as its legend. 
good ...more likely to elicit smiles and chuckles rather than full-fledged belly laughs. 
best This is one of the wildest farces ever filmed, but it has a lot of heart as well. 
best Manages to be a complete winner on every level. 
fair Always manage[s] to spoil the fun with elaboration. 
best I wish I could watch it again for the first time. 
best One of the greatest comedies ever. 
best Wilder's wise-cracking, gender-bending farce is a perfectly pitched comedy of romance and masquerade 
good Some of the wittiest one-liners on film. 
best The American Film Institute voted it the number-one funniest movie of all time...an effervescent laugh riot with few equals. 
very_good You'll have a hard time finding a faster paced comedy, nor one that delivers it all so flawlessly. 
good Some Like It Hot does cool off considerably now and again, but Mr. Wilder and his carefree clowns keep it crackling and funny most of the time. 
best Wilder's 1959 comedy is one of the enduring treasures of the movies, a film of inspiration and meticulous craft. 
best Expands a one-joke premise with hysterical results, due in no small part to the contributions of the near-perfect ensemble, with each of the major characters shining like a perfect jewel. 
fair Vivian Qu's debut feature slowly reveals itself to be an eerie meditation on the increasingly thin line between technological illusion and hard reality. 
best The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting. 
fair It's easy and enjoyable, and that's all it needs to be. 
good One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not. 
fair This feminist film wins laurels for close attention to detail in a radical filmmaking effort. 
good The uninitiated should expect more passion than polish. 
bad Situated at an unspecified future (that seems suspiciously like the present), Lizzie Borden's debut is neither a fatnasy nor an allegory, though it has an interesting feminist idea at its center. 
terrible The meek may inherit the Earth, but they won't do well at the multiplex if they can't do better than this. 
very_bad Amateurish animation mars Christian animal tale about Jesus. 
very_bad The film's website calls it the 'first ever 3-D animated, family-friendly, faith-based movie,' but you may call it 'The Passion of the Christ' meets 'Babe.' 
very_bad Bratz doll version of a scarefest; little kids beware! 
bad Not as compelling as You've Been Trumped, nor as gripping as Fire In The Night or The Great Hip Hop Hoax, but a welcome continuation of the recent resurgence in Scottish documentary filmmaking. 
good Has the matter-of-fact look and careful pace of a precinct-house procedural. 
good The deep cynicism would be depressing if it weren't so riveting. 
very_good Regarding Michel Piccoli's Max, Claude Sautet's film resists judgment, neither condoning nor signposting the despicable nature of his choices. 
fair This is only [King's] first feature, and if he can take a few more narrative risks without giving up his subtle style, he may become that rare director who can tackle spiritual issues without (literally) preaching to the choir. 
fair The shorter shorts are less impactful if occasionally diverting. 
very_bad Wholly unoriginal. We've seen not only this same material but versions of this same take on the material from multiple books, magazine articles, thinkpieces, one-man monologue shows, and even the Ashton Kutcher Jobs movie. 
good It's a riveting and important corrective to the myths Jobs helped to propagate, and which in the four years since his death have proved as seductive as his machines - and a lot more durable. 
terrible The movie plays like a Film 101 final project, and the writer/director, Benjamin Paquette, is not quite ready for prime time. 
very_bad The plot's Twilight Zone-like entanglements might be more palatable if the film's execution were more adept. 
terrible The Night Listener shamelessly jerks its audence this way and that, until it arrives at its lacklustre anti-climactic conclusion. 
bad Even at 82 minutes, the film seems padded out, spinning its wheels and generating no suspense once the central, easily answered question is introduced. 
good ...effectively captures the essence of the novel without slavishly adhering to its every nuance... 
fair A small suspense-thriller to scratch your Hitchcockian itch. 
bad ...never got me involved enough with its main character or its supporting characters to make me feel one way or another about them or their predicaments. 
bad While the film claims to be based on real-life events in the life of author Armistead Maupin, there are more than a couple of sequences that strain credibility, causing the audience to question its veracity. 
terrible Robin Williams's face is permanently on its smiling-through-emotional-pain setting. 
good The Night Listener is intriguing, thought-provoking and harrowing by turns, with fine central and supporting performances and a richly satisfying feel. 
bad You should find this watchable and moderately clever; it's just a shame that it tries to sound weighty about truth and love, instead of getting on with being scary. 
very_bad However, the film brushes over certain elements of the book (most notably Gabriel's relationship with his partner) and shies away from its more important themes (AIDS, child abuse etc), leaving the equivalent of a sanitised TV version of the book. 
bad There's absolutely nothing wrong with this movie that a good story wouldn't fix. 
terrible Their protagonist, Robin Williams, is just so self-pitying he is completely unsympathetic. I didn't care what happened to him. I never cared if he was in danger or putting himself in danger. 
very_bad All roads lead to dead ends, in dramatic and investigative terms. 
bad At only eighty-two minutes long, the film zips along--and keeps you guessing. 
fair The deeper the story goes, the more it unravels, leading to a damaging finale that isn't ambiguous as much as it's asinine. 
good It's the desolation of sadness stemming from the realization Noone's alone that's behind the search for a reality that perhaps doesn't exist that makes the film powerful. 
good The pacing and staging of the later scenes could use a little more electricity and momentum, and a little less restraint. Yet The Night Listener keeps you watching. And listening. 
very_good The Night Listener is a rather intense psychological character piece that keeps you on edge, as well as intrigued, with the promise of malevolence at every turn. 
very_good "The Night Listener," a disturbing adults-only film, is anything but a mainstream fiilm. 
bad Leaves us in the dark, with no real answers -- you know, just like life! 
very_bad If you watch and listen closely, it will dawn on you that this thriller has everything going for it -- except a clincher ending. 
bad Like a stick of butter ... awfully tough to swallow in one sitting. 
bad In Stettner's The Night Listener, Williams applies for his license to creep out the masses in a mopey and mediocre character study of atmospheric tension and chaos. 
bad It's worth seeing for the performances, but it's something to go in with low expectations on the plot itself. 
terrible Very little pay off. Worse, the film cheats. It belies its own integrity by including shots meant only to mislead the audiences, ultimately to contradict its own storyline. 
good ...a small, grown-up movie for people who want a breather from all the current blockbusters, cartoons, and dumb comedies. 
bad It's fitting that kaleidoscopic images introduce this psychological thriller in which reality and fantasy collide and splinter into cinematic fragments. 
bad It's unlike anything else out now, and Williams, to his credit and our immense relief, has for the moment foresworn his usual giddiness in favor of a muted, hunched acting style that befits both the character of Noone and the overall tone of the film. 
good In Patrick Stettner's confident direction, with Lisa Rinzler's ominous-to-spooky cinematography, Williams and Collette carry off a fine visual realization of what is essentially a theater-of-the-mind piece. 
bad Murky and uninspired. 
very_bad It's surprising that a story with such a great hook could be turned into a flat, uninvolving film. 
bad (Stettner) sets up a rule that the movie is about the psychological conditions of its characters, and what they can teach us about ourselves. He then switches games and asks us to believe the spook is its own excuse. 
very_good A quiet, measured and resolutely unnerving mystery, The Night Listener is one of the year's most assuredly intelligent releases. 
very_bad Early reviews compare this to Hitchcock, but Hitch was never this obvious. Even at less than 90 minutes, this is a drawn-out, butt numbing sit. 
bad A moving mystery of the heart based on a novel by Armistead Maupin about the lengths some people will go to find acceptance and love. 
good Rather than building to a slam-bang payoff, it lulls us in, almost without care. 
fair A dreary misfire. 
bad Novellist Armistead Maupin and collaborators Terry Anderson and Patrick Stettner have put together a taut thriller with excellent acting and direction which is sadly marred by a touch of misogyny. 
very_bad The movie might make for a good book, but it's too awkward and lacks the necessary action for a film. And Williams' rather sluggish approach doesn't help much. Eventually, we just aren't interested in tagging along with him. 
good An eerie, occasionally disturbing motion picture focused on the differences between perception and reality. 
very_bad The story backs itself into a corner and gets lost trying to find a satisfactory way out. 
very_good ...glides over the surface of some intriguing questions, not the least of which is what an author owes the real people who inspire his stories. 
bad If this story came over my airwaves I would be real tempted to change the station. 
very_good a very simple plot, but they mine every possible piece of tension and danger out of it to create a very eerie movie where danger is just around every corner. 
very_good Tidy psychological thriller taut with tension and intrigue. 
fair 80 percent a superb thriller, backloaded with 20 percent gotcha and goodbye. That's a scandalous way to treat a viewer. 
fair A surprisingly taut thriller, even though there really isn't anything that thrilling about the subject matter. 
very_bad This Sundance dud is a turgid gay soap opera with a limp twist, showcasing Robin Williams at his maudlin worst. 
bad ...an oddly inert thriller, a movie of shocking revelations and sneaky twists that somehow still never jars you. 
bad The Night Listener, a movie with lots of heart but no heartbeat. 
bad File The Night Listener under Missed Opportunities. 
fair This not-great movie, like the not-great book it's based on, is worthwhile because it puts us in the kind of uncomfortable place where we're forced to examine our own beliefs. 
fair There's more to this story than meets the eye -- or ear -- especially when Collette, magnetic in her intensity, appears as a figure straight out of Vertigo or North by Northwest. 
fair Where the hero of Maupin's novel learns some valuable lessons about love and faith, the film strikes a darker, even angry tone that's far more understandable and, in the end, far more convincing. 
very_good The Night Listener reveals itself in a grippingly quiet and enigmatic style reminiscent of Hitchcock. 
good The Night Listener is quirky and a little spooky, with a smart, literate script and polished direction from Patrick Stettner. 
good Night Listener draws you in to a tale well-told. 
bad The thriller is suspenseful enough, with a spooky mood and some real shocker moments, but the audience has to be willing to forgive its lack of rationality, as well as its totally cryptic conclusion. 
bad Noone [Williams] is a lethargic, beaten, humorless man, and the film is plugged into the same lifeless energy source. 
good The Night Listener, based on a real event in the life of novelist-turned-screenwriter Armistead Maupin, is a tranquil and alluring little thriller that makes up in earnestness what it lacks in surprises. 
fair Although it may not satisfactorily work all of its many ideas out, The Night Listener does thoughtfully explore the myriad games people play -- on themselves as well as others -- in the universal search for gratifying affection. 
very_bad Based on a novel by Armistead Maupin, which was based in turn on an episode in Mr. Maupins life, The Night Listener explores a shadowy region between truth and fiction. 
fair The Night Listener has much to recommend it, but I find myself less than enthusiastic precisely because this movie made me feel so lousy. 
bad The Night Listener should have been a better film than it is and I can only think to blame Williams' lacklustre performance for ultimately letting the audience down. 
fair More intriguing than enthralling, more creepy than disturbing, The Night Listener runs a tidy 80 minutes yet still feels stretched. 
bad Williams' solemn one-note performance, which we've seen variations of before in his 'serious films,' Insomnia and Good Will Hunting, ruins what should be a ghoulishly entertaining game of cat and mouse. 
bad Director Patrick Stettner -- seems unable to settle on what The Night Listener actually wants to say. 
good It's a film about people with mixed motivations (maybe even compulsions), who don't always behave with full self-awareness or self-control. 
bad Adapted from Armistead Maupin's highly anticipated, woefully executed 2000 novel, this is surely among the best bad movies of the year. 
fair As gripping as The Night Listener wants to be, it's also nearly devoid of suspense because you know it's supposed to be suspenseful. 
bad There's so much menace and portent in this adaptation of Armistead Maupin's novel that you're psyched for a high-voltage compound of shock and awe that never materializes. 
good The Night Listener has flaws, particularly a double ending that raises more questions than it resolves, but it conjures a haunting mood of anxiety that settles around you like a shroud. 
fair The Night Listener features a chilling mood and an excellent turn from Williams, finding both frailty and strength in a man desperately searching for answers as his world gradually implodes. 
very_good Sometimes, holding up even a small mirror to contemporary anxieties is enough, which The Night Listener does by skillfully exploiting a mass distrust that's currently reverberating from book clubs to the blogosphere. 
good The fine line between fiction and reality are put to the test in this unconventional thriller, which is elevated by Toni Colette's performance. 
fair Presents one of the most fascinating characters of the year... a cool, calculated remedy to the late-summer doldrums. 
good an engrossing thriller that probes the human psyche and is coy about giving up its secrets too easily 
very_good Running just 81 minutes, it delivers its fascinating little tale with the succinctness and emotional power of a great short story. 
bad As far as topicality goes, The Night Listener's account of authorial deception certainly benefits from its parallels to the recent outing of JT Leroy as a fraud. 
bad The story is fascinating and often disturbing, but the film never really gets beneath the surface. 
good The slippery natures of truth, fiction, lies, and wishful thinking...get full play in the screen adaptation of The Night Listener. 
bad The thriller is relatively consistent at maintaining the suspense and dramatic tension that made the original work of fiction so compelling to the celebrated writer's loyal group of fans. 
very_bad By the time the credits rolled I was bored rather than stunned by the revelations within the movie and I just want these type of reversal/twist movies to get better, or go away. 
best Earns its place on the list of classic horrors by honouring what came before while staking out bold new ground. 
fair The film has style, has panache, and a strong vision ... It uses Detroit beautifully, evoking chilling foreboding from rows of deserted houses shot from the car's POV in an autumnal dread. 
very_good In It Follows, sexual activity has metaphysical implications. 
good The fright film du jour succeeds as both cautionary teen allegory and unnerving blend of 'Blue Velvet' and the underground 'Deadgirl' ... an instant cult classic! 
fair Even on its own kooky, spooky terms there are lapses in plausibility here that even the most forgiving horror fan will spot, but they are more than compensated by the film's sheer number of quality shocks. 
good Conceived in a way that allows these cliches to be subverted, transforming... safe havens into being more dangerous and terrifying than any of the tropes themselves. 
good That ceaseless slow march will likely become 2015's scariest image. 
fair Ultimately, rather than sex, what seems threatening here is impending adulthood in all its dimensions, and in its floaty, insubstantial way, It Follows catches some of the mingled excitement and terror of growing up. 
very_good It's brilliant. 
good The setting is contemporary crumbling Detroit, yet there's a strong '70s and '80s vibe, with some dreamy visuals (above ground swimming pools, cherry red bitten-down fingernails) and a creepy electro synth score by Disasterpeace. 
best A kind of art-house horror movie, an allegory about AIDS and, believe it or not, a love story, 'It Follows' is one of a kind. 
good Mitchell and his cast really make it work, and the soundtrack coats the whole thing in a sort of beautiful dread 
good So this is when I am going to break from the critical chorus of praise. It Follows wasn't flawless for me - and perhaps a victim of its own hype in that regard. 
best It Follows is bold, provocative, original, artfully made, perfectly acted, and creepy as hell. 
very_good The next time some old lady starts following you with an emotionless stare on her face, you are going to lose your mind. 
very_good Formally and visually it is a work of real craftsmanship, and it displays a conscious understanding of the paradoxes of the heart that the horror genre plumbs so well. 
fair "Follows" Fails to Follow Through 
very_good It's a wildly fun conceit ... Mitchell's atmospheric rendering of It Follows gives the film a fanciful, otherworldly feel. 
very_good The perfect viewer for It Follows is one who wants to see the unsettling things that happen when genres and their expectations collide. 
very_good Even though the setup creates little more than variations on the same basic threat, the film maintains a rigorous tension that is as unrelenting as the ambiguous monstrosity that keeps coming at us. 
very_good What the movie acknowledges is that the biological imperative that perpetuates the human race carries its own curse of mortality -- that the act of reproduction passes on both the gift of life and a death sentence. 
fair ...both memorable and controversial, inspiring the kind of water cooler horror-fan talk that the 'The Ring' managed to generate before it was diluted with all the sequels. 
very_good Good horror films rely on suspense and tension, and this one has both elements aplenty. 
bad It Follows has a unique concept that somehow combines elements from some of your favorite supernatural films with cult classic slashers, but the appeal wears off due to its sluggishness. It comes nowhere near the hype it is receiving. 
fair The film might not be as deep as it aspires to be, but It Follows is one retro horror movie that's quite creepy and has style to spare. 
good Even when you strip away the subtext and symbolism, It Follows is just a genuinely creepy movie. 
fair It Follows specifically pays tribute to Carpenter's horror precedent in its middle-class setting, its likable characters and its spare, nerve-fraying musical soundtrack. 
very_good Remember, kids, when you have sex, you're having sex with every person they've ever had sex with. And also with a demon stalking all of you. 
fair The better things in "It Follows" are a tempting tease for what the film's young director will do next. 
very_good Stylish filmmaking, invigorating and delightfully creepy. 
good ...unique and arresting. 
good Despite that title -- and the debt owed to 1970s cinema, most glaringly in the film's creepy techno-organ score -- It Follows largely charts its own path. 
very_good It Follows manages to bend the rules of fateful juvenile sexuality, and does so in a manner that genuinely tingles the spine and disturbs the mind. 
good It's hard not to share Jay's mounting panic as she watches the thing in its various guises walking slowly toward her wherever she may be, invisible to everyone else and entirely intent on destroying her. 
good It succeeds as a thriller, with performances that strike a grave, quiet tone suited to the film's wide shots, long takes and carefully cultivated mood of foreboding. 
best Writer/director David Robert Mitchell forms a provocative filmic world of slowly unfolding secrets, creating a highly disturbing, highly recommended nightmare. 
very_good It horrifies. It disturbs. It rules. 
best I wanted to follow it, too. 
fair It Follows has style to burn, and the cinematography, coupled with a nuanced, synth-heavy soundtrack keeps ratcheting up the tension in smart and creative ways. 
very_good The matters of sex and lost innocence work like a thematic undertow, pulling the characters down into the dark, psychological depths. 
fair Promises more than it delivers, but engrossing throughout. 
very_good It's about many things, but dread infuses them all. You won't be grossed out. You'll be creeped out. And that's a lot more satisfying. 
best Every once in a while a low-budget indie fright flick comes along that makes everything on the major studios' horror plate look like a pile of steaming crap. 
very_good While I don't quite think that David Robert Mitchell's It Follows is one of the scariest movies ever made, it is certainly one of the most unsettling. 
good It's all made more powerful and paranoia-inducing because the shuffling stalkers could be anyone, anytime, anywhere. They're as inexplicable as they are impossible to escape. 
very_good It Follows is both scary enough to please horror fans and deep enough to inspire term papers. 
very_good It Follows is as scary as it is because, in part, it doesn't try to be scary. 
very_good Mitchell's skills in crafting mood and building tension result in one of the most mesmerizing and suspenseful horror movies to come along in a long time. 
very_bad Follows is an effective pastiche but a studied one; by the end, even its ambiguities feel overdetermined. 
very_good A sophisticated twist on the standard "have sex and die" themes of maniac movies from the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
very_good Where most teen horror movies revel in the peer group splintering and getting slaughtered, this one is more interested in how people gather around a loved one and shield her from harm. 
good Jennifer Kent's The Babadook, from last year, turned parenthood into the scariest story of all, and now comes David Robert Mitchell's It Follows, which merges paranoia and teen sexuality into an exercise in delicious dread. 
bad Mitchell conjures up plenty of eerie atmospherics - the camerawork and "Halloween"-esque score are excellent - but the film never reaches terrifying heights. 
very_good "It Follows" is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. It's also one of the most beautiful. 
good Creates a quiet just waiting to be pierced, observing the experience of being young and finding normalcy punctured by something new and potentially scary. 
very_good It Follows deserves to be a hit; it's the pearl you search through loads of home-brewed horror to find. 
very_good ...David Robert Mitchell's It Follows stands out as one of the stronger horror offerings of recent years. 
very_good Not since Freddy Krueger stalked teenagers in their sleep have I felt so completely like the poor kids on screen had nowhere to run, and nowhere to hide. 
very_good It Follows is itself a film that thrives in the borders, not so much about the horror that leaps out in front of you, but the deeper anxiety that waits at the verge of consciousness. 
very_good A wonderful horror film. 
very_good An intricate piece of work that derives its significant scares out of sheer cinematic bravado. 
good It's an undeniable triumph of mood - perfect for anyone who wants to practice clenching their fists for nearly 100 straight minutes - as well as an ambitious effort at reinventing horror by eschewing the genre's common tricks. 
very_good "It Follows" is not really about sex, but an unbearable, unsinkable mood that descends when you come of age, and never completely dissipates, not even after climactic sexual, or other violent acts. 
good Unlike many working in this genre, Mitchell doesn't punish young women for having sex: This is a gender-blind demonic delivery vehicle. 
best A creepy, counterintuitive fright fest that puts a perverse spin on the meaning of getting lucky. 
very_good A beautifully shot, nicely acted, oddly multilayered movie. And one based on the simplest scare of all: Don't look now, but something's behind you. 
good It Follows is yet another example of how smart the indie horror game is these days. 
bad [A] teen slasher with one killer hook 
bad It Follows may have a pretty terrifying premise - the kind of story that urban legends are born from - but it's much scarier in concept than execution. 
good The creature's terrifying persistence taps into a base fear that audiences may not have felt this strongly since Romero's slow-moving living dead first shambled onto screen. 
good Writer-director David Robert Mitchell has clearly studied up on John Carpenter. But Mitchell has his own twisted gift for letting atmosphere help define character. It Follows creeps you out big-time. 
good With long-building fears and sudden shocks both in profusion, It Follows is one of the better horror films in recent memory precisely because it turns the border between the everyday and the supernatural into a knife-edge that cuts deep into your fears. 
good A radically fresh, hair-raisingly inventive take on a thought-worn subgenre. In spite of its stop-and-start narrative structure, few motion pictures achieve the level of usurping dread that "It Follows" manages. 
bad Mitchell puts a twist on familiar tropes, enhanced by Rich Vreeland's eerily atmospheric electronic score and witty references to horror-meisters from George A. Romero to John Carpenter. 
very_good Mitchell's deft handling of relationships gets threaded into an ingenious and exceedingly skillful creepshow. 
good A "dead teenager movie" that gives teenagers, and others, a moral dilemma to ponder? Hair-raising. Literally. 
good A relentless working of the nerves done with techniques cribbed from the avant-garde. 
fair Though visionary, David Robert Mitchell's film abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics. 
good The crash-bang-wallop set pieces are economically choreographed and efficiently edited, but their real weight comes from the sense of brooding menace established in interim sequences in which not very much appears to be happening. 
good This is horror boiled down to its bones. 
best This brilliantly unsettling, determinedly awkward film confirms that there is plenty of life in the high-end horror movie. 
good Acted on me as all good horror films should, generating that prickly shiver through the shoulders and into the neck. 
good The ingenious new teen horror film It Follows will intrigue, puzzle and trouble audiences by turns. 
good The first thing that strikes you about It Follows is that it's a film made with love. And that's something that you infrequently get to say about horror films. 
best You won't see anything more scary this year. Unless it sees you first. 
good Just when it seemed that there would never be another original teen horror movie comes this rough-edged but pleasingly creepy American indie ... 
good A first-rate horror movie, It Follows adds a new monster to the pantheon. 
good It Follows unremittingly pursues the two greatest themes in both art and life, as its adolescent kids learn to stave off with sex, however temporarily, the ineluctable approach of death. 
best I don't think I have ever had a nightmare quite as scary as this film - a modern classic of fear to be compared to something by a young Carpenter or De Palma. 
fair With an inventive retro style, writer-director David Robert Mitchell offers an enjoyable riff on the teen horror movie... 
best It won't let you go and you can't shake it off. Whether you like it or not. 
best A horror film that will haunt your waking hours for weeks. Every frame of It Follows is stamped with nameless dread. 
best Passive and relentless, familiar and terrifying, predictable and shocking - and impossible to shake off. 
best A sense of dread envelopes every scene thanks to combination of Mitchell's slow, measured tracking shots and the stunning score from Disasterpeace. 
best A bold, terrifying attack of cinema, immersive on the levels of imagery both beautiful and grotesque, and scares from the shallowest to the most pervasive. 
very_good Mitchell's measured camera movements and dedication to slow burn scares with big, terrifying payoffs are worth the price of admission alone. 
fair It Follows is a lot like sex; even when it's kind of bad it's still pretty good. 
fair A hauntingly original and genuinely unsettling take on familiar spooky elements that ultimately doesn't quite hang together and might even alienate hardcore horror fans. 
best Suspenseful, atmospheric and spine-tingling horror cinema which nods at the masters and completely astounds as it manages the tough feat of being striking, sensitive and utterly disturbing. 
bad A low budget horror that injects new blood into the genre's evergreen 'teen sex has horrifying consequences' trope. 
best It's not about why things happen so much as it's about why those things can be frightening. 
very_good ...one of the most inventive, exciting, and truly frightening horror flicks to come around in ages. 
good David Robert Mitchell's idea might be the definition of "Slow Burn", but besides a few insignificant pacing issues, It Follows is a horrific work of art with a fresh, rewarding concept. 
good Truly unsettling. One of the best horror movies to come along in a while. 
best Tender, remarkably ingenious and scalp-pricklingly scary. 
bad ...poignancy doesn't interfere with director Anderson's primary objective, which is to show people shooting each other and blowing stuff up. 
bad Despite being hampered by second-rate special effects and too many action film cliches, Soldier does have its fun parts. 
very_bad Soldier didn't deserve to be treated so harshly critics, but it didn't deserve recommendations either. 
terrible Wow. What a terrible movie. 
very_bad Disappointing. 
very_bad There's too little character development and no reason to care. 
fair A doggedly simple-minded diversion of rare purity. 
very_bad Everything in this film is criminally bland, except for Russell's badass attitude. 
bad Competent and nothing more. 
bad I doubt that Kurt Russell has ever had less dialogue to work with than he has in this film. 
bad Soldier wants to be an intense thriller with cerebral significance, but suffers from self-seriousness and silly cliches. 
fair A potent comic-book-style action-adventure. 
fair Derivative, dreary and painfully silly! 
terrible For testosterone freaks only! 
bad Yet another video game for the big screen which has momentum and a terrific set going for it. 
terrible The trick is that it could have been a treat. 
terrible When it comes to details like plot, character development, and genuine excitement, the film is lost in space. 
terrible An insipid science fiction action yarn that makes you long for the realism of Pigs in Space. 
bad As action films go, Soldier is a bad gamble: it rolls snake eyes on every front. 
terrible This is a blood-and-bullet fest, tediously filled with lots of breaking glass, neck-crunching and spine-twisting action, and flamethrowers. 
terrible If you didn't know any better, you would think I was about to describe the plot of a Chuck Norris or Jean Claude Van Damme straight to video film. 
terrible It plays even worse than it sounds. 
bad Skip it, if you don't like guns, explosions or Kurt Russell. 
bad Action is everything in this sinewy, visually impressive sci-fi military adventure! 
very_bad You end up hating the movie that started out so good, started out so intriguing. 
terrible Anderson's novel solution to slow-moving stretches is to add explosions. But when it comes to directing actors, he's at a loss. 
very_bad Those looking for an escape from the wearing bonds of logic and sensibility could do worse, though any film featuring a professional killer named 'Todd' is surely more fiction than science. 
very_bad Even taken as a loud no-brainer action movie you'll find that Soldier ends rather abruptly and unsatisfyingly. 
very_bad With all the charisma and liveliness of a tree, [Russell] gives a wooden performance as a wooden character. Where's the art in that? 
very_bad The action is strictly routine. 
very_bad A ... studied, narratively elliptical creation. 
good The Grandmaster is something pretty special. 
best A present-tense record of nation-splitting turmoil, Patricio Guzman's monumental documentary The Battle of Chile remains a landmark of activist cinema. 
bad Quick, what's the first thing you do as a director trying to make yourself seem cool, besides editing the movie backwards? Right! You shoot your scenes in one continuous shot. 
very_good A quixotic film of tone-poem rhythms about the unquenchable desire for lost love. 
best A hypnotic and intense masterwork on grief, the afterlife, and the yearning of the soul that can turn darkness into light. 
bad In this case, truth isn't stranger than fiction, it's just strangely hackneyed. 
bad Director Nick Moran obviously feels strongly about the material but fails to create a consistent tone. 
very_bad A de-glamourised Natascha McElhone is so unconvincing as the harridan of a mother that her performance is hard to take seriously. 
bad It's a heck of a lot better than director Nick Moran's last movie (Joe Meek biopic Telstar), but could have done with tighter storytelling and better casting. 
good [An] excellent adaptation of Kevin Lewis's bestselling book about his difficult and at times harrowing life. 
bad Nick Moran -- like Casey Affleck, an actor-turned-director -- marshals his relentlessly grim material unflinchingly, and Rupert Friend, as the adult Kevin, is engaging and convincing in a complex role. 
terrible If you have tears, prepare to shed them for some other tale of woe. 
terrible Lewis' story is unquestionably horrific but by forcing it into the mould of a triumph-over-adversity heart-warmer, all of the raw, nasty edges have been smoothed off to leave a sickly-sweet wad of gloop. 
very_bad Sadly, in relating Kevin Lewis's journey from physically and emotionally abused child to best-selling novelist, Moran displays a tendency towards melodrama that overwhelms the story. 
very_bad If you're going to make a biopic about an abused child who grows up to be a bare-knuckle boxer, it might help to hire an actor who looks like he can actually handle himself in a scrap or two. 
bad Strong performances by Rupert Friend and Augustus Prew as the grown-up and teenage Kevin give Moran's rite-of-passage tale genuine emotional ballast. A worthy follow-up to Telstar. 
very_bad This is an inspiring story, but it's badly told. Best read the book instead. 
good From the film's tough opening all the way to the credits, director Nick Moran ladles everything on thick. Some viewers might complain that makes the film a shameless heartstring-tugger. Others, including me, won't see why that's a problem. 
good Raw, absorbing and packing a powerful punch, The Kid marks Moran as a serious contender. 
good Impressively directed, superbly written and frequently harrowing, this is a brilliantly acted drama that delivers a powerfully emotional punch. 
good Maintains its intrigue amidst an existential style that normally results in slow and drearily dull cinema. 
fair The condemned die a thousand deaths while awaiting execution in Iran. 
bad The film's attempts to expose flaws in the criminal justice system or give insights into the war against terror seem superficial, but Closed Circuit is entertaining in a sub-Hitchcock way. 
fair I think this moves at a rapid pace. I think it has got really good performances. 
fair This is a genre I usually enjoy and while CLOSED CIRCUIT has some shortcomings it's a thought-provoking thriller. 
very_bad A story that hinges on a point of legalese is every bit as dreary as it sounds. 
bad Even allowing that the shortcomings of tactfulness are partly what it's about, the film's own tactfulness feels vaguely unsatisfying. 
very_bad With superficial characters, this look at the British justice system is a dour disappointment. 
very_bad A twisty, attention-demanding legal thriller, it works for about half its length before the plotting and plausibility suddenly, inexplicably turn to water. 
bad If this is indeed the time to ask hard questions of ourselves and our government, Closed Circuit shouldn't be the film we turn to for inspiration. 
bad The trailers have sold this film as a slick thriller, but unfortunately Closed Circuit is more chamomile tea than Red Bull. 
bad An entertaining reminder that legal affairs are rarely black and white. 
very_bad Closed Circuit may tackle some heavyweight issues but it ends up feeling lightweight. 
very_bad Some moody night-time London location work from cinematographer Rob Hardy almost saves the day, but overall it's a losing battle. 
very_bad Closed Circuit is too full of play-acting to resonate with our jittery moment as more than a skit, perhaps because half its cameras feel as though they're pointed in the wrong direction. 
very_bad The gunmetal cinematography and sleek backgrounds plunge us so quickly into Conspiracy Central that we immediately assume the worst of every police officer, judge and cabinet minister. 
bad This London-set political thriller is a damp squib. 
very_bad Enjoyment of this film rather depends on believing that our security services might not only be corrupt but so inept that a young female barrister could overpower an agent with a licence to kill, and a 14-year-boy could easily escape from a safe house. 
very_bad It plays as cut-price Le Carre; a recording of a recording of superior films. The picture is fuzzy, and the plot becomes garbled. 
very_bad John Crowley emails in his directing: "Get actor A to say his line, then get actor B to say hers." 
very_bad Let down by clunky dialogue, plodding direction, a stultifyingly dull performance from Eric Bana and a lack of chemistry between the two leads. 
terrible Paranoia reigns on the streets of London in this drab, noir-tinged slog with Rebecca Hall and Eric Bana. 
bad It's a slow-burning, well-acted thriller that's only really let down in its third act: an unsatisfyingly limp denouement that fails to convey what's at stake with any sort of suspense. 
bad Plot black holes quickly emerge and start to suck all believability out of the film. 
bad Ultimately, the far-fetched plot is its undoing, crippling what could have been a compelling insight into the dirty works of the security services without recourse to over-familiar action setpieces. 
very_bad It's too plodding to work as a paranoid thriller and too ham-fisted to work as anything deeper... 
terrible Ropey performances, join-the-dots plotting and nail-shreddingly awful dialogue. 
very_bad With Eastern Promises and Dirty Pretty Things, screenwriter Steven Knight has proved his ear for London's darker rhythms. Here, though, there's little to raise the pulse. 
good 'Closed Circuit' is an enjoyable, rather quiet British thriller with no pyrotechnics or superheroes. Instead, it's more of a courtroom drama about politics and cover-ups. 
fair Part of the film's problem is that the emotional core of the story comes with its own case of closed-circuitry. But, don't get me wrong -- it's not a total miss. 
good A lot of classy talent is involved--and so expectedly on point are their efforts that one almost overlooks the overall rote and mechanical workings. 
fair Subdued yet suspenseful, a timely conspiracy thriller. 
good Pretty solid in an old-fashioned sense, a movie committed to refined, quality storytelling without a whole lot of extra heft. 
bad A dreary and derivative thriller that is nowhere near as smart or controversial as it clearly believes itself to be. 
bad Even though the film's plot completely unravels in the last half-hour of the movie, I still enjoyed the set-up enough. 
very_bad If you're going to do pulp, do pulp. Don't dress it up in something serious. 
fair We're probably not inspired by these characters to be better people, but we are reminded through them of how much harder it is to stand by our principles in life's biggest moments when we haven't had much practice doing so day to day. 
bad Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall provide solid performances but a muddled story makes Closed Circuit a political, but not very thrilling, political thriller. 
bad I wonder if the constant repetition in an entertainment context of the idea that government is corrupt and deceitful inspires weariness, resignation and even acceptance in the public mind, rather than outrage or a demand for reform. 
fair It may leave you feeling underwhelmed, but the journey to get there is well worth the ride. 
bad "Closed Circuit" peters out too early to be truly memorable, but the film is nevertheless an entertaining legal at a time when theaters could use something good to sell. 
good Sharp ensemble work ups this thriller's intelligence quotient. 
very_bad All the ingredients of a good thriller are here, they just never come together and Closed Circuit doesn't deliver. 
terrible Director John Crowley should apologize to his cast, especially the underrated Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall, for mismanaging this story. What could have been an exciting international thriller is instead a head-shaking, poorly-executed bomb. 
fair A thoroughly watchable film for fans of British political thrillers, Closed Circuit is tense and fun, even if it's not a work of genius. 
very_bad I'd gladly pay to see Jim Broadbent do pretty much anything, but even he can't save this taut, stylish, but finally meh foray into the shadowy landscape of high-echelon statecraft gone haywire. 
good In short, it feels unoriginal. And yet, thanks to all the highly skilled personalities involved, it's still exciting to watch -- much like re-reading a great whodunnit even though you know who did it. 
good The movie is low-key but each scene is packed with information. Full understanding demands full attention. 
fair Even if the movie doesn't make any big statements, it tells a story well enough that it doesn't need to. 
terrible stumbles, falls, and then goes splat 
fair It's Michael Clayton-lite. 
bad It doesn't really have any grand message other than 'government is kind of shady,' but the microchip implanted in your brain by the NSA could have told you that. 
bad It's a film that eschews intrigue and insinuation for government agents who monologue about the dangers of free speech and fair trials while garroting their victims. 
very_bad This officious, aggravatingly overexplained drama gets more washed out and dull as it goes along. 
bad Closed Circuit raises highly pertinent issues about our descent into 24/7 surveillance and what can happen when a democratic government targets its own citizens to keep its secrets secret. 
good A riveting thriller that reveals the widespread use of surveillance technology in the war on terrorism. 
very_bad wants to argue for its post-millennial, post-modern import. Instead, it can barely hold its own - legally, logically, or logistically 
bad This may be worth a look for those who enjoy a nice proper British mystery on the telly. Yet as it stands it would be near impossible to recommend going to the cinema or paying a costly VOD price. 
fair ...if you can keep up with the arcane British legal process...it's an entertaining thriller highlighted by fine acting. 
bad Rife with convenient coincidences, predictable plot contrivances and breathtakingly perfunctory revelations. 
good Directed unfussily and well by John Crowley, "Closed Circuit" has enough on the ball in terms of atmosphere and crafty performances to take your mind off the gaps in logic. 
good "Closed Circuit" is steeped in the details of English law, and rather than being obscure or arcane, these details ground the film and give it an authentic air. 
very_bad The classy cast, especially Broadbent -- who keeps earning his 2002 Oscar over and over -- keeps things watchable, but "Closed Circuit" grows increasingly contrived. 
very_good Closed Circuit will engage you from the explosive opening frames. It may also leave a deep impression about the limits of personal freedom in a society where electronic eyes are everywhere. 
good Not only an intelligent, well-told and deftly acted story, it provides refreshing counter-programming in a season filled with noisy, uninspired sequels and mindless action movies. 
fair Although cloak-and-dagger fans might be intrigued by the foggy atmosphere, "Closed Circuit's" conspiracy theories are mostly suspect. 
fair A crisply enjoyable, professionally executed paranoid thriller of the "everyone is out to get us" variety. 
bad A credulity-straining thriller featuring a few good paranoid moments - and, perhaps most important, Rebecca Hall running in high heels. 
good Director John Crowley trots his crew around London, working up a suitable amount of suspense. And paranoia. 
bad Mostly, this movie is a series of well-acted implausible events, tied together by a lot of scenes of people running. 
bad A British political thriller that deliberately tones down the thrills, muting its own spy and terrorism themes in favour of a legal battle. 
bad A slick, tasty slice of late-summer nonsense ... 
terrible A mystery-thriller-romance that is conspicuously missing three things. One is mystery, another is thrills and the last is anything approaching romance. 
bad You hear that we're getting a British political thriller titled "Closed Circuit" and you instantly start to imagine the creepy possibilities. 
fair Closed Circuit is the sort of movie that makes you wonder: Why was this made? 
bad A light garnish of greater-good propaganda is supposed to make this potboiler palatable for contemporary audiences, but "Closed Circuit" is really a reheated leftover. 
very_good Intelligent, compelling drama of a kind we don't get very often. 
bad Faced with an unjust world, Closed Circuit waves the white flag. 
good A smart script by Steven Knight keeps the action humming along smoothly and concisely - if sometimes, it must be said, a bit illogically. 
very_bad It's entertaining but misses the impact that can make the genre special. 
bad Captain Obvious goes to England. 
bad Closed Circuit does nothing to separate itself from the numerous other genre titles that are released every year, depicting the same political thriller norms we've seen used time and time again. 
bad I won't be the only one to go for this pun, but "Closed Circuit" shorts out. 
bad Motors along at such a slow pace it hardly earns its moniker of 'thriller,' often keeping any real tension at an aggravating minimum. 
very_bad It fails as a critique of draconian security states and surveillance culture, moving too fast to properly consider any of the well-worn ideas it glosses over. 
bad Despite breathless proclamations about 'the biggest, most high profile murder case in British history' and timely trappings of closely held government secrets threatening to come to light, it all turns out to be rather boilerplate. 
terrible The whole picture is lifeless and without consequence and by the time everyone is chasing each other in the last scenes I guarantee your mind will be off somewhere. 
bad A little too proud of its own eccentricities, often at the expense of the story. 
fair Think of it as: "Fiddler on the Roof" as soap opera. 
good Full of magic and fantasy with an interesting mix of eccentric and complex characters. 
bad A striking feature debut with a creditable stab at magical realism. 
bad A muddled work, neither truly scary nor compelling. 
bad The more I think about Simon Magus, the less I'm sure what it's trying to say. 
fair Reasonably diverting, but the story never matches the movie's fantastic visual imagination. 
bad ...this fable about intolerance is handsome without being especially thought-provoking. 
fair Poetic and ambiguous, it manages to be magical in both the beautiful and terrifying senses of the word. 
very_bad The Kid From Brooklyn keeps stalling the plot to fit in another of the usual Goldwyn musical-comedy elements 
bad Surprisingly pleasing Danny Kaye vehicle. 
very_bad For Kaye fans only. It has some moments, but Kaye is an acquired taste and here the taste is somewhat sour. 
very_bad Has a smattering of effective moments and a creepy cinematographic look to it, but the sequel's redundancy to its predecessor and pulseless feints at tapping into human emotion leech the suspense out of the picture. 
bad Director Tom Harper frames the occasional lovely creepy shot, but the grayness is so enveloping it turns many night scenes and interiors into smoky blurs; the promising wartime themes similarly lose focus. 
very_bad Falls short thanks to its contrived banality, too concerned with matching the exploits of the preceding endeavour than being unique and inventive in its own right. 
very_bad Composed out of almost nothing but half-measures and recycled ideas, and the result is worse than terrible: it's astoundingly mediocre and plodding. 
very_bad The sequel is about as far from the original source as you can get while still using the title, The Woman in Black. It is just as far away from being interesting. 
terrible What's missing from The Woman in Black 2, and what it needs most and has least of all, is suspense. 
very_bad Creepy but unnecessary sequel deals with war, kids in peril. 
very_bad I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags. 
very_bad Feeble scares, punctuated by a creepy, predictable sound track... 
very_bad A suspense-free step-down. 
bad Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares. 
bad Apparently the vengeful spirit was not satisfied and has settled for less compelling subjects to terrorize this time around, and less compelling ways to terrorize them. 
bad A respectably effective, decorously English addition to the current ghost story wave - Frightfully Insidious, as it were. 
very_bad The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success. 
bad The first Woman in Black was a familiar horror story effectively told; the sequel is just as familiar, but the presentation is lacking. 
bad Director Tom Harper makes inventive use of the settings. 
terrible The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises. 
bad "The Woman in Black 2" might have served as an effective tribute to movies like "Curse of the Cat People." That is, if it hadn't completely squandered all this goodwill in its last third. 
fair It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats. 
bad It's mostly deadly dull, and when it does liven up a tad, the haunted house tale offers only wan shock tactics. 
bad The title is more intimidating than the movie. 
very_bad Te eerie power of the original novel, and its memorable 1989 ITV adaptation, is missed, because she's so much scarier seen at a distance. 
very_bad The 1940s setting gives the film's first half some unearned gravity, but by the end the jump-scares and rote plot frightens away the good will. 
very_bad There's building tension, and then there's cheaply toying with us. This movie is a prime example of the latter. 
very_bad Are you scared yet? Check this box: Yes [ ] No [X]. 
bad With an over-reliance on cheap jolts, this distaff sequel excels in fog-soaked atmosphere, but stumbles with its repetitive storytelling and stilted pacing. 
very_bad Deathly dull 
bad We return to Eel Marsh House, that spooky, bog-bedeviled pile haunted by the woman who clearly does not think orange is the new black, and holds a bit of a grudge against children as a species. 
bad She's back, the Woman in Black, and it does give one pause to wonder if it's for no better reason than to scare up some more box office lucre. 
bad not awful, just average 
good Director Tom Harper reins back on the Gothic overkill of the original, keeping the jump shocks to a minumum so when they come - you feel them. 
bad Harper's well-appointed sequel has strong performances even if the Woman becomes a supporting character in her own tale. 
bad The transparent title character from 2012's "The Woman in Black" is resurrected in this sequel, which abandons atmosphere for cheap scares. 
bad The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable. 
bad A much bolder, braver horror sequel than most. 
very_bad With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges. 
terrible Over-egged, underwritten and less scary than a barrel of inherently friendly puppies, The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death fails in just about every way a horror film can. 
bad It's missing a stand-out shock but it's well-paced, stylish and, at times, deeply unsettling. 
bad The denouement is unexpected and satisfying, while the peril provided by the Second World War backdrop cleverly matches the supernatural suspense. 
bad A commercially driven sequel, sure - but still effective. 
very_bad Predictable shock tactics, drippy wartime romance and scenes in which the characters leaf tremulously through Victorian photo albums and spout exposition. 
bad By no means a disaster, The Woman in Black: Angel of Death's very adequateness is its own cautionary tale. The need to keep a franchise breathing but stable, cuts off the new possibilities to make it come thrillingly alive. 
bad Lee clearly has magical realism, fable, and historical enormity on the brain, and even though he stuffs the film with everything but the proverbial kitchen sink, his ultimate point is anyone's guess 
very_bad Spike Lee has turned in an odd hybrid of a film--a 160 minute war epic combined with a crime thriller combined with a discourse on civil rights. 
fair The agenda is obvious, but the rage feels justified, and meanwhile Lee gives us a few virtuoso touches. 
fair Problematic as a narrative...[but] Lee's simply too smart and talented to make a dismissible film. [Blu-ray] 
fair Ask ten people who've seen this movie what the title's "miracle" is referring to, and you'll get a couple of different guesses and a whole lot of blank stares and shrugs. 
bad There are endearing moments but we're in a Spike Lee world where it's okay to interject his "black vs. the privileged white-man" lecture time and again to the detriment of the film. 
bad There's no moviemaking miracle at work here, just a half-baked project that might be Lee's biggest disappointment to date. 
best Lee ... has created a brilliant war movie that encompasses many elements, but manages to engage us with all of the stories within the story he wants to tell. 
very_bad By choosing for his definitive portrait a tale based on a fictional novel rather than an actual true story, Lee has undermined his own efforts to properly depict the wartime experience for WWII-era blacks. 
fair Lee shows a knack for combat scenes and both the brutality and brotherhood of man. Opportunism, barbarism and hope mix in the most piercing, cathartic scenes. But his grudge match with Clint Eastwood weighs too heavily, and it's an ambitious mess. 
very_bad Full of cliches and the very stereotypes against which director Spike Lee rails, "Miracle at St. Anna" is a television movie that's far below the capabilities of one of the most talented living film directors. 
fair There are moments of such indescribable beauty in 'Miracle at St. Anna' that they move you to tears. There are also moments that leave you shaking your head in bewilderment and frustration. 
good This isn't on the same caliber as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, but really, what is? This is a decent war movie that should satisfy most fans of the genre. 
bad A messy patchwork of ideas spinning off every which way...but failing to be good doesn't mean that it's not interesting. 
bad Half way through it becomes clear the ending doesn't matter compared to the journey, I just don't know if Spike Lee feels the same way. 
bad Maudlin climax leaves a treacly residue of exaggerated valor and sentiment. 
very_bad The combination of Lee's concerns for his characters' depictions with Disney's concerns for mass-market appeal ends up pleasing no one. 
very_bad Miracle doesn't seem to have any one point of view, and without a united, central perspective to hold things together, the storyline feels very random and meandering. 
good Lee shows his grittiness by allowing everyone to speak in their native languages. My hat's off to him for that. I'm not a fan of war films where all opposing sides speak English. 
fair Too long, but picks up after an abysmal start. 
very_good An overdue history lesson about the indelible stain left by Jim Crow on the conflicted minds of black men forced to wage a white man's war when they'd really prefer to be fighting for their own civil rights. 
bad There's enough here to make a thrilling, dynamic and even moving war movie, if only Lee could have kept his excesses out of the way of his filmmaking strengths. 
bad What the hell happened to Spike Lee? Where did the brilliant director with the fresh, edgy and inventive ideas go? 
very_bad Lee's intention was to show the contributions of African American soldiers. However, he does these men a disservice by perpetuating the very stereotypes that he rails against. 
fair At the end of this nearly three hour movie, what you have is a noble attempt thwarted by uneven artistic choices. 
fair The momentum increases considerably in the final hour of this 2-hour, 40-minute film, when Lee combines action and emotion in a way that makes cinematic sense. But it's a long, spotty time getting there. 
bad [Lee] resorts to many of the same hoary cliches and fantasy situations he so frequently condemns. 
bad I admire his passion and technique, but I hope he rediscovers the discipline that made movies such as The Inside Man so good. 
bad It's disappointingly heavy-handed as an examination of racial prejudice in the military. 
terrible The impulse here is to say something about the nobility of this movie's intent or to note that Spike Lee is one of our best filmmakers. But the first and most honest thing to say about Miracle at St. Anna is that it's an awful mess. 
bad Finds Lee surprisingly off his game with an ambitious project that aims big but achieves little. 
fair Ultimately, the film falters -- due to its length, some unconvincing European characters and too many turns that depend on sudden supernatural intervention. 
bad The sad thing is, there's a perfectly fine, Sam Fulle-rish, 90-minute war movie on a worthy subject trapped somewhere in the self-indulgences of Miracle at St. Anna. 
bad Lee takes nearly three hours to tell this sad tale, but he never makes the most of the opportunity. 
good Miracle is far from the sensitive racial politics Lee is capable of delivering, but darned if it isn't rousing good fun. 
bad Pedestrian and awkward, this film is a disappointment not only in comparison with Lee's earlier epic, the underrated Malcolm X, but also in comparison with another film with similar aims, Rachid Bouchareb's Days of Glory. 
fair Unsuccessfully ambitious, the movie is nonetheless unique and creative enough to be worth sitting through -- or would be had it been about an hour shorter. 
bad At least it's a good-looking movie, with fine cinematography and production design. But Lee's heart isn't in this one ... and it shows. 
bad Spike Lee's World War II epic Miracle at St. Anna is a good movie wrapped in rags. Sadly, what could have been a handsome, poignant spectacle is diminished. 
good A fine movie and a fascinating near miss. Even a Spike Lee film as imperfect as this one is more deserving of your attention than 90 percent of what's out there. 
bad Though it runs for roughly two hours and 40 minutes, there's nothing particularly epic about Spike Lee's version of the war. 
very_good Lee brings a maturing sensibility and a talent for ensemble performance to a tale that is loving, angry and profoundly American. 
bad Setting the record straight after so many years and so many movies is not necessarily a simple undertaking, and this film sometimes stumbles under its heavy, self-imposed burden of historical significance. 
bad This movie is too many things without one of those things ever breaking your heart or boiling your blood. 
good For all his excesses and wrong turns, Lee has made a grown-up movie with an adult sense of loss and an adult sense of hope. He may be addicted to broad flourishes, but he has the big emotions to back them up. 
fair Miracle at St. Anna is a real revelation. It is also not a perfect film. 
very_bad This is like the 'Where's Waldo' of war films: Find the story, locate the characters. You have three hours. Good luck to you. 
good Hidden within the two hours and 40 minutes is a very good, much smaller film, and it's worth seeking out. 
bad Surprisingly lethargic, unfocused, fragmented, combining a murder-mystery with an R-rated war epic in a muddle of 'miracles.' 
bad What could have been Spike Lee's best film since Do the Right Thing, Miracle turns out to be a confusing mess that is topped off with an annoying child. 
good If Miracle at St. Anna fails, let it be said that most filmmakers would kill for a failure like this. 
very_bad Spike Lee bites off far more than he can possibly chew and ends up choking on his overindulgence. Despite flashes of extraordinary genius, Miracle at St. Anna is little more than a cartoon masquerading as a mature movie. 
good a good movie that doesn't reach greatness, even though it could have 
very_bad There are many mysteries on hand in "Miracle at St. Anna" but the biggest mystery of all is how anyone could have deemed the rambling and seriously undisciplined screenplay by James Baldwin ready for filming. 
bad If nothing else, at least Lee can feel some degree of satisfaction knowing he's made a movie about as ineffective and incoherent as Clint Eastwood's Flag of our Fathers. 
very_bad Clearly, Lee's efforts show a director who is passionate about the film's message and isn't just attaching his name to get a big paycheck. No, this is a labor of love but it's just as much of a labor to sit through. 
bad There's a good two hour movie here. Too bad it's lost in a disjointed, meandering narrative. 
very_good ...one of the most wrenching war films I've seen. 
bad even at a bloated 155 minutes, Lee's picture seems to aimlessly tread water 
bad Miracle at St. Anna aspires to be epic, but mostly it's just unfocused, sprawling and badly in need of editing. 
bad Unfortunately, it's a jumble of disparate story elements that don't fit together. 
bad Brutal WWII battlefield fable isn't for kids. 
fair The 166-minute running time is less the result of epic sweep than of Lee's tendency to digression, repetition and sentiment, which thwart dramatic tension and clarity and cause swings in tone. 
bad Some themes are familiar, others freshly provocative. But nearly all get scattered as screenwriter James McBride lets the story drift off in six directions at once. 
good Miracle is, by turns, a dazzling, dim, lucid, confounding, absorbing, tedious, silly, profound, bloody and bracing account of four African American infantrymen separated from their Buffalo Soldiers unit in Tuscany during World War II. 
good An uneven blend of realism and fantasy. The movie is both vivid and baffling -- which is to say, it was made by Spike Lee. 
good There are scenes that could have been lost to more decisive editing, but I found after a few days that my mind did the editing for me, and I was left with lasting impressions. 
bad A World War II story of four black soldiers that is lifted above its confusing subplots and multiple characters by two magical moments of compassion. 
bad Ultimately Miracle at St. Anna aims too high, or at least at too many targets. Lee would have been better served to concentrate on one of the many aspects of the story. 
very_bad [A] sloppy, absurdly long mashup of combat film cliches. 
very_bad A dollop of Saving Private Ryan, a dash of Letters from Iwo Jima, and a sprinkle of Italian neorealism characterize the style and sentiment of Miracle at St. Anna. 
terrible A major disappointment. 
fair It's impossible not to admire what Lee has wrought here, and the evident passion with which it has been brought to the screen. However, the realization is flawed, and those flaws make this 160-minute epic feel a little too much like an ordeal. 
bad Lee's creative passion is apparent throughout Miracle at St. Anna, but the screenplay lets him, and the audience, down. 
bad When Miracle at St. Anna falters, it's in the moments that seem like they could have been crafted by any other film maker; when Miracle at St. Anna succeeds, it's in the moments that could only have been crafted by Lee. 
bad It's always engaging, but the constant tonal shifts sometimes disjoint what should have been a seamless narrative. 
fair St. Anna is probably too strange and unwieldy to become the classic that Lee wants it to be, but it's a worthy stretch for the director. 
good a funny movie about the sexes that doesn't diminish either gender in its execution--a tougher task, obviously, than one would presume. 
bad What Happens in Vegas has mediocre direction and a strained screenplay, so how can it be any good? What carries the film is its two stars. If Ashton Kutcher bothers you, you'll probably hate What Happens in Vegas. If Cameron Diaz leaves you 
very_bad Another predictable romantic comedy, one that insists that spending time locked into an unhappy marriage doesn't breed contempt, but sows love. [Blu-ray] 
bad The combined verve Diaz and Kutcher bring to the table saves a routine time-killer from being entirely forgettable. 
very_bad I only wish they'd have spent more time drunk and in Vegas in the whole movie. Alas... 
terrible From seeing this movie and talking to several moviegoers, I discovered that there are two kinds of people: people who like Ashton Kutcher, and people who don't. 
terrible Should have stayed, not in Vegas, but elsewhere in the state of Nevada. How about those mountains where they are supposed to store the radioactive waste? 
fair Both Kutcher and Diaz are in full-on desperation mode, straining in each scene to prove they can still be relevant, showing flashes of the charm that made them famous in the first place. 
terrible During the screening, I tried to come up with as many synonyms for the word "excruciating" as I could. 
very_bad attempts nothing novel in its retelling of the couple who don't realize that they are perfect for each other, aside from positing an unsavory new popcorn topping 
bad (Vegas) isn't a horrible film but it is not worth spending your money on to see in theatres. 
very_bad ...one of those bird-brained contrivances that would be over in no time if any of the characters had a lick of sense... 
bad Pleasantly forgettable. 
bad It's a sure bet you'll realize "What Happens in Vegas" is a by-the-numbers romantice comedy within the first 15 minutes. 
terrible Like many Vegas weddings, this mean-spirited "romantic comedy" only makes sense if you're drunk. 
bad ena Tzak Pot sta klise poy paradoksos leitoyrgei anapanteha apotelesmatika, kyrios hari stin yperballoysa karikatoyristiki apeikonisi ton haraktiron poy se stigmes ftanei to anegkefala ksekardistiko kai sti himeia toy zeygoys ton ermineyton 
bad Hardly a massive gamble, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher play a safe romcom hand you can tolerate. 
terrible What happens in this seriously flawed would-be romantic comedy is Nothing Much. 
bad It's less obnoxious than Fool's Gold, less forced than Made of Honor and less formulaic (well, by a sliver, anyway) than 27 Dresses. 
terrible What Happens in Vegas is a sorrow attempt at a romantic comedy. So let the saying stand What happens in Vegas, should stay in Vegas. 
bad Ultimately, What Happens in Vegas resembles a drunken night in Sin City; when it's over, you don't really remember what happened except that it wasn't good. 
fair Two fresh stars elevate the material into solid entertainment 
bad Kutcher has talent and potential. It has been his misfortune to attach his star to people who aren't up to the quality of his talent. He has time to correct this, but the clock is ticking. 
good I can't recommend it as a must-see date night getaway, neither will I discourage audiences looking for a little bit of mindless rom-com fun. And given the likable nature of the film's two stars, this trip to "Vegas" coasts by on just enough charm to make 
very_bad The colorful second bananas' bawdy badinage turns out to be a lot funnier than that of the co-stars who have little more to offer than their looks and sexual chemistry going for them. 
fair Wants to be liked so badly it's afraid to do anything that might actually make you respect it in the morning. In that sense, it works. It's a 99-minute PG-13 airplane movie good for a few chuckles and another notch on Rob Corddry's widening comedy belt. 
fair Kutcher and Diaz both make good with what they have, but they deserve better. 
fair With likeable actors like Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz who aren't afraid to go over the top for comedy, What Happens in Vegas turned into a pretty good film. 
terrible Scream, scream, scream. When did writers get the idea that what audiences find really funny in comedies is screaming? A full-out assault on your senses, the film isn't just bad. It's painful. 
fair What Happens in Vegas contains enough unbridled silliness to salvage its lowbrow high concept. 
bad What Happens in Vegas refuses to take a gamble. Like a bleary-eyed gambler repeatedly tossing a pair of dice, it tiredly goes through the motions. 
bad When a movie depends on supporting characters to tell the audience just how good the romantic leads are together, you know you're in trouble deep. 
good Here's a romantic comedy that is goofy, highly implausible, sometimes over the top, often in bad taste, and resolutely empty-headed. In short, it's the best example of its genre to appear on the screen this year. 
terrible What happens in Vegas is nobody has much fun. 
very_bad We all know what happens in Vegas -- and we know, without having to watch it, what happens in this movie. 
terrible Considering that the title of the movie was conceived by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, it's not a huge surprise that What Happens in Vegas is stocked with product placement. 
bad Directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox, who also wrote the excruciating The Wedding Date, this film often seems improvised, and not in a good way. Some setups go nowhere, and some jokes never get set up at all. 
very_bad Screenwriter Dana Fox (the dreadful Wedding Date was hers) and director Tom Vaughan can't find much fun or romance in this. What Happens in Vegas ... offers none of the surprises that screen comedy so desperately needs. 
very_bad It's called What Happens in Vegas, but it should have been called What Happens in Hollywood as it pretty much defines contrived studio comedy. 
very_bad For an idea of the level of wit, several gags are built around the name 'Dick Banger'. 
very_bad While Diaz and Kutcher make their cliched characters as likable as possible, you can bet on this: Any movie named after an already-stale ad campaign isn't likely to gamble on the unexpected. 
good By being a smidge smarter than the average date movie, it makes the first-time meeting, the battle of the sexes and the bumpy course of true love entertaining despite overfamiliarity. 
very_bad What Happens in Vegas is about as bubbly as flat champagne. While aiming for an intoxicating blend of high-energy comedy, the romantic comedy's predictable story, and the lack of chemistry between stars Diaz and Kutcher, don't leave it withmuch of a kick. 
bad The latest uptight chick/slacker dude romantic comedy is so formulaic, you could win big if you placed bets on what's going to happen next. 
very_bad What Happens in Vegas feels oddly stilted yet desperate, as though its principals felt the need to overcompensate for the too-neat symmetry of opening scenes with over-the-top violence and bright orange tans. 
bad It's a testament to how good casting can help a film and bad writing can hurt it even more. 
very_bad None of this is anything we haven't seen countless times before in rom-com land, of course, and it would be giving the filmmakers way too much credit to say they have entertainingly tweaked a winning but cob-webbed formula. 
good The outcome of What Happens In Vegas is obvious, but the journey there is fun. 
terrible Who knew the title wasn't simply clever (inviting the rejoiner 'stays in Vegas') but a dire warning of a bad movie ahead? 
fair Though likely not a film you'll remember a month after seeing it, it does hit most of the right notes for a good date flick. 
terrible When it was over I felt vaguely embarrassed. I wasn't just leaving a movie theater. I was taking a walk of shame. 
bad The supporting players save What Happens in Vegas from rom-com infamy. 
bad ...one can't help but wonder if there's anything of interest left to say within this increasingly stale genre. 
bad I like to learn something every day. In this case I discovered a harsh truth. You can have slapstick without the comedy. 
very_bad What Happens in Vegas is a clever concept lamely executed. 
fair What Happens in Vegas . . . boasts the not inconsiderable appeal of good-looking people having a good time -- even while having a bad time. 
very_bad Bland enough to make millions as culture edges closer to oblivion. 
very_bad What Happens in Vegas should damn well have stayed in Vegas. Instead, the thing has leaked out as a movie that, one grey morning this week, swiped 100 minutes from my life. 
terrible Amid the bright lights, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher fail to generate even the faintest of erotic sparks. 
terrible not a complete lost cause, but no one tries to emerge from the icky goo known as mediocrity 
terrible The end result is easily the worst romantic comedy that you will find in theaters this weekend (or possibly this year) and yes, I am fully aware that "Made of Honor" is still playing. 
terrible Are you laughing yet? Are you moved by these incredible insights? Are you, most likely, looking for the exits? 
terrible I just don't know what to make of a scene in which a judge sentences two selfish jerks to "six months hard ... marriage," but I'm simply too old and too smart for material this insipid. 
terrible A distinctly awful cover version of 'I Want A New Drug' plays on the soundtrack and is a direct thought to the audience who is going to need something a lot stronger to make it through this unrelentless excuse for a romantic comedy. 
very_bad As tepid romantic comedies go, they forgot to pack the fun. This one should have stayed in Vegas. 
terrible The battle for the human heart has official morphed from witty, sophisticated banter between star-crossed lovers to something akin to mixed martial arts. 
very_bad 'What Happens in Vegas' has a similar structure to 'Knocked Up,' only it has neither the unplanned pregnancy, nor the laughs. 
very_bad So moronic it almost makes the recent mediocre Made of Honor seem sophisticated by comparison. 
terrible Despite the presence of some likable, funny people, it's a painfully unfunny romantic comedy that makes you dislike those same people intensely. 
bad The film gives a transparent spin to the saying that whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but Diaz and Kutcher bring a surprising sweetness to their generic roles and the story's contrived situations. 
terrible What Happens in Vegas, one of those junky time-wasters that routinely pop up in movie theaters, won't make you laugh much or at all. 
very_bad The overall sour tone and worn-out feel of the movie overwhelm any positive aspects. 
very_bad So many things, small and large, erode any sense of fun here. The movie looks like crud -- like it, too, stayed up and drank all night. 
very_bad Though a notch above Made of Honor on the tolerability scale, Vegas takes a shot at love with all the romantic know-how of Tila Tequila. 
terrible You can take what happens in Vegas, keep it in Vegas, and keep the rest of the us out of it. 
very_bad What Happens in Vegas . . . should have stayed in Vegas. Or in New York, where most of this predictable, uninspired film takes place. Or in Hollywood, where such lamebrained ideas are hatched. 
very_bad While watching insipid romantic comedies, I often cling to the comic supporting characters as my life preserver. 
bad With a script that only barely hangs together by the skin of its teeth, this romantic comedy survives on the considerable charm of its terrific cast. 
bad The plot is both feeble and ridiculous, but this still delivers more than its fair share of laughs, thanks to terrific comic performances from Kutcher, Diaz and supporting players Rob Corddry and Lake Bell. 
bad While Diaz and Kutcher work through their stock repertoire of winsomeness, the second bananas steal the show. 
bad Raunchy romantic comedy has a softer side, too. 
bad This breezy confection should work well corralling it's target demo to come up triple 7s for Fox if the marketplace can handle yet another rom com. 
fair Sadly, about the nicest thing I can say about What Happens in Vegas is that I didn't hate it -- although I suppose that's something. 
bad Like Mr. and Mrs. Smith without the action or The Break-Up with less depth--if that's even possible... 
fair A smart documentary that takes sides in the death penalty debate but never shies away from the horrendous crimes at the center of the story. 
good Herzog is empathetic and non-judgmental, even as his interview subjects try to rationalize their lives, declare their innocence and the like. 
best This is humane, fascinating documentary filmmaking that is willing to confront insurmountable issues. And as is the case with most true crime material: truth is stranger than fiction. 
very_good Herzog's engrossing examination of a real life triple murder demonstrates that evil doesn't reside only on death row. 
good It is a film full of despair, but it's also compelling, and Herzog's interview with a death-row groupie towards the end of the film provides a horribly grim punchline. 
bad The film trawls the bottomless depth of hopeless criminals as much as it examines the "correctional" system. 
good Compulsive. 
good A powerful, poignant film. 
good [Forces] viewers to face complex questions about society, justice and the sanctity of life. 
bad It's a decent film, though I felt that a clearer, sharper light could have been cast on the defendants themselves. 
very_bad The extensive use of lurid crime scene videos and subtitles set in a naff typewriter font sit uneasily with the director's opposition to capital punishment. 
best When Tolstoy said all unhappy families are unhappy in their own ways, perhaps he was thinking of Texas. But even he reckoned without the rich, extraordinary complexities of unhappiness chronicled in Herzog's film. 
good Moving and thought-provoking in equal measure. A Herzog doc of the highest order. 
good Offers a convincing and depressing critique of capital punishment in the US while somehow managing to find a glimmer of hope in what Herzog calls the urgency of life. 
good The result is gripping, moving and revelatory, an unabashed if implicit critique of the death penalty. 
very_good Less a polemic than a sombre sifting-through of the collateral damage that collects in concentric circles around an execution. 
good Herzog's tapestry testifies to life's light from death's darkness. 
good Yet another intriguing and surprising film from this ever-fascinating documentarian. 
good A haunting portrayal of people who are neither completely innocent nor wholly evil, and the terrible price of killing, whether in the pursuit of a sports car or in the name of justice. 
very_bad I doubt anyone would give Into the Abyss a second look were it not directed by Werner Herzog. 
very_good An eerie, unsettling and slightly macabre attempt to understand the how and why of three senseless murders in 2001 in Texas. 
good The most memorable image here is the lethal-injection gurney. With its crossbar for the outstretched arms of doomed prisoners, it resembles a padded crucifix -- a ghastly and inelegant parody of a symbol of Christian comfort. 
very_good [Herzog] simply means to show us things as they are - and in this corner of Texas, just north of Houston, things are undeniably violent. And mean. 
good Into the Abyss makes Herzog's point powerfully, without descending to the level of polemic. 
bad Unlike, say, Errol Morris in The Thin Blue Line, Herzog isn't seeking to exonerate anyone or introduce new evidence. He's just there, observing the process as it rolls forward and wondering why. 
good Herzog is pursuing no agenda with Into the Abyss, despite his opposition to extreme judicial measures. He's seeking to answer the question of why people kill, especially in a situation such as this where the reason for the murders was so meaningless. 
very_good Herzog unforgettably shows how when you pull tight the straps on men who've lain down to die, it leaves a mark. 
very_good The overriding point of Into the Abyss, what keeps this sad, sorrowful film from becoming depressing and elevates it far above the usual chatter of liberal-conservative debate, is that there can be light on the other end of even the darkest of tunnels. 
bad Herzog asks, in that probing yet gentle, meditative voice we've come to cherish, "What does it mean?" Oh, Werner. We don't ask such things in 'Merica. 
best "Into the Abyss" makes a strong case for the inhumanity of capital punishment, regardless of the crime or the criminal. 
good The interviews that make up the balance of the film yield plenty of oddities of modern American life. 
bad Herzog is an eloquent interviewer/documentarian. Yet his technically flawless film leaves you reeling emotionally even as you wonder why, and why now, he's turned his lens on the American way of crime and punishment. 
very_good Presented with a humanist respect for the people in the movie that is both rare and heart-wrenching. 
good It's an uneven movie, but a heartfelt and honest one. 
good Herzog takes a startlingly clear-eyed look at crime and capital punishment in Texas. . . He just seeks to shine a light on the facts for the viewer to soberly decide. 
very_good An inquiry into fundamental moral, philosophical, and religious issues, and an examination of humankind's capacity for violence - individual and institutional. 
very_good A disturbing profile of a rural Texas community where disintegrated families produce a culture dominated by substance abuse, violence, illiteracy and other problems. 
fair Watching Into the Abyss, I had the overwhelming sense that, somewhere along the way, Werner Herzog lost his way. 
good It's like a TV crime reality show made by an alien. 
best Powerful and profoundly moving. You'll never look at the death penalty the same way again. 
best Easily one of the best documentaries of the year, this riveting, haunting piece of work fits perfectly into Herzog's resume as one of our most important living filmmakers. 
best A film that will make anyone who sees it actually sit and contemplate their position at length, regardless of their current stance on the subject. 
very_good The subject matter in Into the Abyss is harrowing stuff, and though Herzog has never shied away from harrowing, he also presents it with respect and curiosity, making it easily palatable. 
terrible What could have been a well-aimed examination of the most troubling contradictions of capital punishment instead becomes a maudlin, unrestrained wallow. 
very_good Werner Herzog looks at the death penalty in "Into the Abyss," and as is almost always the case, to look through his eyes is to marvel. 
good The film demonstrates Werner Herzog's unparalleled knack for drawing out the harmony and discord in nature. 
good Herzog might have an opinion, but he does not take a side. 
bad Any subject Werner Herzog wants to explore is surely worthy of our interest. And his latest documentary is a characteristically insightful study of human nature. 
good Not since Errol Morris' masterwork of investigative documentary, "The Thin Blue Line," has a filmmaker had such an easy time of making the death penalty-crazed state of Texas look quite so casually venal. 
good "Into the Abyss," like Werner Herzog's other recent documentaries, demonstrates that he is a gifted filmmaker and an abominable interviewer. 
good The paradox of this film is that it is both unremittingly bleak and rigorously humane. 
bad What is missing is something new - clarity, insight, outrage. Instead, its understatement is ultimately its undoing. 
good A documentary on capital punishment filled with small and humble human touches. 
very_good The movie's an "In Cold Blood'' with a patient, persistent German interlocutor instead of Truman Capote turning cartwheels in prose. 
good unlike any documentary you've ever seen, especially on such an incendiary subject 
bad Upfront in its opposition to the death penalty on moral grounds, but ... never strident or manipulative. 
good It's life's mysteries concerning truth, death and rehabilitation, Herzog posits, that render the death penalty unjust. 
best I've long felt Herzog's personality is compelling and penetrating, and in evidence I could offer this film about Texans who are so different from the West German director. 
very_good An outlandish, compassionate and, at times, improbably buoyant film about life's capacity for grief and horror and about how it bubbles on miraculously in the face of such things. 
very_good Regardless of your own stance on the death penalty, it's impossible not to be shaken by the senseless loss depicted in "Into the Abyss," the overwhelming sadness, but also the possibility of spiritual redemption. 
very_good Abyss evokes an abhorrence of murder, whether perpetrated by ignorant teenagers or by the state of Texas. 
good Into the Abyss is too self-admiring of its own loose ends to come to the indictment that would put it in the company of The Thin Blue Line, but these personalities stay in your head-which is the whole point. 
very_good Werner Herzog's tale of death and life is thoroughly shaped by his humanist passion and attention to emotional details. 
very_good Into the Abyss is a transcendent, tragic-comic masterpiece. 
good Herzog is so unendingly sincere he's able to press emotional buttons that your average documentarist just wouldn't get away with. 
bad As self-help comedy, the movie is no more overdetermined than its own highbrow counterpart, Happy-Go-Lucky. 
bad It's a decent enough time-killer for Carrey fans and those after something light and non-taxing after a heavy Christmas Day feast. 
very_good I have to admit that it was pretty funny a lot of the time. 
bad Mr. Carrey's performance is a return to the rubber-faced roles that dominated multiplexes in the mid- to late '90s, and that's not necessarily a good thing. 
bad Yes Man is proof that reverse psychology works; No, it's not worth seeing because, no, it's not that funny. 
good The benefits of grounding comedy in reality are never-ending, and Yes Man takes advantage of most of them. Peyton Reed is officially one of my favorite comic directors. 
fair [The] writers...pay lip service to the dark side of 'yes,' but don't do enough to explore what could have made the film more than a bouncy entertainment. [Blu-ray] 
fair ...Jim Carrey's most entertaining comedy since 1997's Liar Liar... 
bad I found myself having a few pleasant chuckles but still frustrated at the movie for not bothering with telling a story that hasn't already been told a million times before. 
fair ...a pleasant surprise: a romantic comedy that is cute, amiable, and winning without being excessively tedious, saccharine, or gross. 
fair we won't be awarding points for originality, but sometimes the familiar can be just fine 
bad Sporadically funny, mostly amusing and harmless. 
bad Peyton Reed peca por jamais conseguir definir o tom que pretende empregar. 
fair The most even-keeled, pleasant and mainstream movie Jim Carrey has made in many a moon. 
terrible Numbingly predictable and not as filled with action as the misleading poster suggests. 
bad It's charming enough with some nice comedy touches, but the initially intriguing premise is soon railroaded out of sight by its desire to conform to a tried-and-tested cinematic formula. 
very_bad Put bluntly, don't be afraid to say 'no' to Yes Man. 
very_bad It's a bland, high-concept comedy where the producers seem to have entered the spirit of the thing by saying yes to every random idea the writers came up with. 
good It's that rare thing - an example of Hollywood getting hold of a good idea, working on it... and not screwing it up. 
terrible This dreadful comedy starts from a rotten premise and goes downhill with a series of unfunny sketches, crass product placements and roles that degrade those who have ill-advisedly taken them. 
good Yes Man is a terrific feelgood comedy, with Jim Carrey in brilliant form. 
very_bad Yes Man is not the edgy hit it so longs to be. When you look into the eyes of Stamp and the rest, what you see is embarrassed amusement. They said yes - to a big fat paycheque - and laughed all the way to the bank. 
bad Likeable comedy that's enlivened by a strong premise, a handful of laugh-out-loud moments and a superb supporting cast. 
very_bad Don't expect much more out of this film than what you have seen in Liar, Liar. 
very_bad t's easy to wish that Jim Carrey had declined the chance to appear in this film that celebrates saying "Yes" to life's possibilities. 
good May not deliver the huge laughs one may expect, but there are a fair amount of chuckles and a whole lot of surprisingly effective sweetness. 
bad Terence Stamp's cantankerous self-help guru is a movie high point, a subtly comic performance of contrasts between what is practised and preached. And if the film's not always funny, it certainly works as romance. 
terrible No, man. 
very_bad The central theme of this rather over-egged comedy is strong enough to keep us interested. Although the film itself is far too corny 
fair Carrey does not give his normal idiotically over-the-top performance. Buttressed by a good performance by Deschanel, this is yet another current film that pleasantly surprised me. 
good Reed takes on a fun, but not exactly brilliant screenplay and turns in a comedy funny enough to while away a couple of pleasant hours this holiday season. 
bad Jim Carrey is still a very funny man but this movie is like deja vu all over again. 
bad Either you're in the mood for some mid-nineties Jim Carrey comfort food that's high on sugar and low on content, or you're not. It's as simple as that. 
bad Falls squarely into the category of seen-Carrey-do-this-before, and it's surprising how few laughs there are on his character's path to self-improvement. 
fair Is Yes Man worth seeing? Yes ... but feel free to wait for the DVD. 
good There is nothing new or ambitious about Yes Man. It is intended to be a textbook Jim Carrey silly comedy, and honestly, that's just fine by me. 
bad I had to give this movie two ratings. One of the scenes is simply briliant. The rest%u2026isn't. 
bad Much of the time we are watching a middle-aged man hoping to recapture the glory of his youth. Yes Man is Carrey's cinematic substitute for a little red sports car. 
bad Another dog of a comedy, lame even in comparison to what Carrey's done in the past, and its tiresome premise doesn't do much to help the matter. 
good Is Jim Carrey, in his first full-blown comedy in three years, still funny? ... Yes. 
fair I won't say Yes to Yes Man or no. The best it gets is a definite maybe. 
bad I can't blame anyone for saying no to Yes Man or at least waiting until it makes its way to your local video store. 
fair [It] won't change your life, and may occasionally make you wince, but for those who want to go to the movies to escape... it does the trick. 
fair It's not Shakespeare, but Yes Man is a very funny movie and provides one of the best escapes in theaters right now. 
bad Carrey comedy breaks no new ground but draws ample laughs. 
fair It's a small, nice return to form by Jim Carrey. 
very_bad The first time I saw Yes Man, I thought the concept was getting kind of stale toward the end. As it turns out, that was only the trailer. 
very_bad If you own the superior Liar Liar, you might as well stay home and watch it again. When Hollywood can't be both-ered to come up with new ideas, we have every right to just say no. 
good There are flat performances in the film, false situations and bad lines, but the laughs are there and the message about personal transformation is timeless. 
fair Deschanel and Carrey have surprising chemistry. She can match him shtick for shtick, while Carrey draws from his Serious Actor skills to add warmth to the romance part of the story. 
good Yes Man is fine as far as Carrey comedies go, but it's even better as a love story that just happens to make you laugh. 
bad Yes Man is a nice movie about the benefits and limits of approaching life with an upbeat attitude, but a comedy that was actually hilarious would've had the same effect -- and been a lot more entertaining. 
fair What saves the movie, other than the occasional good laugh, is the charming work done by Carrey's co-star Zooey Deschanel. 
fair Despite some brief vulgarity, this Carrey comedy has charm and -- surprise! -- a worthwhile message. 
fair Yes, you should see this film because it was great to see Carrey back in his physical humor form and it brings some great laughs to the table. 
terrible Not far from that of Liar Liar, one of Mr. Carrey's biggest hits of the mid-'90s...That film was a philosophical tour de force compared with this one. 
fair Given the gloom of this season's holiday releases it is positively cheering just to see a character turn his frown upside down. 
bad If you're thinking 'yuck,' you're right. 
very_bad This PG-13 rated film is perfectly appropriate for any 13-year-old who has served time in an adult prison. 
terrible The comedy, to the extent there is any, consists mainly of Carrey's verbal asides and strained reactions to people. The script gives him very little to work with. 
fair Yes Man is a typical Carrey vehicle (schematically, it's a lot like Liar Liar), but it's better than most of them due to a top-notch supporting cast. 
fair It's a fairly appealing romantic-comedy ending, mind you, and it's in keeping with the rest of the film: I enjoyed it, but I didn't buy it for a second. 
bad Some of it is funny. Much of it isn't. The committee-written plot seems tired and recycled. 
bad The movie itself is a comedic anachronism, out of step with this post-Judd Apatow world. 
bad Yes Man puts him back in the same old quandary and, once again, Carrey lacks an identity. Alas, this time, he also lacks a script. 
bad It's a lazy comedy that relies on crudity and on other easy, cheap humor and jokes rather than trying to do something that's actually clever. 
bad It's a cynical attempt, ultimately, to make obnoxious people palatable by throwing them into a tub of romantic comedy. 
bad With a premise far more promising than anything offered up onscreen, and a star treading water where once he tore **** up, Yes Man is a comedy in theory only. 
bad If ever a movie mistook a premise for a plot, it's this one. Some films suffer from a surfeit of one-liners. This picture evaporates midway through because the story itself is a one-liner. 
good "Yes Man" is enjoyable because Carrey, after making his fateful decision, instills such childlike exuberance in his character, whether it is learning to pilot a plane, play the guitar or speak Korean. 
fair When a girl who makes 'life happen' meets a guy who needs to 'embrace the possible' -- well, the result ought to be harder to swallow than this generally agreeable romantic comedy. 
good Yes Man starts out wobbly but ends up quite nicely, primarily because Carrey has a wonderful acting partner in Zooey Deschanel, the singer-actress with the saucer eyes and unpredictable, behind-the-beat comic timing. 
bad It's banal and inane; Jim Carrey needs better projects. 
best A frolicsome spiritual comedy about a loser whose life is turned around when he opens himself up to a new world of possibilities by saying yes to what presents itself. 
fair Yes Man rediscovers Jim Carrey's comic mojo ... but it won't be enough to restore him as King of Film Comedy. 
bad Yes Man is a pleasant, albeit minor, surprise that actually harkens back to Carrey's glory days with a solid, satisfying comedy that aims to please and mostly hits its mark. 
bad Much like the self-help guru it enables, it exists solely to get your money like a good little follower and then ask you to ignore the doubt that comes with having plunked down exorbitant theater prices for a barely average comedy. 
very_bad An especially lame comedy with a premise so threadbare that it might have been deemed unsuitable for a Rob Schneider direct-to-video vehicle and an execution so tired and listless that it almost makes you yearn for the likes of "Ace Ventura II" 
bad Great concept, but no one has any idea what to do with it once they've gotten there. 
bad has its entertaining moments to make you giggle, but part of me feels a little sorry for Carrey 
very_good A film for our time, in the Frank Capra tradition. 
terrible the flimsiest comedic premise of Carrey's career 
bad A movie about taking risks should not be this safe. 
fair The combination of the familiar scenario and his broadly comic style seems stale. 
bad A high-concept comedy that you can practically set your watch to. It's pleasant enough, yes, but it's also exceedingly predictable and the screenplay forces conflict upon the plot at the sacrifice of the characters' IQs. 
very_bad Is Yes Man an entertaining Jim Carrey vehicle? No sirree. 
bad Jim Carrey works the premise for all it's worth, but it doesn't allow him to bust loose and fly. 
bad Yes Man proves utterly formulaic. 
bad Yes Man is slight and only mildly entertaining, but it could be just the thing to set Carrey back on the right path. 
good There's also satisfaction in more of the same, and that's exactly what Carrey dishes out in this return to form. 
bad A much better romance than comedy as the chemistry between Carrey and Deschanel makes Carl and Allison look like they're really cut out for each other. 
good It's these little moments of avoiding cliche that made me forgive Yes Man its occasional forays into the obvious. 
good ...another chance for Jim Carrey to unleash his inner anarchist - and I was surprised to realize how much I've missed the guy. 
very_bad Could Jim Carrey Be Playing the One Loan Officer Who Sent Our Economy Into Ruin. Or is the Flick Just Bad? 
terrible remains firmly in the doldrums, taking its audience along with it 
good It's pleasant to watch something a little less intellectually taxing between all the would-be Oscar contenders. Yes Man is that movie -- undemanding, light, and enjoyable on its own terms. 
bad It's an often engaging romance shot through with sweetness, a movie that hangs on a handful of simple, magical scenes. 
fair Is Yes Man worth the trouble, then? Not to belabor the point, but yes. 
bad That stink emanating from the vicinity of Yes Man is desperation. 
fair A retread of much funnier films, "Yes Man" is another in a long string of comedies whose better scenes have come from better movies... 
bad The saving grace that it's actually watchable and funny at times doesn't make its premise any less ridiculous or its execution less formulaic, it just means it's not a complete waste of time 
fair Bobcat Goldthwait's God Bless America works well as a black comedy and as a satirical look at pop culture and human behavior. 
bad It's an intriguing satirical idea, and it works very effectively in places, while being tremendously didactic and heavy-handed in others. 
bad Enjoyable, over-the-top, and nowhere near as black as the premise sounds, God Bless America is essentially an extended comic op-ed piece. 
fair If you can take that premise, I think you'll go along with the film and it's really, in its very weird way, quite funny. 
bad It's not that you don't sympathise with the characters' sentiments it is, though, that you can't actually go along with their agenda. 
terrible Gory, unfunny satire that deserves a prize for the most strained provocation of the year. 
bad God Bless America opens strong but finishes with a preachy bludgeoning. 
good ...any film that has the balls to show an incessantly crying baby being blown away with a shotgun will always, unequivocally, get my vote. 
good [Goldthwait's] shown he has a knack for writing films with strange lead characters whose morals you will question, but whose exploits you will want to follow to the end. 
good Murray and Barr make for winning platonic chemistry even when Frank suspects himself of impure thoughts. Goldthwait holds his nerve as the film shifts from ennui to malevolent gleefulness. 
good Embora nao seja engracado como acredita ser, a honestidade do roteiro em sua frustracao com a futilidade contemporanea e algo refrescante em meio a tantos projetos sem personalidade ou ponto de vista. 
good God Bless America is a modern-day parable... It's not always easy to watch, but it's got a lot to say. Just be prepared to have your worldview challenged. 
fair There's something disingenuous about this being made by a filmmaker whose claim to fame was appearing in Police Academy 2, Hot to Trot and Shakes the Clown. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit that there's something cathartic about it. 
good A combination of blatant shock tactics and poignant, pin-sharp verbal tirades from its lead that are rendered darkly amusing, or you would cry with despair at the apparent truth. 
bad The movie has the courage of its convictions all the way up to the closing credits. 
good It does take a sledgehammer to crack a walnut and eventually falls victim to the law of diminishing returns but it doesn't pull its punches and is often outrageously funny. 
bad While the satire works at times the jokes wear thin and there are moments of really bad taste. 
very_bad The satire feels hand-me-down and weak, and Goldthwait is firing blanks. 
very_bad The new film's fire-power is too sloppy, too wide-spread; it barely scathes even the easy target of an American television talent show complete with Simon Cowell clone. 
bad Goldthwait targets today's mixed-up and decidedly shallow celebrity culture with one of the sharpest scripts this year. 
very_good An excellent film that picks up where its predecessors left off, blazing trails for a new era of American satire. What it lacks in delicacy it makes up in energy, drive and hilarity. 
bad An entertaining black comedy that takes some satisfying pot-shots at some very deserving targets, but the script quickly leaves itself with nowhere to go and the second half is disappointing. 
fair Go for the spot-on rant about Diablo Cody, but stay for the chaotic, vital commentary on a noxious cultural milieu. 
bad God Bless America is an angry film, with some good points and plenty of amusing satire, but it's ultimately bogged down by dull pacing and way too many rants and monologues. 
terrible Goldthwait shows a knack for pin-pointing the sulphurous hues within the kaleidoscopic rainbow of alienation and frustration, but has sadly failed to paint any of them black. 
bad Its jubilant anarchism intermittently excites, there's a smattering of well-executed gags and the cathartic violence set to euphoric tunes offers some (extremely) bad taste satisfaction. 
good Sharp on the fallibility of human foibles and sometimes stingingly funny, too. 
bad It's the kind of cuckoo premise that director Bobcat Goldthwait (World's Greatest Dad) excels at... 
good Like Kevin Smith's blistering Red State, this film scythes through the mindless degradation of the American media. 
bad The problem with the film is that it starts at such a lethal pitch there is nowhere believable it can build toward. 
fair Sometimes the truth isn't so fresh, but it's all we have. 
bad Despite a pervasive one-dimensionality, its bold message is well-delivered -- and frankly, hard to debate. 
bad It's about a terminally ill man who decides that if he is going to die, he is going to grab a gun and take a whole bunch of obnoxious people with him. 
fair You'll laugh and be offended, but if you watch it and don't want to be part of the solution, you'll know which side of the line you're on. 
very_bad [I[n a culture of outrage, where even non-events are peeled apart by an army of amateur and professional complainers, Goldthwait has missed the boat. 
very_good It's jawdroppingly hilarious! You'll laugh, but then will feel guilty for laughing. I love movies that make me uncomfortable. Remember how dark HEATHERS was? Well, this is 10 times darker! 
good A wonderfully sharp, funny film that fights tooth and nail against what is considered de rigueur behavior in modern life. 
bad Star Joel Murray is SO good and Bobcat finds the sharp edge of his satirical gift often enough to warrant a look. 
fair This is no simple wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy. It's an indictment of us as viewers and tacit supporters of the cultural trash heap. 
very_good The film features elaborate (and spot-on) parodies of mean-girl reality shows, YouTube nonsense and fatuous news reports but the people are thin and the plot meanders a bit. 
bad This funny, sick twist of social satire is certainly locked and loaded, even if its aim is sometimes off. 
bad The real problem is there's just not enough plot on which to hang the message that mean people suck. 
terrible Goldthwait presents an ironic dichotomy: In his fervor to rail against multiple examples of media missteps, the filmmaker unintentionally delivers a mistep of his own. 
bad In this "Falling Down" of pop-cultural observation, Goldthwait forgets the thrill of the chase; he's more concerned with piercing verbal barbs than actual suspense. 
good A stark vision of American civilization crumbling amid a morass of loud, cacophonic nonsense. 
fair Leave it to the guy whose first film was about an alcoholic, womanizing clown to make you question the morality of our world. 
bad Mr. Goldthwait's screenplay is essentially a comedy act fleshed out with a story he doesn't try to make convincing. 
terrible Through it all, the film never comes up with a way to convince us Murray's behavior has any internal logic. 
fair Goldthwait's ranting dialogue is stingingly funny and Murray and Barr are so agreeable you may find yourself rooting for "the bad guys." 
very_bad Given that the movie starts out in such interesting fashion, it's hugely disappointing to see it devolve so lazily into a generic vigilante fantasy. 
very_bad You can sympathize with Goldthwait's outrage here, even laugh at some of his jokes, and still wonder whether he's decrying the decline of our culture, or contributing to it. 
bad An overly bleak film ready to write off the world and go down in a blaze of gunfire, both middle fingers raised. 
fair Interesting, sometimes kind of fun but, ultimately, not as satisfying as it might have been. 
good "God Bless America" has a whole lotta "Taxi Driver" in it, and some "Network," and some "Heathers" (with Barr functioning as Christian Slater in the equation), and even some "Kick-Ass." 
good Disturbing and often very funny ... possesses a daring point of view connecting rude pop culture and citizens losing grip on common courtesy. 
bad Goldthwait aims at a lot of easy targets. But he knocks them down without breaking much of a sweat, like a grown man punching bullies on the elementary school playground. 
very_bad Broad, mean, with inconsistent political aims and uneven performances. 
bad Here is a film that begins with merciless comic savagery and descends into merely merciless savagery. But wow, what an opening. 
fair Who might have guessed that a mid-range comic whose heyday was in the late-'80s/early-'90s would turn out to have such a sharp, merciless vision as a filmmaker? 
good [It] turns in on its own morality like a Mobius strip, endorsing kindness by practicing slaughter, and pulls us along for the ride. 
bad ...isn't as smart as it would like to think it is. 
very_bad The movie is the kind of undercooked satire that might be mistaken for meaningful by the midnight-madness crowd; let's hope Goldthwait the stealth smartie returns posthaste. 
good A lot of what God Bless America has to say is on-target and is presented in such a straightforward, unvarnished fashion that it's impossible to miss the honesty beneath the comedy. 
very_bad By wholeheartedly taking its main characters's side instead of complicating or censuring his homicidal vigilante crusade, it proves inanely one-note and preachy. 
bad It isn't a bad movie, but it's a step back from the more daring material Goldthwait's been doing... 
good Murray and Barr have fun with the tart dialogue, and despite the flimsy premise and the derivativeness (Goldthwait lifts whole scenes of Taxi Driver), it might be Goldthwait's best film to date. 
very_bad It never amounts to much more than a one-dimensional piece of revenge fantasy that isn't any better than the subjects it's satirizing. 
good We may be ready to crown Goldthwait as the modern Frank Capra for the America that we have created. 
fair Easy to like but difficult to love... 
fair God Bless America is exactly the kind of comedy we need. It's funny in an incredibly dark way, but it also turns a critical eye on the many problems within our society. 
good If you have any complaints about current American culture, this is a comedy for you. 
good As the teacher, Lindsay Burdge gives a stunning performance. 
fair Rather cold, the movie could have used some more humanity or, at the very least, dramatic excitement. 
bad "A Teacher" will leave you feeling drained, even exhausted. That's about right for a movie about obsession, one with no resolution except waiting for the other thud to drop. 
very_bad Ms. Fidell ... has a fine eye but not the makings of a feature-length movie here and, it quickly becomes clear, isn't interested in this relationship or the moral, ethical and legal issues it raises. 
very_bad Fidell's mature style and Burdge's lack of guile are engaging. As the film's emotions grow darker, a lack of ideas comes through. 
bad A Teacher feels a bit like watching some fool cross a busy freeway on foot over and over again for an hour and change. There's little to do but await the inevitable splat. 
very_bad Glimpses of the relationship's dynamics can't overcome the missing sense of how these two first connected, an increasingly problematic void at the movie's core. 
fair If the title is vague, so is the script, which, at times seems to mistake ambiguity for complexity. 
very_bad The movie plays out in a depressingly obvious way, and you have to laugh at the finale's big cry, set to Lee Moses's "If Loving You Is a Crime (I'll Always Be Guilty)." Really? 
bad We're only allowed an insufficient glimpse of the anxiousness and curiosity that drive these creatures, a tactic which feels suspiciously like hesitance masquerading as enigma. 
fair The premise is attractive, but the execution is unfinished. Lindsay Burdge as the teacher who falls for her student makes this undiscovered indie worthwhile. But while we have reason to believe she's smart, we never understand why she's so stupid. 
best Essential Sternberg. 
very_good Fargo, with its grotesque murders and cheery detectives, is a cold gem that takes us to the far north. Its seemingly pitiless light opens up the realms of darkness concealed beneath that world of white. 
very_good A small, supremely satisfying film. Heck and you betcha, it is. 
best It's another daring black comedy by one of the most consistently inventive moviemaking teams of the last decade, brothers Joel and Ethan Coen. 
very_good You have to grant the Coens their due as creators of suspense, mood and plotting, and for their ability to color the most monstrous crimes with an undeniably funny sense of the absurd. 
bad From the camera angles to the set design, everything is calculated to make the viewer feel superior to the cloddish, geeky characters on display. 
best The result is a modern masterpiece. 
best Fargo stands out as the Coen brothers' warmest, most accessible offering to date -- despite its frosty Minnesota setting. 
good In the fascinating Fargo, writer-director Joel and writer-producer Ethan have come up with a film that is either an oddly funny crime drama or an ultra-deadpan comedy, depending on how you look at it. 
best It's a miracle: A tough, honest, bloody film set so far from the bright lights it feels as if it's on a different planet, yet knowable and absolutely compelling from start to finish. Fargo is great American movie-making. 
best The performances by McDormand (bringing a GREAT screen character to life) and Macy are superb. 
best Dark, gritty, and brilliant. Not for kids. 
best Quite simply, Fargo is the best movie the Coen Brothers have ever made. And that's saying a lot. 
best The most complete film the Coens have ever made, it's nothing short of a movie for the ages. 
best The Coen Brothers have always loved to go far, a tactic they don't forgo in Fargo. [Blu-ray] 
best Do you have to be a Minnesotan to really get Fargo? 
best The best movie heroine in years. 
good This may be the warmest movie the Coen brothers have ever made. 
very_good An odd, intriguing, and entertaining film. 
very_good The brothers have returned to their roots, both visually and literally. Their new film is reminiscent of their debut movie, Blood Simple, and its wry look at murder. 
best [The Coen brothers'] very best film, crammed with memorable characters and quotable dialogue. 
best Thank you, brothers Coen. You have renewed my faith in the serious talent who cannot be lured into the pecuniary heavens of Hollywood. 
good Fargo shows Coens' film-making ability at its best. 
best This is truly a brilliant film, the kind you don't see often. Intelligent, raw, funny, daring and unique, pure cinematic delight from start to end. 
good Um dos grandes trunfos de Fargo reside em seus dialogos. O problema e que estes duelos verbais travados entre os personagens perdem muito durante a traducao para o portugues. 
best The beauty of the film is in the subtle detail of the dialogue and performances which continue to enchant on repeat viewings. 
best Any movie that can do that and get away with it as efficiently as Fargo does is something to treasure. 
best She's a sharp cookie. 
best I could have done without the blood (including a scene with a person being fed into a wood chipper), but the comedy is hilarious. 
very_good Finally, [the Coens] have given us characters we can care for, a story that keeps us wondering, hoping and guessing, as well as the distinctive visual style that marks all Coen productions. 
best Written and directed with the verve, painstaking nuance and outrageously black humour that have become the mainstay of a Coen movie. 
good It's easy to admire what the Coens are trying to do in Fargo, but more difficult to actually like the film. 
best To watch it is to experience steadily mounting delight, as you realize the filmmakers have taken enormous risks, gotten away with them and made a movie that is completely original, and as familiar as an old shoe. 
very_good A quirky violent comedy that's worth watching. 
fair Overall, the movie's plot-line is so-so, the acting is above par, the soundtrack is original, and some memorable scenes reside. 
good With the subtle, homespun and ironic performances of Macy and Frances McDormand ... the film becomes a darkly laughable tale of small town normality going awry. 
good ...one of the most hilariously twisted murder mysteries to come along since, well, since never. 
best It combines a sheer energy of satire, comedy and thriller that it seems at first glance an impossible movie to make. 
best A crime gem that is darkly funny even when it's chilling -- and certain to become a classic. 
best One of those rare pictures about which I have nothing negative to say. 
good A nifty bit of nastiness from two of our most dependably provocative filmmakers. 
good Filled with the Coens' trademark graveyard wit and unique camera angles, Fargo rockets along without a dull moment; it's by far their most tightly constructed picture since Raising Arizona. 
good With Fargo, Joel and Ethan Coen return to the glory days of 1987 and Raising Arizona. 
best It brilliantly moves from comedy to poignancy to tragedy and back constantly. 
bad If ever a documentary needed Michael Moore's ability to debunk the rich and powerful in his inimitable sardonic style, it's here. 
good It is a splenetic, satiric attack on the formidable PR forces, spurious thinktanks and talking heads being mobilised in the US to attack the idea of man-made global warming. 
terrible If you like being hectored, preached at and told you're wrong, then this is the film for you. 
bad Craig Scott Rosebraugh delivers an informative if somewhat self-satisfied expose of climate change deniers, explaining exactly where they get their funding from and how they are determined to dupe the public despite the devastating consequences. 
good This film is an awful warning and awful fun at one and the same time. 
very_bad A fiery doc that undermines itself with pub-bore polemics. 
good ... thorough in its revelations, and thoroughly depressing on how the world has been thwarted in this important attempt to heal itself. The film is intent on putting on notice all the "guilty" parties that deny the dangers of climate change... 
bad ...tragically falters whenever director Craig Scott Rosebraugh inserts himself into the proceedings and allows his personal ax grinding to overtake journalistic impartiality. 
bad The title says it all. 
good An entertaining expose of the industry-paid deniers and how they continue to muddle the climate-change "debate." 
fair As much as it hopes to incite outrage and to stir a complacent body politic into action, [it] never quite rises to the level of urgency the subject requires. 
good Provocative, vital and enraging. It goes further than An Inconvenient Truth. 
good A blistering attack on politicians, propagandists, dissemblers and other climate-change deniers. 
very_bad Rosebraugh's arguments are sound and his heart is in the right place, but his execution is self-defeating. 
good Filmmaker Craig Scott Rosebraugh seems to take a kind of perverse glee in hauling out the worst offenders among what he calls the climate change deniers for public shaming. 
terrible What's next, "Big Oil Is Full of Meanies"? 
bad The film's structural flaws appear to stem from the lack of access to oil industry titans and the other usual suspects. (To be fair, the filmmakers tried.) 
fair Collated for momentum, the film's many interviews, wide-ranging archival footage and montage of modern ecological disasters form a blunt but carefully positioned instrument. 
bad Craig Rosebraugh is clearly out to take no prisoners in his timely documentary tracking the politics, inconvenient truths and alternative "realities" of the endless global warming debate. 
bad In Rosebraugh's uncompromising hands, it plays out like a strident screed for those already burning with righteous indignation. 
terrible A grab bag of environmentally related talking points that never quite congeals into an argument, let alone a prescription. 
good Condensed and to the point, the film gets its message out and includes a three-step guide on how to get involved. 
good What Craig Scott Rosebraugh's film lacks in originality, it makes up for in comprehensiveness. 
good If "An Inconvenient Truth" had been made by Michael Moore, it'd look and sound like this. 
bad There are only two reasons why anyone should see this comedy and those reasons belong to Jayne Mansfield. 
good Yeah Babeee. 
fair Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts. 
good Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time... 
best ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones. 
good Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas. 
best The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless. 
very_good the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe. 
best Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away. 
good Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real 
best Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair. 
good Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts. 
best E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao. 
bad While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances. 
best One of the great screen romances. 
good Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater. 
bad One of the most violent movies ever released. 
very_good ... A fitting tribute to all the men and women who have fought and died for their country -- and for each other. 
bad Mais uma patriotada que mostra os americanos matando milhares de vietcongues, mas sendo mais 'humanos' que os inimigos. 
good ...A gripping, fast-moving film that will be added to the short list of quality movies focused on the U.S. conflict in Vietnam. 
bad Almost always competent, but never brilliant. Its textbook approach to moviemaking is so common in Hollywood war films that it can't be called new or enlightening. 
good This is a good film; strong, honest, strikingly photographed (by Dean Semler) and appropriately devastating. 
terrible Mel Gibson's Vietnam drama breaks under the weight of its contradictions. 
good It's refreshing to see a pre-acid rock movie about Vietnam. 
fair Presenta los hechos de una manera que recuerda a lo peor de la derecha republicana, asemejandose a la patetica y triste epoca del senador McCarthy y su 'caceria de brujas' 
good Probably the best thing you can say about We Were Soldiers is that it does justice to an awful conflict. 
very_good We were soldiers es la voz de los soldados muertos que reclaman el haber sido enviados a defender un pais, para luego ser simplemente dejados atras. 
bad This is an incredible story badly told. 
bad I've said it before and I'll say it again: Just because it's a true story, that doesn't mean it's a great one. 
fair A breathtaking but ultimately insubstantial fireworks display. 
very_good There is such a broad scope to the film that it seems ready to topple over on itself, but it very rarely misses a beat. 
good When staying true to its title--which, thankfully, is most of the time--this is an effective war picture. 
best The Vietnam generation has its own Saving Private Ryan in We Were Soldiers. 
bad War is no doubt hell. The only question is, do we really need another movie to tell us that? I think not. 
fair For a movie that is based on a true story, We Were Soldiers has a lot of war movie cliches. 
bad Wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together 
fair There are some surprising and good things about the film. 
good Wallace keeps the tension racheted up tight, and he never shies away from the gore of war 
terrible Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment. 
very_good We Were Soldiers will inspire you and touch you. 
fair An inspiring war movie with honorable intentions... 
fair ...it's a competent film-based on real life experiences in Vietnam by someone other than Oliver Stone! 
best We really get to know some of these soldiers and their families in a way that goes beyond most war films. That gives the film additional emotional impact. 
good A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle. 
very_good The role may call for a great presence more than a great actor, but Gibson is both, and the movie is all the better with him as its center of moral gravity. 
bad Fails to bring as much to the table. 
good As far as war movies go, this is the best studio effort since Terrence Malick's brilliant 1998 picture, The Thin Red Line . 
fair ... a story we haven't seen on the big screen before, and it's a story that we as Americans, and human beings, should know. 
good ... the first film in recent memory that a major studio has chosen to release early in the year with palpable filmmaking passion and production heft. 
terrible The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film. 
good Goes beyond the familiar. 
good The story it tells is both forgotten and relevant, a neat trick. 
bad Wallace is so determined to realistically simulate combat that the big picture is lost. 
good Even those stout hearts who managed to sit through the gore of Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down will likely find it difficult to watch scenes such as the one where a soldier's face is burned away by a phosphorus grenade. 
good It vividly illustrates that moment when our leaders won a battle that foolishly convinced them that they could win a war. 
fair The film feels formulaic, its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff, while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe. 
good Despite its few flaws that prevent it from being a war movie masterpiece, this is still a riveting, engaging and even occasionally quite touching work that benefits from some terrific performances and technically well-crafted battle sequences. 
best ... one of the best war movies of the past 20 years. 
very_good It's a horrifying but gripping movie, because we can discern the fighting tactics, identify with individuals, even savor the valor and sacrifices of the enemy. 
very_good In the end, his We Were Soldiers works as a new hybrid -- the war film as a tearjerker. 
fair Despite moments of melodrama, Gibson makes a charismatic, conscientious military leader, though the script leaves little room for the playfulness that sometimes colors his portrayals. 
good ... a winning, balanced and compassionate war movie, one with room for both heroism and command incompetence, sacrifice and its consequences. 
bad At its best, it's Black Hawk Down with more heart. At its worst, it's Rambo- meets-John Ford. 
very_bad Often stirring, but crude and cliche-ridden. 
good We Were Soldiers is very much like Black Hawk Down, a postmortem of a real battle that shouldn't have been fought and is pro-soldier and, arguably, anti-war in the process. 
terrible Wallace has fashioned a gung-ho piece of conventional entertainment that would have been a natural fit for John Wayne but today feels a bit too naive for its own good. 
bad We Were Soldiers is a far cry from Apocalypse Now -- a movie that extols war's manly virtues, not its madness. 
good Because Wallace refuses to let his audiences be mere observers, We Were Soldiers is a harrowing experience, rich in rewards and insights. 
bad ... a good, if not entirely fresh, look at war. 
fair Though it falls short, it's an ambitious movie that ranges from intense peaks to embarrassing lows. 
good By attributing intelligence, bravery and above all, humanity, to enemy forces as well as to U.S. troops, We Were Soldiers does itself proud. 
good It is something of a tribute to Wallace the director that the shamelessness of Wallace the screenwriter doesn't sabotage this mission altogether. 
good Yet, lest one think Soldiers is rousing, be forewarned. It is patriotic in that it is loyal to its American soldiers, although it is surprisingly respectful to their enemy. 
good With We Were Soldiers, Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in. 
bad The intensely violent battle sequences have an undeniable emotional impact, but how much more of this can moviegoers take? 
very_good For much of its length, the movie consists of battle scenes. They are not as lucid and easy to follow as the events in 'Black Hawk Down,' but then the terrain is different, the canvas is larger, and there are no eyes in the sky to track troop movements. 
fair Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew, and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic. 
bad While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah, patriotic tone, Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective: dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation. 
good As in Black Hawk Down, the combat sequences are filmed with great skill and pulse-pounding immediacy. 
good A solid, sober look at the camaraderie evoked by men under fire. 
bad Despite its best intentions, We Were Soldiers is just another in a long line of graphic war movies depicted in realistic detail. 
bad ... an incredibly heavy-handed, manipulative dud that feels all too familiar. 
good The road to hell is paved with the abandonment of our best ideals to the intoxicating call of manifest bloodlust. 
bad Once you've seen it over and over and over again in the movies, there are only so many new places that a filmmaker can take us. 
bad We Were Soldiers intends to be stirring for its entire two hour and 18 minute length, but only achieves its goal for about a third of that time. 
good For a guy who started as a writer, Wallace is surprisingly good at employing the visual impact of film. 
very_bad Indeed, while the battle scenes aspire to the grisly ferocity of Saving Private Ryan, this war saga often elicits as many howls of laughter as growls of anguish. 
fair ... as directed by Wallace, We Were Soldiers is not a lightning-paced, emotion-filled war movie but a turgid, platitudinous work of calendar art. 
good Like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the Iliad -- it balances the dreadful, unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight. 
bad It's unfortunate that Wallace, who wrote Gibson's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor, has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue. 
fair [H]ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang, I'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by. 
bad Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced, false and fabricated. 
very_bad Succeeds in conveying the horrors of war, the good intentions of soldiers, but little more. 
very_good We Were Soldiers' battle action is as intense and unsparing as that of Black Hawk Down, yet the movie is richer because the characters are more fully realized. 
good captures the chaos..., the grave danger breathing down the neck of every combatant, and especially the heroism that resulted. 
fair Has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director Randall Wallace. 
very_bad Wallace continues to render humanity via simple-minded, Asians-have-girlfriends-too philosophy. 
very_good Relying on realism and never manipulation to makes its devastating emotional impact, the movie rings as true as the death of a loved one. 
good A heartfelt, yet excessively maudlin, look at the Vietnamese conflict that led the U.S. into a full-blown warfare controversy. 
good ... Wallace shows a lazy tendency to rely on the time-tested conventions (which is the polite way of saying 'cliches') of war movies of yore. 
good We Were Soldiers depicts the horrors of war, but also highlights the families of those soldiers fighting in battle. 
bad A decent war film whose biggest strength is its telling of an important story with which the public is not entirely familiar. 
bad Wallace's emotional message and refreshingly non-demonised enemy make an effective tribute. 
very_good The Birdcage grossed nearly $200 million worldwide in 1996, and that is significant. Box Office Mojo says it's the highest grossing queer film of all time, though they're not counting Frozen and 300, and they probably should. 
good Campy, comedic romp with lots of profanity. 
fair Robin Williams plays off of a flaming Nathan Lane with delicious understatement and anchors a farce that moves along at a brisk pace-with or without heels. 
fair At its core, it is about human relationships. They're extreme relationships, and they're cross-wired to get an electric reaction, but they're real characters nonetheless. 
bad What might be a surprise, given the talents involved, is how relentlessly unfunny it is. 
bad It undoubtedly remains a genial crowd pleaser. If the dress fits, wear it. 
good If you like to laugh and laugh hard, don't miss this one. It's a genuine hoot. 
good Broadly funny, with solid performances all around. 
fair [Not] nearly as funny as it has been made out to be. 
bad Pretty funny comedy from the days when Williams didn't feel he had to be either A. TOTALLY CHARMING or B. ABSOLUTELY EVIL. 
bad It is not the Broadway classic, but it's ok. Just for fun. 
fair Broad and fairly belabored, but Williams' ceaseless energy, Hackman's dry wit, and Azaria's insanity save the day. 
bad A glossy miscalculation with Nathan Lane and Robin Williams. 
very_bad This critic admired Robin Williams's performance as well as some of the minor actors, but found the film's depiction of gay people more insulting to them than funny. 
bad The result is a nearly flavorless 118 minutes punctuated with a few hilarious scenes -- mostly owed to the physical comedy of stage actor Nathan Lane. 
good What makes Mike Nichols' version more than just a retread is good casting in the key roles, and a wicked screenplay by Elaine May, who keeps the original story but adds little zingers here and there. 
very_good One of those rare motion pictures with side-splitting laughs where the humor never stays dormant for long. 
good The interchanges and conversation are hilarious, and the comedy continues to build until the movie's implausible but humorous end. 
bad This movie is THE definition of average. Not bad, but not good. 
bad A bit of a letdown in some ways, The Birdcage nonetheless features some scene-stealing performances. 
good Far less plastic than most cross-dressing comedies. 
good It's a rare event when a remake of a film rivals the greatness of the original. 
good An American remake with plenty of new pizazz. 
terrible This preachy bio pic is a hokey take on the birdman with Lancaster being misused on every occasion. 
good Absorbing biopic. 
good Lancaster is wonderful; a tribute to the human spirit. 
very_good Lancaster's brilliant performance anchors Frankenheimer's fine film, a liberal-minded, optimistic celebration of the power of redemption. 
best This story of angels is really an examination of what it means to be human -- in the most profound sense but via the smallest, most trivial details. 
best A beautiful, literate and romantic piece of cinema. 
best How brilliant is Wings of Desire? Understand that Peter Falk is playing himself - that is to say, he's playing actor Peter Falk, who happened to be an angel himself until he elected to become human decades earlier. 
good The cinematography by Henri Alekan is simply astonishing in its spare yet lyrical quality. 
best How much Eurobabble are you willing to endure in exchange for a look at one of the cinema's most ravishing and compassionate screen visions? 
best a film of sheer visual poetry and deep emotional resonance 
very_good It's hard to think of another movie of its era that makes the viewer so fully feel like a denizen of its setting; the roving, dollying, craning camera makes angels of us all. 
very_good A gorgeous and heartbreaking look at angels in Berlin. 
very_good Depending on your tastes, you'll find the film either a beautiful, moving experience, or a slow and pretentious one. 
best What Wim Wenders has done in his most transcendent film is not merely praise assenting angels, but embrace descending ones - we humans - as well. 
good While it takes a little getting used to, Wenders' look at Heaven and Earth and the tug between living an experience instead of merely observing is pleasantly haunting. 
very_good A rich, mystical near-masterpiece. 
good ...a fascinating and enchanting character study and moral lesson that never preaches but gently transports you to a better place and a far more comfortable feeling about life. 
good Wonderfully imperfect, but a gem to those willing to follow along 
bad Startlingly original at first, Wings of Desire is in the end damagingly overloaded. 
best ...philosophical while still becoming hypnotic. 
good ...like no movie you've ever seen. At once mesmerizing and perplexing, this is a film about love and despair and the choices mortals have in dealing with each. 
best The film evokes a mood of reverie, elegy and meditation. 
good At times, "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" seems like a checklist of all the things women had to fight for. But it's a long list, and one that still faces women today. 
fair Although much of that archival footage is incredibly familiar after decades of exposure - the burning bras, the clever protest signs, the impassioned speeches, Gloria Steinem - it's the footage of the opposition that really shocks. 
very_good Director Mary Dore isn't much of a dramatic storyteller in her documentary She's Beautiful When She's Angry, but she presents a straightforward report on the rise of American feminism so passionately that it achieves a sense of giddy triumph. 
very_good A superbly researched and edited documentary about the women's movement in the 1960s. 
very_bad Intermittently interesting and occasionally compelling history of the feminist movement's early days. 
good Dore made the movie to counter the lack of films about the women's movement -- a fine idea, nicely realized. 
good Clearly fascinated with the era, its literature, its sit-ins and its ethos, Dore respects the film's still-passionate veterans, while noting some missed goals and flawed efforts to express their aims. 
fair "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" doesn't break much formal ground. But it serves as a moving reminder of how crucial citizen action is in fomenting social change. 
best It's a useful documentary, and it needed to be made now. 
good A few awkward re-enactments mar the effect, but they're over quickly, while the narrators' voices and plentiful historical footage create a rich mosaic. 
bad A somewhat less than successful film. 
very_good In film after film, Karloff functioned as a wanderer in the shadow land between life and death. If the movies he inhabited sometimes were considered juvenile, the subject matter that motivated them couldn't have been more adult, more profound. 
very_bad If you must, seek out the original to see nasty things happen to nasty people in a nasty film. 
bad The remake deviates from its source material, giving something new for fans of the original to enjoy/moan about, and employ some imagination with a few of the killings. 
bad As remakes go, Last House On The Left is at least a decent addition to the 1972 classic. 
terrible What's most disappointing about the 2009 version is that it strips all the moral ambiguity from the 1972 original of the same name. 
fair Given my particular distaste for both remakes and rape-revenge movies, I was as surprised as anyone to find that this is a better horror movie than it probably should be. 
very_bad The new version is tamer than the original but still dwells unpleasantly on the daughter's rape; this made me ill-disposed towards the ensuing scenes of violent payback. 
good Dennis Iliadis's remake retains its ferocious power and provocative themes, and thanks to a focused script that unfolds in real time, it ratchets up the suspense and sucks us into a remorseless cycle of violence and revenge. 
very_bad This year's model, lacking any meaningful context of its own, is reactionary, conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture, more grisly grist to the multiplex mill. 
very_bad A dismal reminder of just how starved Hollywood studios are for good ideas. 
very_bad The narrative structure is ingenious and sexual assault is at least shown as having dramatic and human consequences of some sort, if only in the context of revenge. Wasn't the original movie enough? 
very_bad This clanging cover version believes in nothing, not even its own nihilism, and the horrors it portrays leave us colder, but not wiser. 
bad Its biggest shock is that there's much to praise, with a couple of stellar performances complementing the mounting tension and intriguingly twisting narrative. 
bad Director Iliadis succeeds by building tension and putting everyone at unease rather than grinding out cheap shocks. 
very_bad A passable, pointless remake that's as slick as it is empty. 
terrible This is not a horror, it's a thriller and as a thriller it's moderately effective but as it a film it won't leave you feeling entertained or thrilled, just a bit uncomfortable. 
terrible It has none of the underlying humanity of that other revenge thriller Eden Lake, and by the end I found the experience repulsive and deeply exploitative of its audience's worst instincts. 
very_bad Predictable, pointless and pathetic. 
bad The cast bring a level of reality to this that's surprisingly impressive. 
very_bad A thought-provoking ordeal is repackaged as a middling shocker which leaves you feeling good about revenge. 
very_bad Wes Craven's 1972 classic has been reworked but it has lost the edge-of-seat suspense which made the original one of the best of the genre. 
very_bad Director Iliadis creates undeniably tense moments in, but the depravity is so gratuitously in-your-face that even a seasoned film critic might baulk. 
bad As pointless remakes go, this is actually pretty good, thanks to strong performances, impressive camerawork and stylish direction. 
very_bad In turning the dirt-cheap original into a glossy slice of gore-nography, Wes and director Dennis Iliadis have lost one important thing. The entire ruddy point of the exercise. 
very_bad The film's nothing more than voyeuristic torture porn. 
terrible Though often well acted and at times impressively directed, the new film eliminates Craven's ugly-to-the-core visual style, tones down the violence and softens the bleakness of the original premise, yet in doing so it becomes more problematic. 
fair This remake by Dennis Iliadis cost a great deal more than Craven's $100k and in many respects is an upgrade. What it lacks in the shock-of-the-new it makes up for with a more rounded storyline. 
bad ... this 'Last House on the Left' doesn't have the bite of the original. 
bad What's missing are the subversive, shocking conceits of the original. 
fair More a thriller about family ties taken to unimaginable extremes than an attempt to engage with any real subtext. 
terrible ...a dispiriting exercise in ultra-violence that even the gorehounds will find disappointing... 
bad A vile exercise masquarading as art. 
very_bad ...just an impersonal Saturday-night revenge flick, of the sort that Michael Haneke's Funny Games (either version) eviscerated and made irrelevant. 
good Brutal. Graphic. Disturbing. The remake of "Last House on the Left" is all those things. And, oh yes, this adults-only story is ancient. 
fair rectifies the original's bizarre tonal range, but also dilutes its thematic power by completely discarding the critical portrayal of vengeance as a zero-sum game 
bad Crafted with such professionalism it might be the story of Gandhi rather than a wallow in rape, murder and the vengeance of the parents (who, true to the domestic associations of the title, dispatch the evildoers with garbage disposal and microwave oven). 
terrible Manages at once to be unpleasant and tedious. 
fair Much less tawdry than the original, and much more harrowing. 
very_bad All the slickness works against the remake because it helps to distance the audience from the unpleasantness on the screen. 
bad Gory and violent but your inner vigilante will cheer 
good It presents sadism in the context of a narrative that is straightforward and believable, and for those who crave a little terror in their lives, it offers a truly unsettling experience while raising questions mundane and otherwise. 
terrible Neither a glimmer of satire nor gram of wit animates Dennis Illiadis' 109 minutes beside the lake. 
good An obvious improvement over its amateurish predecessor... 
terrible Shinier, but no less disgusting. 
terrible if you like rape, you'll love The Last House on the Left. The rest of America with normal sensibilities probably doesn't have the stomach for this film. 
bad Iliadis knows a little something about mounting dread, as his slick camera work is constantly looking just past the brush for something creepy that may or may not be there. That's about as far as the praise goes for The Last House on the Left. 
bad The Last House on the Left is alternately gross, brutal and difficult to watch. It's also arresting entertainment as its revenge tale kicks into overdrive. 
terrible There's little to set this latest Last House apart from other revenge-themed horror flicks of the past 30 years. 
terrible A shockingly mundane disappointment taken on its own and a deeply misguided refraction of the original. 
good The cast, although aren't A-listers, were perfect for their parts. 
very_bad Do not go to this movie if you simply seek entertainment. If you're a sociologist tracking the decline of civilization over the past four decades, you're in for a night of solid research. 
bad I was all set to give Iliadis credit for using extreme subject matter to ask smart questions about right, wrong and human nature. But then, he unleashes an unnecessary (albeit original) final scene that erases any doubt. 
good The action scenes are particularly gripping. 
good The remake is much glossier but also takes place mostly in real time, using long takes, genuinely disturbing violence and stretches with no dialogue to pin you to the story. 
bad It must be said that The Last House on the Left is really well done, with impressive performances, masterful creation of dread and tension, perfect pacing, intense storytelling, haunting cinematography, truly sickening sound effects, and all. 
good A deliberate, underplayed horror movie that is truly shocking. 
terrible Repulsive and dull, together at last. 
good Unlike the slew of Michael Bay- produced slasher remakes, this is not an idea-free flick. And Craven (shepherding producer on this remake) believes in character. More, he believes, in engaging what the word "horror" means. 
good With an incredible performance by Garret Dillahunt and great supporting work by Monica Potter, Sara Paxton, Tony Goldwyn, and others, Last House is the best mainstream horror movie in a long time. 
terrible The movie means to be about how violence makes animals out of all of us, including the vengeful parents. Unfortunately, that also includes the audience. 
bad Craven's version was sloppy and amateurish and felt like a disturbing home movie. This one feels like a Hollywood movie, like a product to be sold. 
fair This flick is one of the most disturbing, brutal and hard-to-watch movies I have seen. It is definitely on par with the original! 
fair Parts of The Last House on the Left are among some of the most intense you have seen in movies this year 
bad I suspect the movie's sound designers deserve some kind of an award: thanks to them, the damage one can inflict with small appliances and a giant grudge is all too clear. 
very_bad Has plenty of gore and a run-of-the-mill, unimaginative plot that feels tedious, pointless, inane and insipid. 
fair Brutal, bloody, and bleak, The Last House on the Left is a rarity in an age of tepid remakes. 
good Craven himself has said that the 2009 is a marked improvement over his film and some fans I know balked at such a statement. Only the truth is they should keep repeating to themselves, 'Craven was right. Craven was right.' 
very_bad While viewers left the original film shaken, disquieted and deeply disturbed, audiences here are meant to be sent out cheering over the over-the-top ways in which the bad guys are dispatched, a change that I find almost more disturbing than anything that 
terrible This is the kind of movie that prompted Michael Haneke to make Funny Games twice, and while I loathed that moralistic scold of a film, Last House almost made me concede Haneke's point. 
terrible Last House on the Left is so stomach-churningly anti-human it makes you wonder why Goldwyn...and Potter signed on. 
fair Sure, the movie is predictable (a convenient storm causes power outages and therefore the dark house is creepily candlelit and who knows who's lurking behind the door), but it keeps its audience on edge. 
terrible Not only is it plodding and completely predictable, the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially, making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn. 
bad This remake plods to its finale. 
very_bad Just another meaningless horror movie. 
fair First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliche. Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career. 
bad The Last House on the Left is reverent to his original. Too bad it's not as nasty. 
terrible This remake is faithful in plot but not in spirit. 
bad For what it is, it's effective. But lost among the bloodlust is any sense of these characters as human beings. 
fair The remake kind of neuters the unpredictable (and sometimes wild) characters in the service of making them less ethically complicated. 
good Enthralling, mature and full of measured tension. The Last House on the Left is no The Virgin Spring, but it beats the pants off of its direct thirty-seven-year-old predecessor. 
fair The Last House on the Left is the best in the latest crop of slasher remakes. Admittedly, that is faint praise. 
bad This film...is what it is: a stark story of bloodthirstiness quenched, first by the obvious antagonists, then by sympathetic, civilized characters who avenge the atrocities that have come before. 
fair Those viewers trapped in the film's nihilism and hoping for more can amuse themselves by looking at the film as an Aristotelian tragedy--take that, Friday the 13th remake! 
terrible Audiences with a brain cell left have only one choice: Look for the first exit on the right. 
good Dennis Iliadis is able to make a cult classic once told, feel relevant and terrifying all over again. 
good Its main goals are to shock, titillate, enrage and otherwise jolt your reflexes, which it does shrewdly and successfully. 
fair I'm giving it a 2.5 in the silly star rating system and throwing up my hands. 
very_good A fascinating and confrontational horror film that deals with terrors a lot more chilling than some dude swinging a machete. 
bad Morally hollow, devoid of bigger issues and discussion points. 
bad A stylish but pointless exercise that wastes all the great talent involved. 
good Gone is the original's early campiness, here replaced by eye-of-the-storm calm that portends tragedy, as well as its later over-the-top grindhouse gore, now swapped for taut suspense punctuated by visceral brutality. 
fair This film is only for those who go in with open eyes and understand what they're in for. 
good While at the hands of a less competent director, Last House could have been an epic failure, but Dennis Iliadis has proven to the world that he's more than capable of directing a film of this caliber - and taking it to a higher level. 
bad This is a horror movie that illustrates the difference between cringing and feeling. 
terrible Someone somewhere will probably try to foist The Last House on the Left remake off as some sort of social commentary. Don't be fooled. It's not. 
bad Palance pretty creepy Count 
bad As close as had been done at that point to the original Stoker novel. 
terrible Just because a movie is made "campy" and "bad" on purpose, that doesn't automatically earn the flick some sort of Get Out of Jail Free card. 
good Obscurely referential, extremely indulgent, and deliriously over-the-top, Django is -- in other words -- everything you'd expect from a Tarantino joint. 
very_good It is plainly a nonstop riot of humor and excitement, and one that matches its delicate nature with an equally calculated sense of importance in leading us to the most satisfying climax possible. 
good Low-level Tarantino inspires exploration, but delivers little more than a blood bath. 
bad The fear, anger and betrayal in Jackson's eyes, when Stephen feels his place is threatened, says more about the cruelties of slavery than the ultra- violent, sickening passages of "Django Unchained." 
very_bad Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles. 
good Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained is a brilliant mixture of over-the-top violence and clever writing, making for the most entertaining film of 2012. 
good A bloody masterpiece. Funny, Thrilling, cleverly structured. 
good It's a testament to Foxx and Washington's talent, presence, and proven rapport that they keep the central emotional hook strongly present as their underwritten roles are continually pushed to the sidelines by Tarantino's overwriting for others. 
best Countless great scenes in the Tarantino universe 
very_good It's exactly what you expect from Tarantino, so if this movie finds itself challenged in any way, it's in being expected. 
best ...the time always flies, and Tarantino gives us a lot of movie for our money. 
good Tarantino's take on slavery is wildly creative, funny and frightening, true to form yet never predictable. 
good Tarantino is, in essence, a classicist who invests the bulk of his drama and tension in lengthy dialogue exchanges that are infinitely more compelling that his elongated sequences of cathartic violence. 
very_good Still wonderfully witty and violent sequences that only Tarantino could manage or dare. 
very_good ...compulsively watchable for the majority of its (admittedly overlong) running time... 
good I had a good enough time to wish that it had been better. 
very_good Part-blaxploitation film, part-spaghetti Western and all-Tarantino, 'Django Unchained' comes charging at its audiences with guns a-blazin'. It's not quite up to par with 'Reservoir Dogs' or 'Pulp Fiction,' but it's still Tarantino - enough said. 
good It would seem that this film's irreverence isn't a case of didn't-try-can't-fail dismissiveness, but rather something more innocuous: it's simply the world interpreted through Tarantino's boisterous perspective. 
good The funniest western since Blazing Saddles, the bloodiest since The Wild Bunch and the most visually stylish since The Good, The Bad & The Ugly. 
very_good Guilty of almost every indulgence [Tarantino] has ever been accused of...but it's hard to hold it against him, when the results are this bloody good 
good Impolitic though it might be to suggest it, there's something extremely satisfying about the violence here-though, for my money, it resides less in seeing these racist thugs get their comeuppance, than in the director's staging of it. 
best it's fitting that one of the greatest American filmmakers of all time is using the western and blaxploitation genres to connect the enduring blemish on the American psyche - only to set loose a bad motherf*cker to set it right. 
best Thrilling, stylish, funny, brutal, superbly-acted, sharply written and wonderfully offensive. 
very_good Django Unchained is a joy. It's fun and foolish, unhinged and unapologetic. 
good Possibly Tarantino's most thoughtful and even political film to date. 
best It's a big, crazy, hugely entertaining, multilayered piece of filmmaking - a fierce but fiercely intelligent testament to Tarantino's frequently questioned filmmaking proclivities and certainly among the best films he's made. 
best Trazendo alguns dos melhores momentos da filmografia de Tarantino, ainda culmina em um climax longo e violento que certamente levara os fas do diretor a orgasmos de sangue. 
good Proudly doffing its cap to Sergios Corbucci and Leone, this latest, sprawling exercise in film lore dares to tread where most other white American filmmakers would not. 
good Waltz anchors this film brilliantly so that Jamie Foxx as Django and the rest of the all-star cast can fit into Tarantino's latest heady mix of styles. 
good Tarantino's best for ages, absolutely not to be missed. 
good Tarantino takes an unusually comical approach to a provocative topic, and the result is as controversial as expected. And also startlingly hilarious. 
good Densely crammed, unmistakeably excessive Quentin Tarantino dialogue, Django Unchained is his most exciting, accessible and satisfying film for ages. 
best A blistering, bullet-ridden bonanza. 
best Who needs facts when there is great vengeance, furious anger and the path of righteousness to attend to? The magpie deserves our respect. Always. Forever. 
good This is Quentin Tarantino's most entertaining film since Pulp Fiction, and its first hour is brilliantly funny. 
best For pure movie enjoyment -- or movie geek (I plead guilty) enjoyment, if you insist -- I hadn't had this much plain fun in a while. 
very_bad [A] piece of have-it-all-ways hokum ... 
good An arresting, both barrels blazing return to form. 
good Not a masterpiece, but a funny, violent, very entertaining crowdpleaser. 
best As in all of Tarantino's best films, there is a strange and brilliant magic at work here; a dark, bubbling alchemy of art and junk. 
bad We're used to Tarantino's films being multi-layered with several plots going on at once, but Django Unchained is a little too simple and, dare I say, dull. 
good Shows Tarantino is on winning creative streak, able to engage viewers with a sharply honed script while authentically presenting unpleasant episodes from American history. 
good Highly recommended. 
very_good Tarantino often reminds us that film can be used as a weapon. Here he purges all that racial ugliness from the past not by asking its left-leaning audience to whoop and cheer at whitey's demise, but by having our hero do battle with screen history itself. 
very_good This is a wonderful film - it is, but once in a while someone needed to tap Q on the shoulder and tell him to ease up off the gas. A master and a genius, no doubt, but sometimes the Emperor has no clothes too. 
good Another strong, sparky and bloody entry in the QT canon. 
good If you only see one 'slavery' film this year, make it this one. 
bad What a pity Tarantino is so busy booking cameos from old spaghetti stars and tipping his Stetson to schlock that he never unchains his most promising brainwave. 
fair While a little overblown and overly long, a wide range of people will find at least something to like here. 
good Pure entertainment, a no-holds-barred dose of double-barreled escapism, built around great characters, great performances and great dialog. 
best A tale of empowerment that packs one hell of a cinematic punch, Django Unchained is Tarantino's epic masterpiece. 
good It isn't the director's best work by any means, but it retains the excitement and punch inherent in his films. Tarantino's trademark playfulness and verve Django Unchained is a lot of fun. 
very_good A revenge film best served cold. 
good A film bursting with pleasures great and small ... 
very_good The film's triumph is the manner in which Tarantino re-envisions cinema's selective appropriation of history and makes it entirely his own 
fair Django Unchained is part Red Bull and part bloody bubble bath. It's a hoot and a holler. 
good This is pretty much exactly what you would want from a Tarantino western. 
best Django Unchained is Tarantino's most complete movie yet. It is also his most vital. His storytelling talents match the heft of the tale. 
very_good Tarantino's latest effort isn't his best, it is his most ambitious, and for someone capable of so much, that means quite a lot. 
fair We're left with an overindulgent shadow of what could have been a much better film. 
fair Django Unchained offers an embarrassment of riches (and actors in tiny cameos). 
good Quentin Tarantino sets his sights on the spaghetti western and delivers on the talky, ultra-violent bombast expected of him in the entertaining and confronting Django Unchained. 
very_good Tarantino's blood-soaked ambiance is perfectly in tune with the more serious undercurrents in his spectacularly enjoyable Django Unchained. 
bad Tarantino's worst movie is only good...not great. 
good A fine example of unabashed bloodletting in the context of the two worst applications of capitalism in our history, bounty hunting and slavery. 
very_bad Genre-movie-mad writer-director Quentin Tarantino's foray into Western World is a pretty grave disappointment. 
fair Pure Tarantino; pure entertainment! 
very_good ... it's a Tarantino Western... people will be screaming, the blood will flow freely and be splattered about, and the explosions are unnecessarily bigger than they have to be. 
best he's either a genius or a savant, I don't know, but wholly without equal. 
fair A lesser work by one of America's most ebullient auteurs. 
good Exciting. Funny. Gratuitous. Inflammatory. Insensitive. Stylish. Stupid. Sophisticated. Grab just about any adjective out of a hat and chances are it will apply to Tarantino's messy mashup. 
best Django Unchained is everything you want from a Quentin Tarantino movie, with a few new things added in. Powerful, dazzling, and insanely entertaining. 
very_good Tarantino's spaghetti western of the American South is an untamed blast of stylishly rendered, outrageous entertainment. 
very_good The sometimes cartoonish and silly violence serves a purpose: It contrasts the moments of truly disturbing violence that Tarantino puts on display, always within the context of the brutality doled out to slaves at the hands of white masters. 
best Slavery reimagined as a messy splatterfest where massa gets exactly what he deserves, and then some! 
fair Though [it's] propped up by a pair of fantastic performances... it simply doesn't live up to the high standards set by his previous films. 
very_good A daffy, loopy revenge story/Western comedy, this may be Quentin Tarantino's most purely entertaining film since ... ever. 
very_bad Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles. 
good Indulgent and excessive, it's Tarantino at his bloody best. 
good Despite a bloated running time, it still entertains with Tarantino's trademark combination of humor and violence. 
best The director pulls off this look at the horrors of slavery with respect for its subject. With Django Unchained, Tarantino, through his incredible, outrageously violent Spaghetti Western Superman fantasy, tells the truth. 
bad The players are in fine form. But the movie he's embroiled them all in is a hit-and-miss affair, at times an amusing reimagining of history, more often a blood-spattered bore. 
good As an entertaining revenge flick with roots in exploitation films and spaghetti westerns, Django Unchained succeeds. But it never rises above its genre to become a real, affecting emotional experience. 
best Quentin Tarantino is seriously warped. But it's in a good way. His fertile imagination produces unique, albeit, violent and almost always, terrific movies. 
best If you had pulled me out of the theater one hour into Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, I would have raved. The first portion of the movie is utterly exuberant, full of life and the love of moviemaking. 
best Brace yourself America, Tarantino's new film "Django Unchained" is a violent, hilarious, riveting force of nature that also just so happens to be the best movie of the year. 
fair Four or five legitimately great cinematic moments, and across-the-board strong performances, but a bit too long and slow. 
good a better grindhouse tribute film and spaghetti western homage than his previous two movies combined 
good As hellish as its moral universe may be, those whose stomachs can handle the descent will find that even in Tarantino's world-perhaps especially in his world-those moral questions still matter. 
good This is Tarantino's unique take on the western and it's worth seeing for that alone. While it may not be another great film like we were hoping for, it still manages to be one heck of a trip. 
good Django Unchained is the most brutal film Quentin Tarantino has ever made.But the movie is also exciting and ironic and, at times, explosively funny: Even at his most serious, Tarantino can't help but entertain and show you a good time. 
bad As retreads go, Django Unchained is as much a comedown from its predecessor as Lars von Trier's Manderlay was from Dogville. 
very_good There's a case to be made that blood-spattering revenge pictures, no matter how evil the villain, are cultural poison, but if this is what it takes to [get] Don Johnson as a dyed-in-the-wool racist done up as Colonel Sanders, well, so be it. 
fair "Django Unchained" possesses an unmistakable subversive power, its playfully insurrectionist spirit perhaps the modern-day pop-culture equivalent of far more high stakes rebellions of yore. 
good The name of the movie is "Django Unchained," but for all practical purposes it might as well be called "Tarantino Unleashed." 
best "Django Unchained" is the most consistently entertaining movie of 2012. 
good These characters dance a tense ballet along a razor's edge in the last third of the film, and their verbal sparring is the sound of gauntlets being thrown before things inevitably reach a bloody conclusion. 
very_good Corkscrewed, inside-out, upside-down, simultaneously clear-eyed and completely out of its mind. 
best It is digressive, jokey, giddily brutal and ferociously profane. But it is also a troubling and important movie about slavery and racism. 
best With a fearless director and his mighty pen freeing a talented cast to attack a vital theme, "Django Unchained" is damnation unleashed. 
fair In spite of some exceptionally indulgent choices by the fan-favorite director, Django Unchained is another sharp and enjoyable Tarantino effort. 
best Django Unchained is pure, nonstop, blood-soaked ecstasy that is satisfying in absolutely every way. 
very_good For a film that's just shy of being three hours long, it never felt bloated; every sequence seemed to have its place, and at the right pace... 
best Quentin Tarantino has made a masterpiece! It's the ultimate film geek cinematic treat. It's dark, brutal, funny, compelling, engaging, exciting, expertly crafted and brilliantly conceived. 
best Even at 165 minutes, this is a film that speeds by and one gets a sense of Tarantino being fully energized. 
very_good Perhaps I have an askew view of the world or an odd sense of humor, but I found "Django Unchained" to be the funniest Western parody since "Blazing Saddles." 
fair Ranges from being brilliant, controversial,talky,long and cartoonishly violent. Basically it's Tarantino at his best and worse. 
best Underneath all of the bluster and irony, Django Unchained mostly is a buddy film. 
very_good The late holiday season's most dizzyingly imaginative and thoroughly pleasing release, an end-of-year jewel as chock-full of sizzling performances as it is bursting with busted knee caps and spurting innards. 
best Jaw-dropping and eye-popping (literally, at one point), "Django Unchained" is a prime example of the glories that can result from a master filmmaker working at the peak of his powers. 
bad It's too grueling to enjoy and too sloppy to respect. 
very_good Waltz's performance is so captivating and Tarantino's script and direction so well-paced that I hated to see it end, despite its 165 minute runtime. 
fair ...writer/director Quentin Tarantino may have managed to deliver one of the most unflinchingly realistic depictions of slavery in the Old South to ever grace the screen. QT's vision is ugly and twisted and filled with all kinds of evil. 
bad Quentin Tarantino has made another movie. Or, rather, Quentin Tarantino has made the same movie again. 
very_good [Tarantino] knows how to use our movie-conditioned anticipation against us. Watching his movie is like playing chess with a wiseguy friend who's always four moves ahead. 
very_bad Tarantino wants Django to be a rousing yarn as well as a commentary, but the movie so revels in its carnage that his larger point is drowned in a sea of blood. 
bad By the two-hour mark the fun had oozed out of the movie for me. It's long. Or feels it. 
very_bad There is no earthly reason why Django Unchained needs to be two and three-quarter hours long, other than to indulge its director's love of digressions and monologues. 
good People are bound to read racist overtones into the material, but Tarantino has the consciousness of a 12-year-old boy; there's nothing more to his message here than Slavery Is Bad. 
good In "Django," Tarantino is a man unchained, creating his most articulate, intriguing, provoking, appalling, hilarious, exhilarating, scathing and downright entertaining film yet. 
very_good By turns dazzling, daring, gruesome and astonishingly funny. 
very_good Tarantino may be the best working director to take scenes of blood, mayhem, and gore and transform them into moments of hilarity. 
fair It's a live-action, heads-exploding, shoot-'em-up cartoon. Sometimes it crackles, and sometimes it merely cracks. 
fair Unfortunately, it wears out its welcome about two-thirds through, which means -- no kidding -- 45 more minutes to go. 
very_good [A] chronicle of a most reprehensible chapter in American history, seen through the amoral prism of the Spaghetti Western and drenched in blood and spit -- but mostly blood. 
very_bad Tarantino almost saves his picture with his last act showdown but not quite. Getting there was a route too long, too clumsy, and just plain tedious. 
good May be the first Tarantino film that doesn't reinvent, transform or elevate its sources into something bracingly fresh, much less necessary. 
very_good The film gives us vintage Tarantino, a pastiche of Western, blaxploitation and Civil War-era movie tropes that's packed with his characteristically rich dialogue. 
good It's not much of a stretch to call Tarantino's entertainment-oriented brand of revisionist history tacky, if not deeply offensive, but the energy and audacity with which he executes it is undeniable. 
very_bad A mashup of the spaghetti Western Django and '70s blaxploitation Westerns, it offers Tarantino another chance to show off his twist on history. While it worked with Inglourious Basterds, it just comes across as contrived and excessive here. 
very_good Funny, action-packed, and remarkably stylized. It's also a tad too long, containing a few scenes that should have been left on the cutting room floor, which could have resulted in a more streamlined masterpiece instead of merely a heck of a lot of fun. 
very_good Despite the way it functions as flashy entertainment, the weight of slavery can still be felt in Django Unchained. 
good Tarantino is clearly having a grand ol' time with Django Unchained, and so are his actors, every one of whom are more than willing to share in the writer/director's filmic vision, no matter how ghastly it may be. 
bad ''Django Unchained'' is Tarantino at his most puerile and least inventive, the premise offering little more than cold, nasty revenge and barrels of squishing, squirting blood. 
very_good Think of it as the gore-filled antidote to the old-school melodrama of Gone With the Wind. 
fair Even the explosive final half-hour, featuring the cartoonish flying bodies and splatterrific payback that are the director's brand, fails to provide the catharsis promised by the title. 
good "Django Unchained" might have been a revelation in 2005. But after Quentin Tarantino and others have spent years spoofing '60s and '70s genre movies, this mock spaghetti Western tastes like it came out of the microwave. 
fair Tarantino could do this all day. 
very_good [It's] about racism, damn it, and it portrays that racism in all of its ugliest forms. ... Not always an easy film to watch, and it was certainly made with that purpose in mind. 
very_good It's as though Blazing Saddles has been remade by Monty Python, except Tarantino's voice remains clear ... 
good Just when we thought Quentin Tarantino had shown us all the cojones he has, in rides "Django Unchained." 
very_good Django Unchained is the wildest cinematic ride of the year. 
very_good Samuel L. Jackson's wicked house slave Stephen is the raison d'etre for Django Unchained. The layered and loaded Uncle Tom figure speaks to Jackson's legacy of shuckin' and deconstructin' black stereotypes with Tarantino. 
fair Django is undoubtedly one of the most creative and striking movies of 2012, but it's also one of the most exhausting. 
best There has simply been no film this year that awakened, excited, and satisfied my cinematic senses as much as Django Unchained, no film that succeeded better at its own ambitions or, with one or two possible exceptions, set it sights quite so high. 
bad Few movies have ever dared to stir such highly charged, combustible subject matter into such a cocky cocktail. 
very_good Tarantino blends the Spaghetti western genre with 70s Blaxploitation, creating an insane concoction of vengeance and thoughtfulness, tossing between the disgustingly funny and the most primal notion of violence. 
very_bad I've always wondered whether Tarantino would finally grow up. But after seeing his latest spectacular, bloody mess of a movie, frankly, I don't give a damn. 
good Might be too much - and too bloody - for certain constitutions, but the rewards are plentiful. Be sure to hunt it down. 
best Incendiary and proud of it. The work of a master at the top of his game. 
good Perhaps not a great Tarantino film, but an extremely enjoyable one nevertheless, Django Unchained is a thoroughly excessive, gore-soaked odyssey that's blessed with outstanding performances - especially one from Leonardo DiCaprio - above all else. 
good Tarantino is aiming for the gut, and the sheer audacity just blows you away. 
very_good It's always so much fun to see something familiar turned into something fresh right before your eyes. Few can do it like Tarantino. 
good Tarantino gives us an American Spaghetti Western that's a bloody good time from start to finish. 
very_good Tarantino lives to cross the line. Is Django Unchained too much? ... It wouldn't be Tarantino otherwise. 
very_good All the Tarantino hallmarks are there: engaging story, hilarious dialogue, shocking violence and exciting musical accompaniment. 
very_good The violence, the humor, the strong language all adds up to deliver on the considerable hype that goes when a celebrated director takes on an ambitious project. Here's to your thin red line, Mr. Tarantino...we're happy to step over! 
good Tarantino definitely has a point to make about slavery, and it is there, but it is well hidden behind a stout curtain of fun, which is ultimately what you'll get from Django Unchained. 
good Vibrating with the geekery of a filmmaker off the chain, the movie plays like no other this year. 
good Even as one of his weaker efforts, Django Unchained still ranks higher than most of what comes out over the course of a year. 
best I can't wait to see this again. 
best Django isn't just a movie only America could make -- it's also a movie only America needs to 
bad There's a good movie inside Django Unchained, maybe even a great one, but it hasn't been carved out of the lopsided excess. 
fair There's an undeniable pleasure that emerges in seeing Tarantino juggle the dynamite of his ideas, even when they prematurely pop off in his face. 
fair Whatever Django's issues, failing to deliver on its promises isn't one of them. 
terrible I died a little bit inside. 
very_bad Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here. 
terrible Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored. 
terrible I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago. 
bad It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost. 
terrible The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers. 
bad Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise. 
very_bad It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up. 
very_bad Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.] 
very_bad It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings. 
terrible A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable... 
terrible When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies. 
fair I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there. 
terrible Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap. 
terrible Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind. 
terrible Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here. 
bad Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details. 
terrible The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together. 
very_bad It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed. 
terrible If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one. 
very_bad Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations. 
terrible One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart. 
bad For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip. 
terrible If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once. 
bad Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be. 
terrible Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever... 
terrible Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd. 
terrible a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place 
good Jimmy Carter Man From Plains is a genuinely inspiring, well-made documentary that is well worth seeking out. 
bad This is a man it is impossible not to like, even if you think he was a weakish one-term commander-in-chief. At least he was not Nixon or Bush Jr. 
bad A heartening example of a reputation deservedly rehabilitated. 
good Jimmy Carter may not be the most memorable ex-White House resident, but his post-presidency record as a battler for humanitarian causes takes some beating. 
good Carter is more energetic than Demme's film that fires on all cylinders only when Carter calmly but persuasively faces down his critics or recounts his time as the most powerful man on Earth. 
good Demme's fascinating documentary shows Carter on a US tour to promote the book. Perhaps Carter - and Demme himself - imagined this would be as trouble-free as Al Gore promoting environmentalism. 
good Jimmy Carter Man from Plains is an affectionate and admiring portrait of a politician who, like Al Gore, became more idealistic and effective on the world stage once he left office. 
very_good A great, misunderstood man forms the basis of a fine, easily misinterpreted documentary. 
fair Demme is clearly a Carter enthusiast, and his film paints a vivid, involving picture of an informed and passionate man whose impact is still being felt worldwide. 
good You want to learn how to compose yourself in public? Watch this movie. 
best Bio-Pic basically defends President Carter's controversial stance on Israel. 
very_good While there's little doubt that Man From Plains amounts to hagiography on Demme's part, it's also surprisingly gripping viewing for over two hours. 
bad An intriguing historical document, not attempting a completist portrait of Carter but rather a series of candids. 
very_good a reasonably benign picture of Carter begins to develop - he's more likable for his moments of pettiness and pique. 
good Demme says he entered the project expecting 'fireworks,' and he gets them time and again... 
good It won't utterly rewrite Carter's history, and it won't convert anybody in this divided country, but Man from Plains will remind us that principle, humility and intelligence have a place in image-is-everything American politics. 
good Jonathan Demme's inspiring documentary portrait of Carter, touches on many of the kaleidoscopic variations of the Carter character by observing him in both casual and formal wear. 
good Few presidents bow out with as much grace and class 
good The talk may be a little wonkish for some, but for political junkies, the chance to listen to Carter's still-relevant thoughts is something to savor. 
bad You're better off reading his books. 
bad Man From Plains is ho-hum and uninvolving, which is a surprise, considering the seeming wealth of material. 
good Whether you're of the opinion that Carter is a misguided meddler or a worthy Nobel Peace Prize-winner (he won the award in 2002), Jonathan Demme's new documentary about the 39th president will provide you with plenty of ammunition. 
good From the open-air stroll he took down Pennsylvania Ave. on his inauguration day, to the sunny-coloured cardigans he wore when addressing the nation, president James T. Carter always seemed like a guy who wanted people to remember he was one of them. 
good Insightful - exploring the kind of impact a former President can have after leaving the Oval Office. 
good Jimmy Carter Man From Plains shows a relatively unvarnished portrait of a man who's not afraid to take on his critics. 
good Buried in this messy tribute is a neat story of a man who even in his advanced years remains socially and geo-politically relevant. 
very_good An intriguing document of a man's public and private life and has yet further value as the first significant film ever made about a former U.S. president. 
good One reason to see this film might be to learn more about [Carter's] views on the Middle East, but a better reason might be to observe how he attends to the privilege and responsibility of doing what he believes is the right thing. 
good The movie's best material is archival. It looks like old home movie stuff, but you can still feel its monumentality. 
bad Carter comes off as compassionate and intelligent. But the complex issues brought up in his book don't get much more than a superficial debate. 
good An inspiring documentary about former President Jimmy Carter's book tour for 'Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid' where he puts on display his political wisdom, his Christian faith-based service, and his emotional literacy. 
terrible While it is probably apocryphal that Carter was the model for the role of the delusional Lars in the film "Lars and the Real Girl," the resemblance is astonishing. 
good Intriguing examination of a complex and dedicated public servant. 
fair The minutiae of Carter's book tour isn't always enthralling, but his personality drives the film: pious, stubborn, devoted to his wife, curious, professional, warm and yet slightly removed from the fray, conciliatory, meticulous, self-effacing, funny. 
bad Every so often, though, Demme decides to make a documentary about something he not only knows but admires. And the results are admittedly intimate, but so uncritical that they amount to two-dimensional portraits, all shadows bleached away. 
very_good Demme is clearly awed by his subject, and his film is a stirring document about how one man's steadfast sense of justice can make a difference in the world. 
terrible There isn't enough revealing material in the tedious documentary Jimmy Carter Man From Plains to sustain an 800-word magazine profile, let alone a two-hour film. 
fair Leaves too much time for Demme as he turns an interesting character study into a full-blown tribute. 
very_bad Narrrowly cast documentary focuses so exclusively on a publicity tour the former president took in the closing months of 2006 that a more accurate title might be Jimmy Carter How I Sold My Book. 
bad Jimmy Carter isn't a real saint, but he plays one in Jimmy Carter Man From Plains. 
fair It's downright invigorating to spend time with an American President who has a clear grasp of international issues. 
very_good As much a pungent dissection of American media malaise as it is a towering tribute to a deceptively low-burning leader. 
very_bad Though Carter's controversial reference to past injustices is meant to spark conversation about an ongoing problem in the West Bank, the director's decision to focus solely on the minutiae of a press tour seems too narrow. 
good Anyone interested in politics and the conflict in the Mid-East should be able to enjoy this fascinating and informative portrait of a former president. 
good Jonathan Demme's Jimmy Carter Man From Plains, like Neil Young: Heart of Gold and The Agronomist, is a poignant portrait of a great man. 
very_good Demme subtly portrays Carter's love affair with wife Rosalynn, and succeeds where Carter's book failed -- expertly and objectively making a movie that is provocative without being divisive. 
fair The real world needs more dogged folks willing to tilt at windmills. But movies often don't do their stories justice, and that has happened again here. 
fair Pimentel's persistence and eventual triumph over prejudice and discrimination is a story worth telling, if only on a shoestring. 
fair Salawich's film is entertaining and leaves you with warm feelings from learning about this man who turned adversity into good for so many others. 
very_bad If you're looking for one-dimensional, uplifting pap, Music Within fits the bill. It's watchable. Pimentel is obviously a really interesting guy, and it's a shame his tale wasn't told with a bit more flair. 
fair ...an agreeable though entirely uneven piece of work... 
bad Both Pimental and the audience would have been better served if his life were told as a PBS documentary. 
fair The low-budget Music Within may not entirely work on the outside, but at its core beats a very funny, very smart and very moving heart of gold. 
bad It hits some of the right notes, but at the wrong time and the overall effect is a song out of tune. 
very_bad Second-time director Steven Sawalich's "music" presumably still resides inside him because it doesn't resound in his Music Within message movie. 
bad Leaves no cliche unturned and has no point of view. 
bad All inspiring stuff, but Music Within is strictly by the numbers, even down to the predictable mood-setting period soundtrack numbers 
bad Music Within never establishes a consistent tone, going from achingly sincere to borderline farcical, often in the same scene. 
fair A fascinating story of compassion, grit and determination. 
bad [The filmmakers] make the common error of attempting to cover every seemingly significant moment in the man's life rather than focusing on the greatest conflicts. 
bad Story of disabled rights activist Richard Pimentel is too much about Pimentel, too little about what he accomplished. 
fair What bothers me is that Music Within takes an individual story, an inspiring one, yes, and then thinks that's all there is to be told. 
fair It's everything it ought to be: right-minded, well-intentioned, compassionate. But it doesn't rise above made-for-cable public service announcement, either. 
very_bad Its near impossible to even faint praise a film for having its heart in the right place when it opens with a whimsical montage about miscarriages. 
fair A well-intentioned biopic about disability crusader Richard Pimentel that starts strong but eventually collapses under its weighty sense of responsibility. 
bad There may be an interesting movie in all of this, but too much is filtered through the hero's voice-over narration, always a recipe for squashing the life out of a film. 
fair We're all better off thanks to the ADA, and Music Within is a welcome addition as well. 
bad Like a quirky poor man's version of The World According to Garp or Forrest Gump, it's hard to believe that it's actually based on the true story of a real person. 
bad Sawalich's TV movie-grade direction isn't up to the task of enlivening material that eventually settles into a predictable, torpid narrative structure. 
fair It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful. 
bad No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave. 
good [Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants. 
very_bad For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship. 
very_bad As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie. 
very_good We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music. 
best Nick Park is a genius. Enough said. 
best A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny. 
terrible The writing is so messy and aimless that when the film retrenches to generic kid flick mediocrity, it actually counts as a relief. 
good A high-flying dog tale for kids. 
bad There's an air of acceptance throughout the film, but the movie never stops to stand at a pulpit and preach this message. 
bad A basketball playing Golden Retriever shows his stuff on several high-school basketball courts. 
bad Dull but harmless. 
bad Chang examines the historical and spiritual significance of fruit and environmental concerns that affect sustainable crops...the personalities that emerge are fascinating. 
fair More of a buffet spread than a single plate. But every morsel is worth a taste. 
bad How about we put our money together and hire someone to write Levesque, Posey and White a script that doesn't feel like a USA Network action show reject? 
terrible Loyalties are tested and Scorsese ripped off until audiences may feel as if they're in a movie deathlock. 
terrible A nonsensical, thickly plotted gumbo... 
terrible Shooting for stoic, Mr. Levesque only delivers inert. And the plot devolves into a tangle of dithering story lines. 
very_bad I have no idea what happened in Inside Out. None. 
terrible I can say with only a little irony that Triple H acts Parker Posey off the screen. 
terrible As bloated as its star's pectoral muscles and as lastingly resonant as any random episode of SmackDown. 
terrible Lawyer-turned-screenwriter Dylan Schaffer's script is an unhappy combination of genres, tones, too many dead stretches of people in cars and inept dialogue. 
good Edgy girl power fun. You go, girls! 
best A radiantly dopey Saturday-night escape hatch. 
bad The film is the equivalent of the 'dumb blonde' of action movies. No plot? No problem. Smile pretty now. 
fair The most fun movie of the year. 
very_good Charlie's Angels never slows down, and even when it's not delivering the thrills or a fun fight scene, it's being just plain funny. 
good Slick film fun like this doesn't come along very often. 
very_bad Silly, unoriginal and lacking any socially redeeming value whatsoever. 
good For a movie that gets its inspiration from one of the cheesiest television shows of the extra-cheesy 1970s, Charlie's Angels is surprisingly cool. 
bad This is the enjoyably dumb action movie that Mission Impossible could (and should) have been. 
very_good A real mess, but that's somehow what makes it so damn fun. 
bad This wants to spoof macho action movies.... But lacking a coherent script to link the jokes, these Angels are left without a prayer. 
good A sassy, brassy, titillating bundle of joy, Charlie's Angels is as close to pure, unrepentant fun as any movie in years. 
good Es simplista y hasta boba. Pero quin rayos se fija en el guin cuando Cameron Diaz desborda encanto(s) en la pantalla? 
bad Ha coisas melhores na televisao. 
good A speedy, ask-no-questions pop contrivance that, as long as it keeps sparkling and whirling, continually amuses. 
fair In the end it's simply empty-headed fun, nothing more. 
good So stupid, so derivative, so ridiculous....SO WHAT? 
fair There wasn't a moment during Charlie's Angels when I regretted seeing the movie. Afterwards, I felt like I had wasted two hours, but during, never. 
good These kickass Barbies bring heart to a machine-tooled genre. 
terrible A film whose slick editing and glib lines are absolutely no substitute for real drama and proper exchanges. 
very_bad ...an extended music video...flaunting pretty girls, gaudy images, blaring noises, and nonstop activity. 
good "Charlie's Angels [is] even more retro-playful than a satiric time warp like The Brady Bunch Movie." 
good Al cine de accion le hacia falta un buen representante del genero femenino y en esta ocasion se presentan tres bellos angeles que cautivaran al espectador de cualquier edad 
bad But I don't hate this movie. I actually kinda, sorta, marginally like this movie. 
good Simply devilishly hilarious. Don't be duped into thinking that "Bikinis and Karate" are all they have to offer 
terrible ...it might not be an overstatement to say that 'Charlie's Angels' actually lowers the paper-thin standard of TV-inspired movie productions a notch further. 
terrible It strains to be funny with unwelcome forced cheese that instantly hits the floor, in the midst of inappropriate music and nonsensical movements by the actors that launch themselves upon us through rapid fire cuts and gaudily bright photography. 
bad Blood, vengeance and comedy don't make for a smooth mix in this attempt. 
good You'd have to be a hopeless curmudgeon not to be entertained on some juvenile level by this motion picture. 
very_good An unexpectedly entertaining blend of comedy and action. 
good Charlie's Angels manages to fulfill the middle-school-age fantasies of both boys and girls and to make it clear that it does not take itself too seriously. 
good If you are a fan of the television series, you will likely be thrilled. If not, you will have to be content with being entertained. 
fair Yes, the new Charlie's Angels is silly, brain-dead and implausible. But this hip-chick Bond flick is also the most fun I've had at the movies this season. 
best Charlie, how did your Angels get down like that? 
good Thanks to a snappy pace, some exciting action and a joy-ridden cast, this film is too much fun to be overanalyzed and scrutinized under the microscope. 
good An immensely entertaining movie. 
fair A film whose seductive glamour shots, over-the-top karate chops and never-ending tight spots play like a cross between the zany camaraderie of the Beatles in Help! and the high-tech martial arts barrage of The Matrix. 
very_good Amazingly, it all hangs together in a lightweight, sexy confection. 
good Enjoy this well done cheesy movie about a cheesy TV show. 
bad McG makes an impressive feature film debut by mixing the retro feel of that 70's show with James Bond-style action, Matrix-style special effects, and a healthy dose of girl power. 
good The good news about Charlie's Angels: The gals are fab. And so's the movie. 
good A vast, sassy, action-packed improvement on the '70s TV show. 
good This Angels clearly rocks. 
good A campy, kitshy, funny, action-packed, bubblegum romp in the sand with three beautiful, sexy, smart women all playing like they know they're in on one of the funnest movies of the year! 
fair Better to disengage the higher brain functions and enjoy the fleeting, disposable moments. 
good A film in which you just kick back and enjoy some high kicking gals wallop everything in sight. 
fair It mostly flies across the screen with good-natured giddiness. 
bad More often than not, it's a surprisingly fun mess. 
very_good A highly entertaining, funny, exciting, no-holds-barred, bubblegum triumph of the way to make a great action-comedy, as well as a rambunctious female empowerment fantasy. 
fair Their mission? To have fun and entertain you. 
bad This ain't art, but it ain't the kind of tediously predictable big-budget garbage you usually find at your multiplex, either. 
bad Sure, it's easy on the eyes, but would a little brains be too much to ask? 
terrible Charlie's Angels is like the trailer for a video game movie, lacking only the video game, and the movie. 
very_bad The end result is muddled, to say the least; visually stylish, sporadically entertaining, yet all-too-frequently painful. 
terrible Vapid and self-consciously kitschy, these gals are a 13-year-old boy's fantasy of a strong woman. This is Hollywood aiming T&A at little girls, but I wouldn't let any little girl I cared about see this film. 
bad Jokey homage? Hong Kong action blowout? What's going on here? 
very_bad They scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying, drunk sorority girls, the kind who hit on everybody at a party. 
terrible An utter debacle. 
terrible There's no style and precious little entertainment value. 
fair This is not meant for the more discerning viewer. 
bad So inconsequential that it starts evaporating from memory the minute it's over. 
bad Though all this is fun and engaging in short bursts ... it wears thin and strains our patience when stretched to cover even this film's brief 92-minute length. 
bad The most expensive cheesecake movie ever made. 
fair The T&A in this film is truly amazing, as if Russ Meyer served as creative consultant. I lost count of how many times an Angel shakes out her hair in slow-mo like a Keeshond wicking rainwater from its pelt. 
fair Getting the joke does not necessarily entail complete enjoyment of the picture, which grows equal parts fun and frustrating. 
bad The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot. 
bad The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never made more movies, or more swimsuit calendars. 
bad The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed. 
very_bad The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen. 
very_bad Sporadically funny, but never more than a sting of crude gags. 
bad Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs. 
very_bad As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny. 
bad Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial. And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer. 
very_bad Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity left to assault. 
bad A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves. 
terrible Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee! 
terrible Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes. 
very_bad [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes. 
terrible Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch. 
very_bad A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy. 
terrible Never consistently humorous. 
terrible Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun... 
very_bad You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits. 
very_bad You won't laugh hard at Spy Hard. And that's not because the jokes aren't funny. Most of them aren't even jokes. 
terrible Ugh. 
bad You're not going to get stellar acting or brilliant writing, but for a fun 90 minutes with pizza and popcorn, you can do a lot worse. 
bad The freer and more sophisticated approach of Divine Intervention makes these traditional-minded documentaries look somewhat stodgy and old-fashioned by comparison, but both have a value as reportage. 
good An important look at the hell-hole known as Gaza and how the political situation makes the lives of its inhabitants even worse. 
terrible Frankly, if this flick is somebody's idea of "pro-woman," my guess is that that certain "somebody" probably doesn't know all that many women. 
very_bad Great-looking leads in a silly showcase 
terrible Boring Western. Could be empowering, but it's not. 
bad Young Guns for the ladies. The west never looked so sweet 
very_bad awful "girl power" western, with too many girls and not enough power. 
terrible It's hard to maintain the proper mood when your 'bad-***' heroines inspire fits of giggles. 
very_good As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays. 
best Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since. 
best Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups. 
best Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California. 
best Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script. 
good It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent. 
best Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate. 
best Influential coming-of-age sex comedy. 
best Here's to you, Mrs Robinson. 
fair Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues. 
very_bad I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was. 
good ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him. 
best All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic. 
good Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols 
best The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow. 
best Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing. 
best They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson). 
good It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again. 
good Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember. 
very_good The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film. 
best Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood. 
good Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work. 
very_bad Perhaps the most overrated film ever. 
best Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy. 
best Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement. 
good Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch. 
best Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful. 
good To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything? 
best A classic that deserves its iconic status, The Graduate is the cinematic equivalent of the Simon and Garfunkel songs that make up the soundtrack -- gently subversive, wistful, not explicitly political but still very much part of the countercultural '60s. 
good It is a good topical movie whose time has passed, leaving it stranded in an earlier age. I give it three stars out of delight for the material it contains; to watch it today is like opening a time capsule. 
best It's smart, witty, and troubling all at the same time. 
best Few movies have communicated with such dark hilarity all the anxiety and flamboyant misery of youthful sexual initiation 
bad A truly enjoyable movie, with a truly wonderful ensemble 
fair ...with this group of actors (including Sam Raimi, of all people, as a clumsy handyman) it's hard to ever really get bored. 
good Big Chill-ish camp reunion movie with some lovely performances. 
very_bad If you like to go to weddings of humdrum people you don't know, you won't want to miss Indian Summer. 
very_bad Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew. 
very_bad A mish-mash of mediocre formulas. 
good This is a story more interested in tone and mood than in big plot points. 
fair The 'found footage' horror movie Apollo 18 recycles the premise of The Blair Witch Project on the moon and still manages a few good scares. 
very_bad "The cheap frights don't deliver, the performers bring no pathos and the gimmick behind "Apollo 18&#8243; flat out does not work." 
terrible It's impossible to recommend Apollo 18 to anyone but the most staunch found-footage fans. The film fails every requirement of a tense and enjoyable time at the theater. 
bad "Apollo 18" is another dud in a genre that should have stopped before it got out of hand. 
very_bad Feels like nothing more than an attempt to cash in on a trend, and it's a textbook example of how not to do that. 
terrible An astonishingly incompetent and interminable piece of work... 
terrible Apollo 18 is a mercilessly dull movie that just doesn't make much sense. It's light on thrills, and the found-footage gimmick works against the tension. 
bad if you can push past the suspension of disbelief, it's a pretty eerie ride 
good Movies with 'found footage' have become quite popular since the advent of 'The Blair Witch Project.' The authentic feel adds to the horror element as these movies unfold. (One great example is 'The Last Exorcism,' a sadly under-seen movie.) 
fair There are a couple of moments here that are as marrow-freezing as anything in Blair Witch or Paranormal Activity. 
bad A simple sci-fi horror with just enough scares to keep you interested. 
terrible I can only assume this movie is for people who know virtually nothing about the space program. 
terrible [A] zero-intensity space bore. 
very_bad Apollo 18 has some nice ideas, some impressive effects work and a decent finale, but the first half is extremely dull and it's ultimately let down by frustrating sound design work, severe pacing problems and some incoherent editing. 
bad Apollo 18 is an intriguing, if never enthralling, fusion of period space-flight procedural, conspiracy theory, and monster movie. 
good [It] really delivers a fun, tense experience. 
bad Will bring back a lot memories for anyone who lived through the space race. 
very_bad For the most part, alas, this only goes to show that in space, no one can hear you yawn. 
terrible What we have here is Conspiracy Theory 101 all Blair-Witched-up. 
bad Dull, but diverting if you focus on the images' eerie beauty. 
very_bad So utterly broken at a conceptual level that a truly good film was completely out of the question. 
very_bad The documentary look and feel of the movie is impressive until it is overcome by the inaneness of the plot 
very_bad Apollo 18 always seems like an attempt at a scary movie edited by scary movie-makers, rather than an actual document from the NASA vaults. 
terrible Watching people land on the moon isn't all that interesting or photogenic, especially when we know it's pretend. 
very_bad In space, no one can hear you scream ... but you'll hear plenty of giggling in the final moments of Apollo 18 
terrible It's a tedious faux documentary, filled with schlocky sound-effects and jarring cuts, utilizing TV actors masquerading as astronauts. 
very_bad Boredom sets in long before the last muted shriek. And who cares about the astros? We never get to know them anyway. 
very_bad For most horror fans it will be kind of a snooze. 
very_bad It's not awful - you just wish they'd made a proper movie out of it. 
terrible Meticulous in its "found" visual details, minorly smart in concept, painfully slow to actually watch and so ridiculous in its big reveal that it almost has to be seen to be believed. 
terrible The film is so difficult to watch, and it's such a chore to discern a sense of place and perspective, that it sits onscreen like a big, dead weight. 
very_bad It goes to such painstaking lengths for stylistic plausibility that the end product is actually quite dull, squandering its novel 'Paranormal Activity in space' concept as a result. 
fair One giant leap for Big Brother ... scruffy, seat-of-the-pants filmmaking. The kind of thing you don't see much any more ... could do for Lopez-Gallego what 'Dark Star' did for John Carpenter. 
terrible Accomplishes something the world wasn't really crying out for: it recreates the tedium of watching the later Apollo missions. 
terrible The film takes a startlingly long time to rev up, and even at less than 90 minutes feels thin and at moments like it is playing for time. 
very_bad A potentially cool "found footage" flick that is desperately in need of a lot more brains ... or a lot more silliness. 
very_bad ...let's have an end to this misbegotten subgenre of 'found footage' movies. 
terrible nauseatingly bad 
terrible Has no thrills, no chills, no scares and contains a villain, or several of them, actually, that will turn you to stone -- from boredom. 
bad If anything, Apollo 18 lacks creative intensity. It's a very lazy attempt at bringing terror to the moon. In fact, it's not even scary, unless of course you consider a sleeping dude opening his eyes and yelling into the camera "frightening" 
bad Even with effective atmosphere, a couple of jump scares and a spooky premise, Apollo 18 simply falls apart in the end. 
bad More than just a lunar 'Paranormal Activity.' 
fair Apollo 18 is a surprisingly intense, innovative and well-directed flick that made me jump out of my seat more than a few times! 
fair Less concerned with depth and more about the strict skillfulness of capturing an increasingly queasy tone and mood. This is where it works. 
very_bad No final das contas, ate mesmo os dois personagens principais se tornam apenas caricaturas de homens descontrolados e em perigo, abandonando qualquer tentativa de tridimensionalidade. 
fair On the index of quirk, this winsome indie scores quite high. 
fair Although Rohal's goal seems to be a rich character study, the movie works best as a celebration of small-town Americana that persists well into the 21st century. 
fair Deliberately quirky almost to the point of distraction, this offbeat comedy is an enjoyably puzzling film. 
fair An entertaining and visually exciting film. It has an oddly meandering pace that is riddled with quirky characters in weird situations. 
fair An understated, surrealist comedy that is more successful at being weird than funny. 
bad This is a film overflowing with passion and compassion but often lacking the intellectual detachment necessary to distill conviction into a rigorous argument. 
fair Jo-Anne McArthur's cause draws sharp comparisons with the never-mentioned PETA, a seemingly insignificant omission that discloses a lingering problem of willful insularity. 
bad The Ghosts in Our Machine is a starting point, and a missed opportunity. 
terrible Let's hope Jack Palance took the money and ran. 
bad Madcap tween story has cartoonish violence, some bullying. 
bad ...an opulent-looking production, edited to accent the two main characters. 
terrible Let's go ahead and get this out of the way because I'm sure you're dying to know: no, you shouldn't see Blitzkrieg: Escape From Stalag 69. 
terrible Much of the material is done in poor taste and reads as outright juvenile. 
bad In this very short film ... so much comic relief feels like desperate attempts to pad an already skimpy story. 
bad Penultimate Rathbone Holmes has its moments. 
fair There's not much to Mum & Dad, besides what needs to be there to achieve grisly effectiveness. What is most disturbing about it is the way that it captures and distorts the very dynamics that exist in any family. 
bad Could [become] a cult item in the genre. 
fair This lean, mean British horror is just gonzo enough to overcome the limits of the formula and keep us entertained 
bad No Stiles, but dance film's 2nd is still teen fun. 
bad retreads the original Dance pretty much completely 
bad The dance sequences will undoubtedly shake the socks right off of ya! They're terrific, possibly even more so than those in the first film. 
fair It's not particularly congruent, but thanks to two terrific performances and director Logan Miller's determination to make his own kind of music, Sweetwater packs one hell of a punch. 
terrible The west has never been less gritty, less pulpy than it is here, with the locale fading into the background when it should be a character in its own right. 
terrible A revenge-fantasy Western that wants to luxuriate in its B-movie roots but suffers from dull direction and an even duller central performance. 
very_bad It bludgeons with intent, even dabbling in some "Deadwood"-level verbal shock-and-awe; without wit or intelligence, it's merely baroque affectation playacting at depth. 
bad As violent act begets silly exchange begets another violent act, "Sweetwater" squanders its noteworthy resources ... 
terrible Unwatchable- one of the worst movies I've ever seen at Sundance. 
fair Alas, its ultra-conventional, this-then-that approach, peppered with the reminiscences of long-since mellowed talking heads, rarely feels suited to the messy politics and personal lives of Black Panther Party firebrands ... 
bad By our quote-unquote standards of contemporary comedy, it plays as uneven at best and often just flattens out for long jokeless stretches. 
bad Runs through its cliches reliably enough. 
good This film races with such high energy that the humor continues to satisfy, if only because the characters are so likeable. 
bad a reasonably decent martial arts action picture 
bad Candy for all martial-arts enthusiasts 
bad Better than expected actioner that was supposed to launch Speakman into a big-time movie career; then Street Knight shot that notion down. 
very_good Unfolding over the course of a month, these debates were a game-changing event in American politics and unscripted television, which left both men continuing to trade barbs for decades. 
good Reminiscent of When We Were Kings, Neville and Gordon set up the prize fight and then let the two intellectual heavyweights deliver the blows. 
good A juicy and thrilling documentary about two intellectual titans who truly loathed one another. 
very_good Almost as smart, funny and vicious as Buckley and Vidal themselves. 
bad Like a love for which you no longer feel the passion, the action in Denys Arcand's Le regne de la beaute takes place at a cool remove from the viewer. 
good Miller never falls back on the formulas that have become the bane of too many recent action films, and his sustained cuts lend a clarity to the proceedings. 
good Disjointed but it still rocks. 
good The performances are superb. The script allows Gibson to bring a welcome new dimension to the Mad Max character, and the actor rises to the occasion. 
good Great goofy fun. 
good Good action plus Tina Turner. Welcome indeed. 
fair This film has showier stunts than its predecessors, and a better sense of humor. It also has Tina Turner, in chain-mail stockings. 
bad Mel Gibson proves to be a formidable warrior. 
bad Let's face it, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome isn't terribly memorable. 
bad The weakest of the MAD MAX films, but the Thunderdome cage match is worth viewing. 
good An admirable conclusion to the Mad Max trilogy: softer than its predecessors, but possessing its own unique voice. 
fair Bartertown is convincingly detailed, and the fight in Thunderdome is thrilling, ludicrous stuff, goofy and thrilling at the same time. 
bad Not a shade on the originals, but still action to the max! 
bad Weakest entry in the series 
bad A huge step down from the first two, but still watchable (if only for the action). 
very_bad Despite some funky oddities and a smashing climactic chase, this pales in comparison to The Road Warrior. 
very_bad Definitely the worst movie in the Mad Max series. Weakly plotted, largely a re-hash of the previous movie without even the vaguest hint of tension. 
good More visionary and more entertaining than the first two. 
bad Unable to recognize how sufficient the visuals themselves are, its music gets increasingly over-dramatic, epic-like. 
fair Less interesting as a feature-length movie than it is as a filmmaking and distribution experiment 
bad Even scarred landscapes have a harsh beauty, suitable for framing. 
very_bad Though there is little here for an informed person to take issue with, the film's well-intentioned preachiness is unlikely to win over those who favor Genesis and denial over climate science. 
very_good Singer, like Tarantino, is less into mining new film themes than in re-inventing old ones. And the way he does so shows full well that there is still a bit of life in the old mob movie yet. 
best It's a film that demands to be watched again and again -- this is good old-fashioned pulp fiction told in the slickest 1990s style. 
fair Give director Bryan Singer credit for providing a plot that is not resolved by an exchange of gunfire, but don't expect the movie's glib punchline to stay with you for very long. 
very_good An imaginative, entertaining crime mystery with plenty of nerve and vigor. 
best The then 27-year-old Bryan Singer eclipsed most other '90s crime movies with this brilliantly slippery, cerebral thriller. 
best It's a nerve-shredding suspense movie about corruption, a bravura actor's show full of deliciously twisted cops and robbers, and a complex riddle packed with unexpected turns. 
very_good It may ultimately make sense; no one could tell without at least four or five viewings. What is totally commanding, however, is the level of ensemble acting [and] the adroitness of the storytelling. 
very_good A masterpiece of the modern film noir genre, a terrific performance piece for everyone involved and an absolutely outstanding directorial effort. 
very_good While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray] 
best Anything but usual, Singer's movie is pretty damn near untouchable. Next to this, most other crime films feel petty. 
good Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie's tough-guy dialogue and Bryan Singer's crisp direction give the ensemble cast every opportunity to shine, and they do. 
terrible Bryan Singer's poker face is worthless at best. 
very_good To many young film buffs, this is where film history begins and ends. 
best McQuarrie's script is a scurrying lizard of a yarn, scaly, swift and difficult to follow. 
fair If ever a movie got extra points for a strong, unexpected conclusion it's The Usual Suspects. 
best No one is out of place or out of line here, and that is what makes the final payoff so sweet. 
fair One of the most ingenious, unpredictable films in recent memory... and one of the biggest cheats. 
best It's a real dazzler -- a neo-noir hybrid of a heist and a mystery film that sucks you into a dark world where nothing is what it seems. 
fair This movie finally isn't anything more than an intricate feat of gamesmanship, but it's still quite something to see. 
good It is a complex story, but I found it fun. 
best Fantastic ensemble crime thriller with the mystique of an underworld urban legend. A Breakout project for both Benecio Del Toro and Director Bryan Singer. 
good What a cast, what a script, what a movie. We need some more of these. 
good Good, but...movies don't come more overrated. 
bad Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice). 
very_good The Usual Suspects loses some of its impact with subsequent viewings, but it remains a superior picture with much to enjoy beyond its unforgettable ending. 
best In many ways, the viewers are the mark in this audacious con game... and its brilliance is all the more impressive for it. 
very_good Intriguing well made crime drama with a nice twist in the end 
bad The Usual Suspects has always kind of sat there, hoping that you'll love it for its twist ending. 
good It's not often that a movie so intriguing comes out of Hollywood, but when one does, it should be watched. 
good ...an entertaining crime drama; an intricately conceived puzzle play; a fragment of gangster mythology; a parody of cops-and-robbers films; an outright black comedy; 
good But like a tale from the Arabian Nights, told for the sheer pleasure of storytelling, this elegant puzzle not only enjoys showing off, it also has something to show. 
very_good The Usual Suspects is an accomplished synthesis of noir elements and, as such, is an entertaining entry to the genre. 
bad After following the beckoning twists and turns, you're left trapped and more than a little disappointed for getting in so deep. 
good The Usual Suspects is a movie with style to burn, and, initially, that is this crime drama's most mesmerizing aspect. 
good The twist at the end is a corker, but crucial questions remain unanswered. What's interesting, though, is how little this intrudes on our enjoyment. 
very_good There are plenty of twists in the plot to keep you on your toes throughout the film. 
good This is a film that looks good, and has good actors, but the writing is really the film's strongest point. 
bad As entertainment, the film is a lukewarm experience. But as a piece of construction, The Usual Suspects is a slick bit of business. 
good All the actors nail their parts with ultra-cool finesse, and just listening to Del Toro mumble his lines is worth the cost of the ticket alone. Singer's direction is also completely on target. 
fair Director Bryan Singer gives his film enough surface flash to entertain future late-night cable possibilities. 
good The interaction of all the characters is both fascinating and unusual. 
very_bad Once again, my comprehension began to slip, and finally I wrote down: 'To the degree that I do understand, I don't care.' 
fair The screenplay from Jez and John-Henry Butterworth inserts some actual discussion of his songwriting and groove technique, giving the man credit for virtually inventing the funk. 
fair The film's relative lack of any actual drama in the narrative is ultimately the result of a biographical approach too dedicated to flattery. 
fair The production numbers steal the show. 
good So convincing is Chadwick Boseman's performance that one would think the spirit of James Brown itself jumped into Boseman's skin, such are the supernatural heights he achieves. 
fair Chadwick Boseman is charismatic as Brown - a violent, manipulative perfectionist who is emotionally disconnected from those around him. 
good Magically, unexpectedly, most funkily, Get on Up feels fresh and crisp as the Godfather of Soul's keenest moves. 
good It's stirring scattershot stuff, made with a fine eye for period detail and an evident passion for the music, which remains the driving force throughout. 
good The film tapers off in its final reel, ending on a conventional note -- but not before it has done its best to capture its subject in all his manic and absurd glory. 
good Director Tate Taylor's electrifying, energised portrait of James Brown rapidly takes a left turn away from formula via the musician's colourful brush with rock bottom. 
fair With an appropriately jarring sense of energy, this James Brown biopic acutely captures the Godfather of Soul's iconic musical talents, although the fragmented script undermines any emotional kick in his story. 
bad A sanitised version of events that focuses on fame rather than notoriety. 
very_bad There's more drama in one track from Live at the Apollo than 139 long minutes of this. 
bad There are rich sequences here tackling both Brown's phenomenal musicianship and importance to the black consciousness of '60s America. 
good Exhaustive biography this is not. But in focusing on Brown's rise and heyday and with Boseman faultlessly capturing his groove, you can't fail to have yourself a funky time. 
very_bad The music gives you some big, sugar-rush moments, but it's a disappointing response to one of pop culture's most brilliant and complicated figures. 
good Energising, stylish and engrossing, although its scattershot chronology and egocentric approach might not be to everyone;s taste. 
bad Boseman's performance comes bounding in with such wicked attitude, and such a showman's determination to give us a good time, it's hard to harbour regrets for long. 
good This film is eccentric, extravagant, and electrifying. 
good Boseman - who played baseball legend Jackie Robinson in '42 - does everything right. 
good Chadwick Boseman is absolutely electric as the centrepiece of Tate Taylor's James Brown biopic. 
bad Punctuated with musical set pieces that are among the best ever created for the screen. 
very_good This is not an impression. This IS James Brown. 
good A largely successful attempt to present the life story of the impenetrable and eccentric genius of funk in a way that respects Brown's memory and experiments with the biopic formula while also entertaining a mainstream audience. 
best no ordinary bio-pic. It is as kinetic and as kaleidoscopic as the radical new approach to music Brown introduced. 
bad Swingin' but scrambled biopic that never quite finds its rhythm. 
good In Boseman's hands - and his feet, and his entire body, for that matter - he demands and earns our attention. 
very_good This is the way that a biopic of a music legend should be brought to screen...full of music with Chadwick Boseman giving an award-quality performance lip-syncing to the iconic voice of James Brown. 
fair A nostalgic indulgence which, like the cinematic equivalent of a fluffy fanzine, eschews serious criticism of a revered icon in favor of a pleasant parade of his most memorable classics. 
good Papa's got a secondhand bag? ... As self-consciously arty and formulaic as it sometimes is, the film stays with you thanks to Chadwick Boseman's shrewd, powerhouse performance ... 
very_bad Chadwick Boseman delivers a precise impersonation of Brown's gravelly voice and eccentric moves, and even lends emotional weight to the few scenes that deserve it. However, his role feels more like a series of bullet points than an organic character. 
very_good Sometimes the star outshines the screenplay. 
fair Chadwick Boseman is so formidable that, were the film itself just a bit better, he would eventually be basking in the same sort of year-end accolades that greeted Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles and Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny Cash. Who knows, he may yet. 
good Chadwick Boseman steals the show in this electric look at the unforgettable life of James Brown. 
fair Get on Up has elements of greatness but ends up being just one step above a standard musician biopic - as result of its fairly derivative narrative 
fair Somewhat sanitized and over-directed biopic saved by Boseman's electric performance. 
bad It's difficult to dislike a film that begins with late-model, track-suited James Brown... delivering a monologue on matters of self-determination and the pleasure of bowel movements in the privacy of one's own toilet. 
good Reflective of James Brown's invigorating, transcendent music, Tate Taylor's Get on Up blares and bangs its way through the iconic soul singer's life, kept on beat by star Chadwick Boseman's explosive energy. 
best The twins playing the pre-teen Brown (Jamarion and Jordan Scott) do a sweet job of understating the pain in the childhood of the superstar-to-be, and Boseman carries the rest with a mix of pure talent, confidence, magnetism and rage. 
bad We get a lot of what happened to James Brown without a lot of who he was, or even really why he mattered. 
good Entertaining, somewhat overlong biopic has edgy material. 
very_bad The jumbled "Get On Up" can't touch the star it purports to represent. 
fair The movie does a good job convincing us of Brown's genius, but it does little to put anything at stake. 
bad Entertaining but Brown's life is glossed over to the point that he's barely more three dimensional than he was in the old Eddie Murphy SNL sketches. 
bad It just wants to play some of the big hits you love while ticking off a checklist of standard biopic milestones. 
good It's as if Brown's life was one long groove, and he always stayed deep in the pocket no matter where he was. 
good Thrives on a thrilling soundtrack, a doozy of a yarn and Chadwick Boseman's dynamite-powered portrayal of Brown. 
bad Unfolding with a hyperactive but magnetic sense of momentum, Get on Up does, indeed, get on up, scene after scene. 
fair A well-acted entertainment that's highly respectful of the story it has to tell. It's disjointed but fun to watch. 
bad It's one of the year's truly outstanding performances, even if the movie never quite penetrates Brown's rhino-rough hide. 
good With a shaky, distracting narrative, the film has a number of flaws, but Boseman's ferocious, fearless take on one of the most influential musicians of all time is the best cinematic equivalent to a one-man show you'll see all year. 
fair ...it can't distract us from how familiar the story feels, even if you know nothing at all about Brown. What makes the film worth seeing are the two lead performances. 
best 'Get On Up' has Chadwick Boseman going for it, who is thoroughly convincing as the Godfather of Soul 
fair Whatever failings the film may have, none can be laid at the feet of lead actor Chadwick Boseman, whose performance is phenomenal. 
very_bad "Get on Up" turns Brown's life into an even bigger mess. 
bad Chadwick Boseman has done right by James Brown in Get On Up; it's a shame the movie isn't worthy of either of them. 
very_good Unexpectedly buoyant; it skims over a life as if tunefully improvising, touching just the right note here and there. 
best A movie that conducts the crackling electricity of Brown's music with a heat and swagger and verve that rivals the achievement of what Taylor Hackford's Ray brought off 10 years ago. 
very_bad It will please no one, but at least it tried not to be dull. 
good Sharp storytelling and direction take us inside, outside and all around Brown, across a span of nearly six decades---and through it all, we see, hear and feel the rhythm, music and grooves and drove him forward. 
fair a danceable delight 
good A messy, qualified triumph that even at 138 minutes makes an incomplete case for Brown's meaning to American life and culture, but a triumph nevertheless. 
good Get On Up revels in the energy of James Brown, as played with intense concentration and excitement by Chadwick Boseman. 
very_good "Get on Up" is loud, proud, funky, soulful, sweaty, emphatic and sometimes a little hard to understand, just like its subject, James Brown. 
good If Chadwick Boseman's turn as Jackie Robinson last year in "42" made him a star, his flashy performance in James Brown biopic "Get On Up" adds another layer of shine. 
good To play James Brown, the Godfather of Soul, in Get On Up, cautious just won't cut it. No worries. Boseman tears into the role like a man possessed. You can't take your eyes off him. 
very_good Like most biopics, "Get On Up" is flawed, but once Boseman takes the stage, his re-creation ... makes you forget the little that is wrong with the film and just concentrate on enjoying the spectacle. 
good There's an emotional logic to this structure, though, which envisions the late Brown's life as a series of moments of unmitigated ego and irresolvable pain. 
very_good The hardest-working musical biopic in show business. 
fair This "brand new bag" of a biopic is coursing with energy thanks to an electric, rousing performance by Boseman that simply must be seen. 
good There's more than enough here to recommend it, especially when you factor in Boseman's skillful portrayal and a phenomenal soundtrack that reminds you just how much of a musical genius Brown truly was. 
bad The story line is too slight... but thanks to a showstopping performance by Chadwick Boseman, Get on Up is quite entertaining. 
good These kinds of Hollywood pop stardom portraits usually flop or fly based on their casts and the ebullience of their musical scenes. "Get on Up" wins on both fronts. 
very_good Everything about "Get on Up," a provocatively structured and unusually rich musical biopic, is a little better, a little less formula-bound, a little sharper than the average specimen in this genre. 
good It's hard not to feel good while watching Chadwick Boseman exuberantly disappear into the role of the Godfather of Soul. 
very_good The movie we imagine it should be, crackling across the screen with a beat you can damn near dance to. 
bad Yet the energy never flags, the film conveys a deep love of Brown's music (which fills almost every scene), and Boseman remains magnetic whether onstage or in quiet moments... 
very_good One funk-tastic musical biopic. 
fair Boseman nails Brown's idiosyncratic style of speaking, and, although no one is Brown, he has some pretty swell dance moves. 
fair Boseman's performance nearly makes up for the movie. 
fair Get On Up delivers the funk, which Brown himself would tell you never dies. 
bad Get on Up is full of standard-issue biopic moments, but they're played slightly out of order, with a fractured chronology that's more confusing than illuminating. 
best Get on out to 'Get on Up', a superb and edgy biopic of the Godfather Of Soul, James Brown. Chadwick Boseman is possessed by the spirit and demons of the man and may be Oscar bound. 
good Taylor deserves much of the credit for capturing the magic of Brown as entertainer, but just as much credit must go to Boseman, who not only re-creates Brown's explosive stage moves, but dominates every other scene he's in. 
very_good A thoroughly entertaining film. 
good You have to see this thing. 
very_bad Chadwick Boseman throws everything he has into his performance as the man who threw everything he had into his performance 
good Like Brown, the movie is dynamic and entertaining as hell. 
bad To put music and race aside, and then try to tell the story of James Brown, is to climb into the ring with both hands tied behind your back. 
very_good A movie of uncompromising soul, unadulterated funk and unalloyed joy 
bad As if taking a cue from its own title, the movie emphatically sets its sights on the upward trajectory of Brown's career. 
bad A sensational, swaggering performance by Chadwick Boseman keeps the funk alive and lifts Get On Up from the tired biopic formula. 
good Hopkins' joyous romp is a little slow for kids. 
very_good Ambushing audiences isn't easy for an actor like Anthony Hopkins, from whom we've come to expect shouting routines. But he propels this biopic past familiar fish-out-of-water beats with a vibrant, wily, unpredictable joie de vivre not seen since "Nixon." 
fair It's hard not to like Hopkins' Burt Munro, which means it's hard not to like The World's Fastest Indian. 
bad It creaks and splutters all the way, but Hopkins' charm keeps it chugging along steadily. 
good Hopkins presides as such an engaging old coot, it seems criminal to point out flaws in the film -- which rarely tries to be more than a Kiwi version of 'The Straight Story.' 
good A wonderfully uplifting and charming biopic that's sure to win over all but the most mean-spirited. And the motorbike races really rocket, too. 
good A real family treat. 
fair Essentially this oddly engaging -- sometimes just downright odd -- little movie is a feel-good sports movie for the art-house crowd. 
very_bad There's a compelling last act, with Munro burning his hands and bleeding to keep his bike alive for a record run. But it's a long wait 'til then. 
good Seeing the usually elegant Hopkins with unkempt hair and grease under his fingernails is truly a sight to behold. 
best Like The Straight Story, only faster - this is an enjoyable, heartwarming feel-good drama with a terrific performance from Hopkins. 
very_good An eccentric man meets an eccentric dream -- and the result is an oddball delight of a motion picture. 
good Its lousy title notwithstanding, 'Indian is a winning character study of a crusty curmudgeon, played to the handlebars by Anthony Hopkins. 
fair The World's Fastest Indian brings a simplified, implausible and often untrue version of a story worth hearing, but I recommend it to anyone who needs proof that people past 60 have dreams, skills and/or sex lives. 
very_good A film for anyone who likes to walk away from the theater inspired. 
good Surprisingly, Donaldson makes this movie about a speed demon work by adopting the philosophy of the tortoise, not the hare: Slow and steady wins the race. 
very_good ...you have to like a movie that so perniciously resists genrification, that seems at once so odd and strange and tender. 
fair Yet another uplifting movie inspired by a true incident. 
fair The laid-back result may not set any land speed records, but it is heck on wheels. 
bad ...basically this is Days of Thunder crossed with Pee-Wee's Big Adventure. 
good You'll be glad you came along for the ride ... 
good The movie really isn't about land-speed records, and it isn't about motorcycles. Instead, it's about a man following his dream and not taking no for an answer. 
bad An affectionate portrait of a real-life Kiwi record breaker that took director Roger Donaldson 30 years to bring to the screen. 
best Hopkins' performance seems to embody the heart and sole of the man, the character, and the legend. 
bad This fluffy outsider meringue is downright impossible not to swallow. 
fair Runs on a rich performance by Hopkins ... Despite a few speed bumps, you can just sit back and enjoy the ride. 
bad Donaldson never raises the stakes high enough for the audience to empathize with Munro, just to be amused by him. 
good Roger Donaldson crafts his little-movie-that-could with an eye towards maximum inspiration. 
very_good A welcome relief from the onslaught of feel-good Disney "based on a true story" sports flicks that have begun to wear out their welcome. 
good Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that stands among his best, and the film has a quiet, straightforward style of storytelling that appealed to me. 
bad Hopkins is unable to raise this movie above its flat, featureless plot. 
good Anthony Hopkins is so endearing in this film that you can't help being charmed by his character and the story, even if you don't care about land speed records. 
bad For a film that's ultimately about speed, it could use a little more zip. 
good The World's Fastest Indian might be the world's worst title for a charming, slice-of-life biopic starring Anthony Hopkins. 
very_good The World's Fastest Indian is a total charmer, one of those salt-of-life stories drawn from fact, inflected by humor and given robust respect by all involved. 
good The World's Fastest Indian is an old-fashioned feel-good movie. 
fair The World's Fastest Indian is lightweight stuff, but despite the cliches it's an enjoyable ride. 
good The film may be cutesy-poo for some tastes, and there isn't much nail-chewing suspense in Burt's pursuit or his lighthearted subjugation of everyone he meets. But man and "motor-sickle" sneaked up and beguiled me, so all I could do was hop on. 
good Without apology, Munro's story has been embellished and romanticized right to the edge of cornball, where it manages to make a hairpin turn and restore its balance. 
very_good Like the 1920 Indian motorcycle that Munro races, the film sputters a bit as it starts out. But it slowly gains speed and momentum, earning a kinship to David Lynch's similarly winning and low-key film The Straight Story (1999). 
fair The inspirational road picture The World's Fastest Indian hitches a ride on the charm of its star, Anthony Hopkins. 
fair History dictates that you know how the story ends. Still, the heart beats no less fast when you watch Munro's Indian rocketing across those salt flats. You can see how it might be enough to justify a journey halfway around the world. 
best Doesn't attempt to cram a ray of sunshine up your keister and manages to tell a truly inspiring story nonetheless. Hopkins is great. 
good Hopkins' performance, more sprightly and less self-conscious than you would expect from a 68-year-old actor with a knighthood, embodies Munro's bubbly enthusiasm for speed. 
good Donaldson lets Hopkins be the twinkly, cute old man, without turning this into a Kiwi version of Miracle on 34th Street. 
bad The film is so languid that at times you may find yourself wishing that Hopkins would eat someone's liver. 
good I imagine a double feature of this and Glory Road could even make Chuck Norris cry 
good Hopkins is up to the task, and it's his most fully rounded performance in years. 
best The inspiring true story The World's Fastest Indian should be mandatory viewing for anyone who has ever said, 'I'm getting too old for this.' 
bad There also are plenty of nuts-and-bolts references to satisfy those interested in racing, whether on two wheels or four. The movie features some funny moments, such as when Munro makes his own pistons and then brews tea from the cooling-barrel water. 
bad You could go see The World's Fastest Indian, or you could pick up one of those tiny, inspirational books they sell at the check-out stands of mega-bookstores. Same diff. 
good Writer-director Roger Donaldson's two-hour-plus film is a sterling valentine to real-life eccentricity, personal dedication and nuts-and-bolts ingenuity. 
good You'd need to have a wheel loose not to be inspired by a man whose fearless dedication teaches everyone he meets to just enjoy the ride. 
very_good These days, when movies often fatuously exploit youth and condescend to age, it's refreshing to see something like Roger Donaldson's picaresque action movie The World's Fastest Indian. 
good The World's Fastest Indian is a movie about an old coot and his motorcycle, yes, but it is also about a kind of heroism that has gone out of style. 
very_good You thought you knew Anthony Hopkins, but you haven't seen nothin' until you've experienced the man doing a celebratory jig or straddling a crotch rocket down the coast at high speeds. 
fair First, this Indian is a motorcyle. Second, while ironically a little slow in places and schmaltzy at times too; the cinematography/acting/script are warm, and sound top notch. 
good Hopkins' delightful performance as the eccentric Burt Munro is the true heart and soul of this highly enjoyable film. 
very_good You should set your own land speed record to see this crowd-pleaser of a production. 
bad Even a nice chianti couldn't help you wash down this lump of tear-jerking twaddle. 
bad Personal film projects about which directors feel passionate about don't necessarily result in good films as is evident in this manipulative and schmaltzy inspirational fairy tale. 
bad The film provides two hours of pleasant entertainment and like an old pair of slippers feels comfortable and familiar even if the soles have worn out long ago. 
good ...an extraordinary performance by Anthony Hopkins from a brilliant script by director Roger Donaldson. 
fair A crowdpleaser with some pacing issues. 
fair Anthony Hopkins plays a New Zealander grease monkey who soups up an obsolete motorcycle to make it a contender for land speed records. By rights this film should not work, but Hopkins and Kiwi charm pull it off. 
very_good Anthony Hopkins channels Steve McQueen as his sly, warm, quirky charm elevates this cheery curmudgeon's journey to an endearing, spiritual odyssey. 
bad They're oh, so cute that it's almost enough to make you puke. 
fair A hodgepodge of mega-tired genres that, despite all odds, still manages to work and work well. 
bad It's [Hopkin's take-it-or-leave-it] attitude that undercuts the hokum and preciousness, though just barely. 
good Anthony Hopkins recreates a mechanical miracle in taking a 1920 motorcycle to 201 mph in the biopic of New Zealand's motorcycle saint Burt Munro. 
fair Combines two genres--triumphing underdog and road movie--which are involving and entertaining, albeit rather predictable. 
fair It's a different approach to drama, I'll give it that. But it's not a very dramatic one. 
fair Though the movie may be quaint and at times overly familiar, it achieves its goal of being inspiring while portraying a man's singular pursuit of excellence. 
very_good Hopkins resists his inclination to overplay and turns out one of his most endearing performances in years. 
good Hopkins' larger-than-life performance as the crusty and crafty Burt rivets your attention for two solid hours in this most entertaining labor of love. 
fair makes no undue demands of the viewer... never overplays the conflicts in Munro's life 
good The World's Fastest Indian does what it sets out to do: educates about a mostly unknown historical figure (without doctoring the facts too much), entertains, and uplifts. 
fair If you've not jumped onto the daisy chain of Burt Munro cheerleaders by the film's siss-boom-bah climax, you'll probably end up toasting in the holidays with the Ghost of Christmas Past. 
bad This based-on-fact story of a New Zealand coot who defies age by racing his motorcycle competitively is a big mushy piece of ice cream cake for Anthony Hopkins. 
very_bad There's no moment during this true-life Little Codger That Could tale that doesn't drip with unabashedly calculated schmaltz. 
bad Donaldson's ham-fisted direction leads to multiple soppy, cringe-inducing moments (Burt talking about his brother Ernie takes the cake). 
fair The handy parade of enablers for an old, personable traveler smacks of fantasy, but his devotion to achievement will make you root for the outcome. 
good An enthusiastic man from New Zealand proves that age is no impediment toward fulfilling his dreams. 
terrible No mystery why Hopkins climbed on board, the only mystery is why anyone else did. 
bad The twin novelties of Sir Anthony Hopkins racing a motorcycle and speaking in a Kiwi dialect make The World's Fastest Indian worth seeing -- just barely. 
bad Yes, it's well-made schmaltz, but that's not a bad thing. 
good Iron Man 3 is, perhaps by default, the best comic book superhero "threequel" yet. 
bad The movie works mainly due to its acting. 
bad Iron Man 3 has good things in it, enough to please the series' fans -- and yet too many drawbacks to win many converts. 
bad Downey is a brilliant actor who somehow manages to portray Tony Stark as traumatised without losing the character's laidback and comedic quality. 
good The film's true strength is a snappy, whip-smart wit 
good Robert Downey, Jr. makes Iron Man one of the most entertaining superheroes in the Marvel movie universe. 
fair There's little doubt that Iron Man Three, in its early stages, fares a whole lot better than one might've anticipated... 
very_good A generous step up from its predecessor, the various twists aren't exactly as expected, but you'll still have fun getting there. 
best Packed with virtually non-stop action from start to finish, "Iron Man 3" is the best film in the "Iron Man" series and among the best Marvel-inspired films ever 
good This may be the lightest, most entertaining cinematic exploration of post-traumatic stress disorder yet. 
good The way Black surrenders the movie's edginess to the generic onslaught of flashy visuals is a mild disappointment. 
bad A regression in the usual strong work from Marvel Studios, Iron Man 3 suffers from director Shane Black's mishandling of this popular superhero character. 
bad The elements that were once daring are starting to feel statistically approved - and tired. 
good Terrorist and anxiety attacks prove equally dismaying to Marvel's 'man in a can' in this witty, satisfying sequel. 
bad Iron Hot with action 
good ... best Iron Man yet thanks to Shane Black, who pushes characterization, clever plot twists, not computer effects ... Downey, for a change, drops his guard, shows the heart beneath the armor 
good It's the funniest superhero film, and it doesn't feel like it's pandering. That's the power of Downey, Jr. and now Shane Black. 
terrible Are you sick of superheroes? No, of course you are not, cinema audiences are lapping up any caped crusader movies. But I am, especially when Tony Stark is an angst ridden shambles suffering from performance anxiety. What's so super about that? 
good Yeah...it's good. 
good We can trust in Tony Stark, even when he's falling apart and can't trust himself. 
bad For anyone familiar with Shane Black's work, it's not long before a strong case of deja vu sets in. 
good what it does it does quite well, providing a satisfying sense of escapism while reminding us that such pleasures don't have to be saturated with overkill and completely devoid of relevance 
very_good Black and Downey put a swell spin of wit into it and, in a time of superhero saturation, take a back seat to no one in reserving marquee space for their guy. Moreover, they leave you wanting more of the same, please. 
good Iron Man 3 displays no shortage of cocky swagger in-between - and often during - the requisite sequences of high-tech 3-D carnage. 
very_bad Same old tired effects to go along with more Downey smugness. 
fair Here, it's not the suit that makes the man; it's the man that makes the suit. And Downey is still the star that keeps it-and this multi-million-dollar movie franchise-roaring and soaring. 
bad A lumbering half-assed attempt at self-seriousness with lots of stuff blowing up, a smattering of repartee, one excellent sequence, and a brace of uninteresting villains. 
bad Not the best of the three but Robert Downey, Jr. is better than ever. 
good In the midst of various plot threads with varying degrees of contemporary relevance, Black pulls off a crazy plot twist a little more than halfway through the film that's truly inspired and solidifies it as a comedy. 
bad With its satisfying combination of humor, action and dazzling set pieces, Robert Downey Jr. and company provide everything fans of the franchise expect. 
best A worthy addition to the vaunted Marvel franchise! 
very_good Iron Man 3 is a spectacularly fun ride. A superhero movie that is, indeed, super. 
fair Like the suits Tony Stark pilots by remote throughout the film, it feels like an empty shell, all sleek and shiny and looking the part on the surface but hollow at the core. 
good Despite a somewhat slow start and occasional plot missteps, Iron Man 3 ultimately soars thanks to its charismatic leading man and director Shane Black's man-on-wire balancing act of humor and action. 
fair Like Iron Man 2, the movie is generally engaging, occasionally dull, frequently cluttered, and recommended with only the greatest of reservations. 
bad I've got 3D, but I want 4D. And 5D when it is concocted. 
bad While not a complete failure as visceral eye-candy, Iron Man 3 substitutes schmaltz for inspiration and novelty. It's disappointing that what appears to be the franchise's last chapter goes out not with a bang, but with a shrug. 
good bounds with buoyant irreverence and serious suspense. The scale is large, the payoffs larger, and the sense of fun is never too far from the angst and anguish Stark endures between quips and feats of derring-do. 
fair The film's army of digital artists deliver big servings of neuron-numbing spectacle. Anyone who thinks that's not important should avoid this film. 
very_good Thanks mainly to Robert Downey Jr.'s performance, this series remains as entertaining as ever. 
good They decided to make a sort of mad James Bond film...except instead of Bond, you've got Tony Stark...who, by the way, has a suit of armor. 
fair Not quite as much fun as Iron Man the first... but there are worse ways to welcome summer than with the low-key return of an old friend in good spirits. 
good Iron Man is starting to run out of juice. Walk away and leave while on top. 
good Dare I say it's the best Iron Man film yet? I dare. 
very_good Iron Man 3 is innovative, hilarious, and crafted in the same vein of the first film. The closing act is so ridiculously good and gratifying that it'll give you goosebumps. Robert Downey Jr electrifies in the Tony Stark role yet again. 
bad As always in director/co-writer Shane Black-and this goes back to his cantaloupe-testicled actioners of the 1980 like The Last Boy Scout: Why waste energy mocking a convention that it might be better to do without in the first place? 
fair Yet another state-of-the-art Marvel creation that strikes an entertaining balance between heart, swagger, and volume. 
good As a modern commentary, as a piece of pop culture popcorn pizzazz, Shane Black has started the Summer 2013 season off well. 
very_good Iron Man 3 packs all the clever one-liners and tons of fun we expect, while contrasting that fun with an authentic sense of menace. 
fair Iron Man 3 is not the best Marvel Studios movie, but it provides plenty of fun and excitement for both Iron Man die-hards and newly acquired Avengers fans. 
bad Fewer playboy antics, but still plenty of violence. 
fair Iron Man 3 feels like an exploitative mulching of present-day anxieties. The script is ambitious but not wise enough to be rightfully cathartic. It's more Cuisinart than art. 
good Though Iron Man 3 is a better constructed film than its predecessor, ultimately it succeeds for the same reason the first two films did -- Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark. 
good That is why Iron Man 3 does a very smart thing, something comic fans have always known is what makes comics great: it takes a superhero and focuses on the man. 
good Let the other superheroes fret over the state of civilization, Iron Man just wants you to have fun and from the look of things there are no signs of rust to slow him down. 
good A bit like Tony Stark himself, "Iron Man 3" crackles with personality and humanity, not caring what people may think. 
good A great way to kick off the spring and summer blockbuster movie season! 
good The movie flies by in an entertaining flash. 
bad Iron Man 3 is a primer on how not to handle a superhero sequel--but Paltrow's abs look great! 
good The third time's a charmer for this Marvel franchise, thanks to a clever script and, of course, its inimitable star. 
good Iron Man 3 follows a psychologically tormented hero who has light-hearted fun while engaging in cartoonish mayhem and uncovering corruption that reflects on contemporary politics. If that sentence sounded like a mouthful, just imagine the movie. 
bad The movie trades on the continuing Marvel film universe without expanding it in any appreciable way. Ultimately, you will have had enough of Tony Stark when this one ends and that's not how Tony would want it. 
fair After a while, the steady diet of tongue-in-cheek starts to taste monotonous as day-old gum. 
good With great performances from Robert Downey Jr. and Ben Kingsley, this superhero adventure is a blast and a thrilling kick off to the summer of 2013. 
fair Just like he does with those crummy Sherlock Holmes movies, Downey elevates this rather flimsy material with his sheer presence. 
fair With a few good jokes, another committed performance by Downey and a fine one by Kingsley, this is still great fun, regardless of sequelitis and whether you're a freak-flag fanboy or not. 
very_good It's right there in the credits: We'll be seeing more of Tony Stark! 
very_bad Se Tony Stark faz rir com eficiencia, seus momentos dramaticos soam rasos em funcao da sensacao de que estamos apenas vendo Robert Downey Jr. interpretando Robert Downey Jr. enquanto este vive Stark. 
very_good The most memorable moments in Iron Man 3 involve Stark's brief and hilarious, yet touching relationship with a young boy (Ty Simpkins) whose own father deserted him at 6 years old. 
good a surprisingly tedious checklist of Shane Black-isms 
bad A Clunky Debut to Marvel's Phase 2. 
good Doesn't break any new ground or transcend its genre. But it's still very entertaining and never boring. 
bad The biggest problem is a common one: TMVS, or Too Many Villains Syndrome. 
fair The dialogue is a riot. 
bad Tony still has all his fleshy angles, but his manly arsenal feels a lot smaller than it did before. 
fair By even posing questions of identity, the film creates the kind of jeopardy we can believe in, and for a superhero movie, that is an accomplishment in and of itself. 
good It gives Black and his co-writer Drew Pearce ample opportunity to showcase the natural ease with which Downey creates America's snarkiest of flawed heroes. 
bad From its anxious protagonist and the battered metal sheaths he dons to save the world to the clattering, fiery mayhem that ensues with metronomic predictability, Iron Man 3 is less a movie than a final war whoop let loose before utter exhaustion sets in. 
fair Often entertaining yet exhausting. 
bad If it were not for (Robert) Downey (Jr.), "Iron Man 3" would be a total disaster, undermined by a haphazard, disjointed and sloppy plot. 
fair "Iron Man 3" suffers an identity crisis resembling that of the title superhero's alter-ego, billionaire Tony Stark, played by Robert Downey Jr. 
fair The action plays like a video game because, well, it may as well be. 
fair At times reaches "Avengers" level of intensity, fun and exhilaration, which makes it all the more frustrating that a few missteps result in it simply being a good movie and not the post-Avengers game changer it could have been. 
fair Downey is in fine comic form, especially when he's sparring with young Simpkins, who thankfully throttles back on the precociousness. 
good As compared to the overwrought, too-many-irons-in-the-fire second installment, Iron Man 3 proves its metal, oops, mettle, once again. 
good If you keep your expectations realistic, IRON MAN 3 will not disappoint. It's a great popcorn movie and a perfect way to start off the summer movie season! 
fair But for all the clanking armies of iron knights on display to dazzle the eager kid in each of us, this summer epic rings hollow. There's no one home inside the suit. 
bad Iron Man 3 manages to rise above its naked ambitions thanks to ... Robert Downey Jr.'s sly charm ... and Ben Kingsley's too-short and ... hilarious turn as the villainous Mandarin, a clever update on the comic-book character created in the '60s. 
bad The film provides more of the same and nothing startlingly innovative, but what's here is good. 
good Even though some purists may object to some of the twists and turns Black and company have managed to incorporate, for me, these twists are what makes IRON MAN 3 standout from the pack a bit 
fair The first film might have been able to get by on charm alone, but the mechanical feeling of this entry will more than likely leave you cold and indifferent. 
good The longest film in the series by a handful of minutes, Iron Man 3 certainly doesn't feel like it thanks to its briskly paced screenplay and the wise decision to place some of Iron Man's most heroic moments toward the end of the movie. 
good Black restores a light touch to the series, at least until the bloated finale, and puts the focus back on what has always separated this franchise from every other superhero movie: the wit and intelligence of Robert Downey Jr. 
bad It's lightweight but slow, padded with cheap jokes to disguise how hollow it is. 
bad [Shane] Black is the reason for the season and Downey is his Santa Claus 
bad The "Iron Man" films turned Mr. Downey into a huge star, but the role has gradually, maybe inexorably, swallowed him. 
good The epic action brought nerd tears to my eyes! Shane Black delivers a witty, action-packed flick with great twists. See it in 2D as the 3D conversion lacks great depth! 
very_good It balances massive, show-offy effects with hip knowingness and quirky human touches. It's a comic-book world seen not from the viewpoint of a fanboy but a wiseguy adult earthling. 
good The rambunctious Iron Man 3 is a briskly paced thrill ride until about 90 minutes in, when the excitement wanes. A few late-breaking surprises re-invigorate the tale, however. 
good The best in this series and one of the best Marvel films overall. 
good "Iron Man 3" is definitely a big perk-up from the almost-but-not-quite-listless "Iron Man 2"; maybe hanging out with the Avengers was a tonic for him. 
good The level of acting, at one time viewed as negligible in a superhero movie, is top-notch and no one seems to be mailing it in. 
bad Iron Man 3 is over-sized, ear-splitting and relentlessly intense. 
good It sharply fuses the humor and heart of the earlier films with a satisfyingly heavy-metal strength - and a darkness that's more than earned. 
fair The new film's not great, but it's consistently involving because the tonal shifts are so abrupt. 
bad With superhero movies, over time the mythology gets junked up with tertiary characters and leftover storylines. Tony Stark & Co. have taken the Iron Man franchise as far as it can go. 
fair A clanging approximation of fun. 
bad "Iron Man 3" might not be a total bust, but it does result in one big "meh." 
very_good Yeah, it's great. 
bad This [Tony] Stark is an anonymous shadow of his former self-promoting self. 
good 'Iron Man 3 is one of the best entries in this modern golden age of superhero movies. 
good Shane Black's Iron Man 3 is darker, funnier, more human, and with a few unexpected twists that will annoy some diehard fans while vastly entertaining the majority of audiences. 
bad Black still has to hit all the required superhero beats, but he does it with as much personality as he possibly can. 
bad A shrug of a film ... that has the diminutive stature of a DVD extra. 
very_good Downey's performance is impeccable. He gets that he's not simply playing a comic book character for the fourth time but a character who is evolving. 
fair Downey is as funny as ever, if not more so. He ensures that Iron Man 3 is a solid installment in the franchise, and helps to make it seem, at least for a time, that it might be something more. 
fair It's not without its payoffs; I enjoyed a lot of it. But overall last year's Avengers delivered the bombastic goods more efficiently than this year's Marvel. 
very_good "Iron Man 3' has a different feel from its predecessors, and that makes it as surprising as it is exuberant. 
fair The best scenes are when Stark just cuts impatiently through the claptrap. 
fair Robert Downey Jr. carries this superhero saga with his wit and clever improvised quips. 
fair It's decent popcorn entertainment -- just fine for the summertime, but nothing more than that. 
fair The usual winks and snarks from Tony Stark, but this edition feels fresher and funnier, thanks to writer- director Shane Black. 
bad Iron Man loses his clothes more often than a Kardsashian. 
bad Iron Man 3 is neither turgid nor zippy. It soars at times, and dawdles in places. 
good Iron Man 3 avoids fantasy in favor of a hefty helping of pulp fiction. The setup makes way for Downey, Jr.'s best work in the franchise. 
good Not only is "Iron Man 3" the best of the trilogy, it's the best Marvel film yet. Yes, even better than last summer's uber-blockbuster "The Avengers." 
fair The heavy metal action could never sink the irrepressible Downey, but it weighs down the otherwise light joy of ''Iron Man 3.'' 
very_bad This film resembles its protagonist Tony Stark: its overblown, convoluted and seemingly disconnected to anything that has come before it. 
good Exciting and hugely entertaining, it's an eye-popping spectacle with suprisingly clever, whimsical dialogue and wisecracking one-liners. 
good The best entry in the franchise so far. 
bad The energy bleeds out of the film; it's as if the producers were scared the crowd would riot over not enough digital fakeness. 
very_bad Iron Man 3 isn't a Blockbuster, it's a Blandbuster -- boring and safe and riddled with plot holes and filled with product placement. 
very_bad There's so much dumb stuff in "Iron Man 3" that I expected the credits to say, "Written and directed by Thor." 
fair A worthy, quirky, entertaining follow-up to The Avengers. 
very_good Shane Black here replaces his once-acidic spite for government and bureaucracy with a call for corporate responsibility. 
fair Jokier, bloodier, and a bit winded. 
bad Paltrow, who plays love interest Pepper Potts (and in a much bigger showing here) said in an interview I heard recently ... that Downey improvised hugely in the first two films but stuck more to the script here. They should have let him flow. 
good Just when superhero movies faced the danger of feeling too formulaic and conventional, along comes Iron Man 3 to give the genre a much-needed kick in the spandex. 
good A fun summer movie experience, it's a great ride that gets the season off to a hot start. 
fair Some eye-popping action sequences at least make this a worthy summer endeavor for movie fans, but it felt like "Iron Man 3" got such a big lead in the first half, it was content to run out the clock late in the game. 
good Watching Robert Downey Jr play a charismatic swaggering d*ck is entertaining. Watching him play an emotionally damaged swaggering d*ck is compelling. With huge laughs and hugely entertaining twists Iron Man 3 is easily on of the best Marvel movies 
fair Far too much of this movie - like Tony's new toys - is running on remote control. 
good Polished, tart and smart, Iron Man 3 buffs up to an entertaining, subversive two hours that enjoys supplying rugs simply to pull them from under the audience's expectations. 
good An outrageously entertaining, CGI-soaked tale of foreboding that transforms into a good-natured send-up of everything that proceeded it, replete with gags galore. 
good Shorter and less self-regarding than most Marvel movies, Iron Man 3 is every bit as zippy as we might expect from the creator of Lethal Weapon and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang . 
good Black nicely gives us lighter and darker moments, all wrapped up in one satisfactory standalone Iron Man story ... 
good Changing the writer and director for this third Iron Man movie turns out to be the best thing that could have happened, because Shane Black is a much more focussed filmmaker, and he gives this franchise a badly needed kick. 
good Iron Man 3 is like taking a helter skelter ride through a kaleidoscope of visual effects and emotions - bumpy, bright, dazzling and confusing in equal measure ... 
bad A no-holds-barred if uneven epic that should satisfy most diehard fans. 
good Comic-strip superhero movies are not exactly noted for intelligence, wit or humour. Iron Man 3 is the welcome exception. 
very_good Heartfelt and thorough yet lean and effortless, Iron Man 3 is nothing short of the best Marvel Studios film to date and a triumph for Shane Black and Robert Downey Jr. 
very_bad Just things blowing up, a great big endless boring noisy confusing nothingness given occasional zip by Gwyneth Paltrow in a temper. 
good A very entertaining sequel that recaptures the fun and charm of the first film after the cacophonous excesses of Iron Man 2. 
good Feels like a singular, fully realised entity, rather than a glorified teaser trailer for another crossover feature, and has some genuinely inspired and satisfying surprises amidst its familiar trappings. 
very_good It embraces the universe it lives in without exploiting it or letting it weigh down the story, and offers its hero a personal, dangerous challenge without ever losing its popcorn charm. 
bad It features some of the best moments of the trilogy, but it does feel a bit like a missed opportunity. 
best This is comic book filmmaking with the emphasis very much on the "comic" -- and further proof that it's possible to tell a meaty story full of high stakes action without getting weighed down by fanboy-courting descents into darkness. 
very_good [The film] expertly melds action, comedy and drama to become the finest Iron Man movie yet. 
good A fiery extravaganza that is a collision between the comic book world and Shane Black's resume of rapid fire action thrillers 
very_good Tony Stark's latest adventure is an enthusiastically exciting ride that never loses its humor or its edge. 
good Delivers thrilling action, witty dialogue and genuine emotion, thanks to a cleverly crafted script, state-of-the-art special effects, strong, likeable characters and note-perfect performances. 
good Black proves the perfect blacksmith, forging smart new tech and scenarios for the swaggering super-genius. If this does turn out to be Downey Jr.'s final solo outing, it's a very strong exit. 
good Fun for both fans and newbies to the comic book world, the movie may be a lengthy 129 minutes but it doesn't feel like it. 
bad This new Iron Man movie is probably the strongest of the series. The emphasis is on flip fun all the way. 
bad All in all, it's an enjoyable third instalment that keeps the Marvel juggernaut on the road...and also underlines who's the real (metal) star. 
good Funny, twisty and thrilling, this is shellhead's most entertaining solo flight to date. 
good Thanks to director Shane Black (who also co-wrote the script with Drew Pearce), it's a film that rejuvenates the franchise while having some fun with superhero convention into the bargain. 
good A summer blockbuster that, in this era of saturating trailers and set-piece spoiling TV spots, genuinely takes you by surprise. 
very_good Iron Man 3 is the Marvel film-verse breaking new ground, and it's easily the best of the trilogy. 
very_good The Iron Mans have always innately had the superhero secret formula ... but this instalment is even funnier and more thrillingly action-packed than its predecessors. 
good One of the great surprises of the movie is Kingsley's turn as the Bin Laden-ish bad guy, hamming it up and giving Stark a reality check on who's to blame for all this. 
good 'Iron Man 3&#8242; occasionally feels a little contrived - but then, if you're dealing with one of the best action directors around, you can expect him to draw on the style that he knows best. 
bad Go for the thrilling action and hilarious Shane Black one-liners. As for a compelling story and entertaining villains? Not so much. 
fair A lighter variation on the deconstructed superhero mythology found in The Dark Knight Rises. 
bad Iron Man 3 carries that 'morning after' feeling former playboy Tony Stark is no doubt familiar with... There are plenty of great moments, but it barely hangs together as a film. 
good A witty and rather surprising take on the superhero movie. 
best Superhero movies just don't get better than this. 
good In the annals of superhero movies, this is not the most thrilling, but it does contain two Downton Abbey jokes, and a stonking performance from Downey. 
bad It's undeniably entertaining - and worth seeing for Kingsley alone - with the misfires never fully overshadowing the moments of glory. 
good To use a recondite term in professional film criticism: whoo-hoo! 
good Black has an instinctive feel for balancing action set-pieces against the passages of soap-opera that are required to make them matter. 
bad ...the novel premise and Jovovich's strong performance almost manage to compensate for the pervasively uneven atmosphere. 
terrible Almereyda never gives us a reason why this particular Shakespeare story is relevant for today, and thus worthy of being retold. Perhaps he watched too much Sons of Anarchy? 
bad Dakota Johnson (Fifty Shades of Grey) is remarkably good in her role, as is Hawke in the nastily playful, Iago-like role of Iachimo. 
bad A conceptually weak and dramatically muddled mess that has acquired a game and good cast and then given them precious little to do. 
bad If too many filmmakers try to amp up the excitement in Shakespeare with movie magic, Almereyda goes to the opposite extreme in Cymbeline. 
bad Almereyda's sweeping cuts take material that was already problematic and render it almost nonsensical. 
terrible Director Michael Almereyda's ambition is admirable, but his grim and gristly modernization of Cymbeline rings almost entirely false. 
bad The source material, which is convoluted even by Shakespeare's narratively dexterous standards, is admittedly a tough nut for a filmmaker to crack. 
very_bad If nothing else, this film made me want to see more Shakespeare and if it has this effect on audiences, then Almereyda is to be commended. 
very_bad Perhaps this is what they mean by "problem play". In Michael Almereyda's new adaptation of Cymbeline, one of William Shakespeare's more troublesome works, almost nothing seems to click. 
good Thanks to witty writing and excellent performances, Break Point turns out to be one of the funniest sports comedies that we've seen in years. 
bad While the novelty wears thin as contrivances mount in the home stretch, there's enough fun, charisma and witty sight gags along the way to keep you on board. 
bad What's missing is something to hold it all together: a sense of style, a consistent comic perspective, a leading man with charisma. 
terrible ...seriously lackluster... 
bad It was better when it was a comedy starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore. 
terrible This is 50 First Dates-dark, but lacking that film's humor, characterizations, dramatic interest, and consistency. 
bad Suspense is strong thanks to Joffe's steady pacing and an unsettling, menacing atmosphere. Thanks also to fine performances from the three principals -- especially Kidman. 
bad A lot of emotion but not enough screenplay to keep things moving even for the spare 92 minute run time. 
very_bad Before I Go To Sleep vacillates so wildly between aims and issues that the conceit seems worthless. 
very_bad "Before I Go to Sleep" is a flimsy, disposable movie that's only positive is it allowed a couple of decent actors to draw a paycheck. 
very_bad Ultimately no more clever than a 10-year-old boy with a penchant for making armpit noises. 
bad While it boasts an impressive cast and a promising premise, Before I Go to Sleep suffers from a lack of imagination and conviction, resulting in a mediocre mystery thriller. 
bad A stylish, somewhat brutal, Brit-centric bedtime story about deception, danger and Nicole Kidman in distress. 
fair Stylish and suspenseful - like 'Gone Girl,' it belongs in a new sub-genre labelled 'marriage thriller.' 
very_bad If I had the option of forgetting about everything that happens in Before I Go to Sleep, I know I'd take it. 
terrible It's hard to tell if the film is hampered or helped by the performances of its three stars, because it's so amateurishly written and directed that their participation beggars belief. 
bad Before I Go to Sleep does little to redefine the psychological thriller genre but still offers an intriguing central mystery that should keep viewers guessing. 
very_bad There's no edge, no pulp, no grit under its fingernails. 
bad It's shallow, it's silly, it's pat. It's... forgettable. 
fair We are all caught up in the messy web of deceit and mystery. It's kind of fun. 
bad Throbbing musical crescendos and flickery flashbacks abound but apart from some outlandish plot machinations, nothing here is good or bad enough to be memorable. 
bad As long as viewers don't get a close-up look at the puzzle pieces, the film offers a giddy tension, but eventually the teasing becomes tiresome and you just wish Joffe would cut to the chase. 
bad Filled with far too many contradictions and implausible situations. 
very_bad The point is to make us distrust everyone and everything that everyone says. It works a little too well, because we end up distrusting the movie as a whole. 
bad Were it not for the participation of two A-list actors, Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth, Before I Go to Sleep would have been headed straight to video. 
good Kidman, in particular, takes honors for her smart, unshowy work, conveying desperation with her eyes and terror in the way she refuses to trust anyone with her real emotion. 
bad You could catch a quick nap during the film's denouement. 
fair [An] average thriller that's punctured with annoying plot holes. 
bad Unfortunately, the film turns out to be not quite as twisty as promised: it's less a pretzel than it is a Cheez Curl. 
very_bad It's a pretty, beautifully acted turd. 
terrible "Before I Go to Sleep" is a bad dream. It's a wobbly psychological thriller with only a trace of thrills. 
bad The premise is promising, but writer/director Rowan Joffe seems at a loss for how to handle the material; it all eventually, like Christine's memories, fades away. 
bad Despite a palpable chemistry between Kidman and Firth, Before I Go to Sleep lacks the level of sheer suspense and fear factor we've come to expect in amnesia thrillers (the best example being the daring Memento). 
bad A nifty premise, but other films have done this with more verve and imagination. The fine cast almost makes up for the ponderous tone. 
very_bad Despite its intriguing premise, the film amounts to little more than tedious, cliched melodramatics. 
bad A sheep in wolf's clothing. 
bad In short, the movie works, although probably not so well as the book does. 
very_bad This dull thriller wastes the potential of Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth. 
very_bad If Gone Girl's success and artistry have motivated people to explore the marriage thrillers (or "chick noir") further, Before I Go to Sleep may be the counterpoint to give it a rest. 
good Whatever else this puzzle picture is, or isn't, the three stars turn it into an acting tour de force. 
very_bad Before I Go to Sleep feels like a recurring nightmare - the kind you wake up from and wonder why you dream in cliches. 
bad Before I Go To Sleep's combination of talents on both sides of the camera means that while it may not rocket you to the edge of your seat as quickly and cruelly as the recent Gone Girl, it's hardly a snooze. 
bad A relatively mild thriller, but the cast is excellent and the direction is slick and classy. 
bad Before I Go To Sleep has all the right ingredients but it is not enjoyable: Tonally one-note - especially thanks to that score - it squanders its riches, which, when they're Kidman and Firth, is a crime. 
very_bad In the annals of amnesia movies, Before I Go To Sleep may not be remembered fondly. If at all. 
bad Imagine Groundhog Day without any of the good bits. 
bad Director Rowan Joffe, who adapted the screenplay from the best-seller by S.J. Watson, pulls off a stylish mystery for most of its duration, though the self-serious tone adds tarnish rather than polish to this otherwise engaging, diverting affair. 
bad However silly the denouement might be, the journey there is quite intriguing. 
good Kidman delivers such a finely delineated portrait of a woman adrift that you may be willing to overlook the rest. 
bad The basic problem with this thriller is that it's not very thrilling. 
bad With David Fincher's Gone Girl a bona fide hit, multiplexes will probably soon be flooded with further examples of what is now being referred to as the "marriage thriller". If so, it's a trend I can get behind. 
bad What might have been a smart, insightful thriller is instead a creepy bedtime story. 
bad Enjoyably preposterous ... 
very_bad A lack of consequence and an absence of character development are to be expected in a film about a woman whose life is reset every night, but these are challenges that Steven Knight's screenplay sets itself and then never rises to meet. 
bad You couldn't say that Before I Go to Sleep isn't entertaining. But you couldn't say it was remotely plausible or logical either 
good Joffe conjures superb performances from the perfect cast: this is Firth and Kidman at their best. A sexy, chilling and stylish trick of the light, this psychological thriller knows exactly what it's doing. 
very_bad Chilly and uninvolving. 
bad Joffe needed to find a visual language to make Christine's point of view loom large. He fluffs it. 
bad A rousing, blood and thunder mystery that works even better if you have yet to read the book. 
very_bad Joffe stretches for Polanski or Hitchcock, but his suspense is undercooked and his plot flails when it should twist. 
good Before I Go to Sleep is the kind of casually effective thriller we see too little of these days. 
bad A clever premise can't help but grab the audience's attention as this mystery-thriller plays with ideas of identity and memory, but the simplistic filmmaking makes it feel like a cheat. 
bad Before I Go To Sleep is chiefly a grand manipulation with just about enough clever twists to keep you, if not on the edge of your seat, at least happily alert, guessing along with the plot. 
bad Strong performances keep the viewer guessing as much as our heroine, but the character drama recedes as the thriller element builds, to its detriment. 
very_bad Best we all just pretend like this never happened and move on. 
good A murky tale, intriguingly told. 
bad As a thriller this is perfectly effective, but while director Rowan Joffe keeps the twists coming, something about Kidman's blank, frosty performance is unconvincing. 
bad A handsome thriller, absorbing for its duration and with a couple of neat rug-pulls. 
bad Promises an exploration of memory and its relationship with identity but in the main delivers only superficial, yet admittedly stylish, thrills. 
good This amnesia thriller is one of the most memorable films of the year. 
bad Roland Joffe has constructed a briskly paced, devilishly clever cat-and-mouse game, with a shivery atmosphere and an impressively tight focus. 
good With all due respect to the dozen or so guys sharing the latest Expendables marquee, Liam Neeson is the poster child for AARP badasses. 
very_good Frank's film is much more of a noir outing than a straight action feature, and Neeson slips right into the tone and feel of the hard-boiled detective offering. 
fair It's a feel-bad crime movie all around, one predicated on the fact that crime leaves real victims. Don't let the weapon on the poster fool you. This isn't Taken. It's a dark cellar, and your eyes may need time to adjust. 
bad For all of the backstory and the marginal characters, A Walk Among the Tombstones feels too much like a week spent watching CBS crime procedurals that take themselves way too seriously. 
fair There's a lot to like in this movie. This is why it's such a shame that the whole thing was ruined by a few minutes of footage. 
fair This very strong thriller is the best thing Neeson has been involved with for years. 
bad While we're waiting for the release of Taken 3, the man who was Oskar Schindler is keeping us in an action hero frame of mind with the moody-but-essentially-empty A Walk Among the Tombstones. 
good The film gives Neeson a chance to play a type of character that almost feels archaic in an age of superheroes and indestructible action heroes. A Walk Among the Tombstones proves the gumshoe still has legs. 
good The film creates few welcome tensions, between what you recognize and what you don't, between what Scudder must know and what he confronts in a couple of suspects, can be unnerving. 
good This smart, lean, tough and, yeah, talky flick has been very shrewdly and knowingly directed/adapted by Scott Frank (who wrote The Wolverine), who knows the noir conventions -- rain, melancholy, tough, doomed characters, paranoid plotting. 
good A gritty, old-school detective story, A Walk Among the Tombstones is an above-average excuse to watch Liam Neeson load handguns, kick down doors, and grill bad guys in a questionable American accent. 
good Liam Neeson reminds that he can be just as captivating to watch creating a complex character as he is beating bad guys up. 
very_good Rough-hewn and weary, Liam Neeson brings his very particular set of acting skills to the role of Matthew Scudder in this dark mystery thriller... 
fair The picture's apparently deeply held belief in its significance ultimately serves as its undoing. 
bad Walk Among the Tombstones is the latest gritty action film to be fashioned around Liam Neeson's undeniably powerful - and some would say inexplicable - persona as a laconic angel of vengeance. 
fair I love Liam Neeson's presence and there is a sardonic weight to him. 
bad It's odd to find a movie in which drug traffickers are, if not good guys, at least sympathetic victims of crimes that are even worse. 
fair For all its slick contemporary surface and fashionably nasty trimmings it's really a throwback to the age of 1940s noir. 
fair ...A Walk Among the Tombstones opens with an engrossing stretch that effectively establishes the central character and his latest case... 
bad A relatively old school private eye drama that maintains attention without leaving a lasting impression. 
bad Neeson virtually ensures the quality of most of what he's in. 
fair Some may find [it] an ugly film, but it keeps coming back to the humanity, of these characters, and the idea of how people can go astray when they're trying to hold on to it. There's no easy pleasure to succumb to, but the movie is genuinely satisfying. 
bad There doesn't seem to be many layers to unearth in this dour and grizzled adaptation of Lawrence Block's 1992 crime novel. 
bad Although bogged down by too many plot points, A Walk Among the Tombstones works as a gritty crime thriller that features a refreshingly compelling Liam Neeson as a reluctant man of violence ensconced in a violent world. 
good Liam Neeson is rescuing kidnapped girls again, but this time in a darker, moodier film. 
bad "A Walk Among the Tombstones" is, plain and simple, a Liam Neeson movie. 
fair What&rsquo;s best about A Walk Among the Tombstones is atmospheric...What&rsquo;s worst about the film is its sense of generic luridness... 
fair Despite a visually interesting, but ultimately brutal, opening credit sequence, the film devolves into a conventional detective mystery that quickly becomes long in the tooth. 
bad Only Liam Neeson can wear a brown corduroy car-coat with such menace or give off such world-weary ennui just before going into action. A Walk Among the Tombstones is one of his better films in a while, certainly compared to the Taken series. 
fair While the story is unexpectedly simple and occasionally revolting, Neeson's performance and Frank's direction tend to override Tombstones' more obvious flaws. 
bad While neither genre breaking nor a 2014 standout film, Liam Neeson nonetheless makes you want him yet again as your dad. 
terrible The biggest surprise is the fact that, even after all this time, Neeson still can't do a decent American accent. 
good If this is your kind of movie, it's hard to find one better made. 
bad Fierce and ferocious, it's filled with offensive scenes depicting graphic torture and grisly mutilation of women. 
fair A Walk Among the Tombstones certainly isn't bad, and it will make an excellent Netflix streaming option on some chilly Saturday night in the near future. 
bad There are abductions at the heart of Scott Frank's picture. We are, however, looking at something just a little more measured than the average Neeson punch-up. 
very_bad A Walk Among the Tombstones is your standard, traditional Noir flick; in other words, it feels pretty dated. 
fair No wild plot twists or elaborate genre deconstructions, just good old-fashioned sleuthing and gritty New York ambiance par excellence. 
bad Like a good crime novelist, Frank doesn't necessarily bring anything new to the genre, but he gives it a fresh presentation, telling the story with enthusiasm and skill. 
very_bad A fair amount of unintentional amusement aside, there's little here to enjoy. 
fair Neeson's latest effort, A Walk Among The Tombstones, is slightly more subdued than his average shoot-'em-up, but no less gruffly satisfying. 
good With a pace that can only be described as a slow crawl to excellence and methodical storytelling, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a riveting thriller that allows its audience to unravel the mystery right along with the title character. 
bad A Walk Among the Tombstones is no cerebral cop drama, and promptly settles down into a formulaic but perfectly watchable psycho-thriller. 
very_bad The film portrays grimy, late-1990s Brooklyn in atmospheric fashion, throwing in shots of run-down tenements, graffiti-strewn walls, disused parking lots and sprawling cemeteries. The plotting is less assured. 
good Liam Neeson is a cynical gumshoe tasked with finding out who killed a kidnap victim in this enjoyably nasty thriller, adapted from Lawrence Block's book. 
fair This is a stylish and smart thriller. 
bad A Walk Among the Tombstones is a bit too methodical in the delivery, but is mysterious enough to hold your attention throughout. 
best A nail-chewing, intense and chilling thriller as riveting as Silence of the Lambs. 
bad The title helps set the creepy stage right off the bat, and the opening credits--which play over a "dreamy" scene that you slowly realize is actually a nightmare--hit you like a punch to the gut. 
very_good Besides being a dynamite thriller, it gives something not insubstantial as an extra. 
fair Neeson is the best at portraying morally righteous annoyance 
fair Overplotted and underexplained ... 
good It has the steady pace of a police procedural, with a flawed but noble hero and the colorful lowlifes that populate any hard-boiled mystery scribe's world. 
fair Frank ... keeps things tense enough that we may not have time to notice one or two failings in the script. 
fair Action fans can rest easy with the knowledge that TOMBSTONES isn't some kind of existential drama. This is also one of its weaknesses. 
fair The movie doesn't dig into Scudder's character until the final act... 
bad Neeson has found his niche as latter-day action hero, which infuses a genre outing such as A Walk Among the Tombstones with all the necessary Neeson grit. 
good Almost annually since his breakout hit, Taken, in 2008, Neeson has come out with a terrific thriller and this one does not disappoint, highlighted by high tension and outstanding gritty cinematography of Brooklyn. 
good Slow and Steady Perfect for "Tombstone." 
fair a somewhat decent thrill ride 
bad With the combo of Neeson's natural solemnity and his action chops, "Tombstones" treads compellingly amongst lesser thrillers. 
very_good A solid entry into the film noir genre. 
very_bad "A Walk Among the Tombstones" feels like one of its villains: spiteful, sadistic and amoral. 
very_bad [A] reductive, bone-headed detective yarn ... 
very_bad Liam Neeson has a particular set of skills, but choosing worthwhile projects is no longer one of them. 
bad With luck, Matt Scudder will return - with more of the same patter, and much less splatter. 
bad There are plenty of virtues in Tombstones but director Scott Frank just lacks the flair to bring them together and make the film feel distinctive. 
very_bad Apart from the runtime there's little to distinguish this from an episode of any run-of-the-mill TV cop drama. 
good A largely unheralded contender for 2014's top thriller. 
bad Like Scudder, Tombstones is quiet, unpretentious and ultimately pretty effective. 
bad If it's still a Liam Neeson movie, it's one that broadens the genre's range just enough to not completely rework it. 
bad Scott Frank's atmospheric thriller is a step up from Neeson's usual shoot-'em-ups. Not a giant leap, but a step up nonetheless. 
good Neeson has so much audience good will at this point that he (almost) can do no wrong. He's very good as Scudder, and with luck (and good box office), this could be the start of a series. 
very_good A termite-art thriller that burrows in and stays with you, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a story about murder that makes you truly think about life. 
very_bad Tombstones is less homage than a cliched retread of the tried and true. Like this post-booze ex-cop, we've already been here and done that, to death. 
fair Audiences ... will be drawn to a more soulful Neeson as a downtrodden gumshoe with a strong sense of decency and dark streak of humor. 
very_bad This generic, hackneyed film noir - with a frustratingly inconsistent tone - means we may have to wait a while longer for a triumphant adaptation of Lawrence Block's popular literary creation Matthew Scudder. 
bad They don't make 'em like "A Walk Among the Tombstones" any more. Mainly because everyone got bored with 'em and stopped watching 'em. 
very_bad What is the point of all this nastiness? Well, of course, there is none. 
fair I found myself wishing this "Walk" would end far sooner than it did - but that we could follow Leeson's Scudder into another story. 
bad Neeson is no more "Taken" with this limp and jokey "Man with Particular Skills" thriller than we are. 
fair A Walk Among The Tombstones is a hauntingly criminal winner featuring some of Liam Neeson's most memorable work in years - hard-boiled and gritty in all the right ways. 
fair Although the overall tone of "A Walk Among the Tombstones" takes itself too seriously, it's always great to see Liam Neeson threaten a baddie on the phone. Thankfully, the rest of the movie doesn't suck, either. 
fair It excels at being a dark, gritty tale of vengeance...and it's at least something to get the fall movie season back on track. 
very_bad With references to Philip Marlowe and discussion of what it takes to make a good detective it's clear Frank intends Scudder to become a household name but, given this dodgy effort, that may never happen. 
fair I'd rather see Neeson spend his time cranking out more like this instead of making Taken 4: Dawn of Taken 
very_bad Think 'Taken' meets 'Taggart', only not as much fun. 
good Nobody can call this Taken In A Graveyard. Matt Scudder is Neeson's most intriguing role in years. 
bad While there are shades of Neeson's avenging angel in the Taken franchise, this is a different, more challenging proposition for the actor. 
bad The preponderance of private detective cliches gets in the way of an otherwise interesting foray into the odious garbage disposals of the soul. 
very_bad All of Scott Frank's thematic concerns are little more than window dressing for a run-of-the-mill detective story in line with '90s thrillers like The Bone Collector. 
bad Exciting, in places, though a stranger to subtlety, it ticks all the genre boxes, but there's something about its knowing noirisms that feels superficial rather than soaked-in. 
good Like a good butcher's cleaver, it's weighty, solid and sharp - an effective matching of director and star in what is hopefully the first of a new film series. 
best Jires' exceptional and sometimes incongruent damnation of his homeland is in turns mournful, furious, conflicted, and resolved to failure, but it's never less than moving. 
very_bad The best that can be said about it is that Kevin Kline is note perfect as the smarmy, scheming Chief Inspector Dreyfus and his undisguised contempt for Clouseau. 
fair I hope nobody misunderstands when I say: Steve Martin, you are no Peter Sellers. And while I'm at it; Shawn Levy, you are no Blake Edwards. 
terrible Without a whit of subtlety, this tired retread induces nary a laugh, only groans of disbelief that we're expected to find such a sorry string of dumb puns, infantile farts, awful accents and endless pratfalls funny. 
bad Perhaps it's time to admit that The Pink Panther series is ready for permanent retirement. 
fair ...a slight yet sporadically hilarious update of the classic Peter Sellers/Blake Edwards film series. 
bad For now, though it's a mixed blessing, this seems like the movie Martin deserves. 
bad Ciente de que Peter Sellers e inimitavel como Closeau, Martin cria sua propria versao do personagem e, ainda que nao chegue perto de se igualar ao original, consegue gerar boas risadas. 
bad A fun and animated return to film for one of cinema's favourite characters, and a treat for the generation that have never seen him before. 
very_bad When it comes to humor, this Pink is extremely pale. 
very_bad Martin's valiant performance, however hamstrung by Sellers' ghost, is mired in a silly, inane plot that keeps the movie firmly grounded. 
very_bad The film has an extremely high gag rate - it's just a shame that so few of them actually work. 
terrible As for Martin, no matter how many he times he stumbles, fumbles, burns his balls or mispronounces the word hamburger, he never gets close to making the Clouseau persona his own. 
bad This one will make you laugh early and often, and send you out of the theater in a cheerful mood. And, really, what more could you ask? 
terrible Animals, I imagine, have dreams with better narrative integrity. 
terrible One has to chalk up The Pink Panther to the good old traditions of Hollywood greed and chutzpah. Nothing this slapdash and badly executed is done for the love of movies. 
fair Martin is charming as Clouseau and, after all the bad buzz leading up to release, I think Sony is actually going to have a hit on their hands. 
bad Steve Martin was able to do what no one had done so far - follow in the footsteps of Peter Sellers. 
bad I am a huge fan of Steve Martin and did like him as Clouseau. The film didn't live up to expectations, but his likeability did. 
very_bad An uncomfortable attempt to tap into the essence of the classic Panther films while updating it for modern audiences who might not know Inspector Clouseau from Inspector Javert. 
bad It's more than a little sad to see Steve Martin -- a talent who himself is incomparable -- attempt to imitate the inimitable Peter Sellers. 
very_bad OK, I'm tired of being evasive about this so I'm just gong to own up to it: I never have been able to enjoy a "Pink Panther" movie. 
bad The pain-and-destruction humor won't tickle everyone as pink as the cartoon character but still provides some good escapist fare. 
bad Trying to fill some huge paw prints, Steve Martin won't make you forget Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau, but neither will he make you see red. 
bad Martin plays Clouseau as a cartoon. We always are aware of the distance between the actor and the character, whereas with Sellers, Clouseau was a part of him. 
bad it's sad to see [Martin] in a film that offers little other than stupid accents and broad pratfalls 
terrible Fails on so many levels that it's ... well, it's not funny. 
terrible Steve Martin humiliates himself in thie dreadful reincarnation of Inspector Jacques Clouseau. It's an acute embarrassment. 
good If you can divorce yourself from total allegiance to the original %u2013 or if you have no allegiance to the original - then this is an enjoyable movie with some real laughs courtesy of a modern day comic genius. 
terrible ...below average in every aspect except one: it -- like almost every other remake in recent memory -- is completely unnecessary. 
bad ...only manages to conjure up our nostalgic appreciation for the late and great Peter Sellers--this flaccid farce doesn't look pretty in Pink the millionth time around. 
fair While the flat site gags never quite disappear, they're offset by an equal number of bits that'll keep you in stitches. It's good (mostly clean) light fun. 
bad While it's not up to the Sellers ones from the '60s and '70s, like the Sellers-less Curse of and Son of, it definitely has its moments. 
bad Yet another sad milestone in the valley of Steve Martin's career. 
terrible Enough, already. It's time for an intervention. Steve Martin, you're no longer allowed to work with director Shawn Levy. 
very_bad A ninety-minute movie containing two or three big laughs, another two or three small ones, and eighty surrounding minutes of lazy, misguided, laughless tripe. 
terrible For those who recall Sellers and the role he made famous, 'travesty' seems to be the right descriptor. 
bad Through its admirably short 90-minute running time, The Pink Panther never made me laugh a single time, though Martin's clever wordplay yielded one or two chuckles. 
terrible The opening titles with Henry Mancini's wonderful theme played under them comprise the best of this film. Then the movie starts and the entertainment stops. 
very_bad Bland, unfunny and filled with crude sight gags that can't touch Sellers at his laziest. 
very_bad As if the curse of the Pink Panther wasn't dire enough, Martin's Clouseau is haunted by more than the ghost of Peter Sellers. He's also being trailed by the old Steve Martin. 
very_bad It's time to let the Inspector rest in peace. 
terrible If The Pink Panther has any value at all, it's in the way its failure demonstrates the delicate nature of comedy, and the skill of other comedies by contrast. 
very_bad By now, the panther has had a very long meow. 
bad With so much resting on Martin, Pink Panther falls prey to the great equalizer of all star-over-substance comedies: the 45-minute mark. 
good Surprisingly lively and hilarious. 
very_bad Brilliant Martin, an intellectual comic who started his career slumming in sophomoric slapstick, is entirely too uptight to be genius Sellers' greatest creation. 
fair The film has its stumbling points, but it offers a sufficient amount of laughter. 
bad You could wander into The Pink Panther for any 15-minute period, laugh a couple of times and leave without wondering for a moment how things will turn out. 
terrible Under his coat, the Panther must be pink with embarrassment. 
fair Martin does a good job stumbling into Sellers' shoes, and it's all funny enough, depending on your tolerance for slapstick and odd accents. 
terrible Martin (who also co-wrote the screenplay) is so uninspired and dull in this witless movie, he almost -- almost -- makes you long for Adam Sandler. 
bad Martin and Levy fail to convince us of Clouseau's belief in his own reality. We find ourselves watching Martin riffing on Sellers rather than a legitimate if ridiculous character. 
bad Whatever franchise value the Pink Panther name may possess, it might be time to put the Clouseau character to rest. 
bad Peter Sellers was Inspector Clouseau. Steve Martin is merely playing Clouseau. Big difference. 
fair Steve Martin is no Peter Sellers, but he still makes a winning Inspector Clouseau. 
terrible It is almost impossible to overstate how much we hated this movie. 
good it doesn't stink. Au contraire: It's good. Maybe not a masterwork, but good enough to redeem the series and its intrepid, mustachioed twit. 
bad The trouble is the movie has little to offer except Martin's set pieces, which feel off-the-cuff, and, even in the roughly one-in-four times they work, far too drawn out. 
bad The Pink Panther, while hardly the disaster it might have been, renders the love as labored as the pronunciation. 
bad To get any enjoyment out of The Pink Panther, you have to forget that Peter Sellers ever played Inspector Jacques Clouseau. 
fair It's not quite on the high comedic plane of 'Do you have a license for that moon-key?' But AM-bourg-airs will do. Just ask the kids. 
very_bad The writers and director Shawn Levy also misunderstand comic math: In their world, something that's funny once will be four times as funny if it's repeated over and over and over. Actually, the inverse is true. 
bad There's a fair amount of laughs and a breezy feeling of joie de silliness, even if the finished product isn't good enough to warrant an ongoing series. 
bad Well, at least Steve Martin's trying to be funny again. 
very_bad Painful...truly awful. 
terrible The Pink Painther is more like it. 
bad ... an hour and a half of an audio assault on your ears, as Steve Martin hams it up for all he's worth with the silliest accent in recent memory. 
bad Martin's innate verbal panache is the only asset that shows any reliability here. [Blu-ray] 
good ...a symptom of Clouseauian hubris. 
fair It doesn't quite work, particularly for those viewers who remember Sellers, in the same way no one but Sean Connery can ever 'really' be James Bond. 
terrible A movie clearly made for (and probably by) people of the retarded persuasion. If you enjoy it, odds are you're missing a chromosome. Or have an extra one, or something. 
terrible Martin, as we all know, has fine comic gifts, but he's doing a conscientious impersonation here. 
terrible I think I have laughed more at funerals, which is somewhat appropriate for this movie. The Pink Panther is a funeral for Steve Martin's dignity and soul. 
terrible If you think there's no possible way that anyone can actually stretch a leaky-fountain- pen-makes- shirt-messy joke for that long, well, dear reader, you are absolutely correct. 
good As in his early stand-up routines, we can feel superior to Steve Martin's immature, likable character while adoring him at the same time. 
terrible Steve Martin should have his SAG card revoked for even considering an attempt at filling Sellers' shoes 
good Even if you give Sellers the edge in facial expressions, Martin is his equal in mangled verbiage. 
bad Martin's Clouseau is as clumsy and hapless as his predecessor and probably more innocent. 
good The Pink Panther does justice to the old Blake Edwards/Peter Sellers crime comedies -- it's almost as good as the best of those films, far better than the worst -- but doesn't depend on viewers being familiar with them. 
terrible The Pink Panther doesn't mess around. It goes south in a hurry. 
fair We responded to Sellers' Clouseau because his foolishness and fakery echoed something deeply human as well as hilarious. We respond to Martin mostly because he's a funny guy in a silly mustache, cutting up and trying to make us laugh. 
terrible Alas, this joyless affair doesn't have a clou. 
very_bad Despite a witty performance by Steve Martin, much of The Pink Panther feels like trying on old clothes that no longer fit. 
very_bad At every moment in the movie, I was aware that Peter Sellers was Clouseau, and Steve Martin was not. I hadn't realized how thoroughly Sellers and Edwards had colonized my memory. 
fair Martin deserves another case as Inspector Clouseau -- and we deserve a better movie. 
fair Darned if it isn't pretty good. Martin is not as distinctive as Sellers, but not many people are watching those Sellers films these days and Martin knows the most important thing about this character: silliness. 
very_bad Cheaper by the Dozen may have affirmed Levy's credentials as a director of domestic comedy, but he seems clueless with this sort of banana-peel shtick. 
good To say that Steve Martin does justice to the `Pink Panther' film series is not to say that you should drop everything and run out to see Martin's `The Pink Panther.' 
bad Although it doesn't stand up to the originals, it's not half bad, thanks to a script that has moments of genuine wit. 
very_bad A leaden rehash that, finally materializing after repeated delays, is all too symptomatic of star Steve Martin's mushy recent choices. 
bad a mixed bag, but while the jokes misfire as often as they hit their target . . .when it works, it is very, very funny. 
bad Steve plays the character as a sort of weird mix between Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell. It's funny, but he's not exactly our beloved Inspector. 
good Questions of authenticity aside, Damon Russell evinces a shrewd understanding of how to juxtapose the handheld camera's finite sightline with the bursts of chaos that suddenly invade it. 
very_good It had been so long since a quality western had hit America's screens that it appears as if Eastwood purposely set out to remind audiences of all the elements that make the genre work. 
fair His saddle bag is a mixed one, though Pale Rider still has the touch of quality associated with latter-day Eastwood. [Blu-ray] 
bad ...who else would you want coming to your rescue than the Preacher Man With No Name? 
bad Not Clint's best western, but entertaining enough. 
good A severely underrated western, one of Eastwood's most stylish. 
bad Clint's return to westerns is just ok. 
good One of Eastwood's best oaters 
best [Eastwood] understands so well how he works on the screen that the movie has a resonance that probably was not even there in the screenplay. 
good Clint Eastwood stars as the mysterious stranger who arrives in a town and challenges the citizens to fight evil. 
best See it if you haven't. 
good Eastwood in fine form. 
good A powerful portrait of emotional endurance, propelled by the outstanding performances of Bassett and Fishburne, both of whom lend a crucial dimension to the gradual redundancies of Kate Lanier's otherwise insightful screenplay. 
good Their nuanced performances give a spectrum of emotional shadings to a black-and-white script that casts Tina as the Beauty to Ike's unreconstructed Beast. 
good [Fishburne's] performance is the one X factor in What's Love Got To Do With It, which in most respects is an entertaining if conventional pop star biography. 
bad Angela Bassett is a wonderfully sympathetic screen presence who may have a big career ahead of her. 
very_good Though the picture rightfully belongs to Bassett, a final word must be said about Fishburne, who never fails to make Ike seem human if not defensible. Even in defeat, he is remarkably compelling. 
good Basset genuinely holds your sympathy as the little country girl Anna Mae Bullock, singing and suffering her way to superstardom and personal liberation, [and] Fishburne is sensational. 
bad Brian Gibson, who directed the script by Kate Lanier, seems to have trouble taking charge of his material as he skips through the years. 
best A powerful, joyful, raw, energetically acted bio-pic detailing the joys and pain of the on- and offstage lives of blues rockers Ike and Tina Turner. 
very_good It's an astonishing movie, first because despite the pathology of the relationship, it's not only about victimization; it's a celebration of spirit, both religious and human, about a woman who finally found the guts (and the faith) to say "No more." 
good Fishburne and Bassett are both extraordinary, and though the story is inevitably slanted to Tina's perspective, Fishburne makes Ike a complex and compelling presence. 
good Powerful bio of Tina Turner with domestic violence, drugs. 
good This biography of rock diva Tina Turner's turbulent life is filled with energetic musical numbers and emotionally charged moments, all anchored by two outstanding lead performances. 
good Could have been a made for tv movie but elevated by the work of Bassett and Fishburne. 
good Depressing but also terrific. Bassett stuns. 
bad Angela Bassett, despite bearing little physical resemblance to the singer, is very convincing in her role. Her partner Laurence Fishburne is even more impressive... 
good A revealing musical melodrama that shakes as radically as soulful Tina Turner's sweet hips. Both Bassett and Fishburne deliver energetic, Oscar-worthy performances! 
good Incendiary performances by Fishburne and Bassett. 
good The perfect combination of stellar turns and sensational music 
good A celebrity biopic rendered with heartfelt respect; it never shies away from the ugliness in Turner's life, but neither does it exploit it for cheap emotional effect. 
good Both stars deserved their Oscar nominations for virtually carrying a picture that looks and sounds great, but is a little oversimplified dramatically. 
good Fishburne is excellent in a very unsympathetic role. Ike Turner could so easily have been portrayed as one-dimensional, but the talented Fishburne gives this frightened wife-beater some depth. 
very_good It's a story of pain and courage, uncommonly honest and unflinching, and the next time I hear Tina Turner singing I will listen to the song in a whole new way. 
good Powerful, troubling and ultimately inspiring. 
bad The movie makes us all want to stand up and cheer, "Shine on, Tina. Shine on." 
good You don't have to be a Tina Turner fan to appreciate this movie, but, regardless of your opinion of her music, What's Love Got To Do With It cannot fail to impart an impression of her courage and inner strength. 
good Entertaining, creepily resonant political comedy. 
fair Anyone who would be inherently interested in this kind of sendup is unlikely to be surprised by anything in this film -- overall it feels like a trifle, if an entertaining one. 
best Twisty and flat-out hilarious. 
best Feels tossed-off and casual in the best way. 
very_good I doubt it will age as well as Network, but it is close to that realm of brilliance. 
bad Beyond a couple of hilarious zingers, its impact feels smug and minor. 
good Brilliantly scripted and acted to the point where even Barry Levinson's typically uninspired direction doesn't matter. 
bad Very relevant not only for 1990s, but also for generations to come. 
bad ...Fun, but not very believable. 
very_good A hilarious, acerbic political satire of a kind rarely seen on American screens. 
very_bad O filme mostra um grupo de pessoas atuando para conseguir alcancar um objetivo sem que nenhuma barreira os impeca. E se nao ha conflito, qual e a motivacao do espectador? 
good Amusing as it is, Wag The Dog does what it purports to sat irize -- the bark is real but the teeth aren't. 
very_good makes the bold and cynical assertion that truth is completely unimportant--it's only what people believe to be true that matters 
best Veteran director Barry Levinson does a great job of keeping the energy level high. 
bad Very little humour in this script, despite a few moments of cheeky cleverness. 
best This film hits so close to home that it kind of scared me, making me realize that a lot of what I've heard about politics may be as fabricated as the lies these characters make up. 
fair With this cast, Dog could use a much bigger bite. 
fair There is one real problem that affects the whole movie, and it is the ending. 
good Funny? Very. Original? Nah. 
good Especially recommended for the politically astute among you, it's a solid and smart comedy. 
very_good A wickedly funny political satire, that, while consistently tickling your funny bone, rings astoundingly true. 
good The funniest and most refreshingly irreverent black comedy to hit the screen in a long time. 
very_good Hoffman, De Niro and Heche all seem to have fun with David Mamet's screenplay, as do supporting players Denis Leary, William H. Macy and Willie Nelson. 
best Absurd and convincing at the same time. 
very_good The movie is intelligent, but it's also a lot of fun. 
best A dazzling, thought-provoking entertainment which alternately tickles you and slaps you in the face. 
very_good Here's a delightfully screwball satire that's as enjoyable as your favorite ice cream on a hot summer day. Slick and smooth. 
very_good The most ingenious and wicked political satire since Dr. Strangelove. 
good Between the laughs, there are moments that ring so true they can raise goosebumps. 
good The story is good, the comedy is goofy but still solid. 
good Prepare to laugh yourself silly, and let's all pray that the film is less true than it seems to be. 
very_good One belly laugh after another. 
good As a cautionary tale, Wag the Dog may find itself somewhat in the position of preaching to the converted, but the pews will radiate with the sounds of laughter. 
best Wag the Dog nonetheless makes a perfect bookend piece for Network. 
good Swift, hilarious and impossible to resist. 
good A well-done portrait of a person who has to come to grips with the fact that love, while a many-splendoured thing, is also extremely unpredictable. 
bad Those looking for an earnest depiction (and one that doesn't wallow in the seemingly inherent 'leering' of similar films), it's probably worthy of a look. 
very_bad When compared to such incisive lesbian dramas as Lianna and Desert Hearts, Rozema's effort seems flat and banal. 
terrible It is so focused on its own boldness, its dare-to-shock sensuality (the film got an NC-17 from the MPAA, but is being released unrated), that nothing else comes through. 
bad Camille's motivation is a complete mystery to us. 
very_bad When Night is Falling has too many unintended laughs for its passion to be convincing. 
bad Symbols are supposed to be subtle, but Rozema is intent upon bludgeoning the audience with them. 
good Rozema is a fabulist with a strong visual sense, and she creates a distinctive, enclosed world to illustrate Camille's odyssey. 
bad A seductive, sensuous experience. 
best Howard Hawks's classic took the screwball cycle started by It Happened One Night to its dizzying, dazzling peak. 
best How sublime can movies get? 
best A perfect example of why directors (and even us brilliant professional critics) can often be completely in the dark about what works. 
best Classic screwball comedy stars Hepburn, Grant. 
bad Grant plays the timid Dr. David Huxley with the proper restraint and tics. 
good Grant e Hepburn estabelecem uma otima dinamica e revelam um impecavel timing comico, mas nem mesmo o ritmo invejavel da narrativa consegue ocultar o fato de que algumas de suas principais gags envelheceram mal. 
best One of those movies that seems to improve upon repeat viewings. 
good If Hawks had a real gift it was the ability of moving things along. 
very_bad There are many who make the argument that Bringing Up Baby is a forgotten treasure ... Don't believe a word of it. 
very_good Its purpose is only to delight, and it succeeds. 
best A textbook screwball comedy with lovably frantic chemistry between its Golden Age stars. 
bad classic screwball comedy 
best The gold standard of screwball comedy. 
good One of the great screwball comedies of all time; wonderful patter; delightful performances by Hepburn and Grant. A true timeless winner. 
best Splendid screwball farce: You can't help but love this teaming 
very_good Much like "Singin' In The Rain," "Bringing Up Baby" maintains a level of energy that is almost impossible to achieve. The story, the dialogue and the acting move so fast that one cannot help but get caught up in this 90-minute joke 
best The classic screwball, with the classic leads. Freddie Prinze Jr. has a lot to learn. 
bad Overrated classic comedy with good cast. 
best There were several great Screwball Comedies; this is (arguably) the best one. 
best The magic of Bringing Up Baby can hardly be confined to the period in which it was made. 
best Comedian Harold Lloyd called this the most perfectly constructed comedy he'd ever seen, and he was right. 
best A delightful piece of utter absurdity and one of director Hawks' most inspired lampoons of the battle between the sexes. 
good Most powerful for its subtle and shaded characterizations of both victim and victimizer. 
best Abordando o complexo tema com honestidade, inteligencia e humanidade, esta obra-prima repleta de atuacoes inesqueciveis e um atestado da capacidade do Cinema em servir nao so como retrato de nossa Historia, mas como profunda reflexao sobre a mesma. 
best Absorbing from beginning to end. 
good An eloquent snapshot of the way that the ground was shifting--in both the Nuremberg of 1948 and the Tinsel Town of 1961. 
good In the grand tradition of courtroom dramas, Nuremberg has the distinction of being probably the most "important" of them all - even if it's not the most blatantly entertaining 
fair Baffling. 
best Beginning with a...hymn to the...power of musical harmony, SMiLE is the definitive utopian view of the [US] as filtered through the...twilight of the Summer of Love. 
fair This film will not be to everyone's taste... but there is a haunting quality to Mocktar's story that rewards close attention. 
bad The occasional but abrupt shifts in Dicko's personality between nobility and immorality are disruptive and seemingly without catalyst - - the result of which suggests that in this case, subtlety should be sacrificed in favor of clarity. 
fair It's hard to know what fetishes/obsessions/issues are at work here, but they do yield interesting moviemaking. 
terrible After such a triumph with A Thousand Clouds of Peace (Mil Nubes de Paz Cercan el Cielo) the second installment in Julian Hernandez's apparent "Cielo" series is a sluggish disappointment. 
very_good [Director] Hernandez's approach makes all the difference, trusting the camera to reveal the ebb and flow of emotions that sweep over all three men. 
very_good Hernandez's exquisite romance works on an emotional, as well as intellectual, level. 
terrible I could have gone out for dinner, come back and missed little of importance. 
fair I suspect the film's frank, at times glorious rendering of queer sexuality will inspire more than a few closeted youths to brave life out in the open. 
bad Boy meets boy like youve never seen in Juli&#225;n Hern&#225;ndezs sex-drenched, extravagantly minimalist epic. 
bad It's a difficult balancing act between gang life and the sports film where inspiring moments can very easily become maudlin and wearing. Gridiron Gang slips and stumbles a bit in the second half but for the most part makes it across whole. 
very_bad Watchable, decently made drama with some strong performances, but the script is disappointing given the real-life story behind the film. 
bad What begins as a series of pleasant revelations and a deft example of genre defiance is nearly crippled by cliche in its second half, but The Rock's surprising dramatic magnetism will hold you until the final whistle. 
terrible It's unfortunate that what was undoubtedly an inspirational story could end up onscreen as such a been-there done-that hack job. 
very_bad ...the film's various problems [are] exacerbated by a ridiculously overlong running time (it's 125 minutes!) 
very_bad It's technically well-made, but lacks the writing or acting skills to make it work. 
fair Gridiron Gang is enjoyable enough, but it is also manipulative, melodramatic and pretty much interchangeable with the recent basketball film Coach Carter. 
bad Mostly the movie barrels toward you, stiff-armed. 
good But can The Rock pull off a dramatic role? Surprisingly, for the most part, the answer is yes, and the film is a success for it. 
bad Another 'true story' inspirational sports movie, and you pretty much know whether or not it's your brand of jockstrap from that fact alone. 
bad No sappy sports cliche or trite inspirational slogan is ignored. 
good The movie constantly teeters on becoming a filmed version of a Successories calendar. But The Rock's charismatic performance and Phil Joanou's sturdy direction yank hard against heart-tugging dialogue to pull the movie back with gravity and grit. 
very_good A touching and entertaining, well-acted star turn by The Rock. 
bad The film misses the chance to showcase these actors with a deeper exploration of their changing relationship. 
good ...no great shakes, but it's professionally realized and makes good use of the talent at hand. 
good Gridiron Gang isn't just distinctive, it's downright exceptional - the kind of film that not only sustains its genre, but sets a legitimate benchmark if not a high watermark for future entries to aspire to. 
fair Gridiron entertains and makes a powerful point about the faults inherent in the penal system, particularly for youths with hopes of rehabilitation. 
bad ... it's like a super-sized Afterschool Special with PG-13-rated bad language ... 
very_bad While grittier on the surface, Phil Joanou's allegedly 'true story' inspired Gridiron Gang is as soft and safe in its centre as any of the two dozen or so inspirational pigskin operas that have been released in the past two years. 
fair Many of the young actors are also quite good in a large ensemble that doesn't become the jumbled mess it could have. 
good ... nearly as bleak as it is uplifting. 
good ... the former footballer and pro wrestler Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is just the rock on which to securely build a football inspiration movie like Gridiron Gang. 
bad We are drawn into Gridiron Gang to the degree that we come to recognize team members and generally appreciate their struggles toward self-respect and responsibility. 
bad The film's few, scattered moments of honest grit and pathos are nearly drowned out by composer Trevor Rabin's incessantly syrupy score, which sounds calculated for maximum emotional uplift, just like almost everything else about Gridiron Gang. 
fair Great message, so-so movie. 
very_bad ... an extremely inefficient film, wasting time -- the movie's and ours. 
bad ... nearly every time it has the chance to make a play -- it fumbles. 
very_bad ... the movie's good intentions are consistently undermined by its simplistic notion of redemption, and its inspirational thrust is diluted by an epilogue that suggests the program still has a ways to go in the life-altering department. 
bad Some movies present their whole story in a two-minute trailer, but Gridiron Gang says it all in its poster ... 
bad The Rock commits himself admirably to this trite tale, but by the end, even his enormous shoulders buckle under the weight of so many cliches. 
bad ... you wouldn't say Gridiron Gang is a touchdown, but it's not a fumble either. 
fair [Screenwriter Jeff Maguire] reduces practically every scene to an oversimplified emoticon. 
fair Gridiron Gang is effective, thanks to Phil Joanou's confident direction and the mountain of charisma that is Dwayne 'the Rock' Johnson. 
fair This lazy and episodic tacking (pep talk, game, pep talk, game) aggravated me because it sabotages the film's social relevance and honest-to-goodness cinematic uplift. 
bad If you like your sports movies, especially your football movies, larded with more cliches than a politician's stump speech, Gridiron Gang begs to be seen. 
bad Had Gridiron Gang dared to challenge its audience with a larger dose of reality, it might have broken the field and become something memorable and meaningful. 
fair ... this inspirational material is appealing ... 
bad As sports movies go, Gridiron Gang isn't bad, just not top-line material. 
fair Though it doesn't really teach us anything new, Gridiron Gang -- mainly due to the powerful screen presence of Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson -- is mildly entertaining and, at times, somewhat compelling. 
good Scores big time! It's the real thing. Loaded with action-to-the-max in the streets and on the field. 
bad Anyone still doubting Johnson's chops as an actor ought to simply dismiss such doubts now -- he's the single most effective thing about the movie ... 
good ... despite the shameless cutting and pasting, it's hard to argue with the movie's intentions. 
fair Jeff Maguire's script turns out to be simultaneously riddled with cliches and (as the documentary footage over the closing credits shows) generally faithful to events. 
good The Rock no longer exists. Dwayne Johnson has finally shed the identity that turned him into a wrestling legend and earned the right to go by his real name. 
fair Joanou rushes through the material, attempting to do justice to too many characters and juggle too many subplots to really explore any of them. 
very_good Proof that good storytelling can change perception and make us appreciate a group of youngsters we'd just as soon throw away more than a blue collar guy who gets his shot with the Philadelphia Eagles. 
good The film doesn't try to be politically correct, and it points fingers where they should be pointed. 
fair it's the Bill Paxton of movies, good enough to be respected and liked, but not great enough to make you think everyone involved deserves an Oscar 
bad Wanna know why sports movies are criticized for being too cliche? Because sports, as a whole, are too cliche. 
bad The Rock ... performs so many corny inspirational speeches that his mouth might as well transform into a triumphant horn. 
very_bad Imagine a movie comprised of inspirational cliches and absolutely nothing else. 
good ... if there was ever a role that The Rock was born to play, he's found it here 
fair Despite its good intentions, Gridiron Gang is full of cliches, but at least they're captivating cliches. 
fair More honest and substantive than the average mainstream sports flick. Not necessarily more original, but certainly more worth the viewer's while. 
good Paint-by-numbers storytelling aside, Gridiron Gang is a fine movie. 
bad ... amid the dead-on straightforward presentation and the gaggingly earnest emotions, Gridiron Gang is worth cheering for sometimes. 
good The film is energetic and technically polished, with flashes of humor ... 
bad The film has nowhere near as many well-developed characters as it has street, prison yard and on-field brawls. 
bad Johnson gives the part his authoritative all, but he doesn't have the depth of ability to elevate a sappy script that regularly calls for up-choking. 
fair "Gridiron Gang" is all formula, but it's tough to blame the film for sticking with a game plan that works. 
fair turns out to be quite enjoyable, even if it's not all that good 
bad Were it not already taken, Angels with Dirty Faces might have been an apt alternative title for this TRUE STORY. 
bad A corny and unbelievable 'based on a true story' drama with a canned Trevor Rabin score that could have been programmed in by computer. 
good Johnson leaps is into the ranks of legitimate actors. He's got depth, he's got some range, and he's got the heart and sincerity to make them both work 
good Cue the violins. Gridiron Gang, an unabashedly sentimental but endearing true story, turns out to be a real winner. 
very_bad What was The Rock thinking? Stop coaching and start doing. Give the man something to hit. 
very_good Jennifer Jason Leigh's performance as the sister who lives for her turn in the spotlight electrifies this look at two very different siblings. 
good A raw, heartfelt, sometimes painful showcase for Jennifer Jason Leigh's undeniable talent. 
bad not always on the mark, but certainly challenging 
very_good Georgia is not a simply plotted movie about descent and recovery, but a complex, deeply knowledgeable story about how alcoholism and mental illness really are family diseases. 
very_good A painful though sadly humorous portrait of sisterhood deftly written by Leigh's mom, Barbara Turner, and directed with just-right spareness by Ula Grosbard. 
good Leigh's performance is riveting. 
very_bad Unless you're just dying to hear Velvet Underground tunes played (badly) at bar mitzvahs, I'd recommend keeping this Georgia off your mind. 
bad Alien Outpost pales in comparison to District 9. It probably would have worked better as a short. 
terrible A sci-fi actioner with the production values of your average porno, "Alien Outpost" spews cliches like a machine gun set on maximum triteness. 
very_bad The film's generic mythology, the part that doesn't cost anything, is what really could have used some punching-up. 
bad Alien Outpost delivers aliens, outposts, and a surprisingly more in-tune action watch than expected. 
very_bad The film splits its time evenly between half-heartedly pretending it's an allegory for our current war on terror and pretending that it's not. 
best This is the purpose of the picture, to make one suffer and sympathize with them. Kurosawa's darkly imagistic technique achieves this depressing aim. 
bad For the first hour and fifteen minutes of the movie, we make only limited excursions out of the tenement, and it begins to feel as though we've moved in ourselves. Kurosawa may have intended this, but it doesn't make for very satisfying viewing. 
very_good Director/co-writer (along with Joel Rasmussen) wisely lets the artists and former managers (interviews with the leaders of the money-machine corporations are noticeably absent) do the talking in his first-rate essay on the current state of pop music in 
bad The music industry kicks itself in the butt and vows to go straight as the founding fathers and mothers of rock decry the greed and falsehood that has suddenly crept into pop music. 
terrible There's not a single argument here that's presented well. 
very_good Finally and at long last comes a documentary that asks the question "Why does modern music SUCK SO MUCH?" 
bad I'd have preferred Laperrousaz to give more information about the music's history. And fans will probably find the film's performance clips annoyingly short. 
very_bad Shapeless in form but with the characters and talent on display, this is hardly important. 
bad Diffuse, but worthwhile. 
very_bad Some great performances and a raw taste of life on the streets of Jamaica, but too ragged and rambling to explain why this music matters. 
bad Unselfconsciously celebratory about a culture teeming with energy and semi-absorbed influences. 
very_bad I found it hard to warm to this overlong documentary about new trends in reggae, perhaps because of the sense that all the less savoury aspects of that culture were being softballed. 
bad The haphazard structure chafes against its gritty aspirations. 
fair In a move that will either see it written off as lazy or celebrated for its admirable neutrality, Made in Jamaica doesn't provide a straight answer. 
fair The biggest flaw here is that, despite its excellent music and infectious energy, Lapperrousaz's documentary feels as though it is constantly skating across the top of much bigger issues that you wish he'd investigate. 
bad The consistently stellar appearances by everyone from Bunny Wailer to Bounty Killer give Laperousaz's movie the same restless and sometimes reckless vitality that has always energized Jamaican music. 
good A worthy look at a music born though turmoil with a vision that still resonates globally. 
bad Made in Jamaica has some charming interludes. 
bad An affectionate if largely unsatisfying exploration of the musical genre's evolution. 
bad Tearjerker about a brave girl and the horse she loves. 
good as much fun as your average Zatoichi flick, with plenty of humor and sword slashing and guys standing as still as statues before falling over dead 
terrible The first rule of a sequel should be: Do NOT destroy the happy ending of the previous film. 
terrible Manages to lack ALL the surprising creativity of the original. It's actually very, very terrible. 
very_good Reiser has given us a film that makes us laugh while contemplating the ways we understand and misunderstand those we love. 
fair Moderately appealing. 
bad The film is a little saccharine and never as moving as Reiser expected. I know Reiser loves his father, but I didn't need to pay to be told it. 
fair The truth about this sweet, rather shambling little movie is somewhere between the gush and the criticism. 
good It's a slow enjoyable ride where you aren't asking "are we there yet?" all the way through it. 
best Before I saw this film, only one movie, Field of Dreams, had ever made me cry. Now there are two. 
bad A lot of the humor is forced and unfunny. 
fair [Falk turns] a stereotyped curmudgeon into a warm and winning character and the only reason to watch. 
good Reiser, a famous face from the long-running TV series Mad About You, here proves himself to be a skilful writer and actor for the big screen. 
very_bad A straight-up case of really bad filmmaking, all mangled punchlines and sitcom setups and all of it too long in the telling. 
fair Two men of very different generations coming to understand and appreciate each other makes for some fine moments. And that's just the actors. 
fair Director Raymond De Felitta's clinical visual treatment renders the tone too cold. 
terrible If you've ever wondered what it would feel like to be trapped in a '36 Ford convertible for 47 years with a Yiddish theater version of Dr. Phil and the runaway bride, this is the movie for you. 
fair This passable dramedy plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm with fart jokes. 
bad If you're of a certain ethnic persuasion, this is a film for you! 
bad It has all the bland, emotional heft of a Hallmark card. 
bad Ultimately more cloying than poignant. 
very_bad If you thought Mad About You was cloying and gaggingly cute, this could give you the dry heaves. 
very_bad About as entertaining as the yearly family argument, without any of the holiday turkey to make it worthwhile. 
bad If you leave The Thing About My Folks thinking about your own folks, consider the movie a success. 
bad Reiser and Falk never stop yammering at each other, not when they're line-dancing, not when they're watching a baseball game, not when they should be trying to counter-steer their way out of the car accident they're in the midst of. 
bad Reiser's meandering story could have used a more strongly cohesive presentation, and the dialogue could have been a lot sharper. 
good Reiser wrote the script specifically for Falk and himself, so it's not surprising that the actors bond with their characters. And that makes it easy for the viewers to bond with them. 
bad Even Columbo couldn't solve the mystery of why it doesn't work to mix Sweet with a capital 'S' and flatulence. 
fair The thing about Paul Reiser is, just when you think you can't stand another lame, vulgar, obvious scene he's written, he blindsides you with some real insight or character truth. 
fair As it is, it's shamelessly manipulative shtick brightened by sharply drawn supporting performances. 
very_bad The Thing About My Folks is Paul Reiser's return to playing Paul Reiser. 
fair The movie belongs entirely to Falk's memorable Sam. 
bad A talky therapy session of a comedy. 
bad Despite some amusing and touching scenes, it is a bit too sitcom-like for its own good. 
terrible Flat and forgettable, it's a tiresome film barely held together by its plinky piano score, sophomoric flatulence jokes, and cloying greeting-card emotions. 
bad ...not nearly enough of the film finds the proper balance between slapstick and sap. 
fair While I resisted much of it, by its finale I was grateful for the trip, and even more grateful to Reiser, who enabled Falk and Dukakis to give the performances of their careers. 
very_good brings out the best in Falk and Reiser, especially Falk, who could be looking at another Academy Award nomination 
very_bad The real problem with this Paul Reiser project is Reiser himself, who displays little talent for anchoring a feature film 
bad While stocked with simple, earnest observations on love, relationships and family, the film's haphazard plotting and often discordant tone keep it from being anything more than an episodic collection of sentimental aphorisms. 
good The Thing About My Folks is a crowd-pleasing, tear-tugging film about relationships that should have wide appeal and widespread resonance. 
very_bad This movie won't dent anyone's career. It's too 'eh' for that. 
fair I can't recommend the movie, but I can be grateful that I saw it, for Falk. 
terrible Like Peter Falk's trifecta of farts, the movie stinks. 
bad Enough magnificence! Is this the third or fourth sequel? 
very_bad Mergulha nas velhas perseguicoes de sempre, sendo ainda mais prejudicado pelos dialogos pavorosamente ruins. 
bad A fine attempt, and fine entertainment, but not one for the ages. 
very_bad Unfortunately, the 12A rating means that the film lacks the two most essential ingredients for a teen horror flick: sex and gore. 
very_bad Aside from leading lady Lindy Booth and a directorial style that screams for a smarter screenplay, there's very little here that'll thrill the horror hounds and/or the gore gourmets. 
terrible Nothing about the plot has any real spark, besides the gimmicky set-up. 
bad ...ultimately unsatisfactory... 
fair If you want something that asks you to think along with it to keep up with the characters and plot, Cry_Wolf's a good place to be. 
good Here's a little movie that should have thriller aficionados licking their chops. 
terrible You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch. 
terrible Rumors of the slasher genre's death have not been greatly exaggerated, if this Chrysler Million Dollar Film Contest winner is any indication. 
terrible another case of a modern thriller where we are expected to accept too many silly things 
terrible I don't mind that the plotting is as transparent as a roomful of Saran Wrap. what I object to is that this movie is terminally, sleep-inducingly boring. 
fair A cut above the rest. 
fair Not only is it kind-of-sort-of-almost good, but it's also arguably the best horror movie in theaters right now -- thanks to a decent script with a couple of great twists. 
good The movie consistently keeps us guessing, right up to its twisty, satisfying finish. 
good A clever teen thriller with intricate plotting, deft characterizations, sharp ensemble performances and a darkly ironic twist at the end. 
very_bad In this adolescent horror flick, the first-time screenwriters Jeff Wadlow and Beau Bauman prove more adept at staging mind games than creating chills for the audience. 
bad Wadlow and cowriter Beau Bauman start with a clever conceit, but Wadlow's gimmicky direction runs it right into the ground. 
very_bad The best that you can probably say about it is that it isn't as bad as you expected. 
good A stylish, frequently charming throwback to a time when horror films were essentially psychological thrillers with a higher body count. 
bad The bulk of the low budget must have gone to funding the sheep's clothing. 
very_bad Une version un peu plus intelligente du slasher movie habituel, ce qui n'en fait pas plus un film intressant. 
very_bad The inevitable detour into tedious and-then-there-were-none territory is all the more dispiriting in light of some of the intriguingly undeveloped ideas. 
terrible The current state of the American horror genre is, sadly, in a current state of horror. 
bad Around here Daybreakers' clever streak runs out and the previously witty, refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else. 
bad That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there isn't enough of it should tell you enough: watching it provides short-term entertainment, but like those voracious bloodsuckers, it'll just leave you wanting more. 
fair It's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs. 
good While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today. 
fair The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire cliches and novelties. 
fair A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions, Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed. 
terrible Squandered potential at its most obvious. 
fair Once the world is set up, the follow-through comes up short. 
good Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke (as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency) and Willem Dafoe (as Elvis, a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant). 
fair Malo je %u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers %u0161a%u0161avo zabavna, a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi%u0161ljanja 
fair There is a lot of non-sparkly going on, if you know what I mean. 
bad Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another, albeit entertaining, action movie. 
bad Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE, in a genre that has been sucked dry, and still make something watchable. It's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made, but it's the best one of 2010. 
good Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires, the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times. 
good Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk. 
bad Daybreakers is highly inventive, containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology, vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world. 
bad The special effects look cheap; and while the premise, with its "we're drinking the blood of the earth!" subtext is interesting, the characters just aren't. 
bad More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs' vampire venture, even if it falls short of greatness. 
good Yes, Daybreakers is another vampire film, but don't hold it against it. This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about... 
very_bad A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that doesn't go anywhere special. 
good With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis. (Coincidentally, the film opened on what would have been Presley's 75th birthday.) 
bad A fun if forgettable romp, with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots. Which is enough. Just. 
bad So over the top you can't help but like at least some of it, 'Daybreakers' is pulsing with gore, mayhem and dark humor 
good Now this is a vampire movie. 
good Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while. 
good A pretty ambitious movie that's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions. When it doesn't, the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining. 
bad An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that isn't romanticized - a la 'Twilight' -but is full of gore. 
bad les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur creatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupconner apres un exercice aussi bacle qu'Undead 
bad Makes little sense, but earns points for the operatic, slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me. 
fair Give it an A for effort, C for execution. As cool/creepy as it seems, Daybreakers just doesn't quite measure up to its potential. 
good The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world, part Blade Runner, part Gattaca, part Blade. 
fair After taking such pains to establish a dying world, it's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off. 
fair Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun. 
good Yeah, its another vampire film, but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst. 
bad Surrounded by cannibalistic gore, Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood...call it 'From Here to Vampurity'. 
good A thinking person's vampire flick with deliciously gory action, an underlying social message, lean direction, and best of all, no obnoxious product placement or pop music. 
good Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe, the movie, which was shot more than two years ago, is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy 
fair A slick, bloody, fast-paced, and ultimately enjoyable B-movie. 
fair For the lowbrow, the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg's Scanners. No one dies quietly; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera. 
good A suspenseful, visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that's simultaneously entertaining and provocative. 
fair Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers, Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at. 
good Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding; it's fright-lite, yet that's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days. 
fair The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time. 
bad The narrative may flag, but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddlea(TM)s production design remain vivid until the final, blood-splattered reel. 
very_bad Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world couldn't save what, for me, was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick. 
good That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January's movie releases. 
good Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world. Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin, not half-and-half. Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs. And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory. 
fair One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time. Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners. 
bad This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity. While it plays everything dead straight, it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre. 
bad An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence, sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers. 
very_bad The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel, or possibly a franchise, that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray. 
very_bad The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out, "Stop! We forgot to blow stuff up! Get the blood!" 
bad The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design, but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third. Still very watchable, though. 
fair Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue. 
very_bad It's a shame Australia's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report, without the production flair. 
fair A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear. 
bad Daybreakers isn't exactly good or bad, and that is the problem. The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity. It could have been about something. It's not. 
bad Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and, in its exciting finale, an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic. 
good A polished, intelligent, well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale. Fangtastic. 
very_bad Iffy plotting, squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror? - leave the film, like its protagonist, torn between two extremes. 
bad With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes, smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos (sun-proofed cars and video mirrors), inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss, this is an engagingly skilful blend. 
bad Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction, melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext. 
very_bad In the end, Daybreakers doesn't really want to make anyone think too hard. If that were to happen, they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives don't just become garlic farmers and call it a day. 
very_good Daybreakers has substance and smarts, plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy. 
bad Despite the Spierig brothers' punchy visual style and satiric tone, Daybreakers eventually devolves, though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism. 
bad Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill. 
fair It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves. But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends? 
bad Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months. 
fair Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody's business. But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff. You know who you are. 
bad Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies, the combination makes them seem fresh. 
bad The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood. Unless you're someone in the film Daybreakers. Then you're carrying closer to 47 gallons, 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall. 
bad It can't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler's product placement appears. 
good It's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff. 
bad the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs' film 
good Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities, the film unifies all the usual tropes (bloodlust, heliophobia, fangs) into a complete science fiction whole. 
very_bad It sounds so very good and yet, in the hands of the Spierig Brothers, it has all the life of a vampire's (non)heartbeat 
good Peter and Michael Spierig's earlier, campier horror outing, the zombie picture known as Undead, was even bloodier than this one. The movie-makers are after bigger game here, and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film. 
bad A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans. 
bad It's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun. In fact, one wishes it were sillier still. 
very_bad This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric 'Children of Men', but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick. 
fair Although it falls apart as a thriller, Michael and Peter Spierig's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare. 
fair This intriguing premise, alas, ends as so many movies do these days, with fierce fights and bloodshed. Inevitably, the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we've met, and a lot of extras with machineguns. 
good I'm as surprised as anyone, but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it. 
fair Daybreakers isn't a great film, but it's a good one, and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales, it's an original. 
very_bad Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld, True Blood to The Vampire Diaries, this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand. 
bad There's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers, where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone's now a bloodsucker, but it doesn't quite make for a fascinating film. 
bad The Spierigs' latest doesn't do much to carve out a unique identity. 
bad A clever twist on the vampire legend, delivers what genre fans crave and more. 
very_good Ambitious, smart and unique, the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more. 
good Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip. 
good A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie, packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences. Confidently crafted and legitimately clever. 
good "Horror fans should be looking forward to this one." 
fair While it's far from perfect, Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie. Loaded with talents actors, beautiful camerawork (a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this) and buckets of blood, I can't recommend this enough. 
good ...an exciting (albeit slightly uneven) addition to the vampire-movie canon. 
fair ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work. 
good A valentine from one director to a famous team of others. 
fair Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it. 
bad It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!). 
terrible full review at Movies for the Masses 
very_bad There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this? 
bad An interesting interpretation but stick with the original. 
very_bad A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes. 
good Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP. 
bad A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches. 
very_bad Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters. 
bad A whimsical but fizzled experiment. 
bad Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story. 
bad What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle. 
very_bad The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material. 
terrible It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess. 
terrible It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions. 
good It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that. 
bad Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona. 
terrible The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip. 
bad There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film. 
bad The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation. 
terrible Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy. 
good The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness. 
good For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust. 
fair Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick. 
bad There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere. 
bad A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love. 
bad Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself. 
fair The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations. 
bad That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure. 
fair Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism. 
very_bad Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing. 
bad A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration. 
good So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies! 
fair When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet? 
very_bad This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors. 
bad Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch. 
good Disco: Spinning the Sound is...a wonderful primer on the music that defined the 70s. 
bad Reminisces, recriminations, rehashed old wounds, confessions, fall outs, reconciliation, and even a sing-along to a golden oldie. It's impossible not to think of this as a Cuban Big Chill. 
terrible Here's all you need to know about The Enemy: the 'action hero' is played by Luke Perry. That's right: Luke. Perry. 
good Einstein works as both fascinating biography and entertaining education. 
very_good While made on a modest budget, this slick, satisfying action drama more than stands up to a number of similar big-studio efforts. 
bad Biopic more about turbulent relationship than art. 
good Overall, this is a solid, distinctive and sometimes exquisitely inspired thriller-and-beyond. 
very_good It's a wicked, violent parable, and one of the only movies of the summer worth talking about after the credits roll. 
good It's literally a hell of a ride -- Brazil meets Murder on the Orient Express. 
good I enjoyed every bonkers, goofy, cartoonish, creative moment of Snowpiercer. 
very_bad Fueled by implausibility, and for a good portion of the ride much better for it, Bong-Joon Ho's Snowpiercer posits a nonstop, Earth-encircling train containing the microcosmic survivors of a society killed off by a global warming-induced deep freeze. 
good The setup may be high-concept times a thousand, but the obviousness of the symbolism is so inextricably interwoven with the forward momentum of the plot and so well complemented by Joon-ho's comic-book style and sick humor, you can't help but buy in. 
very_good Snowpiercer's ultimate victory is how palatable it makes its unbelievably weird material. 
very_good In a world full of Divergents and Hunger Games and 2012s, Snowpiercer not only has the confidence to ask difficult questions -- it also has the courage make the viewer answer them for his or herself. 
very_good This is a dark, but deeply beautiful movie, punctuated by edge-of-your-seat thrills and unexpected laughs. 
very_good This is powerful stuff, and all the more so for its straightforwardness. 
good A refreshingly smart thriller, its geopolitical savvy mingled with a wholly unique look, Snowpiercer is quite the dystopian choo-choo. 
bad ...a bloody, limb-severing action film with a bitterly malevolent view of the species. 
very_good There's a righteous savagery to this movie that's almost but not quite obscured by the lushness of its imagined world. 
very_good As it circumnavigates the frozen globe of the climatic post-apocalypse, 'Snowpiercer' sometimes seems loaded with more allegorical freight than even a futuristic bullet train can carry. Yet it remains one of the year's more impressive films. 
good Snowpiercer wears its inspirations on its sleeve, but the cumulative effect of it all results in something truly unique. It may not be The Host, but it is something I've never seen before, and that is a treat in itself. 
good An environmental, post-apocalyptic, revolutionary-uprising sci-fi action movie on a train. Sub-genres don't come much more specific than Snowpiercer. 
good It is the most frigid movie to come along since Dr. Zhivago. 
best A mastery of form and commentary. 
very_good a taut social allegory about class and power cleverly packaged as an exhilarating action thriller 
fair Although it is based on the French graphic novel Le Transperceneige ... Snowpiercer is the best video game movie ever made. 
fair It's very much part of a cinematic tradition: heir to the hermetically enclosed, purpose-built steampunk dystopias devised by Terry Gilliam and Guillermo del Toro and Caro & Jeunet. 
bad Loftily pretentious, though curiously amusing arthouse action movie. 
good The world has ended in film after film in recent years, but rarely has the aftermath been such impressive viewing. 
bad Often inspired, sometimes lethargic adaption of a French graphic novel, funded mainly by the Korean government and starring a panoply of British thespians and [Captain America himself]. An awesome 90 minute movie lurks within these very bloated 126. 
good Snowpiercer alternates between sudden violence, high camp, and heavy-handed political allegory with breakneck speed, and even when its disjoined plot mechanics seem a little too convenient, it's brimming with new cinematic technique. 
good At the dramatic center of SNOWPIERCER is this metaphorical concept of balance. We're taken on a journey to the front of a futuristic train, learning about an ecosystem that travels roughly over icy tracks. It's a ride worth taking. 
very_good The undisputed star of the show... is Korean director Boon Jong-Ho. Rarely does a vision so ambitious and raw hit the screen with such clarity and force. 
fair No question I would recommend it and people have got to see it on the big screen. 
good This is a beautifully made science fiction allegory about the perversions and arrogance of power. 
very_good It's so hard to describe how amazing Snowpiercer is without giving away everything that makes it amazing. 
good A confronting think piece wrapped in a bizarre and bloody thrill ride. 
good The absolutely watchable vibe comes to an almost dead stop as the movie enters its anti-climactic third act... 
very_bad One of the biggest problems is the train setting. We're supposed to be in constant motion, but half the shots are entirely still. 
very_good You couldn't ask for a better metaphor for hell on Earth than what Bong Joon-ho has wrought with Snowpiercer: constant forward momentum while getting absolutely nowhere, suffering all the while. 
very_good Snowpiercer features uneven performances, but gets great mileage from its set design, the sheer audacity of the premise, and the appearance of one of those movie villains who seem able to take lethal punishment without actually dying. 
good Snowpiercer feels both heightened and grounded, allegorical yet familiar, able to be experienced. The confined space in no way inhibits tension or excitement, or a sense of forward momentum. It's a film not to be missed. 
very_good Suddenly zombies, nukes or a global pandemic don't seem nearly as devastating as a train ride to nowhere. 
very_good A movie-movie, with edgy cred and a vivid dystopian vision that, while ostensibly futuristic, speaks harshly to the class divide already defining us. 
very_good Every moment of genius and every half-formed lump alike make this one of the completely essential films of the year. 
very_good It emerges from a place of fearsome ambition, dressed in the skin of a zealous summer blockbuster but equipped with a brain that far exceeds the standards of its classification. 
best Snowpiercer hits the sweet spot of working as entertainment while still having enough brains to keep you intellectually engaged. It's a movie for people who love movies that play by their own rules. 
very_good A film full of both wonders and horrors, rendered beautifully and hugely. 
very_good ...the film becomes a horrifying, social commentary that bites close to the bone. 
best In a word, 'Wow!' Bong Joon-ho's Snowpiercer, is near the very top of 2014&#8242;s "Best of" list -- at least so far, and I can't imagine it slipping out of the top five. 
very_good The element of surprise is the most effective weapon in Joon-ho's directorial arsenal. 
very_good One of the few surprises of the Summer and one that deserves a much wider audience. 
very_good Utterly surreal and completely mental. 
very_good The future is miserably dystopian as usual in this apocalyptic sci-fi thriller, but at least it's thoughtful, stylishly crafted, high-speed misery that keeps on hurtling relentlessly forward -- even though there's nowhere to go. 
best Within the space of a 60-foot-by-9-foot train car, "Snowpiercer" packs in more action, inventiveness, energy and ideas than most summer blockbusters that have whole galaxies at their disposal. 
very_good ...has about it a gorgeous incoherency that overwhelms any logical objections to its absurd premise. 
very_good It pummels forward like the train on which the action is set, and you don't particularly want to reach the end. 
good An object of blunt force and breath-catching beauty, Snowpiercer plays what-if with a familiar doomsday scenario: What if Noah's ark never found dry land again? 
best It's a bleak, shocker of a movie, but one laced with just enough black humor to make the harsher parts even bleaker. 
very_good Besides the impressive visuals, the film makes relatively solid use of its impressive cast. 
terrible Snowpiercer is Throw Momma and the Kitchen Sink off the train. 
good If you can buy the premise of this Bong Joon-ho graphic novel adaptation, you're in for a good ride. 
fair The Taking of Swinton One Two Three. 
good Exciting, edge-of-your-seat action thriller - a wild ride that's one of the best of the year, so far. 
bad It's a dumb idea on its surface, and as we get deeper and deeper into the concept, at no point does the screenplay ... make us believe it is anything more than that. 
best "Snowpiercer" delivers tension, and surprises in ways that belie the conventional wisdom that blockbuster action movies must be brainless, soulless enterprises. 
fair The political message of Snowpiercer is delivered without much finesse, but Bong succeeds in other ways. 
very_good Bong's top priority is to deliver a meaty, satisfying action adventure, and he succeeds there like the world-class filmmaker he is. 
very_good In the thick of summer, while Hollywood is busy cranking out cookie-cutter superhero movies and giant robot sequels, along comes Snowpiercer to show everyone how it's done. 
very_good The concept of Snowpiercer isn't entirely unique as it does feel familiar, but its enthralling presentation surrounds the film with fascinating characters and exquisite performances. 
very_good A rococo exercise in mayhem, boldfaced allegory and ramped-up chaos. It's a summer movie with a social conscience. 
very_good Although there is plenty to think about here, it's best not to overthink it. Just hang on and enjoy the ride. 
very_good "Snowpiercer" is a rich, ravishing experience, a motion picture dripping in social consciousness and thematic intricacy without becoming preachy or losing sight of its other purpose as a rousing, robust entertainment. 
good "Snowpiercer" is a welcome curiosity in a season of formula-driven, copycat genre films. 
fair The dystopian world he envisions is incredibly immersive and extremely thrilling....but maybe some of those edits should have been kept in. 
very_good A formidable, if perversely overlong epic, Snowpiercer is a dystopian moral parable about survivors of a second ice age that wipes out virtually all humanity. 
bad The production design is sharp and unique, though the movie itself is not without its flaws. 
good In different hands, Snowpiercer might have been just another generic action movie. Yet with South Korean director Bong Joon-ho at the helm, it's instead something more off-kilter and more disturbingly satisfying. 
fair Subtlety may not be the film's strong suit, but it creates a richly imagined world, as glitteringly arresting as it is savagely merciless. 
very_good "Snowpiercer" is a full-throttle science fiction adventure and a resonant modern myth. 
very_good Thrilling, visceral sci-fi action pic with a sharp satiric bite 
very_good A unique vision, strong execution (in action, wit, and humor) as well as compelling characters culminate in one of the year's best dark horse hits. 
good SNOWPIERCER is a big film with a large cast, but Bong brilliantly juggles fights, characters, and ideas -- including a savvy use of food -- and fits it all succinctly within his amazing visual design and scope. 
good From a dramatic standpoint, the film is equally effective in the way that it includes the expected pulpy thrills and weirdo humor but also some unexpectedly affecting dramatic moments. 
good For the longest time "Snowpiercer" rushes forward, like the bullet train itself - sleek and swift and unstoppable. And it takes us along for the ride. 
very_good Snowpiercer is a rare hybrid that perfectly blends the dazzle of a futuristic action thriller with the intellectual substance of an art film. 
good The train, and the picture, barrel along to an apocalyptic climax that will leave you shaken and chilled. 
good This is a terrific, dark dystopian nightmare mixed with flashes of Terry Gilliam-esque absurdity and the filmmaker's own fractured frame of reference. 
good This is exactly the sort of ambitious, audacious, and uncompromising filmmaking that deserves to be seen. 
very_good Snowpiercer is everything Transformers: Age of Extinction wishes it could be: a slambam sci-fi thriller with a brain, a heart and an artful sense of purpose. 
good [Bong Joon-ho] lays out class sideways, one section at a time, so that by the time you get to the people lounging in Jacuzzis or clubbing, it's impossible to avoid outrage. 
good It's a film that, in its own peculiar way, forces viewers to question their values and ask themselves how much they're willing to sacrifice for a functioning society, and how much is too much. 
good By the time "Snowpiercer" closes we've been guided through an exhilarating, videogame-fighting infographic of the post-globalization world ecosystem: climate change, child labor and population control. And it's fun, too! 
bad The nihilism would be cooler if it felt like more was at stake. But if you settle in, it's one wild ride. 
very_good Don't miss it - this is enormously fun visionary filmmaking, with a witty script and a great international cast. 
good I'm not sure where the line is between a good gonzo movie and a creative mess, but I know that Snowpiercer is on the right side of it. 
good A dystopian masterwork illustrating the moral rot of dividing the population into a winning class versus everybody else as poor scum of the earth. 
very_good If you love movies, you can't afford to miss it. 
best Sprung from a 1982 French graphic novel and bearing its era's trickle-down tensions, Snowpiercer is a headlong rush into conceptual lunacy-but you'll love it anyway. 
good Projecting the problems of today into a science-fiction tomorrow, [Snowpiercer] also ties them to a compelling story that keeps shifting under its characters' feet. 
good Bong brings enough straight action to the mix that even those put off by the more bizarre characters should ultimately dig what he's done with the material. 
best Against all odds, though not totally unexpected given the director's previous skill with the erratic, the end result is quite spectacular. 
good An entertainingly off-kilter slice of pulpy mainstream filmmaking, executed with humour, verve and vision. 
fair The film preaches resolutely to the choir, and cinephiles in sync with the film's politics may still blanch at how snugly their interests are courted. 
best Echoing the dystopian brilliance of Blade Runner and Brazil and beset by remarkably similar studio wrangling over the final cut, Snowpiercer is an audacious, immersive and nightmarish masterpiece. 
good Snowpiercer works brilliantly, the sum of extremely disparate parts that adds up to cinematic excellence. 
best Roaring action, thoughtful geekery, and a knockout performance by Chris Evans send Snowpiercer speeding out of the station and into the sci-fi history books. 
good If the film has one element that never flags or falters, it's Evans. 
very_bad Snowpiercer is leaden and confused, an all-star disaster of a movie, of interest only to connoisseurs of expensively botched sci-fi money-pits. 
bad Once the action heats up, Bong delivers a rich feast of political allegory and bloodthirsty carnage. Snowpiecer is no masterpiece, but an agreeably unorthodox, impressively arty blockbuster. 
good A nightmare inducing, violent collection of left wing fears enhanced and packaged into a madcap post-apocalyptic movie unlike any other of its kind. 
bad Snowpiercer is an ambitious and stylishly designed slice of dystopian sci-fi, yet it is also incomplete, filled with shallow characters and unexplored ideas. 
best Though completely absurd in many ways, Bong's handling of the source material is so expertly done that we're completely immersed in this tale, allowing for ourselves to be taken wherever the South Korean director sees fit. 
bad Superior Hammer non-horror thriller. 
bad Apesar da obviedade da primeira parte da trama, a segunda metade traz boas reviravoltas e consegue surpreender o espectador (mesmo que o roteiro seja claramente inspirado em As Diabolicas). 
terrible an essence of by-mistake-80s-homage is the only thing keeping this movie at the crust of the rest of made for TV teen flicks 
terrible Stick It was not made for fat, bald guys in their mid-30s. So is it a big surprise that I didn't like the movie? 
bad ...sample line of dialogue: "I'm so sure I'm practically deodorant!" 
very_bad 'This sport is a total joke!' fumes the spunky gymnast heroine of Stick It, a sentiment that will be shared by anyone who wastes their hard-earned on this silly teen comedy. 
bad Missy Peregrym is a real find - she gives an energetic, funny and extremely physical performance, to the point where you feel exhausted just watching her. 
very_bad The script fights well against the cliche-ridden plot but this is very average all round. 
bad Snappy dialog and some prickly satire give it an edge most of these youthful romps lack. 
terrible This is a movie for fourteen-year-olds that feels like it's been written by one. 
fair Stick It is an enjoyable kids' film with a tough group of gals who have an appreciation for gymnastics and claim that what they do is harder than being a Navy SEAL. 
terrible Bridges maintains his dignity as best he can, but Peregrym fails to convince, either as a teenager or as a gymnast. 
very_bad Bendinger's film is a mess. That's really all there is to it. 
bad Missy Peregrym is the second coming of Nancy McKeon (do I want to kiss her, or get her to change my oil?). 
bad Comes unglued about two thirds of the way through 
bad Bridges, as always, turns in dependable work as the hard-nosed coach Vickerman, but the character comes with a little too much backstory that neither advances the plot nor finds resolution. 
fair Peregrym lands on her feet, even if the movie doesn't. 
terrible Halfway through, you'll be ready to tell the people behind this malnourished rubbish exactly where they can stick it. 
bad This film is about as bitchy and mean spirited as you can and still have sweetness and light all around at the end. 
good "Stick It" is a movie full of attitude, eye candy and action. 
very_good This is no rah-rah spandex-strutting teen flick. It's a pointed human drama with plenty to say about the unfair, borderline child-abusive sport of gymnastics, with its archaic, dense scoring system. 
terrible hopes to distract us with several montages of scantily clad leotard wearing jail bait girls working out, dancing, performing their gymnastics routines and acting as sassy as possible. If you are under 18, YAY! If you are older, SHAME ON YOU! 
fair I liked the passion with which the story argued its point about unfairness in gymnastic judging. But - and this is a big but - I didn't believe the plot twist that is used to make the point. 
bad In Stick It attitude comes before all else. Attitude runs crazy -- cartwheeling, handspringing, bird-flipping attitude. 
bad It would of course be irresponsible of me to say that all teenage girls will love this movie. But I can say, with some certainty, that more than a few twenty-five year old boys will like it. 
bad There is a positive message in the film, often obscured by the bogus punk attitude. 
good Yes, we're in the world of elite gymnastics, and Jessica Bendinger's Stick It is an enjoyable exercise in girl power. 
good It's a credit to [writer/director] Bendinger's attention to the little details that make Stick It feel so unique and entertaining -- poking fun at elite-level child athletics while still respecting its young characters and their feelings. 
fair Stick It has a clunky script, a game cast and swell bodies in motion. It would have been better if [director] Bendinger tried to tell it more than sell it. 
fair Though the film's twist is an entertaining jolt to the standard sports story, its vision of integrity over points is executed with a surprising lack of finesse. 
bad "Stick It" should serve competitive gymnastics in much the same way "Bring It On" celebrated cheerleading. 
bad For what it is, this is a cut above the tween film genre. 
bad Stick It can't stand up under too much scrutiny. It's cliched and contrived, but it does play well to its target audience of young females. 
bad Unfortunately, [Jessica] Bendinger's directorial debut is far more formulaic [than Bring It On]. 
bad Stick It doesn't have an original bone in its buffed body. It's been molded from all the sports-as-salvation movies that Bring It On so adroitly spoofed. 
bad Unfortunately, the Bring It On formula has already been imitated so many times that it's become tired. 
fair Too lazy to perfect its own routine...[but] a surprisingly appealing vacation, from sense to sensibility. 
bad If this sounds like an old ABC After-School Special, it certainly could be. 
bad Stick It is a melodrama that doesn't know when to turn off the waterworks. 
bad This started with a lower degree of difficulty and the execution had some flaws. 
bad Three cheers for a feisty, break-all-the-rules heroine who is a bold innovator in the grueling world of competitive gymnastics. 
terrible the heroines' motto might as well be, "I am Airhead, hear me roar"... The derriere-level cameras ensure that Bendinger's female-empowerment fantasy features plenty of cheesecake. 
good ... a frothy girl-power manifesto so briskly paced, sharply written and infectiously entertaining that its deficiencies seem as insignificant as a lightly chipped fingernail. 
good Subversively funny ... 
bad Writer-director Jessica Bendinger, an ex-model, veteran of Sex and the City and fun girl comedies, throws away more good lines than most teen comedies can muster. 
good A spry teenage comedy that gets everything right, Stick It takes the usual batch of underdogs, dirt bags, mean girls and bimbos and sends them somersaulting through happy cliches and unexpected invention. 
terrible Rarely is a sports movie so inept that it can't even make its central figure likable. 
very_bad Stick It gets stuck deciding where it's going. Is it a) the story of a wayward teen who straightens up; b) a gymnastics version of Clueless; or c) just a way to blow 100 minutes? From the looks of it, the right answer may be 'c.' 
good Bendinger, who wrote for rock magazine Spin, has figured out a way to salute female competition and unity. 
bad Stick It uses the story of a gymnast's comeback attempt as a backdrop for overwrought visual effects, music videos, sitcom dialogue and general pandering. 
bad Stick It ends up as just another disposable teen movie. 
fair It might not have anything to do with real life, but this screenwriter's version of how girls are alternately bitchy and touchy-feely is entertaining. 
very_bad Stick It is shrill, unrepentantly lame and will surely disappoint any fan of gymnastics as Bendinger substitutes some kind of Olympic-sized political statement in place of a big, rousing finale. 
very_bad It's appropriate that `Stick It' even has a title that sneers, for watching the movie is like spending an hour supervising detention. 
very_bad We already have Bring It On, and it's on basic cable 17 times a day. We don't need another one, as it's already been brought. 
bad Stick It may be tough to stick out unless you're a girl between the ages of 11 and 16. 
terrible Should go where the sun don't shine, all right, and that's at the bottom of DVD bargain bins. 
very_bad The film strives for some type of a girl-empowerment message that equates trading one type of conformity for another with self-determination but muffs the dismount and stumbles on the landing. In other words, it fails to Stick It. 
bad Stick It isn't groundbreaking material, but at least it keeps its balance. 
bad Stick It suggests gymnasts use its title as a battle cry for what the coaches and judges should do with the pommel horse. 
fair Stick It appears to be one kind of movie, but the kind of movie it actually is, is more original. 
good An indelicately titled but inventive, energetic fable about reconciling reality and roaring egos, it is a movie almost totally reliant on well-developed character, quick-witted repartee and mercurial relationships. 
bad In terms of eye candy, Stick It is a feast. Unfortunately, the film is a famine in just about every other regard. 
bad Where Bring It On found fans well outside its theoretical demographic, Stick It is unlikely to follow suit. 
very_bad Stay away from this cliche-ridden script. ... Stay at home and watch gymnastics on ESPN instead. 
bad Jessica Bendinger looks to do for gymnastics what her Bring It On did for cheerleading: namely, give a stereotypically girlie-girl activity some defiant, individualistic attitude. 
fair ...an impressive example of a highly idealistic nonfiction film. 
bad An edifying 1983 documentary about the yearning for freedom by the persecuted and downtrodden Mayan peasants of Guatemala. 
bad Mini skirt girl power continues. 
very_bad The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake. Or maybe a better word is shallow. This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow. 
terrible Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled. 
best Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party. 
very_bad To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made. 
terrible This thing is pure garbage. 
terrible Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen. 
bad [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning. 
best Full Throtle is full of fun. 
terrible If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you. 
bad A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing. 
good That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius. 
very_bad Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion. Nice outfits, though. 
bad Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived 
fair A high spirited ride that just goes on too long. 
good A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling. 
very_bad E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica. 
bad Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film. 
bad By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag. 
bad Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment. 
good 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.' 
bad Charlie's Angels was fun. For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead. 
very_good Do not go in here expecting "an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick. This is basically PG-13 porn. And it's a blast. 
good Just as much fun as the first one. 
very_bad The term eye candy has never felt more apropos. 
bad Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never quite clear where all his go is supposed to be going -- other than to the next set-piece. 
good Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick. 
fair Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word). 
bad It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part? It has absolutely no plot. 
very_bad It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago. 
good Anyone going to this movie expecting substance, subtlety, or sophistication is barking up the wrong tree. Like its predecessor, the sequel simply asks you to surrender yourself to the fun. 
fair Ladies, start your engines. 
very_bad As pointless as a tap-dancing elephant. 
terrible Did we really need another Charlie's Angels movie? 
bad The director calls himself 'McG,' and the movie has been edited to fit the attention span of those who think words of more than three letters are boring... 
very_bad An incomprehensible furball of grungy kids running around screaming. 
fair ...one of the most mindlessly enjoyable movies to crop up so far this summer. 
fair I really enjoyed Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Oh, who am I kidding, my libido LOOOOOOOOVED this movie. 
bad McG and company aren't making art here, they're doing a piece purely serving as escapist entertainment... 
terrible A less cohesive action-comedy than its predecessor, Full Throttle is instead a freewheeling collection of random action sequences strung together with little or no discernible rhyme or reason. 
bad ...merely an act of sheer overkill...Full Throttle is just an excuse to deliver another random hyperactive fleshy fable and pass it off as a mainstream mega-snack. 
bad Sorry, Charlie: Full Throttle stalls out in the clutch. 
terrible Citizen Kane for teenage boys. Still, it's better than the original. 
terrible ...a stagnant collage of scenes that assault the eyes, ears and mind without actually being very entertaining in the process. 
fair This is a movie with less depth than a Maxim pictorial, but it's fun. 
good Unlike many of Hollywood's other recent action movies, McG seems to know how to handle his. He gives us a sense of clarity and speed, and only uses CGI at the edges of the frame instead of dead center where it gives itself away (see The Hulk). 
very_bad Hard-sell and impersonal, the second Angels outing may be full throttle, but it's running on an empty tank. 
bad The action is ridiculously overwrought, a state-of-the-art combination of CGI wizardry and Hong Kong-style wirework so removed from the laws of physical reality that it might as well be animated. 
very_bad [A] seizure-inducing extreme fashion show. 
good Full Throttle is good, dumb fun. 
fair The only thing missing from Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the joystick. 
bad As a movie, it's a mess, but there's a loopy spirit to it that's infectious, and the giggly camaraderie of its heroines shines through, like sunlight over a junkyard. 
bad This is something rare: a movie that insulates itself against its own rottenness by being lousy by design. 
terrible Meant to be a lark, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a dodo begging for extinction. 
fair Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a lot like going to a fast-food restaurant. You have no idea what you're eating, but it tastes good and that's all that counts. 
bad Jam-packed with bikini-clad eye candy, loud music, louder explosions and enough action to appease any ADD audience. 
fair Unlike other sequel's cramming the multiplexes, this one certainly won't bore you. 
good Gleefully airheaded and slick. 
bad Sure, there's plenty of po-mo frolicking to '80s hits, and references are dropped to every cinematic nugget from Flashdance to Cape Fear. But the drawn-out action sequences show barely a trace of wit. 
bad Most action flicks, even the wildest ones, try to get you to go along with their over-the-top contortions. But the action scenes in Full Throttle don't even attempt to be plausible. And that's just why they're so much fun. 
bad An excuse for a spectacular series of costume and hair changes, not-so-spectacular stunts and a parade of pointless celebrity cameos. 
good As its own collection of Angels' Greatest Hits, Full Throttle winds up embracing the spirit of the original TV series, supplanting it and gleefully eviscerating it. 
bad Twice as confusing. 
good The movie is a giant goof, and a good one, as long as you're in the mood to play along. 
fair No noticeable difference from first incoherent effort. 
bad Full Throttle is virtually identical to its predecessor, but with more of everything, good and bad. 
good Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the full whopper of silliness on the big screen, a spoof of a spoof of a spoof that is pretty well plotless, not to mention gormless and feckless. 
bad Full Throttle is silly in the extreme and works best for audiences who are as undiscerning as its creators. 
bad Yeah, the gals sure seem to have a lot of fun working together, but they only share that glee with the audience on an intermittent basis. 
good Full Throttle is self-deprecating without being smug about it, a movie that knows how not only to make a joke but to take a joke. 
bad Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle could possibly be the single-dumbest movie in a summer that's already full of dim-witted fare of the Dumb and Dumberer variety. 
fair The goodness of Full Throttle resides not in its being good but in the joyous spirit with which its stars go at playing Angels. 
fair Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a great time at the movies, to be sure, but it stands in the shadow of [a predecessor] that was more original, more satisfying, and somehow more complete. 
fair Harmless, brainless, good-natured fun. 
very_bad I bet John August, Cormac Wibberly and Marianne Wibberly couldn't begin to explain what happens in the script they wrote. 
terrible A loud, expensive mess of a movie with no real plot but a definite formula. 
good The movie's glee is contagious. 
fair McG's hyperkinetic music video background must have come in handy with the editing. 
terrible The self-conscious silliness of the first Charlie's Angels has been overwhelmed here by a stifling smugness. 
best Thankfully, McG never permits the film to be crushed under its own weight. 
very_bad Loud but listless, this sequel plays like coming attractions for a movie that never shows up. 
bad The theme for the sequel is more: more over-the-top action, more puns, more Bosley shtick, and more gratuitous action to please the male audience...Too bad more stuff doesn't include more entertainment. 
fair Undeniably, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is an enjoyably crazy ride--just make sure to leave your disbelief suspended at the door. 
good The intrigue in the plot is weak, but the action makes up for it. 
bad Cameron, Drew and Lucy are still doing it for themselves in the sequel, and thankfully, the fun is still there. 
fair This movie actually feels more like a sequel to the original television show than the one that came out 2 1/2 years ago. 
very_bad Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is like eating a bowl of Honeycomb drenched in Red Bull -- a dizzying mouthful of unabashed silliness that leads to an equally precipitous crash once the buzz wears off after the film's first hour. 
very_bad Despite the fact that a group of gifted professionals created exactly the cinematic effects they were after, it's hard to take great pleasure in what's been achieved. 
bad [The Angels'] spunky charms are the main -- nay, the only -- reason to see this hyperactive action-adventure farce. 
bad It does what no other movie has done: it transforms a TV show into a cartoon. Not that this was such a challenge. 
good McG has made the very wise decision to leave any attachment to reality completely out of mind 
very_bad An action movie so loud, stupid and unbelievable that it will alienate proud fans of loud, stupid and unbelievable action movies. 
terrible Watching Full Throttle is like being pummeled for two hours with a feather duster. It leaves no scars, but you do feel the pain. 
fair Finds its groove but doesn't get out when it turns into a rut. 
good Full Throttle is a movie cut like a trailer -- and doesn't everyone say the trailers are better than the movies? 
fair It is the summer movie as dumb fun, with an emphasis on both words. 
bad Full Throttle simply turns up the volume and asks the Angels to take off their clothes more often. 
terrible What the picture represents, in a very real way, is the death of cinema. 
bad As a whole, the movie is an irritating blend of little things that work and big things that don't. 
bad Where the first film still managed to be fun and kooky, this one eventually grows tiresome. 
bad There wasn't much story in the first installment, even less this time, and what's here doesn't make a lick of sense. 
bad a flight of hard-body fantasy served up with a healthy dose of self-mockery 
bad McG and his leading ladies captured something in a bottle [in the first film], and `Full Throttle' feels like they're trying to force that something back in. 
terrible This is not merely one of the worst films in recent memory but it could well go down as one of the worst things ever conceived by human hands. 
bad The failure of Full Throttle is that McG and his stars have mistaken having a good time making a movie for making a good movie. 
fair It's a big MTV video, but it's one of the good ones. 
bad This is a fun movie that peeks at about the 45-minute mark. 
bad ... sorry, Charlie, this crowded "Angels" episode plays more slick than shrewd. 
very_good Self-aware of its silliness and ridiculously entertaining! Perfect summer movie escapism. 
terrible Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is merely a preposterous, maximized manipulation of the original film's winning formula. 
bad "The Einstein of Sex" has the look of a poorly made television drama, but don't let that distract you. Praunheim tells an important story and he tells it well. 
very_bad Superficial, unauthorized drama about writer's rise to fame. 
terrible Lifetime translated a potentially heartwarming and positive tale into something rife with cliches. 
bad This journey is a string of moments, all leading to Harry Potter. 
good If you've ever been a single mom and couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel, this is the perfect movie for you. 
terrible The climactic house-versus-humans scenes were so ludicrous that I half expected Kattan to revert to his Mr. Peepers persona from SNL and start battling the evil inkblot with spat-out chunks of apple. 
fair House on Haunted Hill isn't a great movie. It is, however, a good deal of gory fun. 
bad Drained of any wild, spontaneous spark. 
good It's a cheesy throwaway horror flick, but it's a tight cheesy throwaway horror flick. 
best [It's] one of the great underrated horror flicks of the last decade. Yes, really. 
terrible Quarts of shiny blood are splashed around and numerous moans and groans pepper the soundtrack, but astonishingly, the movie never manages to provoke so much as a shudder. 
bad ...An excellent show of digi-graphics. But it is seldom scary. 
bad There's a great deal of general creepiness, but the enterprise is undercut by a weak script, weak characters, and a too simple plot. 
very_bad All the visual bravura doesn't fill in the gaping plot holes or generate any real frights. 
terrible Consistently inert -- even though the fee for successful housesitting has been raised to a million bucks a night. 
good It won't exercise your grey matter, but it may well give your inner child pause for thought 
bad This is almost a green light. If you considered yourself a connoisseur of horror films, you'll be disappointed. If you are easily scared then you will love it. 
bad The scariest images are lifted directly from Jacob's Ladder and Ghost Story. 
bad ...too many special effects; not enough suspense or frights. 
very_bad Fails to deliver even one good 'boo!' moment. 
terrible House On Haunted Hill is not only never scary, it's never even interesting. 
terrible House on Haunted Hill is a sorry reincarnation of the 1950s William Castle horror film. 
bad Decent special effects and a few scary moments simply don't justify bothering with this resurrected movie concept that deserved to be left sealed in its crypt. 
terrible Malone tosses wandering lunatics, mad doctors, and hell's spawn into the mix right off the bat, which then makes it all that much more difficult to maintain an air of unease throughout. 
terrible Slow-moving, yawn-inducing. 
bad House on Haunted Hill is the kind of horror movie that's not a bit scary and quite a bit gross. 
very_bad The original had two things this one doesn't: a bit of class and some genuine suspense. 
bad It's all utterly predictable, yet, The House on Haunted Hill manages to whip up enough suspense, liberally seasoned with doses of wry humor, to keep things moving. 
bad Moments of effective horror pop up on a semi-regular basis, but they are not enough to offset the increasingly tedious feel. 
terrible Geoffrey Rush shamelessly overacts with a vengeance in this chillingly awful movie, which leaves us with one nagging question. Can Oscars be recalled? 
very_bad Watching House on Haunted Hill is like going to a restaurant where the food looks delectable, but tastes awful. 
terrible The beautiful Isabelle Huppert never quite catches the Flaubert vibe. 
very_bad Probably the worst of the Critters series (and that's saying something). 
bad Just as good as its predecessor ... which was actually a pretty good time! 
bad Almost as good as the first film, it's alone worth seeing for the return of Terrence Mann as the funniest intergalactic bounty hunter in the history of cinema. 
terrible My Sister's Keeper is a committee-approved nerve-snapper that, much like its main character, has been genetically engineered to MAKE! YOU! CRY! 
bad My Sister's Keeper demands nothing less than a tidal wave of tears. 
bad The film has a profound and compelling premise. Regrettably, it seems intent on being about everything but that premise. 
very_bad I tried to keep an open mind, hoping something would win me over. It didn't happen. 
good [I]ntelligent, moving and even occasionally funny, although you might want to bring along a few tissues just in case. 
bad Bring the tissues. This film works. 
very_bad What starts as an exploration of the ethics of organ-donation and genetic selection, rapidly disintegrates into a sloppy, unstructured, tear-jerking mess. 
bad There's no question that this is a really intriguing drama and a drama that I think deserved better treatment than it gets here because I think Nick Cassevetes -- I don't think he's a very good director, really. 
fair There is a touch of contrivance to the set-up that is not totally convincing and the film avoids much of the ethical arguments in favour of family drama. But I must admit to being affected. 
bad A morally ambiguous tearjerker with a twist. 
bad Though the motives of My Sister's Keeper will seem dubious to some, there is no denying the performances on display keep everything in the realm of the watchable. 
fair As manufactured Disease of the Week weepies go, Nick Cassavetes's drama based on a Jodi Picoult bestseller, is surprisingly moving. 
good The decision to avoid unnecessary sentimentality defines this film, elevating it to a more thoughtful if a touch less engaging arena, sacrificing emotional escapism for conversation provoking tragedy. 
very_good Sometimes, a sad story isn't just a manipulative venture that makes you cry. Sometimes, as in 'The Notebook,' it's a tale well told that brings out honest emotions. Sometimes, it's in a movie such as 'My Sister's Keeper.' 
good The performances are first-rate, with special commendation to Vassilieva in a breakout performance as a teen striving for normalcy in spite of her cancer. 
bad A tear-fest medical drama that seems much longer than it is. 
good ...a high-class tear-jerker thanks to an intelligent script...sensitive direction...and strong performances... 
very_bad Diaz is a whiny irrelevance, but sharp supporting work from Alec Baldwin and Joan Cusack makes the proceedings tolerable for boyfriends. 
terrible You should consent to having treacle intravenously injected into your system sooner than go to see this Hollywood weepie. 
very_bad It would be tough not to shed a tear for any child forced to look death in the face, but it's also a crying shame that such a delicate matter ends up being treated with an uncertain heavy hand. 
very_bad Full of clunky voiceovers, corny music and maudlin montages, this manipulative yarn plays with issues of medical morality and parental duty only to discard them in favour of a manipulative paean to valuing life and accepting death. 
terrible With direction this leaden and scripting this ham-fisted, my suspicion is that there will be far too many dry eyes in the house. 
good A very satisfying, if emotionally draining, experience. Needless to say you should take a large box of hankies - plus a bottle of water so you can rehydrate afterwards. 
terrible This medical-ethics drama is like a sustained assault on the tear ducts. 
very_bad My Sister's Keeper ducks some of the bigger moral dilemmas, which may have added more grit. There again this is not a film with grit on its mind, just how quickly it can have you reaching for a handkerchief. 
bad My Sister's Keeper becomes a well-heeled weepie in which the family's comfortable existence, despite the misfortunes of fate, is hardly challenged at all. 
terrible This movie cheapens the experience of a family struggling to come to terms with the impending loss of a loved one. Cry? I very nearly did. Just not in the way Cameron probably hoped. 
bad The acting is excellent, but I can't say that My Sister's Keeper provides anything more than the standard TV movie ... 
bad Where restraint might have raised up My Sister's Keeper, a heavy hand has brought it down. 
very_bad What might have been a pretty heady work quickly gives way to shameless manipulation and a screenplay that's both sloppy and contrived. 
bad The movie is a wafer thin translation of a really good book 
very_good ...consistently manages to rise above its similarly-themed, undeniably low-rent brethren... 
best Easily the most poignant picture of the year, achieved without resorting to manipulative soap opera devices. 
good Tears will be shed as the promised courtroom drama is displaced by other developments - Joan Cusack almost steals the pic as the lachrymose judge who has lost a young daughter herself. 
bad A mostly contrived and uneven drama that lacks nuances and fails to pack an emotional punch, but at least it's mildly engaging thanks to warm, heartfelt performances and exquisite cinematography. 
very_bad Two hours later I felt as if I was heartless, as all this film did was make me wish I had the last two hours back even after all the melodramatic pain and suffering. 
good Contrived or not, sad is sad, and My Sister's Keeper will have all but the most cement-hearted reaching for tissue. 
good Given how easily the filmmakers could have cranked up the string section and gone for the quivering lip in soft focus, their restraint is admirable. 
bad Sad drama has heavy themes about and illness, family. 
very_bad Call me crazy or overly conservative, but I find it completely reprehensible to have another child simply to use as an organ and tissue farm for another kid. 
fair A mawkish yet worthy enough addition to the summer line-up. 
bad My Sister's Keeper targets tear ducts so ruthlessly, it might as well be sponsored by Kleenex. 
very_good Uneven but deeply moving. 
very_good A film that overcomes an obscenely melodramatic setup to come by its tears honorably. 
very_bad True, it's as contrived as the genre gets, but it nevertheless left me mourning the movie that might have been. 
bad Undeniably manipulative, not only in its plot, but in its dramatization of it. 
good The weepfest movie of the summer, but it has more going for it than that. 
very_bad My Sister's Keeper takes on a very tough subject, but ultimately it is too soft, too easy, and it dissolves like a tear-soaked tissue. 
very_good My Sister's Keeper humanizes vexing questions about medical ethics without sacrificing rattling family drama. 
fair Although the compelling courtroom drama gets forgotten for much of the movie, My Sister's Keeper also is relatively realistic about the physical and emotional toll of disease. 
bad My Sister's Keeper is a rare tearjerker where the viewer doesn't feel jerked around (most of the time). 
good Director Nick Cassavetes relies too much on montages with wispy songs about yearning and unicorns, but he gracefully balances the film's multiple viewpoints, which help us understand that the film's issues are not black and white. 
good My Sister's Keeper isn't quite a keeper, but it's a sturdy melodrama that earns those copious tears. 
very_good With solid performances and an intelligent script, My Sister's Keeper offers a moving and powerfully realistic portrait of a family stalked by tragedy that somehow manages to emerge from crisis battered but intact. 
bad My Sister's Keeper takes a compelling ethical dilemma and turns it into formulaic pap by trying relentlessly to ensure an emotional reaction with sentimental exploitation and plot contrivances. 
fair Faced with a clear choice between an entirely original story and one told a thousand times before, director and co-writer Nick Cassavetes takes the easy, well trodden path. 
good An outrageous Lifetime Television courthouse drama, constructed in the artful style of a Sundance drama... 
bad As an example of the age old Hollywood weeper as post-modern semi-serious character study, Nick Cassavete's My Sister's Keeper is too safe to be wholly successful, too powerful to be merely pushed aside. 
very_bad What an agonizing, misguided, maudlin mess! 
bad If My Sister's Keeper feels melodramatic and contrived, it is, at least, sincerely so. 
bad My Sister's Keeper, like all tearjerkers, works as a ritual as much as it does art. 
fair My Sister's Keeper offers a couple of twists, one of them crucial and the other cruelly unnecessary and melodramatic. 
terrible My Sister's Keeper has a gutsy premise, but no guts. 
terrible Two straight hours of emotional torture porn that is so brutally assaultive in its determination to jerk tears from viewers that it practically leaps off the screen and into their laps in order to get to them quicker. 
good A motion picture of notable sensitivity and beauty, hamstrung emotions kept to a minimum. Tough, touchy, provocative, and exceptionally moving. 
bad A moving story, but the film's overly romantic tone rings hollow. 
bad Don't avoid My Sister's Keeper because it's a film about a serious issue. Avoid it because it approaches that issue like a very special episode of Grey's Anatomy -- complete with whining pop songs and all the comforts of cliche. 
very_bad A shameless attempt at manipulation that wants but doesn't earn audience tears. 
good Keeper, striving to manipulate the audience, goes on a little longer than it should. However, the performances are so true that it's easy to forgive such unneeded, straight-to-the-heartstrings tactics. 
bad You may cry at the film's designated crying times, approximately every 10 minutes, like the traffic and weather. Or you may not, and wonder instead why some high-gloss weepies treat their source material quite so shamelessly. 
bad Less an exercise in catharsis than an obstacle course of premise-heavy, flashback-drenched plot points, it's an emotional flat-liner, even though virtually every character (including Alec Baldwin as the lawyer) carries some hurt or grief. 
bad It's beautifully shot and skillfully acted, but My Sister's Keeper, an earnest family-faces-cancer drama, is a bit like a real-world horror film with 'heart,' right down to the trick ending. 
bad This ethical drama tries to make people think about medical and family dilemmas while wringing a few tears out of them along the way. 
very_bad A perfect example of a disease-of-the-week movie done wrong. 
bad This book hasn't been adapted, it's been taken outside and shot. 
very_bad Wailing and screaming and fighting with everyone else onscreen, Cameron Diaz is giving a powerhouse performance her character doesn't warrant. 
very_bad My Sister's Keeper suffers from sheer sloppiness of script that results in scenes of comedic frivolity coming off as screechingly forced. 
good My Sister's Keeper doesn't pull any punches, and it doesn't tell any lies, and it earns every feeling and thought and memory it brings to the audience. 
very_bad an overly sentimental movie-of-the-week, masquerading as counterprogramming to Michael Bay's box-office-blasting robots. 
bad Unsubtleties be damned, our defenses fall. Meanwhile, Cassavetes' reign as the go-to waterworks man remains uncontested. 
bad It's a family melodrama that never misses the opportunity for a heartbreaking, acoustic musical montage that brims with portent, as if we could forget that losing a child is hard and terrible. 
bad Like an amalgam of every "ABC After-School Special" ever made ... makes most Lifetime Channel movies seem competent by comparison. 
very_good My Sister's Keeper is an immediate audience-grabber. 
very_bad A shamelessly manipulative film that proves insulting rather than moving. 
bad Ttries so hard to check in with everybody (dad, brother, sister, mom, etc.) that it doesn't get close enough to anyone. 
very_bad The infuriating cop-out ending reduces the premise to mush. 
fair A lot of things don't work that well in My Sister's Keeper, a tearjerker adapted from Jodi Picoult's best-seller. But one thing is guaranteed: The movie practically forces you to shed a tear or two. 
good Films that present a moral dilemma and make us consider the unthinkable are as rare as bargain popcorn in the summer. Cassavetes manages that feat and turns this weeper into a keeper. 
fair While this little wrencher works, cinematically, perfectly well, the truth is, this one is going to piss off a whole lot of people. 
bad Sempre o sujeito de bom carater, Fonda cativa o espectador - mas a ingenuidade excessiva do filme acaba datando a producao. 
bad It's a role that Crawford was born to play, but ultimately the film is too campy to be memorable. 
good Possessed does have a few very good insights into the self-abasing aggressiveness of unrequited love. 
bad ...when the entire production is clearly infused with such goodwill, it does add to its emotional impact. 
bad A throwback to the energetic sci-fi films of yesteryear. Frantic and Fun. 
bad A watchable futuristic prison flick. Decent B-movie thrills. 
bad Martin Campbell's generally an underrated action director, but this is just okay, not one of his finer efforts 
bad Although several segments will appeal to horror aficionados, it often feels like a political statement couched in a format that will appeal to the blood and popcorn crowd. 
good This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre, but so what? It's hilarious. 
bad Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire. 
terrible The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras. 
bad I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to. 
very_bad Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad. 
bad It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit. 
very_bad [It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning. 
very_bad A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original. 
terrible This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste. 
terrible Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy. 
bad In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time. 
terrible There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status. 
bad Its modest (if occasionally gross-out) stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines. 
very_bad Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits. 
terrible When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire, Hell Baby's shoddy script is an unholy mystery. 
fair The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt. 
fair Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot, providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant's typical "immature" style. 
fair It's genuinely funny, a condition all too rare in horror-comedies, comedies, and movies written by Lennon and Garant. 
terrible Marlon Wayans' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013. 
very_bad For every joke that works- about ten fall flat. 
good It doesn't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show "The State," but funny is funny, and Hell Baby is very, very funny. 
fair The moment could not be any timelier for this movie. 
good The depiction of moral imperialism is frightening and infuriating. 
good God Loves Uganda charts the rise in persecution and intolerance in the African nation as America's Christian right takes its anti-gay fight to new territory. 
good Watching this film will leave you with some dispiriting questions about America and its values. 
good You'd never guess the subject matter of "God Loves Uganda" from its innocuous-sounding title. 
good Credit must go to the filmmakers for presenting this in a fair and balanced way, covering the full story with remarkable restraint. 
fair Williams' alarm is balanced by his measured observation of a group of twentysomethings from the Kansas City-based International House of Prayer. 
good A scary documentary about the efforts of the Christian right to achieve in Uganda what they believe is their God-given right to lead that African nation. 
fair "God Loves Uganda" approaches this intersection of faith and politics with some fairness and a good deal of outrage. 
best On the one hand dark and disturbing, and on the other, almost satirically funny. 
good One effective sequence after another...carries the alarming sensation of ideological chaos without resorting to technical trickery. 
good Simply but effectively presented, this is a haunting documentary focusing on the power grab behind the human tragedy. 
good The most infuriating and sinister documentary in recent memory. 
fair ...unable to peddle their nonsense in the U.S., the evangelicals have found a ready target in Uganda, an English-speaking and primarily Christian country with a long history of evangelical missionary work... 
bad A heartfelt, creditable picture. 
best The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion. 
best Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect. 
good A really well-made film. 
good The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet. 
good [Features] three of the best performances of 2005. 
very_good Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer. 
best With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love. 
best Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke. 
best Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director. 
good Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout. 
bad Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids. 
best This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory. 
good Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before. 
good Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch. 
very_bad This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates. 
good A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another. 
best Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven. 
best Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true. 
good what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time 
good To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee. 
very_good Performances throughout are superb. 
very_good Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed 
good There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list. 
good The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual. 
terrible On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film. 
best There were plenty of contenders in 2004 but only one that truly was a heavyweight. 
very_good Not a movie I would necessarily see again, saw twice, but while watching it, impossible to think about anything else. 
best After the twist, audiences may shy away from the complex moral issues portrayed and leave somewhat unenthused. Others might find the film too depressing for their enjoyment. 
very_good The Cliche'd Sports Movie That Almost Was - and Thankfully Wasn't . . . the movie stops being about boxing, and becomes entirely something else 
best A movie that shines with life and excitement and sorrow. It's an emotionally overwhelming experience. 
very_good Million Dollar Baby is about intelligent, ambitious people we respect and sympathize with, making the viewing experience actually satisfying, unlike, say, Mystic river. 
best Un Knock Out Cinematografico 
best It has stereotypical underdog elements, but Eastwood, Swank, and Freeman are so powerful in the film, that it seems fresh. 
best Packs a K.O. punch...and does so with exceptional cinematic grace, a powerful emotional sting, and without breaking a sweat. 
good Cmo no conmoverse cuando un gigante de hierro como Eastwood desnuda toda su vulnerabilidad emocional frente a la pantalla? El tipo se hace lgrimas, y nosotros con l. 
good While the movie is set in the world of boxing, it covers a lot of other important issues and relationships. Some of you will find the ending has a moral issue. 
best The first two-thirds of Million Dollar Baby is a typical sports film skillfully made. Then, the third act rolls in like a thundercloud. 
best a lean, modern film noir that places a touching surrogate father-daughter relationship among the inky shadows and crumbling walls of a fading corner of Los Angeles 
best It doesn't matter if you love boxing or hate it; Million Dollar Baby is a powerful and unforgettably human story. 
very_good There's something about boxing - a.k.a. the most barbaric sport on earth - that the camera loves. 
fair What appears to be a boxing film is really a study on dealing with guilt, responsibility for risk, and personal drive. 
best After Freeman refers to a place that exists "somewhere between nowhere and goodbye," we realize he's identified the dark space inhabited by all the film's characters. 
best It is not a great movie because it strives to be important, but because it simply tries to tell a story of people who enter each other's lives, endure a series of struggles and triumphs, and emerge forever changed. 
best a simple, unadorned story that just happens to touch on some big-issue themes usually left for Oscar-bait movies. 
best 'The simplicity of the tale on the surface belies the depth of feeling that comes roaring out from behind Eastwood's enduring squint.' 
best ... a deeply felt (but never feel-good) father-daughter love story - and one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made. 
best Making a movie like Million Dollar Baby requires a certain toughness, to challenge the conventions of a movie genre and make them feel fresh and new. 
best Eastwood seems liberated by old age, doing some of his best and most profound work as an actor and director. 
very_good There shouldn't be any question about whether Clint Eastwood has earned his place in the pantheon of American cinema. 
very_good Arguably the best, most consistent movie Clint Eastwood has made since his Oscar-winning Western Unforgiven in 1992. 
best There is no question about the status of Million Dollar Baby as a work that instantly ranks on the short list of Essential Eastwood. 
best 'This is, hands down, Eastwood's greatest performance on screen.' 
very_good Eastwood tells his story in a straightforward manner; no fancy camera tricks or angles. ... His no-frills, unadorned style ... is well-suited for the subject matter. 
good [A] solid boxing drama. 
best A knockout. 
good Million Dollar Baby earns your eight or nine bucks. 
very_good An unvarnished, reflective and tightly focused tale of loyalty and sacrifice. 
best Ranks among the all-time heavyweights of sports movies. 
best This film is a dramatic powerhouse, thanks to a jarring third act that explores themes far darker than 'overcoming adversity' or 'going the distance.' 
very_good At 74 and directing his 25th film, (Clint) Eastwood just keeps getting better behind the camera. 
good It's above average. But it ain't the greatest of the year. Sorry, Clint. 
good It is a gritty, funny, moving tale of taking risks, taking stands and facing the consequences. And it alternately feels way too familiar and surprises us as it stakes out its thematic territory and then takes a huge, provocative risk of its own. 
best One of the finest character dramas ever made. 
bad It's strange that so many have mistaken its dull sincerity for something profound and moving. 
bad For all its pretensions to elevating the genre, is seldom more than just another boxing movie. 
very_good While we&#8217;ve come to expect a certain Spartan beauty to the look and feel of Clint Eastwood&#8217;s films, here he plumbs new emotional depths as both an actor and director. 
fair A thematically inconsistent and dramatically unsatisfying false idol that has been strangely elevated to the level of Clint Eastwood's actual masterpieces. 
best Lulls you to sleep in its familiar rhythms and genre checkpoints, methodically - almost secretly - working its way toward a knockout conclusion. 
best Sombrio, complexo e instigante. 
best The best movie of 2004, edging out Sideways by a half-whisker. 
best ... Has caused people to take note for the best reason of all: it is a brilliant film. 
very_good Eastwood is the ultimate sparring partner when it comes to his latest prize-winning knockout Baby...displays its badge of cynicism and quiet despair 
best Million Dollar Baby is a masterful piece of work by Eastwood that stays with you long after leaving the theater. 
very_good True to the unspoken desperation and disillusionment that toughens or chews up career-undercard boxers, tinged with post-feminist complexity and rich with classical metaphor. 
very_bad A competently assembled collection of tired cliches, ham-handed sentiment, murky photography and predictable melodrama. 
very_good This film that is directed and stars Clint Eastwood is perhaps his most emotional, most mature, most heart-felt film of his career. 
good Ripe with boxing movie cliches and slow to the point of distraction, this melancholy tale of an ageing trainer and the girl pugilist he takes under his wing nonetheless packs a stunning emotional punch. 
best The actor-director takes a dark look at another venerable archetype, the prize fighter, and in the process has created a masterpiece of American pulp noir. 
best A glorious knockout punch of a movie. 
fair Bring Kleenex. 
good The fight scenes are well-handled and Eastwood includes several nice touches, such as the way Maggie practically gallops into every fight, or the smile on Frankie's face when she wins her first match. 
very_good [Eastwood] appears to be in the middle of a Luis Bunuel-sized career renaissance. 
bad At one point, we're told that boxing moves require fighters to pivot in a counter-intuitive fashion, but except for that ghastly twist there's nothing unpredictable about this movie. 
very_good Eastwood successfully camouflages this layered human morality tale as a boxing film 
very_good A testament to Eastwood's ability to tell a story and find the human truth at its core. 
good This movie packs a solid entertainment punch. 
very_bad Manipulative, demeans religious trust and Catholicity, is anti-hope, anti-family, pro euthanasia propaganda, brutalizes femininity, and is terminally depressing. 
very_bad A phony, simplistic and cheap way for Eastwood to address an important and complicated social issue. At least Swank kicks butt. 
very_good I don't feel the third act delivers the knock-out blow that's intended, but it's still a technical decision win for Eastwood, Swank and Freeman. 
best It's rare that we see a movie that gives its characters a spiritual dimension; and rarer still that the director isn't making a heavy-handed statement with it. 
best One of the many pleasures of this beautifully composed, measured movie is how it reminds you of the power of pure storytelling -- an art that's too often overlooked in contemporary films in the rush for sensation and excitement. 
very_good Freeman's doleful, musical narration gives Million Dollar Baby its haunting beauty. 
best When you think you know its moves, it throws in fancy footwork. Then it sucker-punches you when you're not looking. 
best It may be that only Spencer Tracy and Paul Newman (and can someone explain to me how Eastwood and Newman have avoided making a movie together?) aged as well and as interestingly onscreen. 
best Confident, powerful, a thing of deceptively effortless beauty, Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby shifts its weight in the late rounds -- having seduced us with a gritty underdog tale -- and delivers a body blow. 
best It is Clint Eastwood's autumnal masterpiece. 
best The new picture takes its time, gives its actors room to breathe, and isn't afraid to strike a hokey note if it reveals something important. Real life, after all, is full of hokiness. 
good Million probably seems better than it is because Eastwood's directing instincts are so sound. 
best Saying this movie is about boxing is akin to saying Citizen Kane is about a sled. 
best It's a story about passion and dedication to a dream. It's a story about the need to believe in yourself and what you're doing. It's a story about lost opportunities and second chances. 
good It's slow like sweet molasses, careful and textured. 
good ...a tribute to the director-star's admirable work ethic more than anything else. 
best It doesn't get any better than this knock-out of a film. 
best Not just another in a string of masterworks, but also one of the greatest boxing films of all time. 
best An uncompromising and darkly intimate portrayal of risk, resolution and dark, dark places. 
best Absolutely one of the best films that Clint Eastwood's ever made. Think about that. 
best For Clint Eastwood, grim is good, very good. 
fair Million Dollar Baby has a simple premise made better by studying the relationships between the characters, but it takes too wild of a turn towards the end for my taste. 
very_good Million Dollar Baby packs an emotional punch that knocks the wind out of its audience like no movie has in years. 
bad Its originality sucker punches you in the face and you barely have time to recover. 
best The performances of the three leads are perfect, so we don't care that we don't know what lies right outside the Hit Pit. 
best A perfect film. 
good We can see why Warner Bros. decided to move it up a couple of months for the awards season. 
best The most profoundly moving platonic love story of the year. It may be time to wheel out another batch of Career Achievement Awards for Mr. Eastwood. 
best It has the gloom and transcendence of an old man's wisdom. 
fair 2 good acts of Rocky Lite before it switches genres for the last act, a long and tedious tearjerker that turns this way overrated film into just an okay picture. 
very_good Million Dollar Baby makes the line between subtle and obvious seem finer than it is, and delivers its one-two punches Old-Hollywood-style. 
very_good it's when 'Baby' sheds the gloves that the drama truly takes off. And take off it does, in an utterly unexpected direction that's certain to startle... 
terrible Don't believe the hype about Clint Eastwood's boxing pic: This cliche-filled mess is a fixed fight. 
best It's a brave piece of work that's more than just moving -- it's genuinely upsetting, and haunting. 
good In a year of fairly disappointing year-end pictures, the pick of the litter. 
best Turn convention upside down with its stirring portrayal of paternity, passion, mortality, and loyalty 
very_good A breathtaking human drama that will leave you speechless. 
bad Aims to articulate the sport's appeal... One isn't completely convinced by the end of the film that the point has been made, but the attempt is a valiant one. 
very_good Clint Eastwood and Hilary Swank deliver a powerful one-two punch that will knock your socks off and hit you squarely in the heart. 
good This film has a quiet confidence that catches the rhythms of both a strong story and engaging performances 
best Eastwood deserves accolades as both director and star of this powerfully made picture. 
good [Has] a lot going for it: excellent performances, the director's unique touch, and yet another angle of commentary on America's institutionalization of violence. 
best As good as Unforgiven. Or, to put it another way, as good as any movie Eastwood has ever directed. 
fair A fine, understated piece of storytelling that earns every emotional body blow it lands. 
good A story well told about lessons well learned, and if Clint wants to keep making more like them, he should. 
best Eastwood scores a knockout as an actor and director with Million Dollar Baby, a spare, exquisitely realized masterpiece about faith, redemption and boxing that beautifully illustrates his longtime philosophy that 'less is more.' 
bad It worked in 1962 with Requiem for a Heavyweight, a shame it hasn't gotten any fresher in the intervening forty-two years. 
very_good A movie that approaches the level of great boxing films, like Raging Bull, by using sport as a metaphor for human nature. 
best While I wouldn't place Million Dollar Baby on quite as exalted a pedestal as last year's Mystic River and 1992's Unforgiven ... this unlikely female boxer movie may well be the best-directed of Eastwood's filmmaking career. 
very_good The film belongs to Swank. 
good Like a title bout that goes through seven rounds of friendly push and poke before exploding into a knockout combination. 
best Clint Eastwood delivers a knockout punch with this uncompromising boxing-ring drama about faith, trust and redemption. 
best Million Dollar Baby may be the first boxing movie to take the cliche of life imitating the 'art' and make it not feel like just another line. 
very_good Remarkable. 
best Baby has the taut, grim, cold look of a noir out of time. It becomes a classic Eastwood movie and Frankie becomes a classic Eastwood role. 
very_good A haunting and beautiful story of the human spirit. 
best Any doubt that Eastwood ranks among America's finest filmmakers should forever be dispelled thanks to this unexpectedly brilliant masterpiece. 
very_good Eastwood's powers as a director have never been in question, but who knew he had this amazing performance left inside of him? 
very_good Eastwood deserves another Best Picture nomination. Here's a man who has finally put Dirty Harry to rest. 
very_good When did Clint Eastwood find the time to pour his heart and soul into Million Dollar Baby? 
very_good The knockout punch comes from Eastwood. His stripped-down performance -- as powerful as anything he's ever done -- has a rugged, haunting beauty. 
best An emotionally powerful drama about a woman boxer, a crusty old trainer, and their journey of the heart-one of the year's best 
very_good Absolutely riveting entertainment. Takes a formulaic blueprint, tramples it to the floor, and comes up with something altogether more penetrating, touching, and real. 
very_good Another act of faith from Clint Eastwood, Million Dollar Baby may be the best American film of 2004. 
fair Hilary Swank knocks us out. 
very_bad Not quite a career low for John Travolta -- Two of a Kind was still to come -- but one he nevertheless would probably love to forget. 
terrible It all amounts to an embarrassing show of unrestrained, Hollywood-style egomania. 
terrible If not quite one of the worst sequels ever made, it's near the top of the list of all-time most disappointing sequels. Writer-director Stallone stupidly attempts to turn Tony Manero into a dancing Rocky. 
terrible A slick, commercial cinematic jukebox, a series of self-contained song-and-dance sequences that could be cut apart and played forever on MTV -- which is probably what will happen. 
very_bad Was this sequel really necessary? Nope. 
terrible A sequel with no understanding of what made its predecessor work. 
very_bad Saturday Night Fever through the eyes of Stallone. 
terrible So horrific are the musical sequences in this movie that you'll swear you were having nightmares directed by Satan himself. 
terrible 1.5 
very_bad More like staying dead...a monotonous and unnecessary sequel that has all the grace and flow of a greased hog on rollerskates 
terrible The words 'directed by Sylvester Stallone' say it all. 
very_bad This film constantly falls flat on its face. 
best Put in short, the film is chaos, but glorious, wondrous chaos that lets us see what genius looks like from the inside. 
best I'm attaching four stars more out of helplessness than critical acumen, by the way; if the film is beyond language, it's certainly beyond a traditional rating system. 
bad Throughout this enigmatic film's short running time, I couldn't for the life of me make out what Godard was trying to say. 
fair If this kind of synaptic brainstorm sounds like an invigorating cinematic experience, I'm here to tell you that watching Goodbye to Language on a big screen will be 70 minutes well spent. 
best The single film from 2014 that most actively tries to find a new language for filmmakers to inhabit, and honestly, it might be the most consistently captivating one as well. 
good The reason to buy a ticket is to take the ride, though, and seeing what 84-year-old Godard does when given an extra dimension is intensely fascinating. 
good Jean-Luc Godard is the acknowledged mascot, if not master, of intellectual cinema. In "Goodbye to Language 3D" the 84-year-old auteur... reprises his longstanding suspicion that words are worthless. 
very_good Shooting on various low- and medium-grade digital cameras, Godard turns "Goodbye to Language" into a rumination on memory, communication, everyday life and sexual tension. 
good Even at a brisk 70 minutes, Goodbye to Language is dense with too many ideas and innovations to unpick on one viewing. 
bad Compared with Captain America or whatever, Goodbye is "revolutionary." But so what? 
very_good It leaves me almost speechless, slightly mystified, strangely wistful and perhaps with a mild case of eye strain, but delighted nonetheless. 
terrible "Goodbye to Language" seems like an appropriate title if it's meant to suggest that logic and sanity have completely disappeared from this world. 
fair Reviews of Jean-Luc Godard's latest film... generally include the phrase "not for everybody." So the potential viewer has to ask herself or himself: "Am I everybody?" Turns out I'm not. 
bad There's a lot to unpack here, but even if you're just staring slackjawed, like an idiot who will figure this all out later, it can be a lot of actual, honest-to-god fun - and usually very funny. 
very_good Watching it is, I would imagine, as close as we'll get to being able to be Godard, sitting there thinking, or dreaming. It's a documentary of a restless mind. 
terrible Lots of luck figuring any of this out before dozing off. 
bad At 83, Godard continues to push boundaries, even if his latest movie may baffle all but the most devoted film theorists. 
bad It is there to jolt, to challenge, to disrupt: the old Brechtian imperative. 
good The innovation raises the spirits, but gives you a splitting headache. That's how it is with Godard, who revels in his dreams so willfully that the results are frequently frustrating and opaque. 
terrible Goodbye to Language can be oddly, ineffably mesmerising, though for those of us who appreciate the notion of storytelling will leave rather unfulfilled 
good The elder filmmaker's take on our world of separations and alienation. 
best Cinema is a vernacular of domination, and quaking with revelations both formal and personal, the film attests that Godard has spent his career apologizing for it. 
fair It's something of a miracle that a filmmaker still has the capacity to wow an audience with the aid of those bulky glasses. 
good Aside from anything else, Godard has made the most striking use of 3D since that unlovely medium came back into vogue. 
good The master still knows what he is doing even if we often don't. 
very_good In a world in which eight nearly identical Friday the 13th movies offer the adventures of Jason the ax-murderer as entertainment for teen-agers, maybe we do need this sobering alternative. 
good A powerful, original look at the hopeless urban underclass in the American city, where lost people nibble at the garbage of our culture -- in a kind of perverse application of the "trickle-down" theory -- hating themselves and us all the while. 
best McNaughton's rough, non-judgemental direction gives the film a stylishly chilling documentary feel, while the killer's use of a camcorder asks some challengingly uncomfortable questions about voyeurism and the nature of screen violence. 
bad The film is an honest and disturbing attempt to come to grips with the sort of modern horror that we must -- more urgently every day -- try to understand. 
good This movie is not really about a killer, but about killing -- the way killing is depicted in the movies and the way movie audiences have been conditioned to react to such violence. 
best The difference between John McNaughton's incredibly chilling film and the usual serving of screen carnage is the difference between the mind of a murderer and the cynical and manipulative depiction of mindless murder. 
good McNaughton's direction combines a strict social realism with a cool, Fritz Langian sense of pre-determination, while his work with actors has the improvisational freshness of a John Cassavetes. 
very_good The film is diabolically driven by Michael Rooker, who embodies the fractured, disconnected personality of Henry. 
good The flipside of the '80s teen slasher genre, John McNaughton's movie manages to go beyond the disquieting, distressing or even disturbing. It's downright dismaying. 
good From a technical standpoint, Henry is amateurish. But ultimately it's not the gilded frame that made it a modern horror classic, but its unblinking portrait of a remorseless killer who stares back at the audience and forces them to turn away. 
good This is sicko territory with a vengeance but certainly has an impact. 
bad Certainly not for everyone, but if slasher movies are your cup of tea this is a lot better than most, and the use of Chicago locations is especially effective. 
good Genuinely frightening. 
bad A genuinely upsetting film that's guaranteed to make you more paranoid. 
bad Longe de tracar o "retrato de um assassino", o filme apela para o choque barato, mas evita o fracasso absoluto em funcao da forca das performances de Rooker, Towles e Arnold. 
very_good As an emotional map, Henry is decidedly raw, personal, and unrelenting. 
bad Chilling. 
best Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer surely ranks as one of the most frightening and disturbing films ever made. 
bad There are still some shocks. 
best John McNaughton's haunting film is a grim journey into the life of its twisted subject that refuses to moralise or judge. 
best Henry Lee Lucas was mostly a liar in real life, but that doesn't stop the movie from being one truly disturbing journey/ 
good Henry is a glimpse into the void that will chill, terrify and haunt you with the infinite evil in the hearts of ordinary people. 
fair Part of the time it's art house cinema, the rest of the time its horror schlock. 
best Unflinching, rough, and ugly. Also a damn good movie. 
fair I have some admiration for this film. But I also have no desire ever to see it again. 
very_good A low-budget tour de force that provides an unforgettable portrait of the pathology of a man for whom killing is not a crime but simply a way of passing time and relieving boredom. 
very_good MacNaughton's direction is extremely bland, although I don't mean that negatively: he portrays Henry in a very realistic manner, not adding any wild directing techniques to what he does, and because of this digs deeper into the character. 
good Powerful, raw, terrifying, and shocking filmmaking. 
very_bad A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith. 
bad If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film. 
bad The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface. 
fair Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures. 
bad Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes. 
bad The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be. 
good The entire film has three repetitive jokes: Dewey cut his brother in half, Dewey can't smell, and he's going to take drugs. So it's kind of amazing how well the film works. 
good Throughout his entire acting career, John C. Reilly has always played second fiddle, and his choice in movies has never really allowed him to show off his comedic talents. That is, at least, until now. 
bad ... starts out brilliantly playing with the tired tropes of musical biopics before utterly losing its way. 
good Awfully uneven, sometimes not funny at all, but John C. Reilly is so goofily sincere and Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow include enough comedic gems to make it worthwhile. 
fair Walk Hard brings the funny and a keen observational sense 
good fantastic fun 
bad Como satira as inumeras e formulaicas cinebiografias de musicos celebres, o filme funciona maravilhosamente bem. Pena que recaia com tanta frequencia na parodia, que peca por um exagero que embaracaria ate mesmo o trio Zucker-Abraham-Zucker. 
good Walk Hard is not making a mockery of the music or the musicians. It only playfully takes the teases the filmmakers and the conventions that have developed in telling these tortured artists' stories. It's only Matinee price because it is occasionally a l 
good You'll laugh hard during "Walk Hard." 
bad This biopic rocks - well, the first half does. 
good Another comedy winner; if you have to ask why, it's because it involves the Knocked Up guy. Hilarious - even the Beatles bit, this looks set to be a hit. 
very_bad Some laughs, but you expect more from Apatow. 
very_bad A dismal indulgence. 
bad Knocked up hurriedly, you feel, in between Apatow's other projects, Walk Hard is the feted writer-producer's first fumble. As Spinal Tap's Nigel Tufnel might have put it, this one only goes to two-and-a-half. 
good Reilly, one of our best supporting actors graduating to star status, finally bound for glory. 
bad The one area where 'Walk Hard' does manage to hold its own against classics of the genre such as 'This is Spinal Tap' or 'Sweet and Lowdown' is the music, all of which is expertly written and performed. 
bad John C Reilly just about holds together a funny but patchy comedy that puts a ten-megaton bomb under the cliched rock biopic - and never detonates it. 
good The musical biopic gets a much-needed smackdown in the fitfully hilarious Walk Hard 
good The latest from the Apatow comedy factory abandons the relative realism of 'Knocked Up' and 'Superbad' for Mad Magazine-esque, 'Airplane!'-style spoofery... 
very_good ...this is the best batch of songs written for a comedy since Paul Williams penned the tunes for "Ishtar." 
fair There are certainly a lot of laugh-out-loud moments, which is more than can be said about a lot of alleged comedies. 
fair Reilly is recklessly funny. 
good Cox rocks. 
bad Raunchy biopic parody isn't for younger teens. 
very_bad It's afraid to leave its comfort zone, and its primary joke wears thin in a hurry. 
terrible Paul Rudd stole this performance in the Beatles sequence and had to be one of his best comical pieces to date. The only reason I could recommend this film is to see this scene. 
very_good This one pokes some fun at the conventions of the musical biopic genre instead of just replicating famous scenes from other films, and that's a much more satisfying way to go because it actually has a perspective on the topic. 
good This is a glorious tribute to the Shape-Shifter, a film that captures all the cliches of the musical biopic, then rises above them. 
fair Walk Hard is the kind of movie that you want to love and not just like, but liking it is good enough. 
bad Is Walk Hard funny? Sure; very much so, in places. At least I think it is. It might just be the Date Movie talking. 
very_good [It] restores the good reputation to the genre spoof, which has been so long sullied by juvenile garbage like Scary Movie. 
good Reilly is fantastic, the music is right on, and the commentary is obnoxiously accurate, so while Walk Hard may not go to 11, it's definitely worth a seven or an eight. 
bad ...an off-and-on thing...But it's on more than off... 
best With a fearless sense of silliness and a savage swipe at the conventions of the genre, it forges a brilliant parody that is relentlessly funny and musically acute 
fair Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story may have its share of flat spots, but it's also a very canny send-up of the tried-and-true genre of showbiz biopics. 
fair Walk Hard doesn't know when to quit. 
good After 'Superbad' and 'Knocked Up', Judd Apatow has now pulled off the movie equivalent of the Triple Crown. 
bad When they run out of clever ways to be funny, they fall back on their old standbys: crude, rude, nude, and lewd, which just shows that they didn't have enough material. 
fair In a season filled with so many feel-bad movies, don't underestimate the appeal of something as silly as Walk Hard. 
good There are a few too many lazy jokes played off Dewey's last name, but not nearly enough to wipe that grin off your face. 
very_good The comic brilliance of Walk Hard is so ingrained in its subject matter that it probably won't be appreciated until years after the fact. 
fair At least it's not as bad as it could have been. 
fair In a season loaded with serious films about war and loss, there's bound to be an audience out there looking for some undemanding holiday laughs. 
good This smart new spoof works because its makers...obviously love the genre they have so much fun sending up. 
good Instead of sending everything over the top at high energy, like Top Secret or Airplane!, they allow Reilly to more or less actually play the character, so that, against all expectations, some scenes actually approach real sentiment. 
good Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow lampoon the entire genre of the true-story biographical movies and fall nothing short of brilliant all the while. 
good It's the Flintstones vitamin of spoofs. 
good The songs (written by a slew of artists, including Reilly, Apatow, and Kasdan) are genuine, ridiculous, and often very funny. 
bad The result is a film that has a few winning and entertaining moments, but ultimately feels like a Will Ferrell comedy and/or a 'Saturday Night Live' skit that managed to grow out of control 
good If only for the music numbers, this movie deserves a standing ovation. Much of the credit goes to John C. Reilly, an actor with a rubbery face and the voice of an angel. 
very_bad Very funny when focused on being a parody, but goes for the cheap laughs and shock jokes too often 
good It may be utter nonsense from start to finish but at a time when your moviegoing choices are limited to deeply serious Oscar bait and silly family froth, its appearance comes as a raunchy relief. 
good This gleeful skewering of American popular music works because of the talents of director Jake Kasdan and a cast led by John C. Reilly. 
good At very best, someone will recognize the good work here by the star of the show, John C. Reilly... What's taking so long? Give the man an award already! 
bad So is it a satire or a spoof? 
good A sharp parody worthy of MAD Magazine. [It] runs through every tired showbiz biopic plot point with a shiny new skewer. 
bad ...almost entirely devoid of elements designed to hold the viewer's interest. 
good One of the awards season's silliest -- and most satisfying -- surprises. 
bad Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story has a good beat and you can dance to it, though mostly you'll probably just tap your foot. 
fair Reilly is likably goofy, which goes a long way to redeeming the film. 
fair A movie you can simply walk out of, say 'That was really funny,' and go back to your day. 
fair While "Walk Hard" makes for a fine soundtrack, it's less entertaining as a movie. 
good A bawdy, rib-tickling, anything-goes spoof of such recent music biopics as Ray and Walk the Line, and here's the kicker--it's actually a better movie than both of those. 
fair [An] erratic, but enjoyable goof from the Judd Apatow hit-making machine. 
bad An SNL sketch may have been a better vehicle for such a spoof. On the big screen, it ends up having a film life of its own becoming a music bio pic in order to sustain. 
fair John C. Reilly is not anyone's idea of a leading man (which is part of the spoof, people). 
good Walk Hard is 100 minutes of fun, and for pure, uncomplicated enjoyment, it's the movie to see right now. 
very_good Reilly, imitating early Beatles, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan and Brian Wilson, shows more range than ever in the role that should catapult him into the A-list. 
very_bad There's a laziness to the entire affair, as if the writers never went further than a first draft and never found anything unfunny enough to trim or remove. 
good Milks the pat formulations of its brethren, such as Walk the Line, for all the laughs they're worth. And then some. 
good It's the role of a lifetime for Reilly, who plays Cox from a teenager to an old man (older actors playing kids are a running joke). 
good Never stops sprinting from its snickering start to that big finish. 
good That the picture walks and sometimes crosses the line into the products it parodies is a measure of its zealous thoroughness and also its central pitfall. 
best Rolls out a procession of one-liners, toe-tappingly hilarious songs, stunning sight gags and dead-on parodies, all with tear-inducing humor, providing an easy ride to comic bliss. 
very_good Reilly has an absolute sincerity - especially in the many musical numbers - that's essential for something this goofy. 
bad That savory mix of satire and sentiment that worked well in Apatow's two summer hits is largely missing here. 
fair Walk Hard is a disposable film that offers its share of small pleasures and amusements. 
very_good The songs are as great as the story is cute and imaginative. 
good Raunchy, often hysterical parody of overplayed musical biopics ironically sags just when its targets do but hits several right notes thanks to the sturdy presence of John C. Reilly as a none-too-subtle riff on the Man in Black. 
good A rambunctious and funny musical spoof of musical biopics starring John C. Reilly. 
good The genius of Jake Kasdan's fourth and best film lies in the fact that it starts out as a very faithful spoof of Walk the Line but then slowly evolves into something much cooler. 
fair The film gets some mileage out of mocking fatuous biopic conventions. 
good Making parodies can be easy, but Kasdan, Apatow and their wonderful cast take their jobs seriously. 
good Cox rocks and Apatow's streak continues in this spot-on biopic parody. 
fair The tricky thing about parody movies is that the jokes get old fast and they're hit-and-miss. Walk Hard is guilty on both counts. How lucky that when the jokes do hit, they kick major ass. 
good Hey, bay-buh! There's a whole lot of funny goin' on in Walk Hard. It's got sex and drugs and Elvis and giraffes and Members Only jackets. 
good The pugnacious John C. is gifted and knows no bounds. Walking hard, for him... effortless. 
best While the script and the performances are simply dazzling, it is notable, too, for the screen debuts of Timothy Dalton and a combustible Anthony Hopkins. 
best O'Toole holds his own with the magnificent Hepburn in a witty, literate, and inventive script. 
good It's stagey and mannered, but it still feels sleek and modern. 
best Peter O'TOole and Katharine Hepburn are superb as the bickering, yet loving Henry II and his meddling wife Eleanor of Aquitaine. 
best One of the joys which movies provide too rarely is the opportunity to see a literate script handled intelligently. The Lion in Winter triumphs at that difficult task... 
good You'll either love or reject the idea of history as sitcom; either way, the lead performances are hard to deny. 
very_bad Boring and overrated. Good acting. 
good Theatrical and talky, but it's good talk by great performers. 
good The cast is truly in top form. Hepburn and O'Toole play off of each other beautifully. 
good Less historical spectacle than vicious farce, this boasts a great cast spitting venomous dialogue and a young Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as gay lovers destined to rule England and France. 
good Fascinating story too complex for young viewers. 
good It's a good movie. It's just not a movie for which I can work up much personal enthusiasm. 
good Bio-pic chronicles quadriplegic Ramon's Sampredo's 28-year crusade to legalize euthanasia in order that he be allowed to die with dignity. 
good The film is worth seeing, but only if you're prepared to set aside your aversion to its polemic in order to experience its compassion. 
good An intelligent and moving treatment of a potentially maudlin subject matter. 
very_good The result, as imagined by Amenabar, who co-wrote the screenplay with Mateo Gil, is like watching the human spirit flash before your eyes. 
best Javier Bardem gives a remarkable, delicately honed performance. 
good Rare is the motion picture which grapples with issues this provocative and profound. Rarer still is one which does so this well. 
fair Respectable but undistinguished, and it places a distant second to 2004's other award winner about euthanasia (don't ask, won't tell). 
very_good Bardem's performance, a true triumph of face acting, imbues the character with simultaneous impish mischief and weary resignation. 
very_good It's curious that the assisted-suicide debate over a late plot twist in Million Dollar Baby didn't rage over this one. After all, Amenabar is dealing with a real life. 
best A lyrical and warm film. 
best If ever there was a film that deserved to get the proverbial bump from Oscar, this is it. Rarely has any film so focused on death felt so vibrantly alive. 
fair Built around Bardem's immobile presence, the film can't help but seem stolidly monumental even as it explores issues that are heart-wrenchingly personal. 
good Un viaje doloroso, claro, pero cargado de esperanza y optimismo. (...)Amenabar (...) ha hecho una pelicula sobre el deseo de morir que, en realidad, esta llena de vida. 
best The journey to death can be tremendously life-affirming. 
fair Bardem contributes layers of weariness and passion that gives us a visceral understanding of the life his character is mourning for. 
good What really makes the film watchable is yet another terrific lead performance by Javier Bardem, an actor who only gets better with age. 
good While Bardem delivers Sampedro's pleas for a dignified death with eloquence and conviction, Amenabar's depiction of that life suggests the director isn't entirely convinced. 
very_good The Sea Inside is a heartbreaking triumph. And Alejandro Amenabar is poised to become one of cinema's great talents. 
very_good For whatever reason, it's an injustice that Bardem was not nominated for best actor. 
good Mar Adentro, assim como a propria vida de Sampedro, funciona principalmente para nos forcar a uma analise interior que pode revelar-se impiedosa e surpreendente. 
good Impressively made drama that is both moving and thought-provoking, thanks to a strong script and a powerful central performance by Javier Bardem. 
good A brave and densely compelling film that tackles euthanasia better than Flint Sweatwood in Zillion Gallor Maybe. I promise no spoilers. 
very_good Ultimately, this is one man's story, told with great empathy, and Amenabar deserves great credit for lifting the film above the soap-opera sentimentality into which it could have easily fallen. 
fair It has a striking deficit. It tends to generalize from too winning a single case. 
good Amenabar shows us the aching depth of Sampedro's loss and makes his most eloquent statement on behalf of a man who only wanted control of his destiny. 
very_good In death is found a profound argument for life. 
good A deceptively well-put-together film. 
very_good The combination of a deeply troubling issue, a powerful screenplay, deft direction and a bravura lead performance make this a memorable and moving film. 
very_bad It comes as no surprise to learn that Javier Bardem, the virile and charismatic Spanish actor, is capable of turning on the charisma even working only from the neck up. What is alarming is realizing that the rest of the movie he's in is paralyzed as well. 
best A magical film about many forms of love and about the energy of life. 
good Never once does this film sacrifice its moral ideas or complexity of character on the cheap altar of sentimentality. 
good What could have been a preachy biopic becomes poetry in the hands of the gifted director and writer and editor and composer Alejandro Amenabar. 
bad It's very simple and streamlined, and all that's left is Bardem's bid for Oscar glory. 
very_bad A miserable little gimp-of-the-week exercise awash with cliches and platitudes that the real Sampedro would probably have found condescending. 
very_bad Bardem tackles the juicy acting challenge of playing someone paralyzed from the neck down by... simply pasting an obnoxiously smug, serial killer-creepy grin on his mug. 
best Bardem still manages to fill the room with his presence, and he deeply moves us with his portrayal of this man who's learned "to cry with a smile". 
best This film balances moments of dreamy spirituality with the salty harshness of family disputes. 
bad You want to like Ramon and what's more you want Ramon to like himself. 
good For the most part, the film stays steady-on, celebrating one man's crusade -- and one family's heartbreak. 
very_good That a film about euthanasia can also be so life-affirming is astounding, and it mostly can be attributed to Bardem's genius. 
fair The result isn't an easy film, but it is rewarding. 
very_good Focuses on life, not death, and in doing so establishes the sanctity of individual ownership of an existence. 
very_good This is a sublime drama, one that, for all its concern for Sampedro's struggle for death, is truly a celebration of life. 
fair It's still just a soap opera, wrapped around an argument. And it's one we've heard half-a-dozen times before. 
best Based on a true story, the movie has abundant humor and uplift -- but it's a heartbreaker of extraordinary dimension. 
fair The film is based on a true story, but that doesn't stop Amenabar from inventing certain characters and incidents to further his tearjerker agenda -- and court Oscar voters, who love this kind of high-toned schmaltz. 
good Bardem gives Sampedro enough vulnerability, fear and touchiness to keep the character's limp feet on the ground. 
good The movie invites us to decide if we are pleased or not. I agree with Ramon that, in the last analysis, the decision should be his to make: to be or not to be. 
bad It's such a repetitive and thinly constructed piece of filmmaking that the scope and complexity of Sampedro's case are turned to porridge. 
good Bardem is brilliant. 
very_good Amenabar's lyricism and Bardem's keen projection of dignified commitment enable The Sea Inside movingly to evoke humanity affronted... 
fair Javier Bardem delivers another terrific performance (this guy can do no wrong). He transforms into a man 30 years his senior, and he's totally believable. 
bad It is engaging, but not penetrating. 
good [Takes] viewers to a place they won't feel comfortable in but should spend at least a little time exploring. 
best It's a potent blend of emotional and cerebral filmmaking anchored by what may be the year's most impressive performance by the supremely talented Bardem. 
very_good Without lifting a finger, Javier Bardem gives the most stirring performance of the year. 
very_good One of the most profound and uplifting dramas of the year. 
very_good Bardem, who continues to make a good case that he is among a handful of the best screen actors alive, is totally transformed. 
bad The Sea Inside, the story of a quadriplegic activist fighting for the right to die, struggles to transcend the disease-of-the-week genre to which it belongs. 
good Bardem accomplishes something extraordinary. Eschewing easy sympathy, he creates a real person, real pain. 
good A truly unique and thought-provoking love story that showcases another career-defining performance by the talented Javier Bardem 
very_bad a vanity project that, from top to bottom, proves unequal to the task of unlocking the existential truths at the heart of Ramon Sampedro's story 
very_good Amenabar maintains a low-key approach that preserves the film's emotional integrity while still making a powerful statement. 
best The Sea Inside is one of the best films of the year with a bravura performance by Javier Bardem that is both tender and poignant. 
best The Sea Inside is an inspiring, positively mesmerizing film. Javier Bardem, radiates within his character providing one of film's most powerful performances to date. 
very_good Superb filmmaking and devastating performances make it a must-see 
good A manipulative melodrama wrapped up in a nice package with an attractive bow. 
best A film about death that is consistently brimming with life. 
very_bad The Sea Inside is a four-hankie salute to the Oscar gods! 
good It's Bardem's acting that makes it easy enough to overlook the film's occasional jaunts into melodrama... 
best Complemented with a gorgeous musical score which he conducted, Amenabar and Bardem combine to tell such a beautiful story 
very_good The subject of euthanasia is not likely to be better addressed or more cinematically presented. It's enough to make you feel guilty about the film's entertainment values. 
very_good Oscar talk will start early for Javier Bardem's masterly performance here. 
good Un poema hermoso de forma y fondo. 
best Crowe's interpretation of this tortured genius is textured and complex. 
best A Beautiful Mind is the best film yet from director Howard. 
bad Crowe is convincingly skittish and bounces enjoyably off Paul Bettany, while Jennifer Connelly earns her Oscar in the would-be thankless role of suffering wife. But this is as dishonest as Hollywood biography gets. 
bad A Beautiful Mind reveals only glimpses of the dark story beneath its sunny imagery, but the performances carry enough weight for it to stand for something. 
bad Tthe film's overweening desire to be taken seriously gets in the way of the story. 
good Cynics will hate it, but others will rightfully see it as a great cinematic accomplishment which is backed by excellent performances, great direction, a moving score and exquisite cinematography. 
best Oscar-winning biopic is too intense for tweens. 
best Crowe, Goldsman and Howard aren't trying to solicit love or tears for John Nash, as detractors bitterly claimed. "A Beautiful Mind" sought only acknowledgement of the silent, invisible and brave struggle that so many with mental illnesses endure each day. 
good I can't deny how solidly it's crafted, how well-acted, and, wonder of wonders, how intelligently written and directed. 
very_good I particularly enjoyed the fact that Nash comes across as quite fallible in the film despite his attempts at perfection. His character in the film is as unpredictable as I would expect the real Nash to be. 
bad If this were fiction, it would be an example of superior storytelling, and it's certainly gripping. 
bad A pedestrian film with a rudimentary script that forces the actors to create believability where there might otherwise be none. 
best In every facet, it should have an automatic date with Oscar. 
best Crowe...disappears into the character just as he did when he played tobacco whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand in The Insider. 
very_good ... Crowe disappears into the role of John Nash and proves again that he is one of today's most versatile actors. 
good This film is a puzzlement in its inconsistency, especially coming from Ron Howard...Still, good performances abound. 
bad 'As straightforward fiction, this is solid feelgood fare, but the fact that it's based on a real person, real success and failure opens it up to far greater scrutiny.' 
best The film shows the triumph and tragedy of life, as well as the beauty of the human spirit to overcome and survive. 
terrible Both Nash and the audience deserve better. 
bad Well-made film with some deservedly Oscar-nominated performances -- it takes some shocking liberties with its subject matter but remains engaging and enjoyable throughout. 
best Howard smashes through the conventions of the damaged-hero tale to recount the struggle of one man to stand upright on quaking ground. 
fair Crowe's performance alone is worth the admission price. 
very_good A Beautiful Mind is at its best when its subject is at his worst. 
good Formula Hollywood at the top of its form. 
good This is a lovely film, crafted with attention to detail and assembled with real skill. 
fair The acting is what truly shines here. 
very_good Emotiva, personal y entranable, es un triunfo en todos sentidos. 
very_good A beautiful mind, a beautiful heart - a beautiful movie. 
best Nash and Alicia are played by Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly, both of whom give performances that border on the spectacular. Neither has ever been better or created a richer, more multi-layered characterization. 
best Ron Howard consegue transformar ate mesmo a matematica em algo emocionante. 
very_good Russell Crowe, el Gladiador de la pantalla ofrece sin lugar a dudas, la mejor actuacion de su carrera. 
best It's a performance that's not just great; it's amazing. 
very_good If you watch it with your heart instead of your head you'll be privy to a profoundly moving experience. 
good I really wish the last third had been less sketchy, because before it the movie had seemed to be building to greatness 
fair Pedantic and sophistic. 
best Here's hoping that the Academy Awards recognize this articulate, intensely entertaining gem. A Beautiful Mind would indeed be a terrible thing to waste. 
good Quite possibly could be the best thing Ron Howard has ever directed. 
fair The strength of the film arises in the second half. 
best A grand Hollywood drama. 
very_good An absorbing movie from start to finish. 
good Who'd have thought algebra could be so exciting? 
best There's no mathematical equation that can produce the number of stars this film deserves; it's infinite. 
bad It's the kind of project that should have been awarded to a writer-director team of true vision, and not to Akiva Goldsman and Ron Howard. 
good The first two acts of the film are strong enough to merit a recommendation, as is the consistently impressive work of Connelly. 
good Howard makes it much more bearable by keeping the tension to a maximum and the potential for nausea to a minimum. 
very_bad The most interesting thing about this film is figuring out where all the Oscar buzz is coming from. 
bad Opie may know how to spin a good fable, but he's no match for this brilliant, complicated couple. 
good This might have been a great film, if director Ron Howard had been more daring both in terms of the film's perspective and its style. 
good A triumph of the cinematic spirit. 
good Director Ron Howard uses interesting visual techniques to show how Nash makes his amazing mathematical connections. 
fair Where the film attempts to visualize Nash's thought, it is not perfect but does a very interesting job. 
good Russell Crowe steals the show as John Nash, the 1994 Nobel Prize winner for economics 
best A must-see for film junkies. 
good In a good cast, Jennifer Connelly earns your complete admiration. 
good As strong a performance as Russell Crowe has ever delivered. 
very_good an engaging, rousing, well-made film about a brilliant man whose life was almost completely devastated by mental illness 
terrible I really don't know who I would recommend this film to. It's worth seeing for Crowe's performance, I guess, but for pity's sake don't pay anything for it. 
very_good All the pieces are there and Ron Howard fits them all together as if playing the perfect game of Go. 
best Crowe proves he's the pre-eminent actor of the moment, discarding his gladiatorial macho to inhabit the gawky, tormented Nash with harrowing conviction. 
best As bold and searingly imaginative as it is substantive. 
best The complexity of the brain -- and its effect on human behavior -- has seldom been explored with as much lyrical passion and engrossing intensity. 
good Crowe and Connelly's work rises above the mush. 
good Howard gives Crowe the space he needs to build a memorable character. 
very_good A deeply eloquent film with sparkling performances by both Crowe and Connelly. 
very_good A Beautiful Mind is one hell of a movie. 
very_good A brilliant performance by Russell Crowe, who takes his audience on a terrifying journey inside a man tormented by self-created mental demons, propels A Beautiful Mind. 
bad A play for the fickle attentions of middlebrow moviegoers looking for an easy cause they can champion. 
good Roger Deakins' handsome cinematography gives the film the look of a leather-bound classic. What keeps Mind from greatness, though, is some awkwardness in the screenplay, and the film's odd relationship with the true story of John Nash. 
best Nicely filmed by Roger Deakins and magnificently performed by Crowe, who never fails to surprise. 
best Terrific, surprisingly gripping true-life tale of a math genius battling madness. 
fair In the hands of a better director than Ron Howard, such a protean mix of reason and madness could have made for a tale of Shakespearean complexity. Instead, all we get is a feel-good flick. 
best The movie fascinated me about the life of this man. 
very_good One of Hollywood's very few really classy or ambitious offerings this year. 
very_good Fascinating, clever and surprisingly heartfelt, A Beautiful Mind is easily one of this year's best films. 
good Goldsman's script fictionalizes the bare framework of Nash's life in a way that sneaks us into the mind of a madman. 
best Fascinating, inspiring, Oscar-worthy. 
very_good Inspirational to be sure, tightly-wound and secure with outstanding performances, this film is likely to please audiences all over the place. 
very_good Much as I admired the performance and the intelligent script, I couldn't help thinking of how much money a schizophrenic can save on movies! 
good The success of this effect, which helps elevate the movie above a classy disease-of-the-week saga, rests firmly on Russell Crowe's performance, and it's a strikingly good and moving one. 
very_good Though director Ron Howard's populist style makes its first third feel simplistic and forced, the film deepens in the final two acts, and proves worthy of its unique and difficult material as the credits roll. 
very_good Shows us the joys and terrors of seeing things that others can't. 
very_bad The humor of his rough-edged socializing and courting make a much more interesting film than that which "Beautiful Mind" actually becomes ... a psychological thriller. 
good What it lacks in ingenuity, "A Beautiful Mind" makes up for in superb performances, potent emotions and graceful, emblematic (if safe and conventional) filmmaking. 
good Ron Howard's relentlessly sunny direction is an unusual fit for this often fascinating portrayal of one of our century's great math minds. 
very_good A beautifully written, effectively acted, and meticulously crafted effort. 
best Through enormously convincing performances, a masterful screenplay, and aggressive direction, this movie takes us on an extraordinary journey into the mind of a fascinating character. 
good In a performance that wavers between deserving an Oscar nomination and one that's overacted in the hopes of getting one, Russell Crowe delivers an intense performance as Nash. 
bad A frequently disappointing cut-and-paste job...it fails to find any sort of smooth rhythm or dramatic arc. 
fair [Crowe's performance is] still one of the better roles you'll see all year and seems a shoo-in for a Hanks-like third nomination in a row. 
terrible A Beautiful Mind is like a brick to the head to anyone who ever winced at the utterance of "infinity plus one." 
good An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career. 
good The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth. Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal. 
good Milland's sinister sophistication catches the eye, but Kelly's subtly shaded suffering is superb. 
bad Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice, a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife. Still, Grace Kelly is mis-cast (or misdirected) as the spouse in question. 
good The depth of focus, framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable "perfect crime" nail-biter. 
good The set-up is ingenious and the "kill" scene genuinely thrilling. 
good Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose. 
bad Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique. 
bad Despite Hitchcock's own reservations this is definitely worth a look. Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns. 
good A tightly wound psychological parlour game, expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots. 
very_good Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock, yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it. 
bad Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock's razor-sharp direction. 
good ...a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock... 
good In Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder, even the innocent have poker faces. 
very_good Lower case Hitch, but diverting and sleek. 
fair While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life. 
best Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical, psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits. But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic 
bad Not first-class Hitchcock, but not bad, either 
fair This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock's standards. 
fair A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller. 
very_good A rare and exciting experience. 
good [Hitchcock] tried once before, in Rope, to build up a whole continuous drama in one set. He wasn't as successful in that venture. Dial M has all the space it needs. 
bad Although its low-key realism is admirable, Eden doesn't really work. 
good To say it is bleak is an understatement. But it will make a lot of people reassess their marriages and decide that, in comparison, they're not so bad after all. 
good Eden is a sad, nicely observed study of a decade-old marriage that, for the most part, is over. 
bad Walsh and Kelly are the embodiment of domestic despair, fumbling to find their way back into the light. 
bad As drama, it's a chore. 
bad An Irish indie that is well-observed and well-acted -- but ultimately, not much more exciting than the love lives of its lead characters. 
bad Adapting a play by Eugene O'Brien, director Declan Recks has made a remarkably interior movie anchored by two heartbreakingly real, lived-in performances. 
bad Eden is a picture so modest and minor-key that the emotional bruise it leaves may take days to develop. 
fair The kind of small movie that's all too easy to overlook, but even easier to like once you've seen it. 
very_bad Despite the fine performances, it might have been a better idea just to leave this one to the theatre where it was probably better suited. 
bad It's a tired conceit, but Kelly does a fine turn as an emotionally stunted lad, while Walsh dazzles, expertly conveying humiliation and resolve. 
fair like channeling Mike Leigh or John Cassavetes in bringing this marital drama to the screen. 
bad Seemingly in an effort to make up for O'Brien's anemic script, Recks energizes the slow-moving tale with nonstop distracting camerawork. 
bad A story of a psychological phenomenon that might be prevalent in lots of marriages, but an unenlightened approach makes for an unlikely Eden. 
very_good Eden is almost achingly personal, and it's a testament to the small-but-powerful Irish film industry that tiny little personal stories like this one get funding. 
terrible Really awful. Unwatchably awful. As in, "Give it the Razzie now and be done with it" awful. 
terrible Forget the title. "Accidental Release" is more like it. 
bad Accidental Love did not have a smooth production process, and it shows in the stitched-together final product. 
terrible So flimsily constructed that it resembles a middle-school play that's been hastily filmed on an antique camcorder. 
very_bad Dark comedy about brain injury falls flat; some sexy stuff. 
bad Accidental Love appears to have hints of David O. Russell's original social commentary, but the film wastes its potential on annoying slapstick set pieces. 
bad For a certain type of viewer, though, rooting through Accidental Love seeking tattered remnants of Nailed has a masochistic appeal of its own. 
best Amounts to the most convincing cinematic case yet that unconditional peace ought to be an urgent imperative. 
good One of the more balanced portraits of the war -- if for no other reason than it shows what everyday life is like for Muslims and Iraqis since the U.S. invasion began. 
fair Shiley feels the need to add commentary to moments that speak perfectly well for themselves. 
bad Shiley, who dedicates his film to all those killed and injured in the war, is a fallible narrator. 
good Mazursky was lucky to get four such excellent performers working on his project, for the movie lives and dies based on their ability to quietly suggest the inner workings of a human mind. 
best The genius of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice is that it understands the peculiar nature of the moral crisis for Americans in this age group, and understands that the way to consider it is in a comedy. 
very_bad Oh so hip then.Oh so dull now. 
bad Love this campy retro-stuff! 
good Top-notch vampire story and newspaper comedy that spawned a top-notch sequel and series. 
good One of the scarier made-for-TV movies. 
very_good Outlaw Prophet is a work of warped genius that has to be seen to be believed. 
terrible Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not worth telling ... the filmmaking is so hopelessly uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent is somehow not its most glaring flaw. 
terrible As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart." 
very_bad Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines. 
bad Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts. 
terrible It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description. Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible. 
terrible A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once. 
good A funnier-than-expected, thrillingly accurate assessment of what makes a night out in Los Angeles such a nightmare. 
best Never has party life in Los Angeles been better represented and The Boys and Girls Guide to Getting Down is definitely one of the best party movies ever. 
good Topnotch film noir 
fair No Way Out borrows the template for socially conscious filmmaking from both Gentlemen's Agreement and Crossfire: it's half noir, half sermon. 
good Rip-snortin', old-fashioned Western, with understated McCrea and hammy Stanwyck a great team. 
very_bad Overrated and nauseating. 
good Excellent performances in this New Zealand import 
good One of the year's best films. Totally unforgettable. 
good A gut-grabber from New Zealand ... that stays with you for days. 
very_bad As often happens when films are intent on getting a message across, Once Were Warriors can't stop itself from overdoing things. 
good It is a painful and very effective tale about the destructive power of abuse, rape, alcoholism, and violence in general that easily transcends its New Zealand origin. 
very_good Heartbreaking, frustrating, an observation of domestic violence and a tribute to the wives who ultimately refuse to remain victims. 
good The film's searing performances are matched by the lovely camerawork of cinematographer Stuart Dryburgh. 
good Everything about this powerful, poignant film makes it a must-see experience, if you have the stomach for it. 
very_good It is powerful and chilling, and directed by Lee Tamahori with such narrative momentum that we are swept along in the enveloping tragedy of the family's life. 
very_good Works, to some degree, on three levels: the visceral, the emotional, and the intellectual, and it is the amalgamation of these that makes this a memorable film. 
very_bad Children of the corn in the Hood 
terrible Home is a blithering mess, devoid of internal narrative logic, mired in obnoxious humor, and so poorly paced that its 94 minute run-time felt like it was over two hours long. 
good It's a family-friendly movie about, well, family. 
bad Even by DreamWorks standards, the celebrities in this go-round are especially awful, and the music cues particularly distracting. 
bad Again, there is nothing all that terrible about this movie (unless you find Parsons' voice to be grating, then you are in big trouble) but you might be overwhelmed by its averageness. 
very_bad The kindest word that comes to mind is "undistinguished." Unfortunately, it's also uninteresting and uninspired - as well as tedious, noisy, obvious, annoying... 
bad A few nods and winks don't add enough adult appeal to Home 
fair "Home" is a fine selection for a second quarter film and a great choice for your children. 
very_bad Kids will be entertained by the perpetual motion of Home, while most adults in the theater will tune out or glance at the watch every few minutes. 
bad Familiarly fanciful, featuring the most benign aliens ever to invade Earth. 
very_bad Heartwarming and harmless? Sure, why not. But it's also numbing in its simplicity and often rather annoying. 
very_good 'Home' is cheerfully aimed for youngsters, mainly those under 10. It's simplistic and slapstick. It doesn't make any original or profound statements. 
bad It's like being conquered by accountants. 
bad Home is more of a blip than an alert, more of a whisper than a bang. 
bad Home is a colorful and entertaining CGI adventure, but weighed down by an uneven and shallow story, falls short of animated greatness. 
bad the most adorable alien invasion you'll likely see 
bad Another conspicuously packaged product seemingly designed to wear down an audience more than entertain it. While wee ones won't notice, they probably won't remember Home by the time the car ride gets them back to the real thing. 
fair It's not pixel-pushing artistry in DreamWorks Animation's latest that will win over audiences, rather it's the film's timeless traits of sincerity and originality. 
bad Animated alien comedy is sweet, cute, if not super original. 
good It's not home sweet home but Home is a pretty good family flick and it's short and tight enough to keep young kids from squirming in their seats. 
bad This Close Encounters of the Cowardly Kind-tale is a fun--albeit hit or miss--diversion. 
fair Death by cuteness. 
very_bad Parsons does everything he can to win over the audience, and Rihanna should stick to singing. 
fair ...a charming entertainment for children that should amuse the adults that have to accompany them. 
fair Adorable and intensely creepy all at once. Despite what it may sound like, "Home" is, at its core, a movie about friendship, family and acceptance. It's really rather sweet. And ominous. 
fair Parsons delivers this tongue-twisting patter with a happy eagerness that is both amusing and ingratiating. 
fair The second half of Home works with a solid and emotionally-satisfying ending. If only the whole movie was that way. 
fair Aside from Parsons' initially amusingly mangled Yoda-like English, which gets a tad repetitive, Home doesn't stand out as fresh or particularly funny. 
fair Youngsters should be tickled pink by the colourful on-screen creations. Their elders; well, if you were a Boov you'd likely be the same shade of purple after the movie as before it. 
fair It works moderately well thanks largely to the voice talents of Jim Parsons and, to a lesser extent, Steve Martin. Two droll dudes who put a fair share of funny into this animated picture. 
bad a nice 80-minute infomercial for Rihanna's next LP 
bad Tim Johnson ( Antz) has capitalized on DreamWorks' proprietary animation platform, Apollo to create a rich, intricate setting...But the technology doesn't save the film from falling flat on other levels. 
very_bad [I]t turns out that the Boov are neither loveable nor likeable. In fact, they're kind of annoying. 
bad The bland "Home" is a crash pad at best. 
terrible Frenetic direction and supercharged cuteness pitch in to aid in the distraction, and it's almost enough to produce a kind of numbness. 
bad Although it may not be where the heart is, Home is a functional escape and shelter. 
bad Key characters are admirably diverse, but the fast-paced tale is thoroughly predictable. 
bad Home's incongruously humble vibe works well for what's at heart a buddy road movie. 
bad The film moves quickly and keeps the jokes coming, which only means that "Home" would rather keep young viewers occupied than give them something to think about. 
fair When we scratch beneath the sugary surface, there's something tart inside that's difficult to digest. 
very_bad Lazy gags, and it's been done better elsewhere. 
fair This kiddie sci-fi adaptation doesn't quite live up to its evocative title. 
good I brought a couple of my kids, who liked it fine and found the friendship at the center rather affecting. 
bad Oh and Tip may not be the most memorable animated duo, but Parsons's high-pitched squeal and the groove in Rihanna's voice bounce off each other nicely. 
bad While watching "Home," a comical animated spin on alien-attack thrillers with the usual tacked-on touchy-feely messages, I began to get bored as did the families seated around me. 
bad Only mildly annoying. 
very_bad The Gummi-colored animation is imaginative, but director Tim Johnson's ho-hum 3D cartoon remains strictly 1D. 
bad Like the timorous Boov, "Home" has little interest in risk-taking. 
fair Aimed squarely at eight-and-unders. 
bad Home doesn't sparkle enough to make the transition from kids film to modern classic... That said, Home is possibly the most cheerful alien-invasion-of-Earth film you're likely to see. 
very_bad An earnest exercise that falls flat, despite the best of intentions. 
bad "Home" is a solid double in a time when DreamWorks really needs a home run. 
very_bad Home marks a throwback to the hyperactive, pop culture-fixated DreamWorks of old, where star power alone pushes straight-to-VOD material into theatres 
very_bad Home's exposition is a mess of forced zaniness, which leaves the rest of the film with a Swiss-cheese foundation. 
very_bad Steve Martin has fun as the pompous Captain Smek, but this remains little more than colourfully inoffensive. 
bad Home has an original, convincingly satirical concept at its heart, but much of the execution feels overly familiar. 
bad It's good, clean, harmless fun. 
bad A pastel-coloured visual delight with an emphasis on soft-edges and bubbles, director Tim Johnson (Antz; Over the Hedge) aims the film squarely at kids who won't mind the regular overdoses of touchy-feely cheese. 
very_bad ...more than likely going into the DreamWorks pile of films you won't remember in five years time. 
bad ET meets Lilo & Stitch in this sweet, screwball culture clash comedy adapted from Adam Rex's children's novel The True Meaning of Smekday. 
bad This bowls along amiably enough, boosted by some astonishing visuals, but is let down by a gossamer-thin script and uninspired characters. 
very_bad Home is schematic and moralistic in the frequent manner of modern American cartoons, although the moralising doesn't entirely make sense: there are a couple of underlying metaphors that don't quite mesh. 
bad The film combines wit with mind-boggling inanity but is so brash and good-natured that it is very hard to dislike. 
very_bad The film takes the lazy route of cannibalising pop cultural references rather than coming up with decent jokes. 
bad An entertaining odd-couple comedy on very traditional lines ... 
very_bad Animation has become a crowded field, and perhaps we shouldn't always expect something out of this world, but this underdeveloped offering barely lifts itself off the drawing board. It's very, very...oh. 
very_bad Mostly harmless. 
very_bad Home does very little to be interesting or original. 
good A sharp script and especially colourful imagery make this animated romp a lot more fun than expected, entertaining grown-ups just as much as the kids... 
very_bad Inoffensive but flavourless, and crammed with familiar elements from better movies like  Lilo and Stitch ,  Toy Story  and  Despicable Me . 
very_bad Home's infantilism is a regressive step for DreamWorks, offering a sour rather than sweet experience for audiences. 
good The affecting and low-key drama skips past the usual dramatic scenes of someone who has suffered a psychotic breakdown, instead showing us the quieter but more convincing struggle of someone trying to piece his life back together afterwards. 
best Remains character-driven throughout and doesn't have a moment that rings false, pretentious or contrived. Gbenga Akinnagbe gives a genuinely heartfelt performance. If there were any justice, he'd get some awards attention. 
best great products of animation 
best Wallace & Gromit have become icons of animation. 
best Grand clay-mation. Animator Nick Park is brilliantly funny. 
fair Here's a four-word review of "The Surface": Go see "The Surface." 
terrible Charmless and boring, bears little relationship to Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale, and should in no way be mistaken for a way to satiate fans of Frozen. 
bad There's a frenetic, eye-popping quality to the visuals that forestalls the kind of emotional engagement Disney can offer, but there is some entertainment to be had here. 
very_bad Enough sequels, please! 
bad As far as sequels to mediocre movies go, this one's okay. 
very_bad Another forced and charmless sequel spawned from a surprisingly fun flick. 
good Deirdre Timmons' empowering "A Wink And A Smile" follows ten Seattle women -- a homemaker, doctor, singer, taxidermist, student and others -- as they venture forth to self discovery by learning striptease and integrating the spirit of burlesque into their 
good Elegantly shot...and nicely paced, A Wink and a Smile is most appealing in its depiction of the growing camaraderie of the students. 
terrible The movie is an excruciating documentary about ordinary women taking a burlesque class in Seattle. 
bad What Wink and a Smile lacks in controversy and provocative material it makes up with pro-women themes and humanistic storytelling. 
very_bad Just as burlesque loses most of its oomph when put on video -- no art is more dependent on the intimacy of live performance -- self-esteem trips are less compelling to hear about than to experience firsthand. 
bad self-important 
bad Timmons shortchanges them by failing to show any of the graduating acts in their entirety. Talk about a strip-tease. 
best Hurray to these lovely ladies for summoning up the courage to serve up an evening's worth of genuinely erotic, yet somehow simultaneously wholesome, adult entertainment. But enough is enough. I just pray none of them are tempted to quit their day jobs." 
bad The characters are as compelling as you will see in anything else. Banksy is his own antihero of the film, and Guetta is fascinating to watch in his obsessive glory. 
very_good Banksy exposes the con-job that is modern art for what it is. 
good Just as clever as the work of Sasha Baron Cohen, but not nearly as culturally worthwhile because it is not nearly as politically candid. 
very_bad An irritatingly misguided and pointless piece of work... 
best Those tricky questions that lie in the chasm between art and commerce are raised naturally through the progression of the narrative, whether that narrative is partially fabricated or not. 
bad Curious docu about street artists with some strong language. 
very_good The behind-the-scenes insight into the techniques of illegal street art is fascinating, as is the art-market critique.. 
good Illustrates how our insistence and abilities in judging and evaluating art are often arbitrary, contradictory, and idiotic. 
very_good After all those debates about the meaning of art ... [who] would have thought that the best and most incisive comments on the argument would have come from street-punk Banksy? 
good Regardless of its motives, Gift Shop is a superb work, one that demands the audience ask questions that don't always go down easily... 
good A strange oxymoron of a film, like a straight-faced Spinal Tap or a Man On Wire for liars. 
very_good The street artist known as Banksy is witty, he's smart, he's subversive -- and he's compelling. So it stands to reason that the street-art doc he ostensibly hijacked would be all those things, too. 
very_good The plain fact is that, on some level, it doesn't matter whether the film is true or not. Either way, it's fascinating. Either way, we learn a lot. Either way, it's a great film. 
very_good A provocative and absorbing exploration of what constitutes art, the creative process and the power of hype to triumph over talent. 
best Either way [as documentary or hoax], the movie speaks the truth about the phoniness and self-adulation of the art world %u2014 which makes it not only fascinating but essential. 
best The only thing that may keep "Exit Through the Gift Shop" from winning the Oscar next year for best documentary is that it may be totally untrue. Aside from that, it's a shoo-in. 
fair Exit Through the Gift Shop is an exhilarating and bewildering experience but like the transient art form that it is expressing, that's sort of the point. 
very_good Is Exit Through the Gift Shop a real documentary or an expert hoax? Does it really matter as long as you're laughing and thinking? 
good Is Banksy's film the next great thing in documentary filmmaking? Or are we all on the business end of an admittedly pretty good joke? You decide. 
very_good Be it documentary or mockumentary, art of graffiti, there's no denying that Exit Through the Gift Shop is damn good cinema. 
fair ...offers 90 minutes of pretty good entertainment. The fact that it may well be just one more stunt by an artist known for stunts doesn't detract in the least from the enjoyment. 
good It's endlessly arguable and open for debate. At the very least, we can all agree that Banksy has found a new wall on which to plaster his art -- that of the silver screen. 
good Is he playing us? You bet. And quite beautifully. What's exquisite about this romp of a film is figuring out just how much of a mug he's making of us. 
very_good As the documentary morphs into a riddle about art in the marketplace, the eyes of the beholder get crossed, and the dizziness is part of the fun. 
best Real or manufactured, Banksy's film is a triumphant deconstruction of the commercial bastardization of art. 
good It's a cynical statement, but a statement nonetheless. 
very_good Like Banksy's best street work, it pushes and prods our gullibility buttons and sends the mind swirling with questions of artistic authenticity and intent. 
very_good Even if you are not a fan of street art, this documentary will make you both laugh and teach you that original film making is still out there! 
good Exit Through the Gift Shop offers an absorbing glimpse of a bracingly subversive slice of the culture, as well as some tantalizing images of Banksy at work. 
very_good Exit Through the Gift Shop is inspiring, subversive and thrilling. 
very_good Exit Through the Gift Shop, credited as "A Banksy Film," poses some bitingly funny questions about the meaning and value of art. Is it in the eye of the beholder? Is it truth plus beauty? Anything you can get away with? Brainwashing? 
good Questions abound, but regardless of the verisimilitude of the film, it is highly entertaining. 
very_good The brilliantly untrustworthy documentary Exit Through the Gift Shop reminds us that a film can start out in one direction and then change course so radically, it becomes an act of provocation unto itself. 
very_good The widespread speculation that Exit Through the Gift Shop is a hoax only adds to its fascination. 
very_good This initiates a role reversal in which documentarian becomes artist and vice versa. 
best One of the best, most karmically satisfying comedies of the year, much to the chagrin of the people who are in it. 
good Appearing hooded and shrouded in silhouette, his voice electronically altered, Banksy allows that his protege's art might be "a bit of a joke." Could the tale of Guetta -- now known as Mr. Brainwash -- be an elaborate hoax? I'm happy not to be sure. 
very_good Here comes a rich smell drawn from a load of bullsh-t. 
good Exit could be a new subgenre: the prankumentary. 
good With the release of this wild new documentary, "Exit Through the Gift Shop," you have to wonder how much longer Banksy can remain an art-world phantom. 
good The picture adapts a provocative conceit, one that melds its formal construction with the ideas at its core. 
good Banksy makes an appealing narrator with a deft grasp of the questions raised. 
good A documentary on the art world may strike you as a yawn. No worries. You'll be laughing helplessly at this one. 
good Highly entertaining. 
good It's a colorful cocktail of subversiveness, self-seriousness, wonder, horror and joy. 
very_good We don't learn that much about Banksy, other than he's a lot more meticulous than his street warrior image would suggest. 
good The truth is often slippery, although no amount of signage should stop us from seeking it. 
good As entertaining as it is hard to believe. 
best A wildly entertaining, funny, suspenseful and invigorating documentary regardless of whether you're a fan of street art or not. 
good For the more you think about this unusual film, the more fascinating it becomes culturally and sociologically, dealing with notions of mania and obsession, art and commerce, hype and quality. 
best That rarest of art documentaries, one that actually leaves viewers with a better sense of the gifted versus the phony. In several senses, Banksy has created a monster. 
very_good A funny and fascinating look at an underground art movement, and how easy it is for someone with questionable amounts of talent to suddenly become a star. 
good When it comes to what Exit is selling, buyers beware. 
best It's very funny and offers an amusing take-down of the pretentiousness of the art world and the way that it can be corrupted and co-opted by big money. 
good It's a great insight into how Banksy and his ilk operate. 
good This is a deadpan-rollicking film, helped by fizzy editing and funky visuals. 
good This is splendid stuff, directed with verve and humour by Banksy who - aghast at Guetta's artistic triumph -- announces he will never make another art film. Shame. 
good Manages to be informative and very funny whilst making a genuine and intriguing point about the commercialisation of street art. 
good The film is a rousing tribute to street art, a crafty autobiography and a cheeky comment on the bravado of artists, talented or otherwise, and the gullibility of their punters - us included. 
good He could be an important artist or just a silly fad - either way, in the street and with this film, he's providing pleasure while he lasts. 
bad What's true? What's not? Is it a Banksy fabrication, a knowing stunt satirising the art world? Tellingly, there's no director credit. Whatever the truth, it's an amusing, curious documentary. 
best Slick, sharp and fantastically entertaining, this is a film that works not just as a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of helping strangers but also on a deeper level as a crafty meditation on art, its true value and our own gullibility. 
good Here I am giving Banksy the ultimate in undesired praise, a favourable review in the Left's most routinely reviled newspaper. 
bad The sense of intrigue is unmistakable, and fortunately Exit, an odd, enfolded sort of documentary, delivers on all the build-up. 
good If art-prankster Banksy's first film is a hoax, as it just might be, it's an extremely complex and clever one. With echoes of the Frankenstein story. 
bad His film does not mark [Banksy] out as the new Spielberg. Yet it is funny, OK in technique and now and then spicily critical of the art world. 
bad Every bit as quirky, engaging and rebellious as the artwork it aims to celebrate. Sadly, it also shares graffiti's tendency to be energetic but scattergun and ephemeral. 
good Doesn't have the narrative strength of the first in the trilogy but individual scenes are still brilliant and each ingredient in just perfect, cast, score, tone... 
very_good Most fans pick The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly as the stand-out, but I really like this one best. 
good A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release. 
bad More violence and Clint-itude in Italian Western. 
very_good He indulges in a certain sexually-charged imagery lifted straight from film noir 
best By introducing the character of Mortimer, Leone is able to counterpoint Eastwood's cold, amoral gunslinger with a man who has a past and a purpose. 
good Another must-see Italian speghetti western. 
good Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments. 
very_bad The fact that this film is constructed to endorse the exercise of murderers, to emphasize killer bravado and generate glee in frantic manifestations of death is, to my mind, a sharp indictment of it as so-called entertainment in this day. 
bad The weak link in the "Dollars" trilogy, but still a good ride. 
very_bad Clint Eastwood, just as the spagetti western schtick was beginning to get old. 
good Here is a gloriously greasy, sweaty, hairy, bloody and violent Western. It is delicious. 
good Though it's about a half-hour too long, For a Few Dollars More is overall a much more exciting and involving film [than the original]. 
bad Not as good as the third sequel but still very entertaining. 
good A delicious second helping of Clint & Sergio! 
very_good One excellent western. 
best Underrated. 
very_good A short, sweet, and rather illuminating look at a comedy tour that went into harm's way, just to bring some smiles to a few soldiers' faces. 
bad The Collapsed manages to corral its literary pretensions well enough that it manages to avoid embarrassing itself. 
terrible All the movie needs is more cowbell. 
bad What The Collapsed lacks is the jolts that horror fans may prefer in their post-apocalyptic fare. 
best 90 minutes of iconic imagery, some deep questions and a surprising amount of humor. This is Art with a capital A, but that doesn't mean it's not entertaining at the same time, which only makes its artistry even greater. 
good Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids. 
best The Seventh Seal is a film not about the end of time, but the silence between man and God. 
very_good Bergman's film about the actual figure of Death is one of his funniest and, ultimately, most hopeful works. 
best As a youth, perhaps no other film opened my eyes to the wonderful possibilities of cinema as much as The Seventh Seal. 
bad Swedish cinema titan Ingmar Bergman's mopey/earthy 1957 breakthrough The Seventh Seal may have done more than any other film to popularize and demonize the notion of world cinema as the boutique of the cultural intelligentsia. 
best Perhaps no one film speaks more fully to the human condition than The Seventh Seal. [Blu-ray] 
best Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening. 
best still spiritually resonates today 
best A cinematic masterpiece no film fan should miss. 
best Bergman's superbly shot wintry images, much like those of a silent film, print themselves indelibly on the mind, while the Knight's search for a God who never answers foreshadows the pessimism of the director's later work. 
best Guaranteed to thunder on the big screen. 
best Ingmar Bergman's dark masterpiece effortlessly sees off the revisionists and the satirists; it is a radical work of art that reaches back to scripture, to Cervantes and to Shakespeare to create a new dramatic idiom of its own. 
best Ingmar Bergman's black and white masterpiece The Seventh Seal has matured like a great wine over 50 years. 
best Full of haunting, iconic images and a touch of hopeful humanity, The Seventh Seal is cinema at its most artful, a philosophical meditation on the meaning(lessness) of this mortal coil. 
bad Fear, peril and hoplessness soak every frame. 
best A grand, thought-provoking and highly enjoyable piece of cinematic history. 
best Dark but beautiful. 
very_good Not only highly impressive but thought-provoking, relevant and intensely moving in our present, nervous, times. 
fair It manages some powerful images, but it feels a bit too calculated to really get under the skin. 
best Haunting and beautiful. 
best Essentially intellectual, yet emotionally stimulating, too, it is as tough -- and rewarding -- a screen challenge as the moviegoer has had to face this year. 
best Almost hypnotic in its power, it's a film that washes away all the parodying it has received over the years, emerging as fresh and startling today as it did nearly 50 years ago. 
best Great existentialism and morbid humor. Fantastic performances. 
best Easily, one of the greatest films ever made. 
best This is an uncompromising film, regarding good and evil with the same simplicity and faith as its hero. 
best So gripping as to be entertaining in an enlightening way. 
good Affecting drama about terminal illness has mature themes. 
fair Byrd and Jenkins earn the film its critical points, but the screenplay has too many moments that feel network-TV-bland. 
bad There's something sweet about Jonathan Segal's modest high school drama, "Norman," despite the contrivances of its protagonist's predicament and its stacking of the emotional deck. 
fair There's a winning emotional truth in the father-son scenes in this Spokane-shot sleeper, directed with skill and sensitivity by Jonathan Segal. 
fair For first-time screenwriter Wingate and Segal, in only his second feature (2004's "The Last Run), it's impressive work - they never overplay the pity card, opting for insight into the complexities of growing up instead. 
very_bad A disquieting outing with little in the way of honest payoff. 
good The director, Jonathan Segal, skillfully builds on the tension that this situation creates, though he can't quite make Wingate's ending click. Still, Segal is so good with his actors that you may not mind. 
good For me, Richard Jenkins is the heart of "Norman." How often I've admired him; even in unworthy roles, he has such strength, he never seems the need to try. 
very_bad A would-be dark, self-congratulatory dramedy that lacks both transgressive laughter and honest engagement with its themes of death and teen depression. 
bad The trapped animal look in Norman's eyes feels more and more like an appropriate reaction. 
good Packed with hot women, a ninja-like character and zombies, it's the kind of movie a 15-year-old would make with a limitless budget and little concern for ratings. Good thing he knows how to make an incredibly fun movie. 
good Planet Terror makes bad movies look good, and that's absolutely a compliment. 
bad Too ugly conceptually to be any fun. 
good Geysers of blood, insinuating camera angles and an extremely playful editing style add to the mayhem, keeping us gasping in horror and laughing at the gleeful excesses on screen. 
best Exciting, sexy, gory - in a good way - and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Rodriguez's zombie exploitation flick is the most fun you'll have in the cinema all year. 
very_bad Won't make any friends outside of B-movie aficionados, and even they might tire of laughing at all the cheapo gore being thrown around. 
bad McGowan is a suitably slinky presence as the lead avenger with a machine gun for a leg; blood and pus regularly fill the screen as Rodriguez lets rip with gleeful abandon. 
bad Only watch if you have an offbeat sense of humour. 
terrible A loving testament to exploitation horror cinema and a moronic sop to a certain generation of male film fans' obsession with breasts, guns and gore. 
bad Following Tarantino's Death Proof, Rodriguez throws his hat into the Grindhouse ring and comes out the clear winner. Impossible not to be charmed by its gross-out effects, bad dialogue and amputee action. 
bad Gloopy and outrageous, this schlock horror tribute is pure trash... in the best possible sense. 
bad A bona fide trash pastiche. So good it's bad, then? Almost, but the panache and playfulness machine-gun most of the shortcomings. DVD suppliers! Can we have the two films plus trailers in one now, please? 
very_bad Aficionados will appreciate the po-faced wordplay and self-consciously gnarled-up aesthetic (missing reels, bad syncing, etc) as much as the fleshy centrepieces and gross-out grace notes. Others will struggle to find much appeal. 
bad While this is the Grindhouse film that suffers most from being presented solo, it's still the most fun. Watch with beer in hand and tongue in cheek for optimal effect. 
terrible If somebody chewed your head off, would you at least forget this mess? 
good Its spirit is one of pure entertainment, and its commentary on old grindhouse movies is lovingly satirical. 
best A gruesome homage to every awful zombie flick ever made and a guaranteed treat for fans of that trashy genre from a bygone era. 
good Fast-paced, freakishly gory, and boasting a few unexpected surprises, Planet Terror is one of the best horror movies I've seen in years. 
bad Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a delicate, if sometimes disturbing, portrait of the enduring relationships that bond women together, out in theaters now. 
good Despite the unevenness, the sincerity of the work shines through. 
very_bad It's a well shot film with beautiful cinematography, though it does feel a bit too constrained at times. But as beautiful as it was, the story and characters failed to grab me 
bad Were it not for the slow pacing and the obviousness of message, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan would have been successful. 
very_bad Although it looks fantastic, it barely registers on an emotional level because it feels so dull and manipulative. 
very_bad A from Hugh Jackman as a Mandarin-singing nightclub owner is about the only thing that livens up this generation-spanning tale of female friendship. 
bad The whole looks lush, but it doesn't deliver as it should. 
very_bad Here is a very self-conscious attempt to bridge the US-China divide through the medium of glossy, handsomely mounted cinema. 
very_bad This rich weave of eras looks pretty, but plays to an exoticised vision of old-world China, even as it demystifies the excruciating custom of foot-binding. 
terrible Visual flourishes aren't enough to detract from a confused plot and mawkishly sentimental overtones. 
very_bad Not even the second best Hugh Jackman cameo of the year can save it from being little more than a period curio. 
bad Unfortunately that truth isn't illuminated with any originality: tearful confessions and pensive gazing out windows are commonplace. 
bad A quality arthouse film, beautifully photographed and very well acted. 
bad Sisters-for-life torn apart in schmaltzy Chinese melodrama. 
very_bad A grandly appointed disappointment. 
fair This is not a great film. It is, however, sometimes a very good one, and it's always a joy to behold in visual terms. 
bad Hopelessly inert, even as it hops between modern, trendy Shanghai and rural 19th-century Hunan... 
bad Wayne Wang is perhaps best known for directing the lovely screen adaptation of The Joy Luck Club, but there's no joy to be found anywhere in this stately, stodgy film. 
bad Respectable but bland, with all the surface trappings of a meaningful prestige picture but none of the emotional power. 
fair The drastic alterations to Lisa See's compelling novel about the lifelong friendship between two women in 19th century China are unsettling, at least for fans of the original bestseller, and they detract a bit too much from the story See so artfully told. 
bad A tear-jerking soap opera chick flick about love and loyalty 
bad ... stately, solemn and serious, but easier to admire than to enjoy ... 
terrible Parallel stories from the past and the present are crosscut throughout this film, but rather than amplifying the dual tales' ramifications the technique only ups the film's turgidity quotient. 
very_bad [Moves] the stick figures in its center through the motions of friendship without seeming to quite understand the actual reasons why we make those deep, abiding friendships in the first place. 
terrible There aren't enough movies about women's friendships. And there really aren't enough movies about women's friendships with all-Asian casts. So it's a bummer to report that this one's as terrible as it is. 
bad "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" wants to be "The Color Purple" in China, but it's really just a Lifetime Original Movie with subtitles. 
very_bad "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" aims for the heartstrings and only strikes a few notes. 
very_bad The film is visually sumptuous but emotionally inert. It never draws in the viewer. 
very_bad The constant cutting between the two stories, and the inexplicable scrambling of chronology within the stories, also become annoying and impedes the ability of either story to really build emotionally. 
terrible The film features two of the least effective lead performances of the year, which keeps the audience from engaging in the story emotionally and just leaves them wondering how this book became a bestseller. 
terrible It's the No-Joy, Bad-Luck Club. 
good Like his old-time Hollywood predecessors, Wang goes for big-hearted, over-the-top emotions. 
terrible I think even rabid fans of the book will be disappointed. 
very_bad Emphasizes melodrama over character development, until the proceedings feel like a rabbit hole of misfortune. 
bad Once we've quickly digested the fortune-cookie message that modern women are as bound by obligations as their grandmothers were, all we can savor is the scenery. 
very_bad Bears little resemblance to the book, and even less resemblance to a good movie. 
fair A story of much visual grace and, sadly, considerable narrative awkwardness. 
bad All the two actresses do is gaze out of apartment and carriage windows, through floorboards, into each other's eyes, and, once, while wishfully wearing a man's suit. 
bad The film version of "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" proceeds as if willed into being by a particularly misguided "question for discussion," the kind you'd find at the tail end of a bestseller's paperback edition. 
bad As movies about female bonding go, "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" is thin tea. 
good Wang, back in Joy Luck Club territory, serves up melodrama without smothering substance. 
bad Overall it's a very competent film, but kept me at a distance and never got very engaging. 
bad Visually, the film is a treat with Richard Wong's cinematography equally evocative at capturing the pastoral beauty and slower rhythms of rural 19th century China and the urban splendor and bustle of today's Shanghai. 
bad Female friendship and loyalty are at the heart of Snow Flower And The Secret Fan. Too bad that's all but buried by the pile-on of events that connects women from different eras across time and place. 
very_bad Disappointing literary adaptation has some heavy themes. 
bad [A] confusing time-travelling tale that uses Lisa See's 2005 bestseller of the same name to fuel cheap sentiment and a jumbled story. 
bad Whatever passion might have been here to begin with never made it to the screen. 
bad Wang ... needlessly pads the movie with heart-tugging gimmicks and canned melodrama that undercuts its raw impact. 
very_bad Its story-within-a-story - a tale of two laotong, or soul sisters, in oppressive mid-1800s China - is gorgeous but simplistic. 
bad You're advised to bring a hankie or two should you venture forth to see the tearjerker "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan." 
terrible "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" has such seriousness and purpose behind it that for 10 or 15 minutes it could be mistaken for a good movie. 
bad Perhaps this was intended to draw the largely female crossover audience that went to Joy Luck Club. But the dual stories don't mesh well. 
terrible For those who may have wondered if foot binding, wife beating and a crooning Hugh Jackman could fit into one movie, here's the short answer: no. 
bad Wang loses the plot in the contemporary sequences, which are drab looking and stupidly melodramatic. 
very_bad A portrait of female fidelity that ranges across centuries and social classes, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is sad, sumptuous fluff with a refined literary pedigree. 
very_bad A turgid, generations-spanning melodrama that deifies and fetishizes the idea of feminine companionship's intense depths without substantively delivering a fully rendered portrait of it. 
bad The trouble is that the modern story whipped up for "Snow Flower" isn't very compelling. Yet it dominates the movie, continually oozing back in just as the period drama is getting interesting. 
terrible I briefly felt bad when the film, in its first five minutes, knocked Sophie into a coma. But I felt even worse 10 minutes later: Dear reader, I envied her. 
very_bad Feels less like an attempt to broaden the book's horizons than to cash in on Joy's cross-generational appeal while doubling down on cheap-shot melodrama. 
bad This isn't really a movie made for guys, although I can appreciate the artfulness of its construction and the solemnity of its purpose and the studied intensity of the acting. 
good An existential inquiry, and a rhetorical declaration of cosmic futility. 
good A low-key charming diptych character piece that was also divisive, at least according to the chatter in the lines at Cannes. 
bad A few tweaks in tone and it could have been profound. Instead it lingers in the realm of the intriguing. 
very_good ...[a] glittering little oddity. 
very_good ...a strange and sometimes discomfiting movie that occasionally gets a little heavy-handed as it traces the trajectories of two disrupted souls through the depressingly neutral territory of an airport hotel. 
bad The vehicle for the message feels haphazard, as if Ferran were trying to create a patchwork of various film types rather than one cohesive piece. 
bad The special effects were assembled with painstaking details ... These dreamlike elements look organic and charming, and are the best part of the film. 
bad Ferran is prone to "flights of fancy," pardon the pun, as some scenes in his film go on unchecked while others aren't allowed nearly the right amount of time to develop. 
very_bad The best moments in "Bird People" soar to such heights that you almost want to forgive the parts that amount to mere droppings. 
good This is a wisp of a movie, and yet it deals with an experience so pervasive that it's usually barely acknowledged-this restlessness people feel to fly off to somewhere else. 
fair Pascale Ferran's film isn't daring enough to fully embrace the narrative fragmentation that it sporadically assumes. 
very_good makes great sense from a journalist's perspective. 
good At the Death House Door is a sobering account of Pickett's gradual evolution from pro-death penalty minister to a man struggling to reconcile his complicated role in those deaths. 
very_good Rarely has the unholy alliance between Church and State been so succinctly delineated than in this detail-rich documentation of the near-daily ritual of purging the glorious state of Texas of its 'worst of the worst'. 
very_good The directors of Hoop Dreams and Stevie turn their documentary lens on capital punishment through the experiences of Rev. Carroll Pickett, the chaplain of Texas' Huntsville Prison, where he ministered to 95 condemned inmates in their final hours. 
good a powerful rumination on the death penalty, but perhaps because Rev. Pickett isn't a firebrand, the film is curiously disaffecting. 
bad Marques-Marcet's lovely debut opens with an impressively staged single take that manages to convey the entire universe of a longterm relationship in just 23 minutes. 
good 10,000 Km is a stunning debut that richly deserves every accolade it will receive. Marques-Marcet is a director to keep a very close eye on. 
good A searingly realistic, and emotive piece that offers a wondrous study of relationships in the modern world. 
terrible If you removed all the dialogue that "explains" what happened in the first Blood Cult, you'd have a movie shorter than Steamboat Willie. 
bad Hellbent on being innocuous, high-spirited fun, but it just comes off as shrill and shallow and dimwitted. 
terrible I don't think my negative reaction is a case of a parent forgetting the sort of mindless entertainment that he himself enjoyed as a child; rather the turtle fights are more depressing than joyful. 
bad The plot, as primitive as it is, still isn't very clear; it never acquires the spontaneity or the force of a true "story" but seems to exist mainly as a pretext for the familiar Ninja banter so beloved of the cult, as in "Cowabunga, dudes," and such forth 
good One finds in them the same unabashed enjoyment of color and movement, of spectacular athletics and outrageous stunts, that animates the Hong Kong action cinema as a whole and makes it so superbly entertaining. 
very_bad This sequel is less abrasive than its predecessor and was considerably less successful at the box office. 
very_bad If the new film is considerably less imaginative than your average Punch-and-Judy show, it is, nevertheless, a step up from last year's turtle-fest. 
very_bad The plot of Turtles II hinges on toxic waste and that turns out to be a pretty accurate description of the film. 
terrible The Turtles return in this underwhelming sequel that generally fares about as well as its predecessor... 
bad This is one of those rare sequels that actually lives up quite nicely to the original. 
fair Clever if rather mechanical. 
bad This lacks the darkness and subtlty that makes th first film so good, and so adult, but its simplified plot and gags will appeal to the under tens. 
very_bad The sequel plays things very safe 
terrible This one should have oozed out of the can before it got into any theaters. 
terrible For losers 
bad The muppets look mighty fake, and Vanilla Ice was better in Cool as Ice, but check out wrestler Kevin Nash as Super Shredder. 
very_bad Not only insulting to your intelligence, but also harmful for children to watch. 
terrible Dear God, why? 
bad Even more fun than the original! 
very_bad if a Vanilla Ice cameo is a highlight, imagine what the rest of the film is like 
bad If you're a kid, you're going to see it. If you're a parent you may have no choice. 
terrible Today's kids are learning from the Turtles that the world is a sinkhole of radioactive waste, that it's more reassuring to huddle together in sewers than take your chances competing at street level, and that individuality is dangerous. Cowabunga. 
bad The production values are wonderful (due in large part to the work of Animatronic Puppeteers and Jim Henson's Creature Shop) and the script is quick and funny. 
very_bad Tedious haunted house movie. 
bad Troma goes Blair Witch, and this movie gets VULGAR! 
best Only David Fincher could tell the story of a missing woman, a murder mystery and a psychosexual thriller without making it feel forced. 
bad While there is a lot to like about David Fincher's "Gone Girl," including a great ensemble and excellent direction, the film suffers from a flawed structure that reveals too much too soon. 
very_good Suspense, social commentary, great performances and a seriously twisted outlook -- Gone Girl is one killer movie. 
very_good Fincher and Flynn have fun playing with both our expectations and our sympathies. 
good At another level, it is a straightforward thriller, but with a slow build of foreboding that Alfred Hitchcock would have admired. 
very_good The premise is flat-out creepy. Make sure you're game for that before you see it. 
good While it examines seriously wicked material, Gone Girl pulls more laughs than any of Fincher's movie since Fight Club. 
good With the close-knit psychological ambiance of an early Roman Polanski film (particularly 1965's Repulsion) Fincher paints American middle class as a blood-curdling emotional danger zone. 
good As Fincher and Flynn peel away layers of their story, a feeling of dread grows; it's like pulling moldy leaves from an artichoke that is rotting from the inside out. 
good It's a testament to David Fincher's skill as a filmmaker that he makes something as complex as Gone Girl feel so effortless. 
good The performances all round are of a high calibre, with Pike impressively handling the burden of some very difficult scenes. 
good Some may find it too outlandish, but it never fails to remain interesting. 
very_good This is a nutty film, and for the most part I mean that in a good way. 
very_good Gone Girl is a greatly entertaining film that seems a likely candidate for multiple Oscar nominations, and it is Flynn's script that seems like a sure thing. 
very_good Affleck delivers what's easily his best performance, while Pike should become a household name, and Coon and Dickens will likely see their stars rise, as well. 
fair If you're expecting another Seven or Zodiac or even The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you're probably going to be left cold, but if you go where the story takes you, and you buy into the world in any fashion, I think you're going to have a wicked good time 
best Gone Girl is out of this world, a powerful reminder of what cool, crazy, dangerous, hugely entertaining things can happen when big studios let grownup filmmakers make movies for and about grownups. 
very_good What begins as a beguiling whodunit takes an abrupt, choke on your popcorn turn midway through and, believe it or not, the ride is just getting started. 
good Gone Girl, for the most part, feels like an excellent thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated (and palpably plodding) drama... 
good Gone Girl is a dark and intelligent thriller that plays to Fincher's magnetising style, the two really are a match made in heaven. 
best Under the guidance of the remarkable David Fincher, this is one of those rare, elusive endeavors that contains nearly every important quality I cherish about moviemaking. 
very_good Gone Girl lives up to the hype. 
fair Something close to a mechanically flawless thriller. 
good The spot-on casting carries over to the supporting cast: This thriller has the sort of lineup that will draw viewers to IMDb.com, possibly crashing its server. 
very_good It's undeniably entertaining to see a craftsman such as Fincher explore Flynn's thesis by way of rollicking popcorn cinema. 
best Deeply cynical, darkly funny, sometimes brutal, very powerful filmmaking that may make you a little queasy, but will almost certainly entertain you to no end. 
good This superior thriller arrives at a time when Hollywood mostly seems to have forgotten how to make 'em. 
best gets completely under your skin, rattles your sense of what's right and wrong, and generally undercuts any kind of moral pretense we might bring into the theater 
best Fincher's compositions offer the characters no exit; the widescreen keeps them in view, no matter how extreme their deceits and disguises. 
good The film's sense of savage, yet controlled, rage permeates director David Fincher's examination of a marriage that's gone so wrong. 
good There's no denying that it's an entertaining movie, made by a consummate filmmaker, though not, perhaps, quite as important as it would like to be. 
very_good Hey...the marriage in this movie is a lot better than many I've witnessed. 
good Fincher doesn't make bad movies and this is a very good one. Of his nine features, I'm going to put this on my list at number four, after Zodiac, The Social Network and Fight Club. That's good company, on one hell of a list. 
good Whatever its limitations, Gone Girl is the rare character-focused drama that can make audiences gasp audibly - and laugh, and cringe. 
very_bad A trashy, scattershot serial-drama-cum-media satire that's more agenda-based than character-based. One day we'll look back and chuckle at how seriously people took Gone Girl the same way we do now at Fatal Attraction. 
good An admirably-tense mystery from master director David Fincher. 
good A rather excellent potboiler full of dark revelations and unexpected twists. And, wow, those twists leave one gobsmacked. 
very_good In the end, 'Gone Girl' echoes what experience has taught, in that with marriage you think you are getting what you desire when in reality you are getting what you deserve. 
good At 149 minutes, the film never drags nor does its mood settle, slipping from classy narcissistic humour to exploitation-inflected thrills in an instant; mercurial, mystifying - and tantalisingly missing. 
bad With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium. 
very_good Is Gone Girl on the same level as Fincher's flawless masterpieces such as Seven, Fight Club, and The Social Network? Not quite, but it's damned close. 
very_good Those who have read the blockbuster novel may be disappointed to know that author Gillian Flynn hasn't changed anything in adapting it to the big screen, so there aren't any surprises along the way. 
very_good This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash. 
good Fincher cleverly twists and turns throughout this mysterious maze. 
good The latest must-see movie event from perpetual Hollywood wunderkind David Fincher, Gone Girl is 120 minutes of pure perfection. Unfortunately, the movie runs 145 minutes. 
bad The film is a deceitful, lying partner, who can tell a good yarn and while we're not ready to believe all of it, we hang on for the ride anyway. 
bad Good old crime pulp is essentially what Gone Girl is, unspooling like a two-part mini series and paced like a standard police/mystery procedural. 
bad If Gone Girl's first half is a forensic dissection of a marriage that cuts like an autopsy, the second half sees the coroners cut loose, chucking guts around for fun. 
best ...one of sharpest dissections of a dysfunctional marriage since "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" 
best Dark and tension-filled, it reflects the cinematic artistry of the entire cast and production team. I can already hear Oscar buzz. 
good It's hard to imagine anyone else capturing the essence of Gone Girl quite like David Fincher does. 
very_good Of all David Fincher's accomplishments as a director, he may pull off his most impressive feat of all in Gone Girl -- getting Tyler Perry nominated for an Oscar. 
very_good A galvanizing portrait of defective love that twists, turns, and unfurls until you don't know what to think anymore. 
good A devilishly good time. What it lacks in style, it makes up for in substance. 
very_good A magnificently unsettling thriller that will shock and engage viewers from its opening moment to its final powerful shot. 
good For a slice of disposable fiction done with an expert hand, Gone Girl is quite entertaining. 
best Flawless, tough as nails and Oscar-bound, 'Gone Girl' is a thriller that never disappoints. With twists and turns as complex as DNA strands, this is one of the best movies of the year ... and, no, it's not too early to say that. 
very_good Perry, Patrick Harris and others all join Affleck and Pike with tremendous performances. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross once again create the perfect score to accompany Fincher's mood. 
very_good A terrific multi-layered thriller that is sure to be ranked near the top of the list for best films of the year. 
good Gone Girl is a layered film experience that can be appreciated on multiple levels - with an intriguing central mystery, rounded characters, and sharp social commentary. 
very_good One of the smartest, most precisely observed portraits of a relationship to hit the screen in the last decade, and also one of the best whodunnits. 
very_good Gone Girl is an entertaining film in a category that is woefully missing in most movie theaters nowadays - storytelling. 
good Violent, layered adaptation is dark but thrilling. 
good an elegantly rendered, yet lurid potboiler of a movie. 
fair In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft. 
fair A masterfully crafted brew of mind-bending misdirection, outright lies, psychotic scheming, and detailed criminal procedural that will keep you guessing right up until the end. 
very_good However readers may have seen the story in their minds - the unshaven and rumpled Affleck is about a decade older than I imagined, but effectively seedy - Fincher crafts its scenes of a broken marriage into a convincing mosaic. 
terrible Factoring in the high potential, it's the worst film I've seen this year. 
very_good Gone Girl lives up to its promise as the year's "event" movie for fanboys and fangirls who prefer book clubs to comic-book stores. 
best The cast is uniformly perfect. 
good It's the stuff of mass-produced pulp novels and National Enquirer covers. But in Fincher's surgical grip, Gone Girl becomes more than a simple screen trip through Flynn's prose. 
bad The tone and pacing are all over the place, and Gone Girl struggles to build a world with its own, immersive logic, sense of incident, and robust sources of energy. 
very_good Fincher proves himself to be the ideal director to turn this intricately plotted, misanthropic best-seller into a disturbing, yet undeniably entertaining movie. 
fair Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements. 
fair ...good story...good movie, but not as good as the book and marred by a changed ending and miscasting of Neil Patrick Harris, despite fine performances by the rest of the cast. 
best Clocking in at almost 150 minutes, there's a lot of story to tell here and the supporting cast all hand in strong performances. 
best A satisfying cat and mouse thriller that also serves as a clinical dissection of the games we play, the images we present to the world and the gap between carefully constructed fantasy and a complex, fallible reality. 
good Mostly a very clever and always watchable whodunit. 
good Gone Girl grabs you by making you first believe one thing, then another, quite the opposite. It's that woman! No, it's that man! 
good Maybe Flynn and Fincher are trying to stir up the sort of debate that swam around screenings of Fatal Attraction. This is a dangerous sort of game. Approach with caution (but do approach). 
very_good Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed. 
fair Once the chaotic adult-fairy-tale elements override Fincher's otherwise meticulous style, one suspects this tawdry tale of marital fury signifies nothing more than a nihilistic view of heterosexual marriage. 
very_good 145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises. 
very_good Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe? 
very_good A perfect fit for a smirker like Ben Affleck. Sincerity is a bit outside his range, and a little emotional disengagement fits him like a smart suit. 
very_good a smart, modern thriller with enough quirks and eccentricities to remind you of how satisfying a film made by a true visionary can be 
bad Early favorite for most disappointing Oscar-bait film of 2014. 
very_good A worthy twisted and twisting whodunnit. Few novelists adopting their work to the screen understand the nuances of movie storytelling. Gillian Flynn does. 
very_good "Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves. 
very_good Delicious junk food for your soul. 
fair ...a trashy guilty pleasure that's sometimes sexy and hints at complex satire winking wickedly at today's social media infused cult of celebrity. 
very_good Gone Girl is so expertly crafted that its 150-minute running time flies by - this story is worth every tightly-wound second. 
best Ingeniously clever, fiendishly crafted and full of surprises you won't see coming, it's endlessly entertaining and emerges as an Oscar frontrunner. 
best An essential movie of its moment. 
bad the prototypical human-hating hipster model of too-smart, too-cool meta-cinema. 
very_good ... a pulp classic, a rare thing in modern cinema. 
very_bad In this studio Garden of Eden the doom shadows are laid on with a paint roller and the snakes and apples are straight from the props cupboard. 
good Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework. 
fair It is entertaining but long, and though the acting is solid, it isn't as sharp or as smart as it wants to be. 
bad Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ... 
very_good "Gone Girl" is art and entertainment, a thriller and an issue, and an eerily assured audience picture. 
good I hated watching these people but couldn't take my eyes off the screen. They're so crazy bad that the movie becomes crazy good. Just not so luridly great. 
good It's all very frightening, all too provocative, and all one mess of a good time. 
very_good Rosamund Pike's groundbreaking performance is insanely good. Gone Girl is a bleak, wicked, and gripping thriller strung together by a marvelous story driven by a lust for admiration. 
fair It's stirring on a gut level, but the constant barrage of extremes also grows tiring -- even a little tiresome. 
very_good Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance. 
good A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller. 
good Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling. 
good Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak. 
good It's the kind of film we hoped David Fincher might make with Dragon Tattoo; a satisfying, ironic, and sophisticated thriller. Go see. 
best David Fincher's box-cutter autopsy of a marriage which is forcibly dismantled and then forcibly reforged in the cobalt blue flames of ignominy, arrogance and deception. So, so much deception. 
best The brilliance of Gone Girl cannot be overstated, nor can it really be elucidated without diluting its many, many pleasures. 
best The best thriller of the year. And then some. 
good Fincher proves himself yet again to be a better cinematic psychologist of (in-)human nature than almost any other director alive. 
very_good One of the best films that will be released in 2014. 
very_good Amy is the most challenging and crucial character to capture, and Pike is simply brilliant in a role that has all the potential to become both career defining and life altering. 
very_good David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times. 
good The spirits of Highsmith and Hitchcock hover over this outrageous pulp suspense-thriller from David Fincher, episodically structured around twists and counter-twists, like an addictive boxset of a TV drama. 
good Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck. 
very_good "Gone Girl" is suspenseful and entertaining -- its 2-1/2-hour running time breezes by -- but what sticks out on first viewing is how perfectly Fincher has cast it. 
bad "Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge. 
fair Gone Girl is a devilish mystery and star-making performance for Rosamund Pike. 
good It's a cheeseburger treated like a filet and it's a film that'll stick with you thanks to clever sleight of hand and a few moments that beg for a revisit. 
very_good "Gone Girl" has more contempt for Nancy Grace and all she represents than it does for murder or infidelity- and you know what? I'm good with that. 
very_good For fans of the book and of David Fincher's previous films, "Gone Girl" is a must-see. It's also cheaper than couple's counseling. 
very_good It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen. 
fair It's a messy story told in a calculated way, with precision as ruthless as the diabolical plan it depicts. 
good Once again, Fincher is dressing up trash as serious art, wanting to have his cake and eat it too. And frankly, we wouldn't take it any other way. 
fair An absorbing crime tale that works whether you know the twists or not. 
very_good This is not a 'meaningful' movie, it is a lark that takes itself too seriously, and under the assured direction of David Fincher, it's way more fun that way. 
good A viper's nest of unreliable narrators. 
bad The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off. 
best Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity. 
bad Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments. 
very_good Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype. 
good It's only towards the end that you become aware of the improbability of the whole, but by then it's too late, you've been hooked. 
good David Fincher is a remarkably good director. 
very_good It's a wild ride, made no less thrilling by the knowledge that it ends in a horrific crash, from which no one walks away unscathed. 
best It's Pike whom audiences will be talking about and arguing about long after they've screened the film. She seizes hold of Flynn's conception of a woman slowly losing control over her own narrative with gusto, and Fincher reacts splendidly. 
terrible Fincher's chief delight seems to be in playing with genre conventions: what looks like an especially moody whodunit morphs first into a psychosexual thriller and then into what might just be straight-faced satire. 
very_bad You could call this vision misogynistic, and you wouldn't be wrong, but you'd be far more accurate if you simply called it ludicrous. 
good Gone Girl is a high-quality mainstream crowd-pleaser in the best possible sense of the phrase. 
fair "Gone Girl" is nothing if not absorbing, beginning as a sort of investigative procedural before corkscrewing halfway through to become something else entirely. 
good Entertaining. But one of Fincher's very best? Not by a Missouri mile 
very_good It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer. 
best Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her. 
good Gone Girl is a brilliantly directed, thrillingly nasty piece of psychologically-riveting pulp that promises to be one of the year's biggest water-cooler hits. 
very_good Gone Girl features Fincher working near the top of his game, crafting exquisite, chilly, below-the-line production work as he solicits career-best performances from his handsomely put-upon leads. 
very_good Cunning as a raptor and nearly as fast, Gone Girl is an anesthetic-free dissection of human nature. 
good Even if you have read the book and know what happens in Gone Girl, you're still in for a treat watching the movie. And if you haven't read it and don't know what happens, well then you're definitely in for a treat. 
very_bad Something is amiss in Gone Girl. 
best Traz Affleck e Pike em performances que sao apostas quase garantidas em premiacoes no fim do ano. 
good Gone Girl is Fincher at his wittiest and seedy in its chronicle of a marriage that bears unexpected, rotten fruit which a scandal hungry country devours with glee. 
very_good Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset. 
good As entertainingly gripping as it is smartly disturbing and scathingly satirical. 
good Even those who have read Gillian Flynn's novel can expect to be surprised by the jolts and jumps in David Fincher's take on events. 
good There hasn't been a soignee blonde so flat-out hate-able since Gwyneth bitched about the burdens of motherhood. Welcome to the A-list, Gone Girl star Rosamund Pike! 
good Stylish, twisted and daring, Gone Girl is a David Fincher date movie: dark, smart and dangerous. If it doesn't deliver in its finale, its twist, turns and commitment to moral repugnance will leave you reeling. 
very_good Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will. 
best Deliciously dark and utterly gripping, this tightly-coiled teaser delivers disturbing answers to some very awkward questions. 
bad Where the book was better in its first half and more of a trashy twist-a-thon in its second, the film, directed by David Fincher, actually gets better once it gets trashy. 
best Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike deliver a masterclass in duplicity in their deft manipulation of the Dunnes' complex lives and rising resentments. 
bad There's a comic streak to the film that suggests David Fincher may understand the material as trash, but it's the kind of affectation that only reinforces, rather than dulls, its insults. 
very_good Intelligently structured by novelist Flynn herself, the film features a mannered turn by Academy Award winner Ben Affleck while the absolute success of the picture is indebted to the lavish and grandiose performance of Rosamund Pike. 
good Somehow, Fincher imposes coherence and clarity on a complex and messy storyline. 
best A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel. 
very_good David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl  is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office. 
fair Floating through the narrative like a ghost, [Pike] embodies the aloofness that is both the film's strength and its weakness. 
good [A] gripping psychological thriller. 
good Doesn't have the heft of Zodiac or the verve of Se7en but Gone Girl is a masterful adaptation and a superior crime-thriller. 
best The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho. 
good Gone Girl, finally, may be no more than a storm in a teacup. But what an elegant, bone-china teacup this is. And what a fearsome force-10 gale we have brewing inside. 
good Above all, it's is a delicious exercise in audience-baiting: what begins as a he-said, she-said story of mounting, murderous suspense, lurches at its fulcrum into the kind of hot mess Brian De Palma might have cooked up 20 years ago in his attic. 
best There are moments in this film that will make your jaw drop in shock and horror. 
very_good "Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after. 
terrible I hardly see the need for this watered-down twist on that '70s TV-movie Bad Ronald. 
very_bad The Intruders would like to be more clever than it is, but it's hamstrung by a script that's a bit of a fixer-upper. 
terrible The Intruders stacks the deck with all the familiar horror signposts, as if straying from cliches were the most frightening thing of all. 
bad When, far too late in the day for us to care, they enter Hitchcock territory, the plot shift gives you the cinematic equivalent of whiplash and leaves you holding your head, wondering how on earth it happened and really rather wishing it hadn't. 
bad Fontaine can't seem to decide whether she's making a dry sex farce or a slow-burn thriller, and the movie never really commits to either. 
bad If you think I'm being tasteless, you should see the movie. 
very_bad C'est dommage. 
bad The Girl from Monaco is a tease. 
fair As a solid thriller, La fille de Monaco feels like it's missed the mark. 
good Despite Bourgoin's dazzling presence, it's the hollow-eyed Luchini who quietly takes over the film. 
good The film doesn't add up to much in the end, but if you like leggy, flirty blondes, dark, brooding tough-guy bodyguards and fussy middle-aged lawyers, it's entertaining. 
very_good The postman may always ring twice, but a bodyguard doesn't even have to bother to knock. 
fair The French comedy-drama The Girl from Monaco demonstrates how an excess of liberte and fraternite can be hazardous to the health, especially where there is an absence of egalite. 
very_bad Like its protagonist, you end up with plenty to think about, puzzle over, and forget. 
fair It's not at all as disposable as it seems at first glance. 
bad The Girl From Monaco doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a sprightly sex comedy or an enigmatic little thriller. Unfortunately, it's neither very funny nor very thrilling. 
good This is a modest but expertly performed piece. And this summer, surrounded by lesser, louder, bigger and dumber diversions, it's especially welcome. 
bad The Girl From Monaco may be momentarily entertaining, but don't expect anything profound from the lightweight saga as it wends its way to its contrived, TV-movie conclusion. 
fair It's often sparkling, always stylish -- but ultimately no more significant than another day at an overpriced resort. 
fair The Girl From Monaco is a romantic comedy/drama, but the most appealing relationship has nothing to do with the girl of the title. 
fair At best diverting, at worst an almost self-parodic compendium of French film cliches. 
bad Somehow Ms. Fontaine's attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, The Girl from Monaco snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance. 
good The Girl from Monaco is not more than an entertainment, but an assured and well-oiled one. 
good Some movies create an inviting world for the viewer. This is one of them. 
bad Obsessed with the image of its tall and tan leading lady, The Girl from Monaco ends up a weak cocktail with a big red cherry floating between its ice cubes. 
bad In these roles, Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem make an accomplished acting team. 
very_bad The Girl from Monaco is a frustratingly suspense-free affair. 
good There's little question that the movie will most be remembered for its introduction of the luscious Louise Bourgouin. Fontaine has a way at bringing out her oozing sex appeal without the movie ever feeling exploitative. 
terrible If a man had directed The Girl from Monaco, this erstwhile comedy would be labeled misogynistic -- a charge that would stick. 
bad Perhaps aimed to be a combination of Desperate Housewives and Belle de Jour, with a lesbian twist, Concussion turns out to be surprisingly bland. 
bad The suggestion that prostitution is a risk-free route to self-discovery for suburban soccer moms is glib bordering on offensive, but Robin Weigert is tough and terrific in the lead. 
bad Much of the narrative may not ring true, but Weigert's performance is warm and engaging, lending not just heart, but much needed credibility. 
fair A sharply observed odyssey of middle-aged self-discovery, this strikingly offbeat film may feel a little vague in its approach, but it carries a strong kick. 
very_bad Stacie Passon's drama is like Luis Bunuel's Belle de Jour without much of the humour or surrealism. 
good It boasts a fantastic turn from TV veteran Robin Weigert and is visually reminiscent of Todd Haynes's Safe (it's beautiful to look at). 
good An intriguing, independent drama with a notable performance from Robin Weigert who played Calamity Jane in Deadwood. 
very_bad A stellar lead turn by Robin Weigert isn't enough to save this staid story of a lesbian call-girl. 
bad It's not entirely plausible, to be honest, but there's an easy naturalism to the drama and a sharp intelligence behind the camera. 
bad Passon's film arcs into view as a beguilingly flighted curveball - and, as its protagonist's progress attests, the occasional one of those keeps everybody on their toes. 
bad Middle-class, very self-consciously egalitarian New Jersey is lucidly captured, especially the mildly daring dinner parties. 
bad Concussion is wonderfully shot, a confident and accomplished debut for a filmmaker with a promising career ahead of her. 
good The film's unpredictability and irrepressible sense of humour ensure that it stays on the right side of the jaded cynicism that afflicts so many US indies set amid this sort of moneyed dissatisfaction. 
bad Satisfaction is fleeting. 
very_bad Tepid and contrived, this is really House & Garden porn. 
good Director Stacie Passion doesn't try to ape Bunuel's surrealist twist on ennui in Belle Du Jour, instead crafting an enthralling, modern tale in which intimacy is a goal rarely achieved. 
bad Concussion is well acted, well written and genuinely entertaining, but I just wish that it had rung a little less hollow. 
bad It's not pretty, but you can't turn your eyes away. 
good An engrossing meditation on modern alienation and the ways we cope when we discover something missing in our lives. 
bad It's on the dull side, despite a fair amount of tasteful, non-explicit sex. 
fair The quest for sexual fulfillment of a lesbian housewife. 
terrible This might sound, at the very least, titillating, but "Concussion" is anything but. 
very_good Passon's portrayal of sexuality is not so much fluid as it is open, a frankly refreshing way of seeing. 
very_good Takes this well-worn storyline and makes something unique out of it, something fresh and bizarre. 
bad For all that could be said of why this character chooses this path - of what this says, or she thinks it says, about control, or submission, or transgressiveness - the movie says nothing. 
bad Ms. Passon ultimately seems to skirt some of the larger life questions hinted at along the way. 
good It is Weigert's performance that gives the film its mystery and charge. Playing seriously with identity, she draws the viewer ever closer. The way she never reveals everything is electrifying. 
fair Weigert is the film's constant saving grace, her fast wit and enormous range suggesting that Abby is aware of the irrationality of her situation -- and yet, no matter what, remains hell-bent on seeing it through to the bitter end. 
bad Concussion is firmly grounded in reality, and that verisimilitude is what makes it intermittently shine. 
very_good The near-imperceptible finesse of Abby's characterization reflects writer-director Stacie Passon's effortless, interesting mix of richness and economy. 
bad The ambitions of writer-director Stacie Passon's plot feel too tame, revving up to a scene of shame rather than radical revision. The Kids Are All Right pushed similar material to more affecting ends. 
fair Concussion is a brilliantly nuanced look at the complications of modern relationships. 
fair The slick look (by production designer Lisa Myers and art director Kevin P. O'Donnell) highlights the split between Abby's suburban oppression and her urban freedom. 
very_good an edgy, energetic ode to youthful idealism and rebellion molded quite clearly on the rough-hewn vibrancy of various European New Waves, particularly the works of Jean-Luc Godard 
good The final moments here, which simultaneously suggest a return to traditionalism and a new form of globalized alienation, offer open-ended ruminations on Senegal's future role in the world. 
bad Mr. Mambety mixes neo-realism and fantasy to create a mood of unease and aimless longing. The performances are good. 
very_bad There are numerous times when one wishes the camera would remain on one of its many fascinating subjects and tell a more in-depth story. 
good An emotionally-engaging film featuring folks truly moved on what many will undoubtedly mark for posterity as the day they were most proud to be an American. 
bad I've seen the documentary twice now, months apart, and it seemed quite different on a second viewing. Years from now it'll be something else, and years after that, too. 
bad While Deutchman aimed to make a participatory documentary, the end result is, in the main, an Obamathon of hipsters from Chicago, Austin, and Brooklyn stumping for change and toasting the 44th president. 
bad weighted down with the trappings of microbudget filmmaking 
fair A melancholy tale of loss that's only peripherally a horror flick, but a good one all the same. 
terrible An insult to the viewer's intelligence, which sticks to silly slapstick while failing to get around to making a mature statement about relationships. 
fair I wouldn't call the movie a dog, but I didn't love it either. Our search for the next Great Romantic Comedy, like so many Hollywood singletons' quest for love, continues. 
good ...the film is ultimately difficult to resist, though it's clear that those who generally dislike this sort of thing will really hate this. 
bad Must Love Dogs could have used a longer leash and a lot more frolicking in the park. 
bad Diane Lane makes an extremely appealing lead and there's good chemistry between her and Cusack, perhaps because of their shared history at the edges of the Brat Pack in the 1980s. 
very_bad Cusack in particular seems to have embellished his role with an assortment of verbal quirks that suggest he wasn't too happy with what was on the page. 
very_bad If only the whole script had been as sharp as some of Cusack's caustic one-liners, then this might have appealed to more than just the Chardonnay brigade. 
bad Manages to be engaging, even though the plot is badly underdeveloped. 
bad An inconsequential, harmless piece of moderately cute fluff 
very_bad Uma producao sem entusiasmo ou vida, o que e fatal para seus propositos. 
bad Nowhere near as good as its stars due to stagy dialogue, but still a sweet experience. 
good Attractive, witty, and exceedingly cute movie seeks undiscerning viewers for good times and more! 
fair While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera. 
bad Despite its stars, despite its premise, and despite the presence of cute canines, "Must Love Dogs" is the most bland romantic comedy of the summer. Possibly of the year. 
bad Everything that happens here has happened in dozens of romantic comedies before. If you're thinking of going to see Dogs, all I can say is: you've already seen it. 
terrible A romantic comedy so generic that its label AND what's inside is nothing but a black-and-white checklist of the lamest rom-com cliches ever invented. 
fair The best way to combat a lackluster script is good casting, and Diane Lane, John Cusack and Christopher Plummer are quite the foot soldiers in Must Love Dogs. 
bad I wish [Lane and Cusack] had a better script to work with in this cyber-dating comedy ... 
very_bad There needs to be a master list out there of conventional Romantic Comedy cliches and gestures that filmmakers and writers can refer to so as not to play to them ever again. 
very_bad To say Diane Lane would have trouble finding a date moves this movie into the science fiction realm 
very_bad The makers of "Must Love Dogs" clearly have an affection towards canines but they didn't seem to even like the audience. 
bad Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight. 
terrible ...the first 75 minutes are sophomoric, foolish, unrealistic, unfunny, and contrived, if not puerile, ignorant, and ill-informed. 
terrible It's hard to cheer for a film that wears a slight sneer when it comes to its leading lady. 
fair a predictable and genial romantic comedy that's not very romantic and never really all that funn 
good Lane and Cusack create characters who are genuine, funny and romantic. 
bad Perfect for a girl's night out. 
fair There's no compelling reason why these two characters ought to be compatible except that their names come first and second in the opening credits. 
bad think of Must Love Dogs as a You've Got Mail without Norah Ephron's neuroses 
terrible The movie wastes the talents of its two leads by refusing to take any risks with the material, marching in lockstep to every genre cliche. 
good Must Love Dogs ... unleashes snappy, smart dialogue that's good enough to make us want to sit and stay. 
terrible ...homosexual characters in romantic comedies serve the same role that Eunuchs did in the ancient Middle East:nonsexual good listeners who exist to assist hapless rich women. 
fair As fantasies go, you could do a lot worse. 
fair The film gets more tepid as it goes along and ultimately just drifts off. 
bad Some of the lines are pretty clever, but you need to have a very keen and sticky tolerance for dogs making goo-goo eyes. 
bad The film makes no real impression; it's amiable, occasionally funny and indistinguishable from dozens of other romantic comedies just like it. 
fair The real reason for taking a chance on this minor summer confection would be to catch up on the life of an unbilled hero: Lloyd Dobler. 
bad It works. That's the most and the least that can be said of this frequently funny romcom. 
very_bad It's OK to be retro with your screen romance, but retro shouldn't feel this inept. 
fair Lately, Hollywood has gotten so obsessed with doing big things badly, it seems to have forgotten how to do small things well. 
bad Beware! Every time you're just about to settle back into mature romantic comedy mode as if it were a warm bath, things get silly. Really silly. 
good A romantic comedy is only as irresistible as are its temporarily star-crossed lovers. By this barometer, the enjoyably breezy Must Love Dogs boasts quite a pedigree. 
very_bad Did Lane and John Cusack really have to put themselves through this? Here are two first-rate actors in the embarrassing situation of playing blithering misfits in a lame comedy of errors. 
bad Be warned. When the makers of Must Love Dogs want you to like somebody, they slam your hand in a drawer until you say uncle. 
fair It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food. 
bad There is an extremely supportive and welcoming market for an actress like this in the right romantic comedy. Must Love Dogs is half that movie; witty, rueful, true and sweet. The other half is so conventionally dumb, it hurts. 
good Must Love Dogs reminds me of the golden retriever that lived next door long ago: endearing, consistently sweet-natured, ready for a brisk turn around familiar territory as long as no strenuous intellectual demands are ever made. 
bad Too pat when it needs to be hairy, Must Love Dogs fails to find the undercurrents of complex emotion beneath its pretty patter surface. 
fair While Lane is her typical winning self, the film is mawkish. 
fair Tall handsome actor seeking willing audience... 
fair Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before. 
bad Bland, generic and showing every sign of having been market-tested to death. 
terrible Unless you have an affection for scrawny, slobbery face-licking films with no bite or bark, don't even think about it. 
good Just when you think you have Goldberg figured, he springs fresh surprises. 
good I like the characters and the story but find that the film just doesn't go the distance in some areas. 
very_good Sweet, funny, touching, and contemporary. 
fair "Charming and sweet, wrapping a leash around your heart." 
bad Even with a too-cute script, divorcee romantic comedy is passable thanks to the peanut butter/chocolate pairing of Diane Lane and John Cusack. 
fair This may be the summer's only film not aimed at teenage boys, but it still feels unshaped and underdeveloped. 
bad Such great performances... Such a dreadful movie. 
fair When a woman who looks like Diane Lane has to use the internet to find a date, something has gone horribly wrong with our world 
bad It's not When Harry Met Sally, but then again, what is? 
fair Even vehicles on autopilot eventually reach their destinations, and Dogs proves to be an easy ride 
fair Must Love Dogs makes a good first impression -- it's smart, funny and entertaining. But as the reels unwind, it's missing the special chemistry necessary to make us fall head-over-heels for it. 
good Must Love Dogs proves that you can teach an old genre new tricks. 
good Director Gary David Goldberg has said he gave the script to Cusack to add his own touches, resulting in some clever and engaging repartee with Diane Lane, another intelligent and likable actor. 
terrible It takes Lane, John Cusack, Dermot Mulroney, Elizabeth Perkins, Stockard Channing and Christopher Plummer and forces them to reenact the entire unabridged Encyclopedia of Treasured Romantic Comedy Cliches and Chestnuts, Revised Second Edition. 
bad Must Love Dogs isn't quite a dog, but it's far from an ideal date movie. 
terrible Must Love Dogs is an Internet dating comedy so weightless that it makes a trifle like You've Got Mail look like Chekhov. 
bad Must Love Dogs is a film that won't inspire love or hate. It's just sort of there: An inoffensive way to spend an evening. Just remember, you can't get those 107 minutes of your life back. 
bad A lively romantic comedy, grounded by John Cusack as an intense idealist with wit and a big heart, about the role of Internet match-making services in the dating game. 
bad The film's curdled aftertaste is so frustrating that it may be hard to remember why Must Love Dogs ever seemed so endearing and entertaining in the first place. 
terrible Not everything needs to be art, of course, so here goes your proof. 
bad Lacks the requisite passion and urgency to make the experience anything more than a periodically pleasant waste of time. 
good Must Love Dogs, though, has some things a lot of today's romantic comedies don't have and need badly: smart dialogue, bright characters and a pair of lovers who don't look as if they belong at a college bash or in a gossip column. 
fair On what planet does Diane Lane, she of the double-dip-sundae bod, whipped-cream face, and cinnamon hair, go dateless? Only on planet Hollywood, where she is routinely cast as an underappreciated wife or overlooked single. 
bad Must Love Dogs is like a puppy with big brown eyes and a wagging tail who weeps with eagerness to lick your hand, but you take a look around the pound and decide to adopt the sad-eyed beagle who looks as if she has seen a thing or two. 
fair Lane and Cusack transcend the formulaic nature of the romantic comedy genre 
fair Romantic comedies usually stand or fall on the likability of the leads, and the leads in Must Love Dogs, Lane and John Cusack, both of whom downplay the shtickiness of the material by underselling it, are very likable. 
fair What Must Love Dogs is ultimately insisting, after all, is that we all deserve to frolic merrily in the sun with loved ones (possibly in the form of John Cusack), Frisbees and dogs. Who wants to argue with that? 
good It manages to rework genre conventions with an exuberant wit and an authentic feel for the fits-and-starts madness of the mating game. 
fair Sharply written script in the dialogue department. But the chemistry element wanes and a heart element is nearly absent. Still, light, funny, always amusing. Kudos to Cusack. 
good Whenever Cusack is on screen, the energy level of the movie just jumps up. 
good ...enough doses of the real world to elevate it above your average romantic-comedy fantasty. 
bad Cutesy stuff, breezily amusing but...a basically weightless and disposable date movie. 
very_bad The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me. 
bad One big product placement for a commercial dating service on the web. Its URL is only mentioned 2 or 3 times in the movie so I won't repeat it... unless they send a check. 
fair Harmless and enjoyable -- but it'll float right out of your brain within a couple hours of seeing it. 
bad If [it] ends with a painfully contrived set piece, it also . . . adds rowing lessons to the metaphors of foreplay 
fair Bland and forgettable -- a romantic comedy with affable characters and some funny lines, but where love never really takes flight. It fizzles when it should sizzle. 
terrible To paraphrase some hackerish blurb I just heard on the shill-y E! network: Must Love Dogs is in the doghouse. 
fair Really darn great by slasher standards, and even kind of pretty good by the standards of decent, functional, God-fearing modes of cinema. 
bad Just a little more skillfully done than many of its contemporaries, and whatever esteem I have for it is largely nostalgic, but at least it tries to be different. 
bad Sends you a chill down the spine that won't subside until those final few minutes...see it before the upcoming remake 
very_bad Just another slasher picture. 
very_bad The doc feels more padded than the floor mats Streb's gravity-defying dancers bounce off. 
bad ...stretch[es] the boundaries of expression while examining the limits people go to test themselves physically and emotionally. 
good Director Catherine Gund most successfully depicts the visceral impact of Streb's work ... 
bad Born to Fly is a solid profile of choreographer Elizabeth Streb, but it misses the opportunity to more effectively capture the blunt physicality of her work with the tools of cinema. 
good Without minimizing Monroe's crime, the movie becomes a de facto argument in favor of justice tempered with mercy and understanding rather than mandatory and draconian sentencing. 
good 'Evolution of a Criminal' is a documentary and a provocation, a movie and a bitter truth to swallow. 
good Few documentaries are as personal as Darius Clark Monroe's moving "Evolution of a Criminal," in which the filmmaker turns his camera on himself and members of his family to retell a painful story. 
fair ...as honest and raw a self-portrait as you're likely to get. Monroe doesn't seek pity, but instead presents himself as a cautionary tale. 
very_bad Nicholson gave the best analysis of the film in a later-career interview: "It was incredibly bad." 
very_bad Moody, not-quite-coherent suspense 
very_bad Tepid, shoddy stuff despite its pedigree. 
good Considering how low the budget obviously was, Bava does a great job crafting a classic giallo mystery. The film may even have inspired Wes Craven's "Scream 3," which was also a horror movie about the making of a horror movie. 
best Masterpiece about absolute truth. Best for teens. 
best "Rashomon" may be a prosecutor's nightmare, but it's a film lover's dream. 
best The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable. 
best Unmissable. 
very_good What Akira Kurosawa and his tiny production team wrought is now an accepted maxim of modern life, a creed by which to live in a world where everyone has a blog and an opinion. 
best Film buffs should love it. But so should anyone who appreciates a good yarn or two (or three or four). 
very_good a game-shifter that challenges all we think we know about truth 
best Astonishing. 
very_good ...reveals Kurosawa's own influence, especially on the filmmakers behind the recent rash of Japanese horror. 
good Kurosawa is always worth a look but this is a particular classic that has influenced so much to come, it's almost essential. 
best It does nothing less than demolishing everything its characters -- and some of its audience -- believed in. 
best I suspect that most people who come to Japanese cinema first enter it through Kurosawa. 
best A classic head-game of perception versus reality. 
best An ultimate classic that changed how films were told forever. By telling the story from each character's point of view, "Rashamon" explored how narrative can be biased, and how one person's story is never the whole tale. I highly recommend this film. 
best Copiado a exaustao por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon e inigualavel - nao apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela analise sobre a natureza humana. 
best Much of the power of the picture -- and it unquestionably has hypnotic power -- derives from the brilliance with which the camera of director Akira Kurosawa has been used. 
best Rashomon is a great piece of entertainment that engages your brain and your emotions 
best Rashomon (1950) struck the world of film like a thunderbolt. 
best The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening. 
best There is so much content in its 88-minute running time that even careful viewers feel their heads spinning when they first see it. 
best despite the many imitators, no one has quite duplicated the power and gnawing unease of this challenging film 
best A biting commentary on deceit, gender roles, and due process (not to mention Japanese culture). 
good Great. 
best Kurosawa's most brilliant move in Rashomon is never to reveal what really happened. We are left to make our own deductions. 
best A monument to Akira Kurosawa's greatness, combining his well-known humanism with an experimental narrative style that has become a hallmark of film history. 
best The film is not only a landmark for being one of the most philosophical and brilliant films of all time, but is also one of the most entertaining. 
best What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story. 
bad ...simply (and ultimately) unable to wholeheartedly justify its existence... 
good This delirious experience covers most bases and makes at least a cursory stab at the few it misses. 
good Werewolf thriller set during French revolution. 
best A 17th century French costume drama where everybody is Kung-fu fighting - with some highly watchable results! 
good Guaranteed to make you howl at the moon on your way out. 
best A stylish, smart, edgy, exciting and involving trek though familiar folklore, often better than the masses have been told and even more appealing after repeat viewings. 
good The film has a wonderful style and a sense of movement that barely slows down for its two and a half hours. 
good 'Magnifica oportunidad para poder apreciar otro tipo de cine de accion que no provenga de Hollywood, donde la calidad esta peleada con la taquilla y la maquinaria generadora de dolares.' 
good A delightfully eclectic piece of filmmaking. 
terrible If The Brotherhood of the Wolf has a reason for being, it may be only to prove that the French can make movies as silly, blood-soaked and overblown as the Americans. 
bad It's the best darned French werewolf kung-fu movie I've ever seen. That's not saying much. 
best Blends too many genres to be easily described, but whatever it is, it's awesome! 
good The damnedest thing I've seen since the Siegfried and Roy 3-D Imax movie. 
fair A big, sprawling adventure yarn that's a lot more like a Hollywood film than a European film ... 
fair In short, it's a big mess. I mean that in the best possible way. 
good thoroughly engrossing, a high-rent guilty pleasure whose subtitles do little to obscure its basic investment in the thrills of sex and violence 
fair Plenty of swash-buckling, ass-kicking, beast-taming and bone-crunching for everyone! 
fair It's such a thrilling piece of nonsense, it's little wonder it's already one of the most successful French films ever. 
good Exhilirating viewing, at least while the feet are flying and the fangs are baring. 
fair One of the most wildly and audaciously unpredictable movies in ages. 
fair This is visceral cinema with a devilish wit and a glossy sheen. 
good Utterly preposterous but so full of enthusiasm and flashy style that it's entertaining anyway. 
very_bad Suffers from its shotgun approach and a severe identity crisis. 
good Proof positive that Hollywood doesn't own exclusive rights to the "Enjoyable B-Movie". 
very_bad This new take on horror is more of the bloody same. 
bad A deeply ambitious picture, one of the most expensive and original to come out of France in many years. 
fair Imagine John Woo directing a lush French period horror film with fight choreography from The Matrix's Woo-Ping Yuen, and you'll have a pretty good idea what to expect from Wolf. 
fair Brotherhood is set in 18th century France, and it kicks more butt than The Patriot 
good Daring in its approach and successful in its result -- assuming the result is to provide pure entertainment to the viewer. 
bad If director Christophe Gans and writer Stephane Cabel had been content to simply make an 18th Century-set chopsocky creature feature, then all would have been fine. 
good Check your brains at the popcorn stand, ignore most of the florid, subtitled dialogue -- and sit back and enjoy this genre-bending wild ride. 
terrible A mad agglomeration of styles and traditions that ultimately results in nothing so much as a mad agglomeration of styles and traditions. 
terrible Gans appears to have no threshold of pain when it comes to his eardrums. 
terrible Gans splices genres without shame and makes a grand effort at proving that the French can make big, boneheaded, mass-market action flicks, too. 
very_good Gourmet Brie on a baguette -- empty calories, and certainly a guilty pleasure, but what a delicious diversion. 
good I would be lying if I did not admit that this is all, in its absurd and overheated way, entertaining. 
good A cross-cultural hoot that no one should take too seriously. 
good The picture has a daring attention-span deficit and an epic silliness that can be awesomely entertaining. 
terrible Brutal. Ugly. Predictable. Boring. Stereotypical. Comical. Violent. Lethargic. 
fair Despite its laughable elements, the film's eerie ambience continually bolsters its integrity... 
very_bad Its beast, which looks like a papier-mache dinosaur, jumps around like a cheap monster from a bad 1950's sci-fi flick. 
good Gans's Gallic super-production is so outrageously trashy it's impossible not to like. 
very_good Imagine what it'd be like if John Woo were a French guy obsessed with Lautrecian brothels. 
very_bad The result will leave serious cinephiles cold and bore those in search of lurid cheap thrills. 
good The combatants in pre-revolutionary France could have taught Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan a lesson. 
fair De cualquier modo, y pese a su duracion, la pelicula es pasajera, suficientemente buena, y tiene elementos que pueden disfrutarse... 
fair One of Spielberg's most difficult "problem" films. 
best This is Spielberg's way of showing that these warriors were ordinary men -- men who, if they survived, became the grandfathers and great-grandfathers who, these days, pass largely unnoticed through life. 
good Spielberg's latest masterwork, pairing America's director with '90s Everyman Tom Hanks, makes a natural companion piece to his similarly disturbing Schindler's List. 
good Spielberg's typically overindulgent sensibilities mute the impact of the film's more overtly captivating moments. 
good Ultimately, it lacks the resonance of such classics as All Quiet on the Western Front, but this is still well-meaning, strongly acted and slickly mounted, and ranks among the director's very best films. 
best By now we expect this level of performance and narrative competence from a Spielberg film. But what makes Saving Private Ryan a watershed is its emotional maturity. 
good Technically, it may be the best-made war movie yet, but dramatically, it barely delivers. 
best The cast functions as an effective and believable unit. And Hanks gives a strong, increasingly solemn performance as its mysterious leader. 
best Anyone who would like to know what superb filmmaking is all about need look no further than this overpowering movie. 
best The great Hollywood battle films have told us repeatedly that war is hell. Saving Private Ryan, more than any other, is the one that shows it. 
good Thanks to Hanks, and Spielberg's technical finesse, this develops into a powerful and potent portrayal of men at war, and those opening 20 minutes are worth the price of entry alone. 
good Bloody, tragic war epic doesn't hold back. 
best It deserved all the honors it received, looks and sounds great on Blu-ray, and safely remains among the best war movies of all time. 
best Saving Private Ryan set a new benchmark for realism in WWII films, and defined war movies for a generation. A film of scope and vision rarely experienced, its award-winning cinematography and sound editing helped convey the blood-chilling images of 
best I personally have never fought in a war before but I would go out on a limb and say that the first twenty minutes of the film may be the most realistic war scene I have seen. 
bad It's forty minutes of steely violence and two hours of cliche-ridden flab. 
very_good Saving Private Ryan is an incredible movie, a near-masterpiece. 
fair The opening 30 minutes are so devastating that much of what follows ends up feeling anticlimactic. Good, but overrated. 
best Neither wholly condemning war, nor spouting patriotism, Spielberg shows us the price we pay. 
best Uncompromising, powerful war movie that does not pull any punches. Pefectly balances the inhumanity of war and the humanity of its protagonists. Devastating and essential viewing. 
very_good It's Spielberg at his best, although the movie doesn't match the primal thrills of Jaws or the overwhelming excellence of Schindler's List. 
fair Even the music score by John Williams, one of the most important ingredients of Spielberg's magic formula, is hardly memorable. The acting, on the other hand, is very good. 
best The movie's greatest strength lies in phenomenal performances that reach from the leads right down to the smallest supporting roles... 
good The platoon is an unlikely combination of heroes, cowards and crusaders. 
best This film does for World War II what Platoon and The Deer Hunter did for Vietnam. It takes you there. 
very_good Saving Private Ryan is far from flawless, but it's an important movie. It shows what America was once capable of, how a threat to freedom and justice was met with resolve and bravery, and how a great victory came at great cost. 
best Very few movies strike the delicate balance that Private Ryan maintains between harsh reality and higher purpose. 
bad The combat scenes alone make it a must-see, but I sometimes wished I could fast-forward through the rest. 
good The greatest Steven Spielberg movie since the last great one? Sure. 
good El desembarco en Normandia es un evento famoso de la Historia, pero nunca habia sido fotografiado en esta forma. 
best This is an important film that deconstructs war machines into separate, frightened men as it so likely was. 
very_good A message which can never be spoken too often, or for too long. 
best With complete visual and aural technical mastery, Spielberg and Kaminski thrust us face-first into the fighting, and never let us back out for two hours and forty minutes. 
best Saving Private Ryan may be the most mature war film ever made. 
best For those who are willing to brave the movie's shocking and unforgettable images, Saving Private Ryan offers a singular motion picture experience. 
best A powerful experience. 
best Despite nearly six decades of filmmakers trying to come to grips with [World War II, Saving Private Ryan] feels like the first truly honest attempt to deal with the horrors of combat -- and the terrible responsibility shared by all survivors. 
very_good Saving Private Ryan is one of the most brilliant pieces of film ever created. I don't think I'll ever be able to watch it again. 
very_good The performances are all superb. 
best With its riveting combat drama played out against a D-Day backdrop, Saving Private Ryan is a masterpiece of World War II heroism. 
best The most intense modern war movie ever made. 
best With Private Ryan the object is to put you in a place no sane person would choose to go. And it does. 
best The standard has been raised. 
best As compelling, intimate and brutally realistic an account of men at war as you've ever seen. 
best An experience that left me shaken and deeply moved. 
best An experience sometimes hard to endure but not to be missed. 
best Once again, Steven Spielberg proves that as a constructer of movie images, he's unbeatable. 
best A stunning piece of work that aims and hits the audience square in the gut. 
best Spielberg has done and said a lot more about war in this film than any other film in history ever has. 
good A bitter, bloody masterpiece with adrenalized emotions and hyper-realized images. 
best Spielberg opens in flashback with a half-hour set piece brilliant enough to climax any other masterpiece. 
very_good Spielberg has obviously poured his heart into this movie. 
good Certain to be one of the year's most popular and talked-about movies. 
very_good ...Features the strongest character interactions of any Spielberg work post-Jaws 
best Launches and climaxes with two of the greatest extended battle sequences ever put on film. 
good A good movie, but, like Amistad, it has its problems. 
good It is the battle scenes, which burn in your mind for days afterwards, that distinguish this film. 
best A war film that, entirely aware of its genre's conventions, transcends them as it transcends the simplistic moralities that inform its predecessors, to take the high, morally haunting ground. 
good Absolutely genuine, graphic, testament of the actual horrors of war. 
best Una de las experiencias cinematograficas mejor logradas y mas impactantes de muchos, muchos anos 
best The word that springs to mind is 'intense', but that is an understating insult. 
best Saving Private Ryan is a brilliant, savage piece of filmmaking, a soaring paean to the courage of man -- as individual and as family. 
very_good The honesty and realism of some of the scenes of this film may forever change the war film. 
best Ralph Waldo Emerson once said that 'war educates the senses,' and that statement has never been truer than when applied to Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan. 
good Fascinating array of work 
bad Never catches its rhythm. 
bad Makes music almost an afterthought, and as such it never truly sings. 
good Irresistible to all those with the slightest speck of Irish blood running in their veins. Or even those non-Irish viewers with a weakness for Irish plays, Irish music, Irish dancing, lilting Irish accents or pints of Guinness. 
bad Don't ever think that Hollywood has the market cornered on formula flicks. Those folks from across the pond, in Britain and its environs, can do predictable with the best of them. 
bad Pushes the least interesting relationships to the front and shoves the most interesting ones too the back. 
bad While there's lots of great Ceili music on tap, it's wrapped in a story so traditional that it's not especially interesting. 
bad Everyone is likable in John Irvin's appealing if obvious little fable about two estranged brothers and their ceili, or traditional Irish, bands. 
bad Isn't a total loss, but neither does it have the charm of The Full Monty or other feel-good indie Brit flicks it emulates. 
bad As thin and frothy as the head on a pint of Guinness. 
good Lots of lively tunes and spirited acting. 
fair The music compensates for the movie's broad high jinks and soapy romantic contrivances, handled with slick, cold hands by director John Irvin. 
very_good An irresistible Irish comedy, lovingly told, beautifully acted and graced with the perfect balance of chuckles and bittersweet heartache. 
good A delightful drama about some feisty souls involved in an Irish musical competition and their close encounters with the difficult spiritual art of letting go. 
good 'County Clare' is a real treat! 
good Audiences will be hard-pressed to find a more satisfying or enjoyable entertainment than this splendid Celtic feast for the eyes and the ears. 
bad Agreeably soapy, but if you're not a Ceili fan, you're likely to doze off by the end of the first reel. 
bad More a historic reference than a sustained comedy, but it does have Doris Day and great cast. 
good A terrifically gripping WWII drama that manages to balance introspection with bursts of battlefield action. 
bad If the story were as compelling as it should be, we would have wept over the injustice of it all and unfortunately, that didn't happen. 
fair It would be quite impossible to claim is that the filmmaker's love of his subject isn't apparent throughout every lovingly-crafted frame. 
good The screenplay has flashes of real wit, and Perlman is perfect in the title role. 
bad Somewhat entertaining, but too scary for many. 
good Hellboy both kicks butt and falls in love, in an adventure that is thrilling, funny and touching. 
good A strong anti-superhero movie that turns the genre sideways. 
good Ron Perlman--the Lon Chaney of our time--plays Hellboy with grit, humor, and a depth of feeling which, barely, grounds the movie. 
bad They say the devil gets all the best tunes and, on the strength of this latest comicbook adaptation, he gets all the good one-liners, too. 
good Perlman, at age 53, strides in like a hungry young actor itching to prove something, only with 22 years of experience lending him charisma and confidence. 
good As expertly played by Perlman, even with tons of make-up and prostheteics, our hero is a good 'monster' whose origin haunts him to the bone. 
good Stylish sci-fi director Guillermo Del Toro brings Mike Mignola's stone-fisted, horny (literally!) cult comic book hero to life in this wry, glossy adventure. 
good An experience you can't miss. 
bad ... a dull, derivative, poorly plotted movie. Hellboy's enemies are interesting at first, but they wear out their welcome quickly. 
bad The trouble with computer graphics in films these days is that a computer doesn't have half the imagination of a human. 
good A briefly entertaining but forgettable adventure. 
bad It hasn't got the breakout potential of less eccentric comic book heroes, but fans will thank the dark squid gods for del Toro's admirable loyalty to the source material. 
good Extremely enjoyable comic-book romp -- impressively directed with a witty, imaginative script and a terrific central performance from Perlman. 
fair This good-looking superhero adventure tackles all of life's big questions -- what is the nature of evil, are genes more influential than the environment, and who would win in a fight between a shaven-horned demon and a giant hellborn squid. 
good It works big time. 
bad A richly imaginative comicbook world is unveiled in Hellboy. If only the story was as strong. 
good 'Es un buen trabajo para Del Toro pero todavia muy alejado de lo que nos tiene acostumbrados. Recomendada especialmente para fans del comic.' 
very_bad Parts of Hellboy are enjoyable enough, I guess, but there's way, way too much to potentially enjoy. 
good Buena fotografia, excelente maquillaje, llamativos efectos y un guion inteligente para saber que no es un producto serio, sino una historieta llevada a la pantalla. 
bad Hellboy is sort of a Denis Leary Catholic: Snarls a lot, tromps around in a grungy coat, and chomps on tobacco products continuously. 
bad Prende a atencao do espectador gracas aos seus interessantes personagens e ao rico universo no qual estes vivem. 
bad While Comic Book Movies may be the new fad, I'm hoping that the trend will quickly end its tenure of terrorizing the cinematic landscape. 
bad The grim humor is ironically enjoyable and makes this film worth seeing. But neither del Toro nor Mignola knows who Hellboy should be. 
bad Dynamic in disposition, but ineffectually conveyed. 
good Depths of character draw us in and make the film much more than an exercise in eye-poppingly inventive design, make-up, effects and action. 
good Hellboy will strike a chaotic chord with audiences that appreciate their dark and stylish comic book narratives as mysteriously inviting and highly spirited 
bad Perlman plays the adult Hellboy to perfection: part blustery, stogie-chomping tough guy in a mean leather duster, and part angsty teenager, sick and tired of being confined to the BPRD lest his appearance incite a riot among the general populace. 
bad I think it's worth checking out on the big screen if you're even slightly interested. I think seeing it with an audience may help. 
good Overall, Hellboy is a hot time in the old town, a great comic book movie writ large. 
bad Although Perlman's presence provides the heart and soul of Hellboy, the film's fire dies down the moment he disappears from sight 
good ...reminiscent of both The League of Extraordinary Gentleman, but with a better story, and Men in Black, but less adorable. 
fair Sly humor, restrained violence/language, and a terrific -- and very crimson -- Ron Perlman position Hellboy as a cut above your average Mutants vs. Nazis flick. 
good If you're planning to take a comic book to the big screen, Guillermo del Toro is the man you want behind the camera. 
very_good Perlman invests him with such genuine emotions -- both good and bad -- that we never for a second doubt his plausibility as a character or why he makes the choices he does. 
bad It works basically because of Ron Perlman. 
good Master director Guillermo Del Toro artistically glues the fanciful bits to his celluloid canvas creating a visual feast for the imagination! Read on-> 
good Finally, we have an excellent fresh treatment for a comic book hero. 
bad A great concept burdened by an unwieldy back story... 
fair It doesn't leave the "Is that it?" aftertaste that cursed Daredevil, but it definitely feels like something we've seen before ... many, many times before. 
fair It would have been so easy to play Hellboy as caricature, but [Ron] Perlman provides the character heart, soul, and the richness of life. 
bad This movie isn't original enough, exciting enough, or humorous enough to sustain interest, let alone spawn the expected sequel or two. 
good ...wickedly funny and action packed... 
fair OK, the CGI stuff is getting better. But it still looks like CGI stuff. 
very_good As good a comic book flick as I've seen in years. 
fair ...un heureux melange de bande dessinee inventive et de monstres 'lovecraftiens'... 
fair Combining CG with matte paintings, models and animatronics, writer/director Guillermo del Toro fosters the fun and ingenuity that fuel this often-confusing horror fantasy. 
very_good Succeeds as a supernatural special-effects free-for-all, a no-holds-barred monster throwdown and even a love story. 
bad Writer/director Guillermo del Toro puts too much effort on image and not enough on background. 
good Thanks to the singular vision of director Guillermo del Toro and Mike Mignola's gloriously dark source material, Hellboy is a wicked trip into the fantastic. 
very_good [Hellboy's] actions are believable, his issues are sympathetic, and his humor is genuinely funny. 
good The world created in Hellboy seems to reveal something clever at every turn...I hope that there's a sequel. 
fair With all pro's and con's tallied, Hellboy stands as a durable popcorn entertainment with definite potential to become a franchise. 
good I've seen bad superhero movies before. This is not a bad superhero movie. Enjoy. 
good A wonderfully pulpy thrill ride full of awesome computer-generated and make-up effects. 
good The film hits its stride in all the moments where del Toro forgets about his silly hocus-pocus Apocalypse and lets his heroes interact and grow. 
good Somehow del Toro gives the movie unexpected rhythm and spirit; don't be surprised if you get caught up in this weirdly affecting tale... 
fair This superhero character would seem to confirm the oft held view that we are molded by our environment. 
bad [Hellboy] is gloomily gorgeous, but its tone careens recklessly between light comedy and dark portentousness and the character relationships suffer. 
good Easily the most adept comic book adaptation since Ghost World. 
good [del Toro] doesn't quite knock it out of the park like X2 or Spider-Man, but that's not because of a weak swing. 
good If you don't normally go to films where the lead characters look like giant Pez dispensers, the slogging fights of Hellboy may seem like purgatory. But there's enough going on in between the big action sequences to save the movie from mediocrity. 
bad It's a movie for people (the guy kind) who can't stop turning the pages of comic books, who want life to be serialized. 
bad Hellboy is at its best in the first half. That's when we get to watch him in action. But director Guillermo del Toro ultimately allows the film to run out of steam. 
fair Fast, funny, and flippant. 
very_bad While the character of Hellboy is entertaining, the film in which he appears is largely an exploitative jumble. 
good I don't know if Hellboy has had a Beauty and the Beast relationship in his comic-book life, but if he did, the filmmakers did right by him in casting Ron Perlman. 
good Silly stuff, to be sure, but Perlman is so spectacular that he holds it together. 
bad A film for comic book fanatics, children and fantasy fans, but it's hardly a heavenly experience for those who prefer actual literature. 
fair Wickedly good! 
good Despite its shallow feel, Hellboy still succeeds as a piece of relentless pop entertainment. 
very_good If you identified with the freakish misfits of The X-Men, you'll love Hellboy and friends. They are a helluva lot X-ier. 
fair Surprisingly enjoyable. 
good Del Toro's wittiest, most visually diverse feature to date. 
bad Guillermo del Toro's above-average if not-quite-spectacular adaptation of Hellboy sticks to this expectation-flipping recipe and retains the comic's cheeky, po-mo spirit. 
good Far be it from me to endorse yet another franchise, but thanks to del Toro and a smart script, Hellboy is so entertaining that you long to see what further heck this gang can raise. 
good The constant winking at the audience does get a little tiresome, but for the most part, the film is a fun and thrilling action piece. 
very_good Del Toro clearly knows exactly what he's doing. With the big budget of Hellboy, he was given the tools to do it well, along with the freedom to do it right. 
very_good Hellboy is one of those rare movies that's not only based on a comic book, but also feels like a comic book. It's vibrating with energy, and you can sense the zeal and joy in its making. 
fair He's finally figured out what to do with a big budget ... Yet del Toro still hasn't figured out some basic storytelling tenets. 
good An action movie with a brain, a heart, the nerve. 
fair Comic fans should enjoy the movie, but those with only a passing interest won't be as enthralled. 
bad Essentially, Hellboy is another WWF Smackdown movie. 
good Perlman, who has become a modern-day Lon Chaney with the variety of monsters and weird characters he has played, has his best role... 
good A damned good time. 
fair Purists may be disgruntled with parts of the story, but they'll agree that Hellboy captures the essence of the big, lovable lug with attitude to spare. 
fair Filled with even doses of action, humor and multi-dimensional characters with heart, Hellboy is everything a comic book movie should be. 
fair Making no apologies for the source material, director Guillermo del Toro lets his picture gorge on power bars of pop energy, sugared with sprinkles of playful humour. 
bad I enjoyed the first 90 minutes and was ready to give this a recommend, but the last 30 minutes sent the movie straight to hell for me. 
good [F]eels like a genre classic for much of its running time, until it tails off sharply in its final third. 
bad Portions of the movie capture the spirit of the clever source material, yet it eventually becomes another generic action flick bogged down by the weight of its CGI effects. 
very_good Most heroes need a cape. Hellboy needs a hug. 
very_good Hell, yeah. 
very_good This movie is an astoundingly colorful and exceedingly entertaining showcase of Demonic Superheroes vs. Slimy Monsters. 
good Ron Perlman is almost frighteningly perfect. 
bad A comic book you've never heard of is brought to the big screen gleaming with enthusiasm, even if the script could have used more polish. 
bad Hellboy is as magnificent looking a comic book film as I've ever seen, but an increased sense of boredom detached me about midway through. 
good Hellboy has an amazing soul and sense of drama that exceeds what you get from most comic book movies. 
bad A fiery action picture destined to please fans of other comics-turned-adventure flicks such as X-Men. The rest of us will find ourselves left out in the cold. 
fair Hellboy is the most engaging comic-book movie character to emerge in years, and his complex personality is perfectly personified by Ron Perlman, with a prosthetic assist. 
bad Though there's nothing particularly new in the Hellboy narrative, it's easy to be captivated by del Toro's style and the film's overall panache. 
good What separates Hellboy from your run-of-the-mill comic book movie is, ironically, that it feels like it's about real people. 
good Hellboy is on fire with scares and laughs and del Toro's visionary dazzle. 
fair Perlman is the best casting in the history of super-hero films. 
bad Hellboy the character is a great deal more interesting than Hellboy the movie. 
fair Guillermo del Toro lets loose with a vaudevillian rambunctiousness that makes his adaptation of the Hellboy comic book series daffy, loose and lovable. 
fair If you're a Hellboy fan, the film is a must-see. For others, don't bother. 
good The most successful transformation from pulp page to big screen since Tim Burton's Batman in 1989. 
good Faithful to its pulp roots and lacking the cumbersome self-seriousness of many a comic-book adaptation, Hellboy is, well, hellacious good fun. 
fair Visually attractive, but not much else. 
good A fully formed, funny, smart and briskly entertaining horror show. 
very_good A welcome change of pace from the senseless sensibilities of most Hollywood comic-book spectacles. 
bad The movie feels at odds with itself, embracing the comics' idiosyncratic creations without an idiosyncratic worldview. 
fair A fun monster movie. 
fair The promise is in the premise. Next time (and after Hellboy makes millions, there will be a next time), someone just has to make good on it. 
good Despite several drawbacks, Hellboy nevertheless succeeds in entertaining. 
fair (Perlman's) rumbling, ironic lilt and cynical cigar-chomping give charismatic aplomb to this supernatural superhero... 
good One part fierce, one part vulnerable: like the director, like his heroes. 
bad del Toro's focus on the mood and the effects unfortunately causes the characters to suffer 
very_good Ron Perlman as Hellboy might be the best casting ever of a superhero...he's cooler than the movie is. 
good I've never laid an eye on Mignola's comic, but I know a good del Toro film when I see it. 
bad A long, violent, cigar commercial that's for Hellboy comic book fans only. 
bad If it weren't for the sag in the story's pacing halfway through that threatens to have the whole thing implode in on itself, it would be a perfect flight of fancy. 
bad Moving, powerful movie of two brothers. 
good Sherritt has been in a lot of movies, but the role of Rev. Maclean seems like one he was born to play. He owns it, the way that Pitt and Sheffer own theirs, and as a result it takes no time at all to believe this group as a family and become involved. 
fair Even set against the Sierra Club beauty of Redford's Montana, it's hard to get excited by fisherman casting their lines into the water. 
good A great movie to watch with the family at Christmas. 
fair A specialist in bringing books to life as movies, Redford has a knack for finding what matters in the text and making sure it ends up on screen. 
good Brad Pitt's breakthrough...a nostalgic, fine telling. 
bad Nice to look at but rather dull 
very_bad How exciting is fly-fishing as a metaphor? 
very_bad Disappointing drama. Some moving moments while fly fishing, but a senseless tear-jerker end just seems desperate. 
very_good Here are two things I never thought I'd say: I like a movie about fly fishing, and Robert Redford has directed one of the most ambitious, accomplished films of the year. 
good A very unusual Hollywood movie: it is literary and it has a heart of gold. 
good A truly remarkable film. Redford's direction is unmatching. 
good A beautifully made and photographed story of familial bonds. 
bad Director Redford also addresses the theme of loving families who do not communicate pain well. 
bad Don't be put off by the fact that this is a fishing movie, A River Runs Through It is about as absorbing as it gets. 
very_good Redford and his writer, Richard Friedenberg, understand that most of the events in any life are accidential or arbitrary, especially the crucial ones, and we can exercise little conscious control over our destinies. 
fair It's pleasant and inoffensive in the nicest possible manner. 
fair What compels Robert Redford to make movies from seemingly impossible subject matter?... Whatever the motivation, we are the richer for his labors. 
best This is a movie that is not only highly entertaining but will remain etched in the memories of audience members for some time to come. 
very_good This has the feel of something genuine: sweet, touching, and sentimental. 
fair ...an appealing premise that's employed to watchable (if entirely uneven) effect by filmmaker Stanley Kramer... 
bad ...rather tame and superficial by today's standards: a gentle, sentimental comedy on the subject of interracial marriage. 
good Civil rights, love, and family stress. 
fair Tracy looks tired in this draggy production; he died soon afterward, and it's infuriating to watch him sweat to inject fire into such pap. 
good A most delightfully acted and gracefully entertaining film. 
best It would be easy to tear the plot to shreds and catch Kramer in the act of copping out. But why? On its own terms, this film is a joy to see, an evening of superb entertainment. 
bad An earnest liberal outing that today seems passive, tame and condescending, but still watchable because of the performances of Tracy, Hepburn and Poitier. 
good Well-meaning and generally effective. 
fair As an opus on race relations, Dinner certainly seems a bit daring, but it's just not standing the test of time terribly well. 
very_bad We've been here before, and we'll be here again. 
terrible ...[a] dead zone of a movie. 
terrible You'd probably get the same enjoyment out of watching a public safety advert. 
fair A serviceable entry in the low-budget horror column, and makes the most of its limited resources with stirring imagery and a full-blown performance by its star. 
terrible 'Soul' is the one of the many things lacking in this sad excuse for a horror film. 
terrible Yawn. 
very_bad When it thinks it is building atmosphere and mystery, it's really just meandering and suffering from dank cinematography. 
very_bad Blatantly cannibalising every horror movie it can think of in the attempt to produce some patchwork Frankenstein's monster. 
terrible A toothless, fright-free journey into dullsville. 
terrible An exercise in spinning wheels, a muddle of images, ideas, and characters that don't go anywhere, let alone make any sense. 
terrible [A] jumbled botch. 
terrible A badly acted, unoriginal, irritating movie...Easily one of the worst films of 2001. 
very_bad Though overly reliant on quick-cut montages and shots of Cassie running down hallways, writer/director Steve Carpenter delivers some modest thrills alongside the usual teen-horror cliches. 
terrible Soulless, spookless sludge. 
very_bad Despite the handsome production values and best efforts of the attractive young cast, it's hard to get deeply involved with the frantic 'what's going on?' sturm und drang. 
terrible Survivors is a truly awful mix of bad direction, nonsensical story line and dialogue that appears to have been made up on the spot. 
terrible It's a real struggle to survive Soul Survivors to the finish. 
terrible Soul Survivors is such a numbingly opaque and enervating movie experience that even Jeepers Creepers seems poetic and luminous by comparison. 
terrible Carpenter's script rummages through a closetful of horror-movie cliches and drags them all out sooner or later. 
terrible So awful I feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it. 
terrible A sentimental story of little suspense and scant terror. 
good If most thrillers were as original and well-made as this one, we'd all be very lucky. 
terrible A pathetic parade of standard-issue jumps and frights that can't raise a single goosebump. 
bad The problem here isn't just the ludicrous and sometimes-confusing story. It also features awesomely awful dialogue. 
very_bad A by-the-numbers horror movie whose only real scare comes from the sudden blast of a starter's pistol at a swim meet. 
very_bad It doesn't entertain, it's confusing, it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime, despite a pretty cool ending 
terrible A somnolent international crime thriller. Completely run-of-the-mill and executed with zero energy. 
fair Halloween III, while not a complete success, at least offers something different from the norm. 
good Halloween III: Season of the Witch might have been hated back in the day, but it simply doesn't deserve the anger and animosity nowadays. 
good It is high time for viewers with a hang-up to reevaluate the pleasures that Halloween III: Season of the Witch has to offer. 
very_bad There are more than enough giant logic holes, stilted characters and idiotic developments to make sure that it is bad for reasons transcending its simple poorness as a sequel 
very_bad Has little connection with first two "Halloweens," including true terror. 
bad Though the film certainly isn't awful, the filmmakers couldn't decide on their focus. 
terrible Something stinks! 
very_bad This is one of those Identikit movies, assembled out of familiar parts from other, better movies. 
bad Mr. Wallace clearly has a fondness for the cliches he is parodying and he does it with style. 
terrible Oh boy, this is a howler, justly ranked as one of the worst films in history and shocking in that it didn't kill Carpenter's career outright. 
bad Very peculiar variant on Invasion of the Body Snatchers. Connected to the Halloween series in name only. 
bad Points for trying something new, but the results are more laughable than terrifying. 
bad Though essentially a recording of the stage production, this film is still recommended, provided you understand that the thespians are over-enunciating and exaggerating their body movements to engage folks watching in the theater, not on a screen. 
very_good a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres 
best One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon. 
good It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf. 
bad A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore. 
good The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience. 
bad Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope. 
fair Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable. 
very_good A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things. 
terrible I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast. 
bad Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions. 
very_good Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind. 
very_good Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget. 
best Oh, the horror! 
good a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen 
fair ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic. 
good For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer. 
very_good Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie. 
good Though it is relentlessly violent and at times difficult to watch, The World Of Kanako possesses a raw momentum that is undeniable. 
best Family entertainment at its best. 
good This is a zanily inventive piece of work, with delightful special effects, which set the style for a long series of live-action Disney films. 
good One of Disney's milestone live-action films. 
very_bad Tepid live action Disney. 
good Goofy comedy classic. 
good Classic Disney, classic MacMurry. 
best Fun! 
good Enjoyable Disney effects comedy with good cast. 
very_bad Disney life-action for the simple-minded. 
good Dated and silly, but still good family fun. 
fair The original's simple humor looks remarkably tired compared with the story's energetic and much more inventive remake. 
very_bad One of the silliest hostage thrillers you're ever likely to see Patrick Stewart vamp his way through. 
terrible The title could not be a more ironic--the people behind this film don't have a single mind between them, let alone one to master. 
bad This 'Donnie Darko Tale' is all style, no substance - a superficial imitation that retraces the original's twists and turns but offers none of its own. 
terrible It's been reported that Richard Kelly has completely disowned this movie, and for good reason 
very_bad The entire project seems to sweat from the exertion of its writer Nathan Atkins and director Chris Fisher to do something-anything-to make the film worthwhile. 
very_bad It wants to echo the original but can't figure out the rhythms. 
terrible a thick, viscous sludge of cliches, stereotypes, and poorly written dialogue 
bad A sexy, suspenseful thriller. A great cast 
bad An OK whodunit with a memorable, unintentionally hilarious ending. 
very_bad Jim Carrey succeeds but the film is too mean-spirited and its supporting players too one-dimensional to make this story worthwhile. 
good ILYPM is quite good and it's a shame that this film was shunted around the backburners for so long. 
bad Inspirada en una increible historia real, esta comedia de Jim Carrey no es para nada la tipica comedia de Jim Carrey, aunque haga uso de sus habituales recursos histrionicos. Una comedia romantica absurda, irreverente y gay. 
very_good A remarkably strong debut... 
very_good You have to hand it to Jim Carrey. He could take the easy paycheck time after time in bland movie after bland movie, but he keeps on running down these weird roads and that's where he winds up doing his best work. 
very_good Leaving aside the extent in which the premise of I Love You Phillip Morris is essentially very sad and serious, this is overall an extremely funny and at times very sweet romantic comedy. 
good This is the most interesting role Carrey has had in a long while. 
very_good It's a joy to see Carrey used in a way that revels in his schizophrenic nature while also trying to make some authentic emotional sense of it as well. 
very_good I like the outre screwball flavor of the piece; it feels a little like Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can crossed with one of John Waters' gently transgressive cult movies. 
terrible ...a minstrel show of gay stereotypes. 
good A few words of warning: I Love You Phillip Morris has nothing to do with the powerful tobacco company or the man it was named after. 
very_good I Love You Phillip Morris is first and foremost a romantic comedy -- and a more effective one than any to hit theaters in 2010. 
fair It's hard to tell who the film is designed for, since it may be too juvenile for gay audiences and too gay for Carrey's straight fans. 
terrible Smirking and awkwardly insincere, it revolves around the shocking scams of a bizarre sociopath. 
bad It's a jokey, flirty pile of wink-wink to let the audience know these two heterosexual actors are pretending to be in love just to get a laugh. 
good If nothing else -- restores Jim Carrey to a semblance of his former glory. 
bad Lots of hilarious antics, but not a comprehensive film. 
good The latest in a series of fact-inspired, cartoonish movies ('Ed Wood,' 'Shattered Glass') about self-invented American strivers driven to practical insanity as they simultaneously rebel against and desperately grasp at the American dream. 
bad Carrey veers more toward In Living Color mimicry than Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind soulfulness. That approach completely undermines a love story that's already being told in a slipshod manner. 
very_good I do recommend it for the adults among us. 
good An amusing and weirdly affectionate ride. Anyone want to sign up for the Free Steven Russell movement? 
fair [The] elaborate cons may be fascinating, daring stuff, but the heart of the picture is the romantic relationship, which is squeezed out to the edges. 
good A satisfying and often very funny film. 
fair Jim Carrey gives it his all. The con makes this movie worth seeing even if you never feel the love. 
terrible It's confused and confusing, by turns hilarious and off-putting. In short, it's awfully hard to love I Love You Philip Morris. 
good A charismatic little underdog of a movie. 
good Yes, some familiar Carrey tactics are on display, but the star's performance has real heart - it's easily the best thing he has done since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. 
fair The trouble is that, while Carrey is transforming himself into a guy who fills a hole in his soul with a big big love, Ewan McGregor is barely skimming the surface of his (admittedly underwritten) nice-guy role. 
good A delirious comedy that remains on track largely thanks to Jim Carrey's goofy but grounded performance. 
bad It's satire, but not quite funny enough; a love story, but not quite sincere enough. 
good Another fantastic performance by Carrie, not be mention McGregor. Living proof that the only difference between fact and fiction is that fiction has to make sense. 
good It's funny because it's true. That's the idea behind the mad-love story I Love You Phillip Morris, which gets its kicks by being much stranger than fiction. 
fair As a romantic comedy, it's better than any of the half-hearted, interchangeable flicks that normally dominate the genre, in part because of the smart laughs, but mostly because it refuses to play to genre conventions. 
fair The romance between them is touching at its best moments, corny at its worst. 
very_good It finds the humor in an unlikely love story, and it resists any temptation to play it straight. 
good The role is a good fit for Carrey, who manages to dial down his usual mug-a-minute schtick while still being funny, capturing the manic, paranoid heart fluttering beneath Russell's trust-me exterior. 
fair Carrey is truly great in one of those rare risky roles that prove he can do more than pull faces, although the frank portrayal of an alpha male who is also "gay, gay, gay, gay, gay" is sure to make some percentage of his fan base squirm. 
fair Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of I Love You Phillip Morris is its inability to maintain the high level at which it begins -- a withering lampoon of wholesome, middle class values. 
bad There's plenty to scratch your head about here. Is it a drama? A comedy? And if it's a farce, what's it making fun of? 
bad Proof that just because a story is strange and seemingly unlikely does not inherently make it worth the telling. 
fair Laugh-out-loud hilarious one moment and darkly tragic the next, I Love You Phillip Morris' tone is wildly uneven, never quite sure of what sort of movie it wants to be-and I loved it for it. 
good This isn't great farce, but it's more than good enough. And Carrey is more than good enough in it. 
very_good Carrey makes the role seem effortless; he deceives as spontaneously as others breathe. 
bad Steven Russell is a slippery character that the film never fully gets its hands on. 
fair It would have worked much better as a gritty drama about the most toxic non-violent criminal in Texas history. 
good A story about love that truly binds in an outrageous way and what one man would do to make sure he would not have a broken heart. It's adorable and will have you laughing along the way. 
good There's plenty of sweetness at the core of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa's bold, bleak little comedy I Love You Phillip Morris. 
good ...a warm, witty work of unassuming delight that just so happens to be about two men in love... 
bad Wacky but mature comedy examines a love with no limits. 
bad With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen. 
good The rails could have come off Phillip Morris in so many ways, it's a miracle that the film sticks together as well as it does. 
good [Both] stars prove to be enormous fun in a gay love story played straight in a thoroughly crooked context -a comic crooked context, mind you... 
good Such an endearing oddity that you have to wonder exactly for whom it was made. But I'm glad they did nonetheless. 
terrible "I Love You Phillip Morris" not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie. 
very_bad Directors John Requa and Glenn Ficarra, who wrote the wickedly hilarious Bad Santa, assume a mocking tone that falls flat. They aspire for a cleverly offbeat vibe, but it feels forced and calculated. 
fair Laugh-out-loud funny at moments and surprisingly touching in others, I Love You Phillip Morris has the potential to be a dark horse contender come awards season. 
very_bad That the same-sex relationship is treated nonchalantly, like any more conventional Hollywood romance, is appreciated, but that is roughly where the praise must unfortunately end. 
bad Though Carrey seems to be giving his heart to Steven's romance with Phillip, and pouring a lot of sweat equity into very vigorous sex, he never gets beyond his Jim Carrey-ness to let us discover the character. 
good sort of like a darker, weirder Catch Me If You Can 
good The movie, written and directed by John Requa and Glen Ficara of Bad Santa fame, is all over the place. But it's also outrageously funny. 
fair ...a brave and funny film that is worth seeing, especially if you are looking for something original. 
bad Mr. Carrey has balls of brass, but seeing him dressed flamboyantly in fish-net bikinis and high-heel Nancy Sinatra boots is an experience I hope never to repeat again in this lifetime. 
bad Carrey and McGregor are both excellent at plumbing the depths of their intentionally broad characters. 
good A raw and unadulterated comedy that finds true emotion within its characters and its humor from the fact that some of the craziest bits really happened. 
good It's the pull no punches ridiculousness of I Love You Phillip Morris that's the real draw. It has tenderness without sentimentality and poses real questions about the psychic dangers of deception. 
good An over-the-top and out-of-the-box movie about a creative conman's quest for true love. 
good Jim Carrey, as a queer con artist motivated by undying passion for a cellmate, brings a euphoric energy to this insubordinate farce. 
fair Jim Carrey plays to both his comic fan base and those who want to see him stretch that limber frame with I Love You Phillip Morris 
very_bad Jim Carrey i Ewan MacGregor ovdje nastupaju u, za Hollywood, prili&#269;no eksplicitnim scenama gay seksa 
terrible Defined by puppy love, a crude sense of humor, and rampant immorality, the characters here are as repulsive and shallow as the film that contains them. 
bad When Carrey is onscreen, everything about the giddy, conflicted man he's been asked to embody is either amusing, sympathetic or true. 
good Eficiente na construcao de uma narrativa leve a partir de uma historia que poderia facilmente se apresentar como uma experiencia pesada e deprimente. 
bad It's being marketed mostly as a comedy - and it's packed with genuine laugh-out-loud gags. 
good Carrey demonstrates an ability to successfully flit between the kind of flat-out slapstick physical humour with which he made his name and that darker, more disturbing strain of comedy he never quite nailed in early efforts such as The Cable Guy. 
very_bad The cons and the crimes misfire on screen. 
good The bravest and oddest comedy of the year. 
bad Carrey's exuberant and ever manic performance is at the core of the film, yet is often on the brink of threatening to consume it entirely. 
bad It works like a dream -- a particularly vivid one -- with only an actor of Carrey's energy having the ability to pull it off, even if this reduces McGregor's passive partner to one dimension. 
good A cult comedy classic in the making. 
bad The film has flaws, but its sheer exuberance deserves viewing. 
bad I liked McGregor's convincing performance -- he even runs camply -- and there are enough funny lines to keep us mildly entertained. 
good The puzzle fits together very entertainingly here. 
very_bad Loved the chutzpah, but the heart and the funny bone are left relatively untroubled. 
good It's the comic role of a lifetime for Jim Carrey, who apparently worked for union rates in order to help the film get made. 
bad This isn't a satire or a cautionary tale: it's one of the most romantic, most inspiring films of recent years. 
good Beneath all of the wackiness, these are real people we can vividly identify with. 
good Enjoyable, offbeat and inventively directed comedy-drama with a superb script and a terrific performance from Jim Carrey. 
good This is one of those rare romantic comedies that's both romantic and comic. 
bad Hugely entertaining in fits and starts, thanks to the flash and sass of Carrey's catch-me-if-you-can antics. 
bad The film remains outrageously funny without resorting to cheap gags. 
good Best of all, throughout this madcap yarn, Carrey's Russell is a fittingly unreliable narrator and thus pings the movie randomly through time in occasionally bewildering and ultimately exhilarating fashion. 
good Carrey is definitely the star of the film, but McGregor remains the emotional anchor. 
good One of the funniest films of the year, this is a wonderful mix of old-school Carrey outrageousness with a genuinely touching a" and very modern a" love story. 
good Funny, sometimes tender and ultimately unsettling black comedy. 
bad Tsai's style is essentially written in stone at this point, and [this] hardly challenges it. [He] is as visually adept here as ever, right up to the film's peaceful final shot. 
fair A subtle, slow-moving presentation of hope and responsibility that will test your patience if you are not a fan of elliptical, dreamlike narratives like those in Tsai's films. 
very_bad Music interlaces the action, which proceeds mostly without words, expression or, regrettably, interest. 
terrible Directors who come up with films with "sleep" in the title shouldn't be this dull if they don't want glib comments made about them. Yes, I Don't Want To Sleep Alone is a snooze-fest. 
good While not as erotic as other films by this director, there's a languid sensuality to the story. 
bad This mostly wordless saga is striking but slight. 
good Tsai's long, static, near-wordless takes may try the patience of some, but fans will be enchanted by his new-found warmth. 
bad An enigmatic fable of longing and loneliness in present-day Kuala Lumpur. 
very_good The hormones here don't rage so much as unfurl over two exquisite hours. 
fair Tsai's drama is something like a mixture of Robert Bresson and R.W. Fassbinder, as God's bedraggled souls struggle with the desires of the damned, and nobody wants to go into that good night alone. 
very_good For Tsai's fans, Sleep offers many pleasures, including a heightened attention to nocturnal beauty and a gorgeous, uncharacteristic surrealism. 
fair It takes some careful attention and a not insignificant amount of patience, but if you can modify your expectations accordingly, Sleep is a highly rewarding experience. 
fair I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is a title to keep in mind while absorbing this allusive, humid mood piece. 
good The longing is palpable, for love and for just companionship. In this languorous world, the drama's title speaks volumes. No one wants to sleep alone. 
very_good In addition to the regional pop music that once again fills his soundtrack, Tsai finds great beauty in streets of Kuala Lumpur particularly at night, making this gorgeous film one that should be seen on a large screen in the total darkness of a theater. 
very_good The pleasure here belongs to Tsai's images, which can be both familiar and baffling, or beautiful and humorously deadpan, or realistic and supernatural. 
very_good A serious return to creative form and a renewal of focus; there's a sense that every perfectly timed slow take and studied composition serves a purpose. And not a single melon gets shtupped. 
good Some will hate him for his lack of concern for forward momentum and traditional plot. Others, like me, will go ga-ga for his technical achievements and meditative pauses 
best I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is emotional in what it says about the need for connections, religious in what it asks about the universe. 
fair In I Don't Want to Sleep Alone, Kuala Lumpur is a city of smoky alleyways and empty, half-lighted streets, where a few solitary, sad-looking souls stand out from the crowds. 
best The geographical shift from Tsai's familiar Taipei to his homeland of Malaysia results in both a revitalization of those elements and a new level of visual beauty. The stunning final shot makes it a masterpiece. 
good Despite his films' frequently static compositions, Tsai's cinema flows ever forward with ambiguous, multivalent purpose. 
bad If you mess with perfection, you end up with the beast. 
fair Conventions of the time did not allow director Victor Fleming to examine the powerful sexual undertones of Stevenson's tale, robbing the film of much of its potential insight 
good MGM gave the familiar story the big-budget, big-star treatment, but in the process drained it of all of its biting social and psychological implications. 
best Quite eerie classic thriller with Tracy surprisingly good in title role(s). 
fair Less an outright horror film than its predecessor and more a straightforward psychological study. Most of the earlier sex is replaced by a stubborn, straightlaced morality. 
very_bad Botched remake of the 1931 classic. 
very_bad A little Freudian theory is a dangerous thing. It can make a piece of errant hokum dizzy with significance. 
very_bad Spencer Tracy is miscast and overrated in one of the weakest adaptations of the story to date. 
good A bit starched and yappy, but still packs a punch. 
best ...it renders the uttermost strengths of the silent film era, in which the audience was dependent on what went into the picture instead of what came out of the speaker. 
bad There is in this edition of the picture an effort to cover too many historical incidents and the consequence is that quite a number of the passages are confused. 
best Napoleon is the last great silent epic. We will not see its like again. 
best Gance's use of subjective camera was almost recklessly ambitious in its bid to give the spectator the most visceral viewing sensation, while his skill in blending and multiplying images was unprecedented. 
best The experience it provides - at times, akin to taking a drug - is unlike anything I've ever experienced in a movie theater. 
best Fascinating, experimental, ahead of its time 
best Abel Gance's visionary silent epic Napoleon is a dazzling display of cinematic virtuosity. 
bad A TV-movie that feels like TV and replaces tense scenic construction with talk and reaction shots instead of focusing on the action. 
terrible This film is so painfully awful that no pleasure can be found in criticizing it. 
very_good It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise. 
terrible They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film. 
bad It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab. 
fair The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2. 
fair That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence 
good Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter. 
very_bad an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides 
good It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll. 
bad This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine. 
bad A solid lead-up to the finale. 
good As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest. 
best This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes. 
fair It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag. 
fair a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through 
good In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors... 
bad Better than the first, not as good as the second. 
fair So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things. 
bad The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes. 
good This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow. 
very_bad Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs. 
fair The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films. 
fair Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one. 
good In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch. 
very_bad The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films. 
good Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year. 
very_good An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year. 
good A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence. 
terrible This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion 
bad Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?" 
terrible A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce. 
bad It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations. 
good So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter? 
very_bad Dark and too often tedious. 
bad The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release. 
good A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised. 
good Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake. 
very_bad Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset. 
good To be honest, Mockingjay Part 1 is probably the weakest of the three so far, but if this is as bad as it gets, that is still something of a triumph. 
good Melancholy, violent sequel sets stage for waging war. 
bad Just like Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I is one long and boring journey leading to one surprising moment that isn't worth the two hours it takes to get to its destination. 
fair A solid entry in the series, and lays an intriguing foundation for Part 2, but Mockingjay - Part 1 is rarely as entertaining or rewarding as its predecessors. 
very_good With Mockingjay - Part I, the series becomes a clever commentary on the genre it helped cement. 
bad There's dramatic tension, a good deal of emotion, and one heck of a setup for the next movie. But frequently this warm-up seems like it's huffing and puffing without generating a lot of real heat. 
good May not work on a stand-alone level, but if you've become invested in the series, it's an important, thoughtful bridge between what has already happened and what is yet to come. 
best Mockingjay succeeds where the book failed 
good Lawrence's performance roils with stress and fear, as it did in the first two films, and director Francis Lawrence stays with her, up close, from start to finish, visually mirroring the script's examination of Katniss's cult of personality. 
bad Dour, dreary, disappointing installment, milking every last dime out of the franchise's devoted following. 
fair Jennifer Lawrence's charisma and the the sly excellence of her supporting cast keep "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" aloft. 
very_bad Not even the ferociously talented Jennifer Lawrence, whose greatest skill is breathing life into lifeless material, can work her magic here. 
good This four-part franchise, based on the Suzanne Collins novels, turns very dark with this strikingly bold third film, which once again makes the most of perspective to recount a parable about normal people rising up against oppression. 
bad It's not as snooze worthy as the first part of "Harry Potter's" finale, but that's the only good news out of Mockingjay Part One. 
very_bad ...a shameless cash-grab designed to extend the life of this profitable series. 
good 'Mockingjay, Part 1" is only half awesome because it is only half a movie. Suzanne Collins' final book in the trilogy has been segmented into two films, massacring the momentum the previous films had delicately built. 
fair The vast majority of credit for 'The Hunger Games' franchise should go to the cast, and most importantly to Jennifer Lawrence, without whom this sucker would surely crash and burn. 
fair The end result is a serving of dystopian-pop entertainment lifted over the middling mark by the humanity supplied by the cast. 
good Mockingjay is by far the bleakest of the movies so far. Yet this first part of the last book in the Suzanne Collins series may also be the most potent. 
good Mockingjay - Part 1 is just big enough of a story that, even as a two-parter, the film feels substantial and justifiably halved. There's simply too much to digest as all the pieces are put into place and the real games are set to begin. 
very_bad The book's critics say this the weakest of the three novels. True or not, the ultra slow Mockingjay - Part 1 is part one of a story that definitely doesn't warrant two parts. 
fair Katniss proves she can handle the action as it spills out of the arena. Binge viewing is encouraged... 
good This is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series, with the heroes constantly on defense - running, hiding, planning, hoping. 
fair This is filler in every way you can look at it. Good filler, but still filler. 
very_bad Mockingjay Part 1 is a hideously boring, bleak film. They've taken thirty minutes of plot, then stretched it out like taffy into an insufferable two hours. 
good This transitional effort's teething problems aside, it's crammed with well-drawn characters and intelligent ideas, meaning the franchise remains as robust and rule-breaking as its idiosyncratic protagonist. 
bad The effect of so many Oscar-calibre actors speaking the generic dialogue is like watching pro ballplayers play T-ball. 
good If Mockingjay - Part 1 is quieter and less flashy than its predecessors, that doesn't make it less satisfying. 
fair Captivating as both drama and allegory, and may even one-up the previous two entries in terms of its force of will and emotional complexity. 
very_bad The greedy money grab for four movies rather than three is the epicenter of the film's problems. 
very_good Although Jennifer Lawrence hasn't earned an Oscar for her performances as Katniss Everdeen, no one can mock her 'Hunger Games' role. 
bad It seems just one very elaborate preparation for the last episode and I do think that the fans have been conned, to a certain extent, that this episode has been split into two. 
fair The strength of this third manifestation of The Hunger Games is in the cast and in the screenplay. 
good The third episode in the teen franchise is darker, deeper and braver. 
very_bad As played by Hutcherson, [Peeta] has all the charisma of the least interesting member of the Yale crew team. Three movies in, [his bond with Katniss appears] more desperately theoretical than ever. 
good Just as the messianic rebel leader Katniss Everdeen has found her footing, the hit "Hunger Games" film series has become more assured with its latest installment. 
good This is as grim as PG-13 can get; the darkness is comparable to that of The Empire Strikes Back. 
fair It's solid, though it's the least inspired of the three films to date, existing primarily as a bridge between the second film and the finale. 
very_good Skips the exhilarating games of the first two films and matures into a thought-provoking blockbuster that further distances the franchise from its would-be YA competition. 
bad The Girl On Fire has gone up in smoke. 
bad The Hunger Games is declining in power, but not as steeply as I thought, and this weird, operatic nightmare still inhabits the screen with confidence. 
fair Is it worth sitting through this movie knowing full well that almost everything exciting and engaging is being saved for the finale? The answer is a qualified, with many reservations, "Yes." 
good It's a well-executed, occasionally daring exploration of war, propaganda, and guilt that's easy to watch, but occasionally difficult to stomach. 
good OK, there's less action in Games this time, but what's there is prime. And the acting is aces. 
fair We can almost hear this revolution's resounding rallying cry: 'Hurry up and wait!' 
bad If it's more talky and less satisfying than its predecessor, the propulsive The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - largely because the conclusion won't come until next year with Part 2 - it's still a sporadically involving adventure. 
bad Katniss has little to do but react to the actions of others, though she does get to blow stuff up with her bow and enjoy a literal save the cat moment. 
fair It makes for lumpy storytelling that never quite hits its stride. 
bad The characters, once fresh and immediate creations, move like solemn chess pieces across the screen. Each scene, once tight and energized, feels sluggish and protracted. The crisp dialogue, now flabby and perfunctory, fails to propel the narrative along. 
bad Audiences have a long year to wait for Part 2. Would it not have been better to leave them breathless than heaving a sigh? 
fair There's enough here to at least keep fans of the series involved and eagerly awaiting the grand finale. 
fair There's plenty of foreshadowing of what is to come but the story doesn't so much come to an end as have an intermission. 
fair More politically-driven than its predecessors, the feature manages to keep the story's momentum going while giving more attention to its supporting characters. 
bad Jennifer Lawrence holds everything together, ensuring by her sheer presence that you are willing to stick with it to the bitter end even as it feels that everything is in a holding position waiting for take off. 
good Although it doesn't make a lick of sense as a stand-alone story, "Mockingjay - Part 1" is the first "Hunger Games" movie with meat on its bones. 
bad Although the great performances and promise of what's to come help offset the listless pacing and general needlessness of splitting the final book into two movies, the whole thing feels like one giant tease for "Part 2." 
bad This dark-and-dour installment suffers from saga sag, which is the effort of the Hollywood studios to stretch a stirring girl power series with a monster fan-base beyond reasonable limits for the sake of lucre. 
good The second-to-last movie pitfalls strike, but the series has earned enough good faith to make Part 1 essential viewing. 
fair After its first two terrific installments, the newest edition of "The Hunger Games" left me hungry, like a feast that's stunningly prepared but flavorless and non-nutritious. 
good Mockingjay - Part 1 is as dingy and dark as Blade Runner, but just as fascinating. No more party dresses catching fire. No more fantasy games. In their place is a war tableau that seems realistic, even if this is a futuristic fantasy film. 
good Although unmistakeably laying the groundwork for the finale, there is - for a series ostensibly aimed at adolescent girls - more genuine tension and bona fide thrills than Iron Man, Thor and Captain America rolled into one. 
fair More often than not, Lawrence stands with jaw slack and brow scrunched, staring ahead to a murky future, one that won't be resolved until, oh, about this time next year. 
very_bad With no real beginning and no real ending, the unsatisfying Mockingjay Part 1 is essentially all middle -- one big, stretched out, watered-down second act. 
fair You leave this well-acted, impeccably designed movie as you entered it: still waiting. 
bad Mockingjay may lack the action and excitement of the previous two movies, but it makes up for it in greater emotional and thematic resonance. 
fair That Mockingjay maintains such a high level while evolving from a futuristic war film into a straight-up political thriller is an incredible achievement, even if it comes at the expense of the action some have come to expect. 
good DIVING back into the dystopian world of Panem and its arrow-firing heroine Katniss Everdeen continues to be a heady and exhilarating experience. 
good The revolution isn't just televised in the latest Hunger Games instalment; it's subdivided. 
bad The film ultimately rests on Lawrence, and though she never disappoints, a single actress -- even one as lovely and lovable as she -- cannot save a blockbuster film. 
best Complexo, inteligente e tristemente contemporaneo. 
bad Mockingjay - Part 1 does get a mid-film lift when Katniss and Gale go up against Snow's air force with a few bows and arrows; the scene is ridiculous, and it works. But the rest is a muddy, underlit slog, a movie that searches in vain for its own pulse. 
bad Table setting for a meal that won't be served until next November. 
fair It's a joyless, surpassingly dour enterprise, but one that fulfills its mission with Katniss's own eagle-eyed efficiency and unsentimental somberness. "Mockingjay" sets up the end Game with a grim sense of purpose. 
fair Is there enough here to keep us interested? Yes, but there's a frustrating sense of time being marked in much of "Part 1" and the script often veers into no-duh territory. 
fair Director Francis Lawrence does a nice job capturing the claustrophobic environment of District 13 and has a good eye for action shots. But the actors are what really sell the movie. 
fair The least satisfying "Hunger Games" entry yet. 
good Lawrence, ever commanding and vulnerable, even delivers a song in a smoky voice that's vaguely reminiscent of Norah Jones. Place those EGOT 2025 bets now. 
very_good As an adaptation of part of the third book by Suzanne Collins, it's easily the most political of the three films. It's also the most absorbing and best in the series. 
terrible A dull, claustrophobic, pallid-looking film about people looking into and talking at screens. When the end finally comes, it's from out of nowhere, except it's not really an ending, more like a work stoppage. 
terrible For a film about the power of media to sway humanity in a desired direction, it's awfully leaden. 
good A dark, grim and exciting entertainment. 
fair Without giving anything away, let's just say the pause button has been pressed with tantalising precision. Same time next year, then? You bet. 
bad In this chapter, Katniss Everdeen, the working-class rebel played by Jennifer Lawrence, mostly holsters her weapons and plays dress-up, just as the movie itself gives up any higher aspirations of offering social commentary or insight. 
good Even though Mockingjay contains scenes of mass graves and mass slaughter on the battlefield, this isn't a movie, or a set of characters, built on bloodlust or the enjoyment of anonymous kills. 
good Yes, there is the usual teacup storm of romance, a girl caught between two boys, as in the Twilight series, but The Hunger Games offers teenagers a much more important set of questions to ponder. 
very_bad Nothing more than a prelude to next year's finale. The material is way too thin to sustain two movies. 
fair We're meant to feel the weight of Katniss' situation, and we do, but the picture can also fairly be called leaden... 
good I took my 14-year-old niece to see it, and she emphatically expressed "Oh my God! It was amazing!" You can't beat that. 
very_bad Thinly spreads a half-hour's worth of plot over two plodding hours. 
bad If you want drama, and action - and, most especially, Katniss in charge - well, buy another ticket, next year. 
very_bad There are moments when "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" takes flight, but overall this action-drama flits about, wondering where to land. 
bad Dull, dark and relentlessly glum. 
fair The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 often plays like a waiting game, but it solidifies the star and ideas of the franchise as the true heroes behind the YA phenomenon. 
bad What was a tamed rip-off of the gory 'Battle Royale' becomes more like Steven Soderbergh's 'Che': a cerebral look at the gruntwork of revolution - with the YA-required threeway love story, of course. 
fair What do you get when you greedily split a book in two? Long-winded filler with only pockets of tense action. Or, in Hunger Games terms: all smoke, no Girl on Fire. 
good Mockingjay merits the split - it perhaps even gives some balance and rhythm to a story that might've felt rushed were the events crammed into a single movie. 
bad A disappointing follow-up to 'Catching Fire.' You're left feeling as if you've only watched half a movie without the same feeling of anticipation to see what happens next. 
very_good It's the blockbuster reimagined for a modern age of social consciousness, in which having the right idea means nothing if you can't also make a meme out of it. 
good The power of emotions in filmmaking is at the heart of this beautifully constructed and self-aware blockbuster. Can't wait for Mockingjay 2. 
bad It might make economic sense for Lionsgate Pictures to carve the novel in two but it means this movie is all built-up with a distinct lack of excitement. 
bad I wait with almost-bated breath for part two, a year from now. But I wish I didn't have to. 
good The politics of Mockingjay are as intensely gripping as the games in the earlier films -- and more deadly. 
bad The drama and tone are powerful and effective and Lawrence makes an exceptionally charismatic heroine, but an almost total lack of action means this is less catching fire than treading water. 
good The film-makers have kept Collins's best lines, allowing Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, as Katniss's two love rivals, to show off their genuine acting skills. 
bad Lawrence is again tremendous as Katniss. She gives her character an emotional depth that you don't expect in a franchise movie, conveying her vulnerability and doubt as well as well as her fiery determination and Barbarella-like sex appeal. 
good Mockingjay is, of course, fundamentally meant to be an engaging piece of entertainment... However, it's also a story in which the protagonist can be looked at as not just an unlikely hero, but a deconstruction of what a hero is or is meant to be. 
good Finds its success in meaningful themes, character-driven story, and smart execution, and ultimately creates some impressive depth for the phenomenon franchise. 
good Thrilling, heartfelt, and a terrific curtain-raiser for the final battle, Mockingjay Part 1 takes the Hunger Games series to new heights even as it sings in its own voice. 
bad The special effects are limp and the script a little creaky, although somehow it still manages to thrill. 
good With measure and muscle, Lawrences Jennifer and Francis nail the job of selling the long, twisting road towards revolution. 
bad As terrific as that first act is and as mostly entertaining as what follows is, Hunger Games: Catching Fire part I is half of a single story and mostly concerned with setting up however the series ends. 
bad All queue, no roller-coaster. 
good Stylish, gripping and surprisingly thoughtful. 
good The Empire Strikes Back of the Hunger Games series. 
good Mockingjay Part 1 is a powerful, moving, penultimate chapter. 
bad It's not sophisticated enough for older children, but young ones will probably be entertained by 'The Naughty List.' 
bad Cute Christmas movie has some iffy bathroom humor. 
good The intention seems to be to create a ferocious film without an iota of fakery... 
very_good Starred Up is unflinchingly ferocious and you won't be able to look away. 
best Gritty, intense, unflinching and taut. An emotional punch to the gut. Jack O'Connell delivers a bravura, star-making performance. It's the best prison drama since A Prophet. 
good The power of this movie is in its lack of interest in the dramatic and its preference, instead, of the humane. 
good Gritty British prison dramas are hardly something new but every so often one crops up that grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go. 
good Jack O'Connell is electrifying. 
good Yup, there's a prison wing full of cliches, but, aided by razor-sharp performances from his cast, Young Adam director, David Mackenzie, delivers a raw, powerful, British prison drama. 
good Two of the year's best male performances give depth to the film's fascinating character study. 
good Starred Up may cover familiar ground but it's executed with such arresting authenticity that it's hard to not be drawn in and ultimately excited. This is prison melodrama done amazingly well with sharp performances and visceral attention to detail. 
good Just about the most uncompromising prison movie imaginable,. 
bad Despite its inevitable hard-surface jailhouse cliches, Starred Up is impressively well filmed, impeccably acted and, for those of a nervous disposition, brutally shocking. 
good Director David Mackenzie has empathy for the characters, but also knows how to ratchet up the tension and make the scene of mayhem pack a wallop. 
bad Watching it is like watching a slow-motion train wreck -- you know you should look away, but you can't help but watch to see the potentially horrifying results. 
good Take one teenager. Add raw testosterone. Arm with unquenchable, unreasoning anger. Lock in pressure-cooker cell. Unleash. Roll camera. 
fair "Starred Up" manages to be sympathetic, not only because of O'Connell's galvanizing turn, but also Asser and director David Mackenzie's unwavering commitment to portraying his character with as much compassion as brutal honesty. 
good A clear sense of why Anton Yelchin doppelganger Jack O'Connell soon may be a household name. 
good It's almost as difficult to sit through "Starred Up" as it is satisfying to watch it. 
very_good ...captures the madness of a societal menace without ever losing sight of his humanity. 
good The raw emotions on display need no translation. David Mackenzie directs the film in a piercingly realistic style. 
good There's a nasty cycle suggested by the way this prison operates. 
best This is strong medicine, yet it's also exhilarating. 
fair [O'Connell] fully immerses himself in the character, bringing the right amounts of cocksureness and vulnerability to the role. 
very_good The most tremendous thing about Starred Up is exactly how simple it keeps things, and what a richly nuanced story emerges in the process. 
good As it begins, with its hard, unflinching look at a prisoner transferred to an adult institution, it might recall Steve McQueen's very tough Hunger (2008), but though Starred Up always retains its edge, it finds a sympathetic heart as well. 
good Marks star Jack O'Connell's breakthrough into superstardom with a performance so visceral it challenges Tom Hardy's Bronson for sheer aggression. 
good Expect to hear a lot more from English actor Jack O'Connell, who holds the screen as well as his character, Eric, commands a cellblock. 
very_good Starred Up is a small indie film in danger of slipping through the cracks at the Hollywood-driven multiplex. Finding it - in theaters or on VOD - is well worth the effort. 
fair From the cell block politics, to the crooked authorities supposedly in charge of keeping the peace, Starred Up doesn't pull any punches in its tough and gritty depiction of prison life. 
very_good Boldly and brilliantly made. Starred Up is raw, relentless and riveting. 
very_good We've seen many visually arresting films in recent years and character studies are as common as film festivals, but it's the remarkable blend of the two here that makes "Starred Up" devastating. 
very_good One of the best prison dramas you're likely to see in some time, but the real stand-out is the introduction of Jack O'Connell 
very_good The cautious optimism with which it answers questionsa about rehabilitation and forgiveness is credible because the characters and setting feel so thoroughly authentic. 
good The film's exploration of the legacy of violence is measured out in brief bursts that are always terrible and unsettling, but never feel indulgent or excessive. 
good It's the strength of the performances that really makes Starred Up a cut above most British dramas, particularly those of Mendelsohn and O'Connell. 
bad Mackenzie keeps us grounded in the maze of prison life, coaxing powerful performances from his cast, each apparently encouraged and emboldened to find their own space. 
good Starred Up is draining, brutal and absolutely unforgettable. Hands down, this is one of 2014's must-see movies. 
very_good Powerful and intelligent filmmaking that demands to be seen. 
good Those considering a life of crime may think again after seeing Starred Up, a bleak, brutal and compelling thriller set in a singularly grim British prison. 
good Two things allow Starred Up to stand apart from the pack: a rigorous attention to prison procedure and a stunning breakthrough performance from Jack O'Connell. 
good It offers no easy answers and takes no sides: the result is one of the most engrossing, exciting and explosive prison films the UK has ever produced. 
bad Luckily, the film's gritty atmosphere prevails. 
fair Rising star Jack O'Connell delivers a ripping performance as a young convict with more baggage than you'd think humanly possible. 
good It is impossible to take your eyes off O'Connell as Eric, so convincingly psychotic that there are times when you have to remind yourself this isn't a fly-on-the-prison-wall documentary. 
good It is an incendiary, visceral, riveting drama with a fascinating Oedipal twist; a brutal-realist depiction of male behaviour and prison culture, with the bitter tang of authenticity. 
good It's a mini-Machiavellian structure, Machiavellianly worked out, with added anarchy and mordant wit. 
bad For such a violent movie, it pulls its punches a little at the last. But not before it has given us a bleak picture of the defeated misery of a certain kind of violent man, locked in a prison of his own making. 
good There are no easy answers, or unlikely transformations, just a superbly made, thought-provoking human drama with outstanding performances and just enough hope to carry the day. 
good This bruising and brutal jailhouse carve-up rides on the back of an astonishing central turn by Jack O'Connell. 
good Mackenzie skilfully sketches the sense of community and hierarchy that prison life is built upon, and makes us keenly aware of the simmering aggression that threatens to boil over at any time. 
good While the machinations of the guv'nor and his lackeys at times seem unlikely, relationships between the lags themselves are well realised, particularly with Eric and Neville. 
best It's brilliantly acted, touching, tense, weirdly funny and, for the most part, bruisingly authentic. 
good The details ring true and the performances smart in Mackenzie's prison movie. 
good As soon as O'Connell comes striding through the prison door, his aura is electric. 
good A brutal, immersive prison survival story with a breakout performance by British actor Jack O'Connell. 
good Starred Up is the finest British-made prison drama for a long time, courting comparison even with the likes of A Man Escaped. 
bad Starred Up, at the outset, holds a tremendous amount of promise... 
good Some outstanding performances from O'Connell and Mendelson, both hugely exciting actors ... 
good Starred Up gives you a good sharp shake and, in doing so, truly opens your eyes. 
good Gripping and sharply written British drama that offers an intriguing twist on the usual prison movie cliches and features a star-making performance from Jack O'Connell. 
bad Prison films have always had their share of surrogate father-son bonding, so there's something satisfying about making it biological - it's a shrewd twist in the formula. 
bad For the most part this is furiously compelling stuff, convincingly mounted and superbly acted 
good The best prison movie since A PROPHET. Jack O'Connell is a star in the making. 
very_bad Convoluted and rather dull. 
best Vintage zany musical is Eddie Cantor showcase. 
best Possibly Cantor's best film. Certainly his most creatively directed and raciest. 
very_good Animal lovers and museum-goers alike are sure to enjoy this curiously delightful hour-long documentary from Nicolas Philibert. 
fair The renovation of the Museum of Natural History in Paris is the subject for this beguiling documentary by Nicolas Philibert. 
bad The film is mildly diverting, but lacks the humor and pathos that made To Be and to Have so watchable. 
good Definitely worth a look for fans of the involved directors, though such fans probably already own it. 
good Intriguing and mostly successful. 
good If the other two stories had also been done by Fellini, the whole offering might have been much better. 
bad [Toby Dammit] is marvelous: a short movie but a major one. The Vadim is as overdecorated and shrill as a drag ball, but still quite fun, and the Malle, based on one of Poe's best stories, is simply tedious. 
bad Horrific? Not really. But interesting to watch. 
bad See it for Fellini's hilarious "Toby Dammit" sequence. (Elsewhere Jane and Peter Fonda play lovers...) 
bad The Fellini part is brilliant. The rest is not. 
fair While Spirits of the Dead doesn't do much justice to Poe's source material, fans of bizarre French cinema should have a pretty good time. 
very_good As far as psychological horror goes, the films work well, and that they realize Poe's stories were mainly internalized distortions of the world works to their advantage, even as they approach the material in vastly different ways. 
good more of an interesting exercise in literary adaptation than a fully satisfying work of art 
fair Not what I would have expected... but hey, we are defined by our contradictions, no? 
terrible Soldiers of Fortune has a good cast, and most of them try their best, but you have to wonder why any of them actually signed on for this lopsided movie. 
bad Soldiers of Fortune is...hardly the fun throwback to the action films of the 1980s that one might've hoped for... 
terrible Korostyshevsky doesn't waste a lot of time getting from run-jump-shoot to duck-roll-cover and back again; the artillery decibel level isn't matched by any notable level of filmmaking craft or excitement. 
terrible For the cast, shooting the movie (in Ukraine) may have been a working vacation, but for viewers, watching it is an excruciating sentence of hard labor. 
bad The Vicious Brothers have some fun with what's essentially a slasher movie featuring homicidal aliens. 
terrible There's nothing at all original, engaging, stimulating or thought-provoking (for all of these, see Invasion of the Body Snatchers) within its frames. 
bad If the whole premise of Extraterrestrial sounds familiar, that's because there's hardly an original idea in the whole film. 
very_bad Everything about it is meant to either raise or lower your expectations. 
fair "Extraterrestrial" never settles into a groove, and therefore never becomes more than a collection of effectively icky scenes. 
terrible If aliens travel thousands of light-years to terrorize you, the least you can do is put them in an exciting movie. 
terrible I kept holding out hope it would reveal itself as a parody in the 11th hour. 
very_bad A hackneyed, seen-it-all-before tale that has grown somewhat tired in contemporary cinema. 
bad Once Extraterrestrial gets gruesome and starts delivering the mayhem, there's certainly some fun to be found here. 
terrible Extra-terrible, more like. 
bad An enjoyably cheesy B-movie containing some unexpected twists and a good few laughs, intentional and otherwise. 
fair A riotous hybrid of alien mayhem and cabin-in-the-woods horror, this movie has a playful tone that makes it thoroughly entertaining. 
very_bad Minihan and Ortiz trundle out the same old storyline: creepy things in the woods, camcorder found footage - and abductions by aliens who prove that everything you've heard about their anatomical-exploratory procedures is 100% correct. 
very_bad A blunt picture where everything feels borrowed from earlier, better films. 
very_bad This all-too-familiar assemblage of dumbed-down flotsam and campy jetsam from far-better sci-fi films is filled with cliched predictability. 
bad The exact midway point between Steven Spielberg and Ed Wood, this a cheerily obvious schlocker that will please B-movie purists. 
very_bad When the lead actress is introduced with a leering close-up of her scantily clad backside, it's safe to say that character development was never a top priority. 
good Minihan's direction is assured and slick and it's nice to see some oldschool aliens rock up on screen. 
very_bad Revelling in its B-movie conventions to little dramatic effect, this intergalactic slasher is often unintentionally hilarious. 
fair Extraterrestrial harkens back to a time when sci-fi movies could be both fun and horrific, finding success thanks to the Vicious Brothers' "no holds barred" filmmaking mentality. 
bad [It doesn't] further the alien sub-genre, which as far as I'm concerned, is dead. 
bad It's just hard not to imagine that it might been better as a shorter 30 For 30 episode focusing on one of the three boxers. 
very_bad Uneven and too brief for its brawny subject, Champs fails to be an affecting underdog story or an in-depth look at boxing's many problems. 
fair It's like a thesis whose next draft would be destined for greatness. 
bad The historic, socioeconomic, racial and even poetic roots of pugilism are addressed, and celebs and sportwriters weigh in, but often it's the fighters themselves who best sum up the appeal of "the sweet science." 
very_bad Directing a critical eye at the sociology and predatory business of boxing, the doc is periodically interesting but also unconvincingly broad. 
bad Champs eventually snaps into focus, backed by testimony from three of the era's greatest "success" stories, but it parries too much to get there. 
fair Solid, if entirely too superficial look at the allure and downside of The Fight Game. 
bad An unfocused mishmash that thrives only when it fixates on footage of actual bouts. 
fair A well-produced tribute to a complex and often exasperating personality. 
good Staccato and compelling, this fast-paced biography recounts some of his views and opinions--writings that alienated people and won supporters. 
fair A documentary is only as fascinating as its subject, and, love him or hate him (most did the latter), Norman Mailer was one fascinating American. 
terrible [A] witless farce. 
bad A warm-hearted ethnic comedy in the vein of My Big Fat Greek Wedding. 
terrible It's somewhat ironic that writer-actors Vincent and Mike Pagano intend "Providence" to be a film about getting past ethnic stereotypes, since they apparently couldn't. 
fair A pretty decent comedy of manners. 
very_good Hilarious and filled with wonderful characters and situations. 
bad for all the well-aimed blows it lands about how families make us crazy, it still has a very warm, very soft spot for these lunatics. 
terrible At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that. 
fair Shadows of Liberty asks consumers to look critically at what they are being told, and seek out what they are not. 
very_bad A variety of modest but well-executed special effects enlivens the otherwise run-of-the-mill effort about carnivorous aliens terrorizing a farm. The farm wins. 
bad Black balls that kill... what more can be said? 
bad "Gremlins on Acid" - as wacky as it is wicked, loads of fun 
good a fun "gremling-inspired" movie 
bad Not a bad little Gremlins' rip-off. 
good Entirely enjoyable B-level sci-fi throwback. 
very_bad Seriously, an R-rating and this would have been a totally different, way better movie. 
bad It sounds like that the kind of thing that would have been right at home with the teen comedies of twenty years ago, or even the brief American Pie-ish revival. But compared to current stuff it's actually kind of quaint. 
terrible This is not made for anyone with more than a sprinkling of intelligence. 
terrible A charmless, witless, lumbering mess. Almost nothing could redeem this lame comedy. 
terrible Fired Up is big on stereotypes (hello, gay Indian guy), overstatement (if you didn't already realise, loud = funny) and borderline homophobia. To paraphrase Repo Man, the longer you watch this, the stupider you might become. 
terrible A lamentably unfunny flick. 
very_bad Five, six, seven, eight; Fired Up is not so great. 
terrible This aggressively stupid comedy tries to have it both ways, advocating sexual probity while its cameras linger over acres of golden female thighs. 
terrible Fired Up is a desperate and vacuous attempt at a teen comedy that not only lacks laughs, but even the gross-out moments and shameless nudity used by other such genre offerings. 
very_bad Cliched execution, paper-thin characters. 
terrible Fired Up is cinema as abuse, and its chief victim is any paying audience. To have shelled out cash for this witless farrago of sub-Porky's japery and straight-to-bargain-bin acting would be the airborne spin that broke the cheerleader's back. 
bad Surprisingly, first-time director Will Gluck takes this raunchy premise and twists it into a boobs-free romantic comedy. 
terrible Dross. 
very_bad Most of the gags are blah, blah, blah rather than ra, ra, ra. 
terrible A puerile, remedial class version of Wedding Crashers. 
terrible A misogynistic American teen gross-out comedy. Celebrating male promiscuity as a rite-of-passage while demonising girls for sleeping around, it never even attempts to punish its protagonists for their horn-dog ways. 
bad Broad and very silly, this comedy just about keeps us chuckling even when things get stupid and predictable 
very_bad Ultimately let down by obnoxious characters, a half-hearted plot and a criminal lack of actual nudity. 
bad It fails, partly through prudery -- the "nude" scenes are notably unrevealing -- and partly because the leading men make no effort to perform their own stunts. 
terrible S-U-C-K! What does this movie do? It sucks! O-M-F-G! It sucks! 
bad the film's one genuine charm is its ridiculous and clever use of nonsensical words and phrases to discuss R-rated material under the PG-13 umbrella 
terrible Fired Up! is the worst of its kind: a cheap imitation of much better films, a 90-minute dirty joke with no punch line. 
very_bad Fired Up fails to ignite. 
bad Just about what you'd expect, only maybe a little more smutty, 'Fire Up!' is sort of a lesser, junior version of 'Wedding Crashers' combined with 'Bring It On.' 
fair While it doesn't really break any new ground in the realm of teen comedy, and certainly isn't side-splitting funny, it's still a pretty pleasant way to spend ninety minutes, and good for a few belly laughs. 
very_bad Plays like a long lost relic of the 1998-2001 teen movie boom. 
good Violates the most basic rules of cinematic storytelling grammar; and for this reason it transfixed me. 
terrible It's an adolescent boy's callow pom-pom fantasy. 
terrible About the only thing to differentiate this dud of a comedy from the likes of Date Movie, Epic Movie, and Disaster Movie is the absence of the names Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg on the credits. 
very_bad A movie about high school Juniors, with a cast well into its twenties and thirties, just doesn't work. 
bad Ye gad--how old are these actors playing teenagers? Oh, never mind. 
good Fired Up! is the teen sex comedy done right. It's fresh, it's funny, and you won't feel like you need a shower after watching it. 
bad As annoying and predictable as this flick was, I found myself slapping my knee more than a couple of times. Don't waste your money to see it in theaters. Rent it! 
fair As long as you're willing to suspend your disbelief and check your brain at the door, you'll find Fired Up! to be a zany and mindlessly entertaining laugh riot. 
very_bad Raging hormones rule in crude cheerleading comedy. 
terrible promises guilty pleasure, but has the edge of a bowling ball 
fair Call me crazy, but as a red-blooded American male, I enjoy watching hot girls in skimpy outfits jump around on the movie screen. 
good An affable throwback to the comedies of the 1980s... 
terrible Will Shawn prove his love for her by committing himself to the cheerleading squad? Will Carly ever find out that her current boyfriend, Dr. Rick (David Walton), is also a lying male slut? Will anyone need a trip to the clinic? 
fair Nicholas D'Agosto and Eric Christian Olsen make a hilarious pair; If you're under the age of 25 you'll like it. 
bad Sloppy but moderately amusing. 
terrible Excuse me, I hear someone at the gates. Must be the barbarians, here at last. 
bad If this movie were a teenager, you'd put it on Ritalin right away. 
terrible Spending time with these guys is the longest 89 minutes ever. 
very_bad The film's misogyny is countered only by its homophobia -- its male gay characters are mincing idiots, while the women could have walked out of a you-wish Playboy spread. 
bad The idea may be dusty -- this is Wedding Crashers on the football field -- but the delivery is fresh. 
bad A teen comedy that views sex as an all-you-can-gorge buffet. 
bad "F.U. stands for funny. An outrageous sex-obsessed teen comedy that's something to cheer about - especially if you're 16. 
bad I didn't half-mind Fired Up, but half a mind is more than it deserves. It's Wedding Crashers with high school seniors and bras and panties, as opposed to Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson and copious toplessness. 
terrible This is a film so scuzzy and creepy in tone that you keep getting the sense that if there was any possible that it could slip a roofie into your soda while you weren't looking, it would. 
fair At once funnier than it should be and more witless than it should have been. 
very_bad All the jokes, and the plot, go about halfway, then pull back in shame -- unless they're gay jokes, in which case anything goes. 
terrible The Maxim revolution kicks off with Fired Up and the fact that even the now Hammond-less skin mag's name is nowhere to be found on the title, should tell you that even they are trying to maintain some dignity. 
very_bad It goes without saying that Fired Up! is predictable, but that wouldn't have mattered were there a semblance of reality or charm to the proceedings. 
fair It might not be original, but Fired Up! makes you laugh 
bad Passable in its efficiency, Fired Up! is less offensive than it might have been while also managing to be staggeringly uninspired. 
bad As long as you don't expect too much, Fired Up!'s aim is true enough. 
very_bad The movie has no comic or hormonal sensibility of its own -- every feeling in Fired Up! feels borrowed from another comedy, television show, or pop song. 
fair This is a silly little movie that can. 
terrible How this idea escaped its logical fate as a direct-to-DVD Bring It On 6: It's the Boys' Turn! is anyone's guess. 
very_bad This new movie borrows from the 2005 Vince Vaughn/Owen Wilson hit with such utter shamelessness, you have to wonder if royalty checks are already in the mail. 
terrible Oh, is this movie bad. 
fair Bikini-clad babes and sniggering humor abound in the teen sex comedy Fired Up!, but so do some other things: namely a charming cast, glimmers of intelligence and a sweetly youthful spirit. 
terrible I can't remember exactly when I used the phrase 'rock-bottom puddle of camera-vomit,' but I'm sorry now that I didn't save it for this. 
terrible It was the rampant homophobia, tossed in everywhere it didn't belong, that convinced me Fired Up! is just a hateful mess. 
bad It may be as dumb as you'd expect from this team, but Fired Up is still the best 'dumb cheerleader' comedy since Bring It On. 
good Fired Up delivers consistent laughs, and it treats its female characters (and even its gay ones) with enough dignity that you won't hate yourself in the morning. 
very_bad The problem with Fired Up is that it doesn't follow a simple rule of the genre: If you're going to make a raunchy teen sex comedy, go all the way. 
very_bad As hard as this movie tries to 'bring it on', it probably should have left the cheerleading realm well enough alone ... one of the most blatantly sexist and homophobic comedies in some time. 
bad Fired Up is both smarter and dumber than necessary, vacillating as it does between being a parody of teen sex comedies and a fresh example of the subgenre. 
terrible Fired Up plays like a direct-to-video American Pie sequel. 
good Apesar do final que soletra a mensagem do filme, e um western atipico, denso e, principalmente, corajoso para sua epoca. 
very_good Movies dealing with law and order rarely fall out of fashion simply because their themes remain forever relevant. This classic Western is no exception. 
good ...the movie suggests we had better look to doing the right and decent thing before we act on a majority decision made in the heat of the moment. 
very_good one of the saddest movies ever produced 
best It should tell you something that this was among Orson Welles' favourite films 
good Packs a pretty incredible emotional punch in its brief 75 minutes. 
bad Studio-bound (it looks like a 50s TV film), but powerful 
very_good ...one of the most impressive debut features in cinematic history. 
best No matter how many times you've freeze-framed the bit at the end, it's still up there with Die Hard and Taxi Driver as one of the great once-a-year indulgences. 
best Brash, abrasive and unrelenting, this is a must-see. 
good This movie is not for everybody. It's for hardly anybody. Fans of this kind of paperback-style bloodbath, however, will be held by the promise of a resolution as outlandish and as the rest of the picture. 
best A brash, brutal crime-caper film, Reservoir Dogs has enough raw energy for 10 motion pictures and more than enough rough stuff to traumatize the sensitive. But not only does Dogs have teeth, it has brains. 
good Tarantino's palpable enthusiasm, his unapologetic passion for what he's created, reinvigorates this venerable plot and, mayhem aside, makes it involving for longer than you might suspect. 
fair A much-acclaimed revisionist gangster film that I found to have more style than substance. 
very_good Reservoir Dogs is hideously ugly in its materials, but in the sure way it's made and the vividness of the performances, it's a thing of beauty. 
good Raw and bloody. For adults. 
very_good An action movie comprised almost entirely of words. 
best memorable 
best Tarantino was slated to direct the masterpiece that was True Romance but took on this project which might be the best directorial debut in years! 
best It's dynamite on a short fuse. 
best A tour de force. 
best Quentin Tarantino came out of nowhere with perhaps the most astonishing, explosive American debut film since John Cassavetes' Shadows. 
good This is a savage gangster story with all the Tarantino trappings, including enough blood for a couple of Jaws movies. 
best The one QT film that always manages to rope a knot in my stomach and keep a firm grip, pulling, twisting, tightening and re-tying it. 
best For Tarantino, the age of heroic competence is as dead as his characters are at the fadeout. 
good Grandes atuacoes em um filme chocante, mas engracado em sua violencia estilizada. 
best Fantastic crime movie. Awesome dialogue, plot structure and acting. Doesn't get much better. 
bad A small, modestly budgeted crime movie of sometimes dazzling cinematic pyrotechnics and over-the- top dramatic energy. 
best A nasty, unchained beast with teeth as sharp as razors. And it's a dog that proudly leads the pack of the very finest crime films. 
best While Reservoir Dogs is probably Tarantino's most unpolished work, it strongly contends for the distinction of being his best. 
very_good I can't remember a movie getting me so excited about what you could do with a little bit of money, some fine actors, and lots of beautifully profane rhythmic dialogue. 
very_good Tarantino's debut is a wildly entertaining, thrilling, upsetting and hilarious movie, shot and performed with verve, go-for-broke energy and gritty charisma. 
best Riveting from start to finish. 
very_good After watching this film for the zillionth time, there's no doubt in my mind that this 'little doggy' belongs at the top echelon of any list having to do with great crime pictures. 
very_good Tarantino's camera has instinct. 
good Tarantino exploits audience savvy, preferring to build anticipation, mesmerise, and then cut away at the climax. 
very_good A ballet of macho posturing, gun-pointing, and the creative uses of every four-letter word imaginable. 
best It's brutal, it's funny and you won't forget it. 
fair Tarentino has the craft down but lacks the depth and moral wisdom to avoid merely gleeful bloodletting. 
fair The movie feels like it's going to be terrific, but Tarantino's script doesn't have much curiosity about these guys. 
best A nod to such noir crime classics as Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," the movie's more than savvy sensationalism. Suspense, horror and humor are expertly interwoven. 
very_good A classic well worth watching. 
very_good Chock full of witty and quotable dialogue and eye-popping scenes. 
best [A] remarkable macho crime caper that is at once violent, sickeningly funny and utterly compelling. 
very_good Tarantino has created a movie with all the gritty punch of a .44 in the belly. 
best The writing is crisp and clean, providing line after line of snappy dialogue designed to leave the viewer alternately pondering and laughing aloud. 
good But most of this the film is a delight, especially scenes revolving around Yvonne's continual abuse of Brenda. 
very_bad Stretched so thin it almost disappears. 
bad The overall impression is as fleeting as much of the imagery that flashes across the screen. 
very_bad Too often, it is no more than a set of flashcards, with no feel for the images other than to note that it's Andorra or Burkina Faso or Tuvalu we're admiring. 
bad Want more from a late-summer joyride than slides, wheelies and bunny hops? Get a load of Shannon, dementedly inspired, trying out an oddball accent and Richard Widmark giggle. 
bad Just a few spokes short of a wheel, guys. 
best The kind of low-expectation late-summer film that can all too often fall under the radar but delivers more honestly and forcefully than most of its warm-weather predecessors. 
bad Eye-popping practical bike work should provide interested viewers with a middle-of-the-road rush that's a bit short of 'premium.' 
bad ... a lightning-paced, hyper-adrenalized entertainment. 
very_bad There is also a romance and scenes of what may or may not be human trafficking but unless the action is happening on the back of a Schwinn it pretty much is only hinted at on screen. 
very_bad Even though we see more of New York at street level than you'd ever expect in one thriller, this film is hit by one puncture after another. 
good This is about the bike, the road and the compulsion to go, go, go. 
bad The film is one snappy, fast-paced chase through the streets of Manhattan. Never mind the logic, feel the breeze. 
bad A least one reviewer cycled home from the screening in a state of uncharacteristic nervousness. 
bad The chases are well done and Gordon-Levitt is a solid lead but the film gives him little to do other than ride. 
very_bad A VHS classic from another age, but times have changed. 
bad Simple but fun. 
very_bad Fast, furious and infuriating. 
bad For all its attempts at originality, Premium Rush is, at its heart, generic 
very_bad A few twiddly Google Maps inserts aside, David Koepp's film is low on kinetic energy. 
bad Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that makes up for its plot deficiencies with sheer adrenaline and a pair of superb performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon. 
bad We just laugh at every ridiculous twist and turn. But it's shot with real energy, putting us right on bicycles speeding dangerously through the New York traffic 
good A blast. 
good A satisfying piece of head-rush cinema that should leave viewers feeling exhilarated. 
bad A movie that while thin and silly, moves with such joyous speed that you almost want to throw your arms in the air and scream. 
good Michael Shannon gives his run-of-the-mill dialogue an unusually campy kick and singlehandedly keeps Premium Rush entertaining when it could have been routine. 
fair The better-than-average feel is perpetuated by Gordon-Levitt's remarkably (yet expectedly) charismatic performance... 
bad JGL's enjoyment in his job adds welcome levels of Levitt-y. 
fair Wafer-thin characters aside, Premium Rush delivers thanks to Michael Shannon's unhinged villain. 
fair Rush Peddles to Satisfying Thrills 
bad It is pretty exciting to see the race scenes happen through a camera on a bike speeding through the streets of New York. Plus Shannon gives a distinct portrayal of a bad guy. 
very_bad Someone should have heeded the "brakes are death" creed of Gordon-Levitt's messenger and slammed them on while this was still a script. 
good ... the kamikaze cyclist's wet dream and the best action movie of the summer, a fun fusion of humor, suspense and pure adrenaline ... Hitchcock meets 'Breaking Away,' anyone? 
bad Initially diverting and thrilling, but with diminishing returns. It's excessively inane and cartoonish. Not enough pleasure to call it a guilty pleasure. 
fair Premium Rush isn't mindless mayhem, a thriller for teenage boys bursting with hormonal bloodlust. Koepp's film has a brain... 
bad New York bicycle couriers lead such dangerous lives that it seems it would be possible to make a thrilling movie about them without having conventional villains or plots. 
good The movie speeds along crisply, providing just enough exposition to lend a few pounds of emotional weight without bogging down the breakneck pace. 
good It moves like a bullet, has some effective chase sequences, and gives you Michael Shannon as one of the year's most memorable bad guys. 
bad Pure cinema. 
good It's the kinetic energy Koepp injects into the premise that overshadows the predictable plotting and pushes your pulse into the danger zone. 
bad It never gels and one of the biggest problems is the lack of a consistent tone. 
bad the powers that be perfectly understand that they are making an evening's diversion, not an artistic statement, which in itself may be a perfectly valid artistic statement 
very_good Gordon-Levitt, fresh off his pivotal role in "The Dark Knight Rises," is an engaging leading man - tough and plucky, but also charming and accessible. 
fair There is virtually nothing original about the premise of Premium Rush, but its execution is immensely entertaining. 
best A Tour de Gridlock unfolding at a breakneck pace that doesn't give you a chance to pause to consider whether what you're watching is even credible. 
very_bad Shannon should have made Roscoe P. Coltrane noises the whole time. 
bad A silly, race-against-time thriller, filled with impressive chase scenes and stunt work on a bike without brakes. 
very_good A movie built around a bicycle messenger is a risky venture -- as an adrenaline-pumper, it sounds about as promising as Driving Miss Daisy -- but writer-director David Koepp invests in our need for speed right from the first frame. 
very_bad What we're left with are bicycles scooting around Manhattan and some mildly diverting stunt work... 
very_good Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon face off in a 90-minute chase layered with flashbacks that cleverly fill in the details with Pulp Fiction-esque precision. 
very_bad While Michael Shannon's performance is hilarious for every reason it shouldn't be, Joseph Gordon-Levitt disappoints for one of the first (and hopefully last) moments of his career. "Premium Rush" just feels sloppy and unsatisfying. 
fair While the premise is a bit idiotic, and at a brisk 90 minutes, 'Premium Rush' delivers the best ride due to Gordon-Levitt and Shannon's hilarious and appealing performances. 
very_good The simple, utterly satisfying Premium Rush delivers just what the title promises. 
good In many ways a live-action Road Runner cartoon... The other influence is Howard Hawks, in particular 'Only Angels Have Wings'... 
bad ...lacking characters to care about and with only the whisper of a story, 91 minutes of people riding bicycles at high speed through traffic-laden New York City isn't enough. 
fair The 'premium' of Koepp's film is the frenetic pace while the 'rush' stems largely from ignoring the transpiring events and savouring the ride. 
good Sometimes, what makes a movie a good one is not the story so much as how that story is told. 
bad (I)n the capable hands of David Koepp, we see how a simple premise can be parlayed into entertaining, escapist late Summer fun. 
bad A near-miss. Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and especially Michael Shannon give it their all, but they can't overcome the patch-work script. 
bad Rarely delivers on its title's promise of high-class excitement. 
bad Overall it will make a fun evening out, but don't expect greatness out of this race to the finish. 
good Premium Rush looks and feels like a lightweight movie, because it is. But it's an unusually well-made one. 
bad Premium Rush is little more than a 90-minute chase scene, but it's an often exhilarating ride thanks to adrenalin-triggering visuals. 
bad Undeniably, the word "action" does apply, but only as it falls between "class" and "suit." 
fair "Premium Rush" is both the title of this movie and its clever if less than subtle promise to summer audiences -- which it mostly delivers ... 
terrible This is supposed to be a life-and-death chase movie, not two friends messing around. 
fair Breezy and entertaining, if imperfect ... 
very_bad If it didn't star the universally beloved Gordon-Levitt, "Premium Rush" would quietly fall in the category of late-summer time killer for teenagers. 
very_bad Premium Rush is like Kim Kardashian, it looks pretty, but you wouldn't want to marry it. 
fair Premium Rush simply cannot recover from the pace-deflating expository flashbacks. 
fair The cinematic equivalent of a theme park ride&#151;fun in the moment, inconsequential in the long run, and over in a blink. 
good Sit back and enjoy it as a summer jolt of pure adrenaline. 
good Like the lithe and maligned carriers weaving their way through Big Apple traffic, "Premium Rush" is a thin, brash, sinewy thing built entirely for speed. 
terrible The script is terrible and the greatMichael Shannon is forced to sound like a 1930's gangster: "Hey what's the big idea!" and he's so over the top and it sucks you out of it. 
bad This will take you over when you're watching it, there's some cool tricks that suck you in, but after you start thinking about it, you realize that it's nowhere near as good as you thought it was while you were watching it. 
good The contrived tale is filled with plot holes, but the story takes a back seat to the chase-filled, daredevil action. 
good A surprising jolt to the system, driven by a great villainous turn by Michael Shannon. 
good [It] actually doesn't sound like it would work at all as a tightly wound slice of street action, but it does, and in radically fresh ways. 
good A chase is an inherently exciting event that movies can capture better than any other medium. David Koepp's Premium Rush is an exhilarating chase. 
fair Premium Rush quickly kicks off its extended action set piece and never lets up. 
good A refreshingly simple stunt-packed, low-budget action movie. 
fair Premium Rush can't decide if it's a serious, ticking-clock thriller or an antic, stunt-driven cartoon. 
good Cruising the streets of Manhattan, clocking in at a tight 90 minutes and set on a bike without brakes, this loose-limbed action-drama is a swift, sweaty ode to the city's subcultures and a punky descendant of '70s B-movies. 
bad "Premium Rush" has a lot of energy - too much, it's kind of exhausting. It also has a lot of trickiness. 
good Stuffed with zingers and zippy stunts, it comes with pretty young things of all hues and hair types - few prettier than its lead, Joseph Gordon-Levitt - and start-to-finish clever special effects, none more clever or special than Michael Shannon. 
fair The story appears formulaic at first but gets increasingly twisty as the movie progresses - though not always in a good way. 
terrible The plot is as layered and complex as a TV ad for detergent. 
very_good The skeleton of "Premium Rush" is as old as the movies: a chase. It's how the skeleton is fleshed out that makes the movie such loopy, crazed, dangerous fun. 
bad For those who found "Speed" too thoughtful, there's "Premium Rush," the new king of brainless chase flicks (at least until Razor scooters finances its first feature film). 
good Think of it as a motocross event blended with "Bullitt." 
bad It continually spins its wheels or even goes in reverse, backtracking to previous points to load new information. 
fair Hollywood has been trying to pull off the bike messenger as action hero since 1986's Quicksilver with Kevin Bacon. You have to hand it to Premium Rush, which has the kinetic whoosh to keep you spinning. 
bad This is empty-calorie stuff, but sometimes empty calories are the most enjoyable calories -- and Premium Rush, like Gordon-Levitt's bike-messenger character, delivers. 
bad High-octane action sustains thin plot in teen-friendly film. 
good A snappy, fast-paced thriller that provides a genuine rush to close out the summer. Even if you prefer four wheels over two, you're in for a pulse-pounding time. 
good The nonstop action and physicality is like watching a two-wheel parkour workout video. 
very_bad The action is neither cathartic nor supremely exhilarating. Bullitt on a bike this film is not. 
best An action lover's wet dream, with enough character and self-aware intelligence to forgive the rampant silliness at play. 
bad Add neon and spandex and you might think of 'Tron' 
good Silly stuff, but for an end-of-summer matinee you could do a whole lot worse - and, by this point of the summer, probably have. 
good Like a bike wheel, the film reflects an ever-spinning cycle of scenes that race forward and then, just as quickly, pedal back in time. A riveting action, um, spiller, with Shannon as a bad cop who couldn't be better. 
good It's Shannon who doesn't just steal the film, he towers over it. 
fair Premium Rush is a half-entertaining, half-exasperating movie - one that sells you on the notion of New York bike messengers as great fodder for cinema but then doesn't know how to build a feature around them. 
very_good "Premium Rush" is great fun - nimble, quick, the thinking person's mindless entertainment. 
good Rarely has a movie been so well served by its superficiality; Premium Rush proves how invigorating genre filmmaking can be in the hands of a savvy, perpetually inventive director. 
fair Entertaining enough but some of its inherent silliness might guarantee its place as a cult hit that finds more fans once it hits cable. 
good Could have cast Bow Wow and Ray Liotta and delivered its package, generically and according to protocol. Thankfully, this snappy little action flick prefers to zig and zag. 
very_good I'm very weary of routine chase movies. There's nothing routine about "Premium Rush." 
good A fascinating capsule of an era long past. 
bad [Ferraz] digs into the past to illuminate Kalatozov's extraordinary blend of formal bravura and revolutionary didacticism. 
very_bad This is a documentary about Godmilow's attempts to make a documentary about the Solidarity movement -- and if that sounds tortuous, wait until you see the movie. 
terrible It's all very "mad scientist dungeon," minus the excitement. 
fair The animation is no better than competent, but the film has a nice bluegrass-style musical score by Ed Bogas and should be fine for the kids and "Peanuts" fans. 
bad Can amount to either a delightful experience or a pleasant but slightly wearing one, depending upon the intensity of one's fascination with the basic "Peanuts" my...[ END HERE ]tique 
terrible The approach has all the lasting charm of a train derailment, but at least the train is going somewhere before it is brought to disaster. 
good One-of-a-kind high school comedy for the family. 
best Napoleon's climactic spaz-out dance is more than just a goofy gag. It's a payoff to a great buddy-system comedy and the idea that it's not high school's dreams and regrets that last, but the sometimes-bizarre friendships. 
good too odd to dismiss and often truly funny 
fair Napoleon Dynamite may not even be friggin' sweet, but it does have skills. [Blu-ray] 
very_bad Heder seems perversely bored, unable to hold his eyes open; was that a conscious acting choice, or was he simply reading his lines off the floor? 
terrible Writer-director Jared Hess tries for John Hughes by way of the Coen Brothers, but only comes up with one dull, unfunny non-sequitur after another. 
good If you have an indie film sense of humor -- and those of you who have it know what I mean -- you'll probably enjoy this flick. 
good Seething with teen-angst irritability and an obstinate blind ignorance to just how much of an outcast he is, Napoleon Dynamite may be the biggest dork in the history of high school movies. 
bad As long as you don't mind making fun of the afflicted, there are some killer comic moments. 
very_good Delights in deadpan %u2013 celebrates nerd. And is a testament that beauty can be found everywhere. A charming, albeit quite odd cinematic piece. Harold and Maude -lite. 
very_good I began to appreciate the neat reversals of expectations, slow pace and serene non sequiturs of the plot, the film's smart approach towards teen alienation, ludicrous ambition and impossible dreams. 
fair Napoleon Dynamite isn't exactly the year's funniest film, but it does make for a memorable experience that can be enjoyed over and over again. 
bad 'March to the beat of your own drum,' the movie may say, 'but we will laugh at you.' 
good E recheado de estereotipos dos mais ofensivos, mas torna-se agradavel e divertido gracas ao apelo de seu personagem-titulo. 
bad ...makes a good attempt for about its first quarter hour at showing us the dilemma of the high school outsider. 
bad What is touching, however, and perhaps the film's central theme, is the strength, however strangely expressed, of the friendship between Napoleon, Deb and Pedro. 
fair Not much really happens in this film but it's an oddly heart-warming character study and will ring bells with anyone who has ever spent any time in a small town. 
good Revels in its own kookiness and is the most engaging teen movie to emerge from the States for many a year. 
terrible Bubbles with barely suppressed loathing for its characters and setting. 
bad An offbeat, frequently funny comedy that gradually wins you over, much like its central character. 
fair Its acutely observed triumph is also its undoing: It's hard to satirize oppressive tedium without becoming oppressively tedious. This movie's not low-key, it's no-key. 
terrible Napoleon Dynamite is like watching Todd Solondz kick a dog on Nickelodeon 
good I don't know if I was laughing at [Napoleon] or with him, but I was certainly laughing during the movie. 
bad The great thing about the film is that it refuses to cave in and make Napoleon a hero. 
good This is a movie for the kid who ever thought about keeping a pair of nunchucks in his locker, or preferred drawing pictures of sword-fighting barbarians to playing football. 
very_good You may not like him much. But you'll find yourself rooting for "Napoleon Dynamite." 
good Yes, Napoleon Dynamite has some of that annoying forced indie quirkiness, but it also possesses a certain wayward originality 
good A wacky, weird high school film that John Waters and the Coen brothers could have co-directed. Soo-weeet. 
bad It's a great showcase of Schadenfreude so if that's your thing, run, don't walk to the movie. Fabulous, unique performances. 
very_bad There is nothing dynamic about this "Dynamite" 
very_good There's an interesting factor at play here: many of the film's laughs come from the way Napoleon so stubbornly refuses to adhere to the conventions of adolescence. 
fair Jon Heder delivers a fearless performance that's almost breathtaking in its wormy detail. 
good The funniest film of the summer. 
fair As slight as the picture is, though, its hero is an indelible creation. 
good Leaves viewers with a welcome and all too rare feeling of movie-induced giddiness... 
very_good It's more the fusion of forces by friends on the same askew wavelength who combine their skills into something greater than their sum. 
fair Although it sometimes feels like a one-note joke stretched out too long, it's still probably the most unique comedy you'll see all year. 
good You'll laugh. You'll feel silly for doing it. Then you'll do it again. 
good The slow burn and deadpan dumbness of Napoleon Dynamite is a perfect fit for its minimalist aesthetic. 
bad Jared Hess pushes Napoleon's stupidity as far as it can go in pursuit of cheap laughs, but achieves nothing that isn't easily forgettable. 
good Funny enough that I'll refrain from describing the gags that made me laugh, lest I spoil them for you. 
fair It's a quirky, fresh slice-of-life more inviting than a tater-tot pyramid. 
very_good We laugh at all the nerdy behavior in the movie, and there's a reason that's OK: Because, deep down, we know we are all nerds. 
terrible May be the most condescending comedy ever to imagine itself being too cool for the room. 
fair This is basically a collection of hit-and-miss skits that are stumbling around in search of a story line. 
very_good Hess and Heder allow Napoleon to remain his geeky self from beginning to end, a guy who -- like his movie -- dares to be different and succeeds. 
good Has more belly laughs than 10 studio-produced, star-vehicle comedies. 
terrible Calling this story about a quirky high-school student from a dysfunctional family who lives in a goofy small town a one-joke movie is exaggerating by a factor of 10. 
very_bad The most disappointing thing about "Napoleon Dynamite" is that it chooses to make its lead character the butt of its jokes 
good Heder is magnificent, but the film's flat, eccentric tone is Hess' overarching achievement. 
good It's a vacuum-packed Idaho spud of a world, but funny. 
fair Has a sweet momentum. 
bad The bits are hit-and-miss, though the funny ones are often very funny. 
good A very funny sketch of high school nerds in rural Idaho 
bad When the audience roared at Napoleon's almost spastic way of slicing the air with his limp-spaghetti arms, I cringed. 
good Hess does creatively produce a droll gem that exudes a nerdy naughtiness worthy of exploring in all its deadpan deliciousness 
good You must see it to believe it because this film is entirely original. The movie's final line will have you in stitches. It's the most romantic line ever said on film! 
fair A few minutes in, we know all the punchlines. 
fair Napoleon Dynamite is like a cinematic bully, picking on the nerds with apparent glee 
good Captures, to hilarious extremes, all the uncomfortable- in- your- own- skin humiliation of teen dorkdom... 
bad It's not as hilarious as it thinks it is, and it's sometimes too weird for words, but it is often pretty funny. 
bad There's no cohesive story, just a series of opportunities for the title character to strut his gawky stuff. 
fair You may find yourself feeling a bit guilty about enjoying it so much. 
fair Has nerd chic. 
good An inspired dead-end stunt that keeps delivering snarky laughs far longer than it has any right to. 
good A noteworthy achievement in freaks-and-geeks cinema and often reminscent of the work of Rhode Island's famed Farrelly brothers. 
very_bad There is a kind of studied stupidity that sometimes passes as humor, and Jared Hess' Napoleon Dynamite pushes it as far as it can go. 
very_bad This quirky-nerdy, heartland-set tale of a teen outcast's life and dorky times fizzles. 
bad Massages a few angry yuks at the expense of its misfit gallery. 
fair No-frills celebration of cluelessness. 
bad This is the sort of Sundance audience hit that doesn't necessarily travel. 
terrible Napoleon and his pals aren't the heroes of a Bruce Springsteen song who get up every morning and go to work each day. They're knuckleheads. 
bad If I wanted to spend 90 minutes with someone like that, I'd just watch myself in the mirror...for 90 minutes. 
bad One of the more bizarre and original characters in recent memory, Napoleon provides some great laughs despite an uneven story that often loses steam. 
terrible 'This is pretty much the worst video ever made,' Napoleon complains. ... I know exactly how he feels. 
bad It's an outlandish, goofy diversion. 
terrible Mistakes insults for jests and racism for narrative guile. 
fair One of the most original and quirkily endearing debuts since Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket. 
good A little movie with a lot of heart and a lot of laughs. 
fair Hess' deadpan debut could have been so much better if only he'd had the courage to actually appreciate his loser characters. 
good Commitment to honesty, along with enough genuine laughs, gives Napoleon Dynamite an appealing humanity that will leave you smiling. 
bad Take Poindexter from Revenge Of The Nerds, give him as much charisma as, let's say a wet rag and let him master one facial expression - then you have Napoleon Dynamite. 
bad Doesn't reach the hilarious heights that its short film predecessor Peluca does. It's funny in places, but not satisfying...wait to rent it. 
fair Weird and often hilariously funny. 
good guaranteed to win over the geek inside most of us 
terrible It's a simple collection of sight gags and pratfalls that mines the overly familiar turf of awkward adolescence without bringing anything truly original to the experience. 
bad A small-scale, deadpan film. 
fair ...a wonderfully skewed story that weaves together tater tot fetishism, a voracious llama, tether ball, Internet dating, and the high school presidential race... 
fair In Fourth of July terms, its pop is less dynamite than firecracker. 
good Nerdiness will never seem the same. 
fair Maybe if I weren't as far removed from high school as I am now, I'd be much more into the movie's warped depiction of teenage wasteland. 
good Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky and appealing comedy set in Idaho about an oddball teenager who waits patiently until he gets his chance to shine on his own terms. 
bad a wry and sober comedy about family neglect and social ostracism that is deeply, truly funny 
bad A trashy Midwestern remake of Rushmore. 
good With a low-key sense of humor and without the slightest whiff of sentimentality, Hess delivers a film about geeks that makes Revenge of the Nerds look like the Hollywood tripe that it is. 
very_good A quirky, one-of-a-kind comedic gem. Even when you aren't laughing out loud, you won't be able to stop from smiling. 
good You'll laugh till it hurts. 
terrible For those who think there'e nothing funnier than yokels acting like idiots for 90 minutes straight. 
fair Both as written and as acted, every single character in Napoleon Dynamite -- is richly characterized and distinctly drawn. 
very_good There's a depth of character and droll humor in Napoleon Dynamite that recalls a dash of the Coens and a pinch of Wes Anderson. 
very_good Imagine an out-there cartoon and watching it spring to live-action on the big screen. 
very_good Each actor perfectly compliments the Hess's original brand of humor that keep steady giggles bubbling from the audience, inspiring frequent bursts of uproarious laughter. 
best The film runs the risk of devolving into a live-action cartoon. That it never does is a credit to the Hess' strong screenplay and to the actors. 
terrible This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now. 
fair The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there. 
bad Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel. 
very_bad We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do. 
terrible Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock! 
bad It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette. 
good It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.' 
terrible The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker. 
good The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater. 
very_bad "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that. 
bad You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite. 
bad The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material. 
bad You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater. 
very_bad A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals. 
very_bad For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format 
very_bad The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you. 
bad Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars. 
very_bad The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is. 
terrible It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements. 
very_bad Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals. 
very_bad The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters. 
fair It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before. 
good It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing. 
good What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them. 
good No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here. 
very_good I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy. 
terrible As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff. 
good Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way. 
bad Se este fosse o primeiro episodio da serie a chegar aos cinemas, ela nao teria alcancado o status e a longevidade que conseguiu nos ultimos 20 anos. 
good It exactly has the same strengths and weaknesses as the original three, plus breathtakingly spectacular visual design and special effects. 
good Episodio I tuvo la virtud de juntar a dos generaciones en un mismo fenomeno 
fair It does the job just fine. That job, as director George Lucas freely admits, is quite simply to thrill the beating hearts and the inquiring minds of 12-year-old boys. 
good It's not perfect ... but it's still fantastic. 
bad ...not in the same league as the original Star Wars. But, then, it was never meant to be. 
good An often deliriously exciting adventure, hitting the target audience of 10-year olds and satisfying long-time fans. 
very_good The visual imagery comes off the screen in leaps and bounds, and it allows Lucas the freedom to construct intricately detailed action sequences that put the audience right in the action. 
good It sustains the gee-whiz spirit of the series and offers a swashbuckling extragalactic getaway, creating illusions that are even more plausible than the kitchen-raiding raptors of Jurassic Park. 
very_good A testimony to how far special effects have come. 
bad Though I've been bored senseless by the Star Wars phenomenon for over two decades, I found The Phantom Menace something of a pleasant surprise. 
very_good There is a sense of discovery in scene after scene of The Phantom Menace. 
good A great work from a greater director, and a blockbuster of quite the most swashbuckling kind. 
fair Quite uninteresting in its stale moments, the "Menace" soars from time to time. 
very_good The story was well told, the characters were for the most part nicely drawn, and the action was phenomenal. 
bad I wish Phantom Menace was a better film. The bones of a great film are there. But there's no beating the sense of hope and adventure and honest-to-goodness wonder that shines through. 
good The special effects are as awesome as you would expect, and this is an extremely slick production. 
good Spectacular fun! 
good Lucas has gotten rusty, and it shows in quite a few places. But he still has the heart of a visionary, and when that shines through, The Phantom Menace is a wonder to behold. 
good This entry into the Star Wars saga does the originals justice in terms of heart, action, and fun. 
very_good This is a film made for the fans. On that level, it doesn't disappoint. 
bad Like a giant anchor in a sea of scattered Hollywood myths, Phantom Menace --the mere making of it -- promises viewers a point of reference of biblical proportions. 
good An old-fashioned epic and like epics of yore it supplies its audiences with enough spectacle and awe. 
best Visually dazzling, inventive beyond imagining and full of resonant detail that recalls stories told or hints at those to come! 
good Lucas has proved he has the Naboos to pull it off again. 
fair [Lucas] ought to spend more time on story and less time crunching binaries. 
good It's an extremely enjoyable movie, blending imagination with technology and creating visual eye candy, wrapped up in a lightweight but enjoyable story. 
fair Finally someone has crossed the line where reality and fantasy are indistinguishable! 
very_good The Phantom Menace takes twists and turns you don't expect. 
fair I'd have to say it's a better picture than Return of the Jedi while falling into the same third-act trap of juxtaposing a terrific swordfight with boring, slapstick scenes of combat. 
very_good Only time will tell if this movie deserves to be connected to the last three episodes, or, for that matter, if the final three episodes deserve to be connected to this one. 
good This movie is a perfect example of why the word 'eye-candy' was invented. 
very_good Perfecto ejemplo de como la imaginacion puede traspasar fronteras y edades 
fair A feast for the eyes and ears! 
good This Star Wars engages by its sheer variety of characters! 
good Thoroughly entertaining! 
good Exceptionally well-made, highly imaginative. 
good There's plenty to look at! 
good It isn't the best in the series, but it delivers about what you would expect. 
very_good Decide for yourself. 
fair A film that not only couldn't stand up to the hype monster, but also couldn't stand up to multiple viewings. 
best Not only is it a fanciful phenomenon but it's also the most eye-popping spectacular special-effects picture ever made as George Lucas integrates the fantasy of computer imagery with reality. 
very_good Not a great film, but it is magical and majestic. 
fair Flawed as it is, The Phantom Menace captured my imagination and I enjoyed it. 
very_good It works as an action flick, visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting; it also works as an elicitor of memories, a piece of exquisite nostalgia. 
fair It's a frenetic visual feast indeed; there's nothing quite like it in the galaxy. 
very_bad Joyless, overly reverential and impenetrably plotted! 
bad It's wholesome and enjoyable entertainment for kids, rather than the slap in the face a truly bad movie would have been, but the fans deserve more. 
bad Wait till it's out on video. Then borrow it. 
terrible It is an understatement to say that the movie is a disappointment; it is the disappointment of the millennium. 
very_bad If I had to pick six words to describe this movie, they would be, 'too busy, too silly, no mystery.' 
fair With Phantom, Lucas has brought the series to the brink of total artificiality, the future as a video game. 
bad Geared more to video-game fans than to grown-up moviegoers who remember when the best fantasy films had grander ambitions. 
bad Lucas' directorial attention is clearly not focused on the cast, most of whom seem slightly adrift. 
bad Everything about this film is so mechanical you wonder if it was written, directed and acted by 'droids.' 
fair What's missing from George Lucas' heralded return to the screen is . . . sex. 
bad In special effects, Lucas has moved a galaxy beyond. In energy, not yet. 
fair It actually undoes some of the myth and magic that the first three movies forged in the hearts and minds of millions of movie lovers. 
bad Even without the pre-release hoopla, The Phantom Menace would be a considerable letdown! 
fair Still, you have to see it, don't you? I know I did, and I'm glad I did. But I can honestly say I was never really entertained. 
bad The result is an adventure that feels...well, Forced. 
good Sit back and enjoy fantastic, imaginative visuals. 
bad It starts off briskly with some fantastic special effects and a great high-speed chase but then founders on the shores of bad script writing. 
fair Lucas does not always recognize his limitations. This tends to make films of mixed quality. Still, there is always enough that is excellent to make them worth seeing. 
good It is certainly better than the childish Phantom Menace and the final 45 minutes of straight action beat the editing nightmare at the end of the last film. 
good The magic has definitely been recaptured. 
good As convincing a job as they, Christensen, and Lee do, they all end up being upstaged by the jaw-dropping skills of a CGI creation: Yoda (again voiced by Frank Oz), who finally gets a chance to show exactly why he has such a legendary reputation. 
very_good It's impossible...to dismiss a film with this much stuff: exotic production design, imaginative characters, and a wide variety of digital jedi fu. 
bad It would be easy to say that this film is fantastic and blows away the others, but unfortunately I cannot. 
good Superior to Episode I -- The Phantom Menace, with its annoying Jar Jar Binks and its dull, galaxy-hopping story line. 
good Alternately excites and bores. 
bad I'll call it nearly good, based mostly on one hell of a last half-hour. 
good It's no Empire Strikes Back but then you won't have to worry about Jar Jar too much either. 
terrible How I wish I could say something other than ho-hum. 
bad You will most likely end up sitting through this latest installment - even if the series has become a shadow of its former self 
very_good My God, how wonderful it would be if it just even pretended to not be so commercialized. 
very_good The Star Wars franchise continues to slip into obscurity with another underwhelming entry. 
bad At least it's better than Return of the Jedi. If that sounds like faint praise... then line up and find out for yourself. 
bad I feel ambivalent about it and I'm still going to pay to see it again. It's just that important to our collective dorkitude. 
very_good The film has that Star Wars atmosphere fully in place, complete with a thematic resonance and a reliance on strong personalities interacting to drive the events forward. 
very_bad Yes, it's better than The Phantom Menace. Think for a minute about how little that means. 
good Star Wars fans, prepare to weep with joy. 
good It has all the moves; it never quite catches the rhythm. 
bad ...open your eyes and ears and disengage your mind...it's a splendid film, and enjoying it for its sheer beauty is much more fun than having to think about it. 
good If Phantom Menace resulted in mindless boredom, then Attack of the Clones at least offers mindless entertainment. 
terrible A tale full of sound and fury, sucking the life out of cinema. 
very_good The least of the Star Wars series, but that is pretty damn good. 
good Star Wars fans will be in heaven. 
very_good Es divertida, visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida. Simple y sencillamente te sorprendera. 
very_good Lucas returns the series to its roots, delivering a cartoon-like adventure that uses special effects to enhance rather than replace storytelling. 
very_good Meant for Star Wars fans. It is there to give them a good time. 
good Se Obi-Wan e Yoda continuarem a brilhar desta forma, duvido que o Imperio dos Pessimistas consiga derrubar o trabalho do Mestre Lucas. 
bad It's still got enough magic to coast on sheer goodwill. 
bad The battling Yoda looks ludicrous, like Kermit the Frog in a Matrix fight scene. 
very_good less Jar Jar, no discussion of taxes and trade blockades, and more Jedis, violence, and sex appeal 
bad Lucas has never been able to conjure another Han Solo, a character who could, with simply a wink, remind us that this was just an overgrown Saturday afternoon serial. 
very_good In the end, what I appreciated most was the unpredictability of it all. 
good Clones largely brings everything together, deepening the arc of the entire story ... and restoring the mythological grandeur that helped establish the series in the first place. 
fair What Lucas needs to wrap up this franchise properly is a return to the fundamentals: less overplotted hooey, more thick blue liquid. 
good Attack of the Clones is light years ahead of its predecessor and a return to the fun Saturday matinee feel that the original films possessed. There's a bunch of surprises, and a good mix of action, laughs, romance, and suspense. 
fair If you ignore the cheesy dialog and the political mumbo-jumbo, the power of the force has returned to the franchise. 
very_bad Two hours of nonsense and fifteen minutes that may sell a couple more bags of Yoda-endorsed Sour Cream and Onion Ruffles. 
bad Why does Lucas even bother planting the seeds if he refuses to let them sprout? 
fair It's an ambitious film, and as with all ambitious films, it has some problems. But on the whole, you're gonna like this movie. 
very_good Just watching the little fuzzy guy doing stuff that would put Cirque du Soleil to shame was a blast in and of itself. 
terrible A riot of sterility, with planetscape after stunning planetscape swallowing up its characters and their petty concerns. 
bad Attack of the mildly engaging plot. 
good Abounds in A-budget variations of Saturday-matinee B-movie excitement. 
bad Isn't it sad that these movies no longer sweep us away, but force us to sit making mental checklists of what George Lucas has done right and what he has done wrong? 
best As one of the millions of so-called fan-geeks out there, Episode II was all I hoped it would be. 
best "Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones" is the most stunningly beautiful, visually dazzling and fiercely action-packed of all the "Star Wars" films. 
very_bad Well, it's better than The Phantom Menace. But George Lucas' latest chapter suffers from onerous self-importance. 
good The dialogue is so wooden that you can use it for batting practice...Just sit back and let your eyes feast on the wonderfully imaginative visuals. 
very_good The diverging plot lines and the rich, expansive and incredibly beautiful scenery and planets -- not to mention the constant action -- almost make up for Lucas' deficiency with the spoken word. 
very_good There's an amazing gladiator-like confrontation in a coliseum followed by a rip-roaring battle scene between the Jedi warriors and the army of clones. 
very_bad Attack of the Clones, while rallying in its final third, is as talky and long-winded as the bickering Jedi Council. 
bad THX Digital sound and some great visual fury...signifying nothing. 
best By far the best movie to be released so far in 2002. 
very_bad The script is weak, the dialogue is flat, the acting is stiff, and most of all, the all-important love story that's supposed to give the film its emotional core just doesn't work. 
bad The film is not as bad as the mainstream critics are making it out to be. Unfortunately, it's not as good as the hardcore fan critics are saying, either. 
good Despite some weaknesses, Attack of the Clones redeems the franchise. 
good Now THIS is a Star Wars movie. Attack of the Clones has much more rooted into the Star Wars universe as we know it. 
very_good This is a special effects extravaganza. 
good Beautifully majestic...often awe-inspiring...five times better than Episode I. 
very_good Fans have a fix, audiences have an adventure, and Lucas has another blockbuster; what's not to love? 
good You might check your watch a couple of times during the long, long set-up, but that last act will have you riveted to your seat! 
good It's just fun, pure and simple. 
fair May qualify as the third-best episode yet -- behind The Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars. 
bad An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots. 
fair I'm all over the action in the movie, and the last half hour alone is literally worth the price of admission. 
bad A solid summer movie worth its admission price. 
bad A better movie than the clumsy Phantom Menace. 
very_good Back are the old-fashioned movie-serial thrills, breathtaking action sequences, elaborate mythology and vivid imagination that made his original Star Wars trilogy such a success back in the 1970s and '80s. 
fair This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own. 
bad With Clones, it is abundantly clear that the Force just isn't with [Lucas] any longer. 
fair The old charm is mostly left behind, a twinkle in Princess Leia's eyes, while Lucas clones films with industrial fervor. 
bad Unlike the first Star Wars, made for a general audience in search of a good time, Attack of the Clones is pitched to a cult audience. 
very_bad Watching Attack of the Clones is like getting rapped on the head with a rubber mallet -- no lasting damage (I pray and hope), but bad enough to bring on an acute bout of dizziness and disorientation. 
bad Yes, Episode II is beautifully rendered and better than the last. It's also duller than Tatooine's desert landscape until the last half-hour. 
bad Takes itself on a dazzling, digital tear. 
bad To borrow from Yoda-speak: Much to desire we still have. 
fair By going forward into the past to create a 'prequel' trilogy, Lucas has trapped himself in a fundamentally anticlimactic venture. 
very_good Lucas trumps himself with the coolest lightsaber fight since the first Luke-vs.-Vader face-off in The Empire Strikes Back. 
fair A cosmic letdown to watch this new film and realize that Lucas still doesn't know how to write dialogue or direct flesh- and-blood actors and, even more significantly, has largely forgotten how to evoke wonder and have a little fun. 
fair Instead of zesty and daring, Attack of the Clones is often labored and stiff. 
bad This didn't feel like Star Wars. It felt like a movie ripping off Star Wars. Something wasn't right. 
good Christensen succeeds because he reveals the flashes of evil within Anakin's character: a word, a gesture, a youthful burst of impatience. 
terrible This is a fantasy with no poetry in it, which explains why barely a frame of it stuck with me after I left the theater. 
best Lucas has recaptured and accentuated the elements that made the original films such a joy to experience. 
bad While it was always clear that Lucas cared more about special effects than acting, here his lack of interest has produced phenomenally wooden performances from newcomers and veterans alike. 
bad Just entertaining enough to warrant a bit more than a passing grade, the film is better than Menace, but not by a great deal and still has too many glaring problems to make it as good or just plain enjoyable as it could and should have been. 
best Bristles with excitement in every frame making this installment a high-energy adventure. 
very_good Simply put, the 'good stuff' in Attack of the Clones so outweighs the bad...that the bad is hardly worth mentioning. 
very_bad The emphasis on computer-generated effects ultimately robs the movie of much of its energy. 
bad Clones is more star chores than Star Wars. 
good Episode II is certainly flawed, but Lucas gets enough things right to give even disillusioned Star Wars fans new hope for Episode III. 
bad [T]here's nothing new to the picture, no creative chance taken. 
very_good No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones' last 45 minutes. 
very_good This is not another Phantom Menace franchise; it's a phenomenal, eye-popping feast for the senses. 
good Is it as good as the original trilogy? No. But, as we move closer to understanding how these people become those people, it's clear that Lucas' storytelling powers are gathering force. 
fair It's better than The Phantom Menace. But unless you're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie, it isn't much fun. 
good The computer generated sets may amaze, and computer-generated characters blend seamlessly with live actors. But it is the return of the humans that makes Clones work. 
good Attack of the Clones is a triumph of technology over humanity, and if it falls short of a completely fulfilling experience, it also achieves the kind of primal emotion movies were invented for: wonder. 
good It may not be a perfect film, but Attack of the Clones is close to what we've come to expect from a Star Wars movie. 
good The film isn't without flaws -- acting is wooden early on, at least one action scene could be cut and certain computer effects look phony. But it's worthy of this compliment: Clones is a real Star Wars movie. 
fair If you're not a long-standing admirer there's little reason to join the queues on opening night. 
best Consistently thrilling and massively enjoyable, Clones redeems Lucas' reputation after Menace. 
fair The persistent shadow of Darth Vader is the most interesting aspect in a movie that fails to live up to its potential. 
bad For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects, the new Star Wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one. 
best This movie should thoroughly please old fans and even create new ones, even if it probably won't win over critics who believe the series has turned into the movie equivalent of a slick, vacuous theme park. 
bad A gloriously fun last 30 minutes isn't enough to hide a preceding two hours of bland entertainment 
good Dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away. 
very_good In a time when, more often than not, sequels disappoint, it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy. 
fair This thing will have your mind glazed over faster than a glob of dough in a Krispy Kreme plant. 
bad Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie. 
very_bad Lucas' gift for animating the inanimate turns out to be paralleled by a tendency to deaden what should be completely alive. 
fair A vast improvement on the last episode in the Star Wars franchise, The Phantom Menace. 
very_good On a purely visceral level, Clones is a delightfully rousing, eye-popping, crowd-pleasing homage to Saturday-morning serials of the '30s and '40s. 
fair Exalts the character of former Queen, now Senator Padme Amidala (Natalie Portman), whose impressive array of attractive costumes appropriate the young actress' natural beauty. 
very_good While the first Star Wars will always be a sentimental favorite, Attack of the Clones may well be the best in the series overall. 
very_good Lucas' slickest trick is how by the end--in spite of any snickers or groans one may have uttered along the way--one finds oneself invested in the fates of these characters. 
good Christensen shines at the centre. 
bad Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry. 
bad The Force against dullness is finally goosing George Lucas. 
fair Altogether, the movie is enjoyable despite its nagging script inadequacies and crummy 'down' scenes. 
fair It's worth the price of a ticket. You're going to see the damn thing anyway, have a clear conscience. 
best Funny, complex and enormous fun. 
bad Episode II-- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight. 
best Do we really have to wait another three years? 
best Wonder, hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along, especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars 
terrible Its screenplay serves as auto-critique, and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure. 
terrible I'm tempted to quote an evergreen Public Enemy song: don't believe the hype. 
good It's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and, of course, special effect. 
good ...as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement. 
good In the end, Clones bests Menace on most levels... acting, story, effects, score. 
good Star Wars fans should be entertained and general audiences should get a kick out of it too. 
good An action-packed, fun-filled adventure. 
fair Nothing more than a decent action flick with great effects and a silly story that happens to be blessed by a very good pedigree. 
good Move over Spidey, George Lucas is bringing out a sci-fi movie with a little more gravitas to knock you off your perch. 
bad Here's the good news: the latest toy from George Lucas's soulless Star Wars factory is better than The Phantom Menace. Now the bad: it's not much better. 
good Impeccable visuals, intriguing characters, awesome action sequences, a surprising romance and a generally more "adult" feel.. 
bad This sequel doesn't quite have the heart of the first Air Bud. 
bad The original film's director, Charles Martin Smith... has been replaced by Richard Martin, who brings a family-hour blandness to every scene. 
terrible [The film is] marked by dumbfoundingly bad dialogue, cliche-driven plotting and groan-worthy predictability. 
bad If you're a 7-year-old, at whom the film is aimed, you'll probably have no problem with the idea of a dog being able to join a school football team. If you're a cynical old critic like me, you may feel differently. 
terrible This doggie has fleas. 
fair Air Bud: Golden Receiver has the same strengths and weaknesses as its predecessor. But this time the strengths are weaker and the weaknesses are stronger. 
very_bad It's also hard to take seriously a film where a premise so bizarre is shrugged off as a given. 
bad Air Bud 2 only has the ability to make you laugh (occasionally), and nothing else. 
bad The Problem with the Air Bud sequel is simple: too many people and not enough dog. 
terrible A decent way to settle the little ones down on a Saturday afternoon, sure, but so is Ritalin. 
terrible Air Bud: Golden Receiver is just as idealess as the original. 
very_bad Air Bud 2: Golden Receiver is a pale shadow of the entertaining 1997 family movie. It's a sequel that lacks the spirit and sweetness of the original. 
fair It's a Styrofoam-cup comedy, lightweight and disposable, but this G-rated fantasy of suburban family life is a good bet for its intended audience of 12-year-olds and younger. 
bad The film is pleasantly sweet and occasionally sharp. 
bad A mostly-mangled splicing of ideas and themes, one that never seems convinced of its own identity. 
terrible A vampire movie without enough sharp teeth. 
bad Aiming for the same mix of the whimsical and the macabre long favoured by Tim Burton, Bench fails to achieve either quality with any consistency. 
terrible Do yourself a favor and stick with the original. 
terrible Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb. 
fair It may not be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day be remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun. 
bad This isn't a perfect movie, and it's not as strong as the original. However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride. 
very_bad Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene. If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine. I know. But trust me. Or don't. 
bad The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987. It's still not that great, but it sure is entertaining. 
very_bad It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe. 
very_bad It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next. 
very_bad The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more. 
bad Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID. The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help. A back-to-basics approach would have been much better. 
terrible The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit. 
very_bad CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so. 
good A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul. 
best Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale. 
best Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film. 
best Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray] 
good The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it. 
very_good The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone. 
good ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed. 
best It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars. 
best Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy. 
best The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year. 
very_good It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities. 
good Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema. 
very_good It's FANTASTIC! 
best A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages. 
good Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns. 
very_bad Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film. 
best Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year. 
best like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child. 
good Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores. 
best Quite simply, it blew me away. 
very_good The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh. 
best Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh. 
good You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made. 
best You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger 
very_good "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable. 
very_good The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours. 
best This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality. 
best El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte 
best It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time. 
best A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama. 
best High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt. 
best What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles. 
good An epic work of accomplished skill and grace. 
very_good This is an exciting, mystical, romantic surprise of a film that really puts the 'art' in 'martial arts.' 
good It's pure Indiana Jones fun with an unexpected sense of consequence. 
best It's The Matrix spliced with David Lean 
best A ravishing fairy tale/epic, and the best movie of the year. 
very_good If you're in the mood for a beautifully photographed melodrama punctuated by dazzling martial arts sequences, then get ready for some big fun. 
best One of those wonders of imagination and craft that confirm your wildest dreams about the magic of movies. 
best A film of sublime beauty, poetic mystery and rousing spirit. 
very_good The screenplay delivers with several story lines intermingled, all evoking the full spectrum of human emotion. 
very_good A good story, attractive and likable stars, and great action do make this one of the season's best entertainment values. 
very_good A feast for the eyes and ears that rarely slows down. 
best The class act of action movies. 
best The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen. 
very_good Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking. 
very_good With its gift for showing things that can't be described, Crouching Tiger's blend of the magical, the mythical and the romantic fills a need in us we might not even realize we had. 
very_good Once we get a taste of that action, we want buckets of it. 
bad As soon as the action stops, the actors start to slowly, painfully slowly, drone on with some of the most lifeless dialog of the year. 
fair Awesome, awesome battles, beautifully shot and an okay story. 
very_good A magnificently-crafted hybrid of Chinese historical epic, F/X-enhanced martial arts spectacular, mystical romantic tragedy and live-action anime. 
best Packed with some of the best martial arts yet filmed. 
best Calling Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon a religious experience may be overstating the case a bit, but Ang Lee's rhapsodically romantic martial arts enthraller certainly redeems a slew of sins in this lackluster movie year. 
best You have never seen a movie like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon because there has never been a movie like it. 
best The film satisfies on both visceral and emotional levels. 
best Masterpiece. 
good Whenever Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon resorts to flying fists or soaring sword battles, the Force is definitely with it. 
very_good The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity. 
very_good The film never ceases to dazzle our eyes and arrest our attention. 
very_good Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will make you fall in love with film all over again. 
good If you can't find something in this movie to set your heart aflutter, call the doctor. 
very_good Splashes across the big screen like no other martial arts movie you've ever seen. 
very_good A film that takes you on a bareback horse-ride waltz through beauty. 
best Success is destined for this movie because it has a mix of romance, fantasy, and action that will appeal to all audiences regardless of age, sex, or whether they watch many subtitled films. 
best Within age-old contrivances emerge deeply affecting characters. Poetry. 
best Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon kicks all living ass. 
best Think back and try to recall the last time you saw a hero on the screen who stepped aside to serve others by making himself a zero. 
good Banish all thoughts of Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh as shoot 'em up action heroes. 
best Crouching Matrix, Hidden Kill Bill... The best movie I've seen this year. 
bad It's an intriguing mish-mash, a meta-textual stew that Goldberg, unfortunately, paints with a big, thick brush and then underlines with fat charcoal pencils. 
bad So many questions are raised from both sides of the celebrity fence that the film could only have been made by someone as on-the-edge of stardom as [Goldberg]. 
very_bad It's too busy trying to be clever that it forgets to give us anything that's actually interesting. 
bad a pointless stew 
very_bad What is so dreadful about unearned fame and undeserved riches that warrants this faux-Antonioni despair? 
terrible At last, Adam Goldberg has given us his 8 1/2. It's an ambitious rumination on fame, reality, love, loss and regret that falls so far short, he should have called it 2 1/8. 
bad Working with a self-consciously urgent, neo-noir style, Goldberg seems intent on expressing a meaningful message of some kind. It's too bad, then, that he has chosen such a shallow subject. 
very_bad Directed by the young actor Adam Goldberg, "I Love Your Work is an attempt to say something interesting about modern celebrity. 
fair I Love Your Work gets the dissonance of the celebrity lifestyle to a T. But the self-reflexive strategy of Goldberg and co-writer Adrian Butchart is too brainy by half. 
very_bad When Ricci's dreamgirl, finally fed up with Gray's insanity, chastises him with "You're obvious," it's a sentiment also applicable to the film itself. 
bad An edgeless one man show by Ribisi that acts like being insane. 
bad A crisp impressionistic look at stardom while pointing out the allure of being common. Very strong in direction, script and acting, but struggles to finish. 
fair Goldberg takes his message really seriously, abandoning a satirical edge early on, as if he were the first person to ever discover that celebrity is hollow. 
bad Maybe the point is to be bewildered. That would be fine had the film created any resonant power. Instead, we're merely bemused. 
fair I Love Your Work has its rewards for those up to the challenge of tackling its nonlinear structure and brooding nature. 
bad When Gray begins spying on a presumably normal couple (Joshua Jackson and Marisa Coughlan), the movie goes over the top. Perhaps that's the point. Who knows? Who cares? 
bad When the film goes into its second half, the initial fascination has almost worn off. 
bad I love your other work - this one I'm not so crazy about. 
fair ...generally more of a showcase for several undeniably superb performances than anything else... 
good Quite a simple story but a heart-warming one. 
bad Wes Ball does a good job of establishing his world and making the maze an imposing place to spend time. 
very_good Its only flaw is a mildy silly plot contrivance that allows the stunning finale, but other than that it's just about perfect. 
very_good In the end, like Holbrook's enchanting rhythms on stage, Holbrook/Twain: An American Odysseyexpertly catches the mesmerizing beats of a man who continues to share his life-in the guise of one of America's greatest humorists-with his adoring public. 
bad Whatever the moral perspective, it keeps you gripped right to the end. 
very_bad The set design, by future director Derek Jarman, is probably the most successful element of the film. 
best Twisted genius. 
best Quite frankly one of the greatest films ever made. Period. No qualifiers are necessary. 
good Splendidly lusty fare, its feet deep in the mud of the English countryside, its head in the lens-flared glare of a dreamy tragi-romantic sky. 
good Mostly this is a triumph ... 
good Everything in this extraordinary evocation of island life is seasonal; these folk, their affections and fortunes, shift with the winds and tides. 
bad It's maybe not up there in the pantheon of British classics, but there's something highly relaxing and radical about the fact that Schlesinger articulates this classical story with breathy longeurs ... 
best Christie carries the film with her own insouciant vulnerability. A classic. 
best It has a kick that most other Hardy adaptations have conspicuously lacked. 
best Quality oozes from every pore, with John Schlesinger's direction complemented by Frederic Raphael's sharp script and a cast that includes Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Peter Finch and a dastardly Terence Stamp. 
good Helped by the shimmering photography of Nicolas Roeg and hindered by a straitjacket of a script by Frederic Raphael, this laudable, lengthy adaptation of Thomas Hardy's classic novel might have benefited from a less respectful treatment. 
bad The length gives room for Nicholas Roeg's outstanding cinematography, which delivers an authentically rustic English epic. 
best A perfect example of a film that captures the spirit of the source-material, whilst boldly exploiting and exploring the potential of the cinematic medium. 
best One of the most entrancing and elemental landscape films ever shot in these isles. 
fair This is a predictable story that Schlesinger struggles to keep fresh and moving. 
very_bad A stunning-looking Julie Christie running about Thomas Hardy's countryside is the major excuse for John Schlesinger's under-dramatized picture postcard. 
good Alan Bates, in a change of pace, is the loyal shepherd. Terence Stamp is a suitably vile Sgt. Troy, and Peter Finch makes Boldwood strong and honorable in his love for Bathsheba. 
very_bad Rent the first one again. 
very_bad It is not easy to get a movie made, and even harder to make one for young audiences. If you're going to the effort, why not make a smart one? 
very_good Everything I wanted in a Matrix sequel 
very_bad Not one of the worst sequels that has ever been put in movie theaters, and not one of the most disappointing... but, is it ever a grind. 
good Electrifying but still violent 2nd in trilogy. 
fair The encoded bloom is off the digital rose in The Matrix Reloaded. [Blu-ray] 
good Offers some phenomenal action sequences that more than deliver on the jaw-dropping promise shown on the trailers. 
bad Between the money scenes, we get characters standing at attention and burping prophecies and deep thoughts at each other. 
good ...less a narrative than an advertisement for a cultural wave. It's all about discount Zen and black clothes, the commodification of sterile violence as Kabuki. 
fair As a movie, its pacing is off, its characters are thin and its plot is...well, questionable at best. But as a science-fiction phenomenon, it is art. 
good The Matrix Reloaded -- not unlike its predecessor -- might be hard to swallow, but it's so delicious you just can't help but want more. 
best Now if I can just make it until November to see how those loose ends tie up... 
terrible Tremendously bad. 
fair Entertaining enough to make it worth the price of a movie ticket. 
very_good Trying to describe it is futile. Just go see it. 
bad 'What made the first film so satisfying -- the detailed creepiness of human enslavement by technology -- is barely touched on here.' 
good I can't wait to see what the Wachowski's have in store. 
fair Sure to entertain, philosophize, and leave you hanging for the final chapter. 
good Reloaded can't match the initial thrill sensation in the first. What it does do is expound on the original with considerable style and move the story forward. 
very_good ... It is a satisfying continuation of the epic story begun in The Matrix and sets the stage for what should be a grand finale... 
good [D]azzling special effects, lots of action, and some mind bending philosophizing. 
very_good In an attempt to turn The Matrix into a state-of-the-art trilogy, The Wachowski Bros. have posed new questions that viewers hope will be answered in the final chapter. 
bad Don't even try to figure any of it out. Just look, listen, and enjoy. 
good . 
bad The Matrix franchise, founded on a stylish sense of cool, has suddenly reinvented itself in the nerdy image of Star Wars. 
good A smart and entertaining film that, if it doesn't work the same magic as its predecessor, still makes us believe in the power of choice to change the world. 
bad Maybe it's way-too-high expectations and sequel lowliness to X2 but The Matrix Reloaded -- with all those lame Superman flights -- is an unthreatening misfire compared to the first 
good ...impressed the hell out of me?and that?s coming from a critic who?s very hard to please. 
fair While The Matrix Reloaded certainly held my attention, it doesn't have my heart. 
fair The technical talent is there: the problem is the script, which never once pauses to consider its own essential silliness. 
best There are levels on which it works, and levels on which it doesn't, but all of them hold our attention. 
fair 'Simplemente es una mediana cinta de accion que quiza encuentre su lugar cuando llegue la parte final de la historia.' 
bad Andy and Larry Wachowski's eagerly awaited sequel comprises equal parts style and stupidity. 
very_good The Matrix Reloaded is the same genius material, only this time with a small handful of flaws. 
terrible We hear so much that Neo is "The One" the "Oracle" spoke of in "The Prophecy" that I began to think his midiclorines predisposed him to The Force. 
good An unqualified triumph for the many artisans who brought to life some of the most audacious and astonishing action sequences you are likely to see for a decade. 
bad It highlighted the main problem with the first film and exacerbated it: the Wachowskis are not profound, although they want to be. 
good Caso continue a caminhar na direcao sugerida por esta segunda parte, Matrix Revolutions confirmara o potencial desta trilogia em se firmar como um dos projetos mais ambiciosos de ficcao cientifica que o Cinema ja produziu. 
good It all adds up to 138 minutes of very high-quality entertainment: and it's not often the time whizzes by as entertainingly as this. 
fair For all its technological brilliance, the brothers' script undercuts the illusion, as the dialogue sounds as if it should be delivered comic book-style, in balloons over the actors' heads. 
very_bad Bloated, pretentious, confusing and occasionally downright annoying. 
good The questions raised by the film about the nature of reality and the extent of control available to those who can manipulate it are truly frightening if you give them enough thought, which is what makes this film and its predecessor surprisingly unique. 
best To simply say the "Matrix Reloaded" is better than the first is too easy. 
good I hope it's intentionally funny, especially the Busby Berkeley fight with Weaving, who I wished would don one of his Priscilla costumes and start lip-synching Abba. 
bad The low point occurs when the unwashed masses of Zion celebrate Neo's return with what appears to be the previously unknown Dirty Dancing rave sequence from 'One Million Years B.C.' 
very_good Cool, smart fun that lives up to its predecessor, with only a couple of slow spots. 
fair . I watched The Matrix to freshen up on all that coolness the night before seeing Reloaded. I would still watch it again over this. . 
fair Highly pretentious and overly serious yet a feast for the eyes with groundbreaking effects and action sequences. 
bad There's only so much Rubik's Cubism a film can handle, and Reloaded is awash in sci-fi and religious overtones that continually bog down the film's forward motion. 
best The film is so intellectually complex, so stimulating, that multiple viewings are required -- perhaps a calculated move on the Wachowskis' part for one of the most anticipated films of the year, if not the era. 
good I'm pleased to report [the Brothers Wachowski] pulled it off. And the testicular fortitude required to pull off the film I've just seen boggles the mind. 
terrible The Matrix Reloaded makes the deathly mistake of believing that it's hype is actually mythology and buys into this whole-heartedly. The result is a dull, slow-moving piece of pretention. 
bad Instead of developing a story that you can get involved in, the filmmakers simply obsess over the minutia of their own creation. 
fair A film that escalates its ability to astonish viewers with its technological achievements. 
bad Viewing The Matrix Reloaded is like being eaten alive slowly by a machine. Some machine parts are impressive and you can slip into a sort of trance as you are noshed. 
good Early in the movie, Morpheus warns a new character that he's got to have faith. All things considered, The Matrix Reloaded justifies that faith. 
bad The plot is interesting and there is almost enough to make a fascinating 20 minute short. Unfortunately, the film is well over two hours. 
bad There are a lot of images we are seeing on the screen for the first time, some quite impressive. 
fair Hopefully November's release of 'Revolutions' will reveal a clarity of purpose and a satisfying end to the saga. In mid-May, I can only go by what I see on the screen. And it's a muddled, overreaching, occasionally engrossing mess. 
bad Smart, sexy, and action-rammed. 
good In this first Matrix sequel, you'll see things you've never seen before on a movie screen, and that's all that matters. 
bad So let's cut to the chase. Is the second Matrix movie worth the wait? Not quite. 
fair All the philosophical/metaphysical rambling doesn't alter the fact that this latest Matrix is a visual movie, pure and simple. 
very_good ... crafted with a careful hand... repeat viewings may be necessary to take it all in (darn the luck, huh?) There's plenty of possibilities to ponder after the credits roll 
good ...visually vigorous and devoutly exhilarating...a frenetic fable that's thankfully rousing and robust...undeniably rapid, exotic, and marvelous in its impressive viewing. 
fair While it's good enough and even great at times, it just doesn't click the way the original did even though it's larger in scope. 
good The Matrix Reloaded is better than the original. 
very_good Pretty damn spectacular! Still smart, still amazing, still innovative and it contains one of the greatest chase scenes ever filmed. Sci-fi fans, philosophy majors and action movie buffs have every reason to be happy. 
very_bad Your brain will likely feel sucker-punched by the end of this obtuse ****storm, which falls flat faster than you can say Attack of the Clones. 
very_good The Matrix Reloaded is a real kick the second time around. 
best When it comes to visuals, The Matrix Reloaded doesn't disappoint; in fact, the movie is probably the most realistic looking special effects feature ever made. 
fair It's the technical wizardry that keeps "The Matrix Reloaded" going at all, which should not be the case. 
good A worthy sequel. 
very_good The world created so vividly by the Wachowskis is still brand new but not nearly so intimidating or alienating. 
fair Judged strictly by the story line, this one plays like what it is, a rather meandering second act that advances the plot only slightly and doesn't pretend to be a complete or self-sufficient film. 
good At times, the action here seems a little too choreographed for its own good. But admittedly, that's a minor thing, considering how stunning some of it is. 
good A kinetic, digital feat. 
good MATRIX RELOADED is like a gorgeous but flawed woman. She looks great, and the sex is phenomenal, so you overlook the fact that a lot of what she says is just so much pretentious drivel. 
good One dazzling (if overlong) bridge. 
fair The action is fun to watch but it doesn't get the old heart pumping which pretty much sums up The Matrix Reloaded. 
bad The good news is that the excitement and special effects are amazing once again. 
very_good This sequel is not just reloaded, it is an entirely new arsenal. 
fair Be prepared to feel let down whenever the action lets up. 
very_good It's safe to say that anyone buying a ticket to the film purely to see more crazy-cool, high-wire kung fu and learn how the Wachowskis and visual-effects supervisor John Gaeta top the 'bullet-time' effect will come away from Reloaded smiling. 
fair Ultimately like a long theme park ride. 
good Everything The Matrix was and more. That is [its] strength and [its] failing. 
fair Like the martial arts movies it draws on, Reloaded uses plot points as excuses to move from one piece of fight choreography to the next. 
bad The Matrix Reloaded is no better or worse than its predecessor, improving upon certain aspects (the characters and action scenes) while lacking some of the stronger elements of the first film (the overall imagination and ingenuity). 
best We're in glorious new territory here. 
very_good The Wachowskis cleverly fiddle with their formula, pulling back each curtain only to show us another curtain. 
good Walks the line between "impossible to take seriously" and "impossibly, seriously fun" 
fair This movie can be watched and appreciated on many levels - but the bottom line is the movie is really a hyper-realistic, 2 1/2 hour, 160 million dollar trailer for The Matrix Revolutions. That being said, it's a pretty darn cool trailer. 
good Sci-fi epic is broader, brisker and -- for better and for worse -- about what you'd expect from part two of a trilogy. 
good If there's one thing The Matrix Reloaded fortifies, it's that the Wachowski brothers are born filmmakers through and through. 
best If The Matrix is considered one of the best sci-fi movies ever made, then The Matrix Reloaded is a pretty damn excellent sequel to one of the best sci-fi movies ever made...and that's good enough for me. 
bad Viewers are likely to be amazed by what occurs, but will then realize that they've witnessed style over substance. 
good This picture never accumulates the sense of shared adventure that the first one did, and though the special effects are even better than before, they cannot be new twice. 
good This is probably the film that devotees had hoped for, but it will certainly flummox bystanders sucked into the multiplex by the hype. 
good Once the action gets started - and unfortunately that takes a while - Reloaded is nearly as invigorating as the original. 
best "Matrix Reloaded" is a smart, exotic, erotic, intriguing action film; a superhero sci-fi film for adults. 
good Reloaded seems less tired than X2. 
bad More comic book-like and less intriguing than the original, the film's punch-drunk cyber-mysticism still has a darkly seductive allure that sets it apart from juvenile, Star Wars-style space opera. 
very_bad While it is both naive and unfair to expect lightning to strike terrain this fertile twice, the most distressing thing about the reloading of The Matrix is just how much it feels like The Phantom Menace. 
good The eye-popping special effects in The Matrix Reloaded -- possibly the coolest, boldest and most fluid ever put on screen -- should please even jaded moviegoers. 
fair More special effects. More fight sequences. More chases. More stunts. More neo-philosophical babble. But more, in this case, adds up to less. 
good Reloaded piles on much more fighting and firepower but lacks the impact of the original. 
good Eyes will pop, nerves will jangle, thoughts will be provoked and other summer blockbusters will shrink in comparison. But to quote from one of the few cultural touchstones not referenced in this film: 'Houston, we've got a problem.' 
good By itself, The Matrix Reloaded is deeply flawed, but ultimately entertaining. 
good While I enjoyed it immensely, Reloaded didn't upgrade my system like the first one did. 
bad Dark, with jaw-dropping effects, stunning action beats and a chase to end all chases, The Matrix Reloaded is a movie-going dare. 
fair Much-anticipated sequel to The Matrix is both phenomenally talky and loaded with action and effects. How can this be? It's long. 
fair The martial arts sequences are breathtakingly staged. 
good While it's exhilarating fun, as an overall piece of storytelling, this reboot never really hits the heights of the ultra-cool The Matrix, which re-invented the rules for sci-fi epics in 1999. 
very_good For sheer exhilarating spectacle, The Matrix Reloaded is the film to beat this year. 
fair As a piece of razzle-dazzle, shut-your-mouth -and-slap -you-silly eye candy, Reloaded more than delivers. But where's the head candy? Where's the complexity? Where are the goods? 
good A pretty good amusement park ride. 
good On balance, The Matrix Reloaded does an admirable job of filling the niche it's supposed to -- that of an action-oriented science fiction adventure. 
fair Une suite a mi-chemin entre deception et reussite. 
good Reloaded might not have the power to change the way you see the world, but it just may change the way you look at movies. 
very_good Everyone's expectations are through the roof for this one, and for the most part, it delivers. 
fair Eye-popping sci-fi. 
bad For such a rich visual movie, Reloaded tells far more than it shows. 
very_good In the immortal words of Neo: 'Woah.' 
very_good An immensely skillful sci-fi adventure. 
good The thrill isn't gone from the sequel, but the surprise is, and it hurts more than you'd think. 
very_good Visually slick, action-packed. 
bad The Wachowski brothers likely wanted to provide their film with that greater 'meaning', but did they have to make great stretches of it boring as well? 
fair A ping-pong battle between slowly-spoken philosophical mumbo-jumbo and some truly explosive action cinema. 
very_good If the level of great admirer falls somewhere under the blinding enthusiasm of the 'Wachowskis are visionaries' clan, then color me a member. But even the clinical system of the Matrix has some bugs to repair from time to time. 
bad To label the film as a 'bad' movie would be too harsh. It's not a bad movie. 'Earth-Shattering disappointment of monumental proportions' more accurately fits the bill. 
good Either do it right and deepen an already rich storyline, or give in and make an unabashed action movie. Fortunately, even with its many flaws, The Matrix Reloaded succeeds admirably as the latter. 
very_bad Simply not as satisfying as the original. 
bad One incredibly cool...kung-fu melee; one jaw-dropping, 100-mph, against-traffic freeway chase; and way, way too much pseudo-philosophical yappity- yappity-yap. 
fair The Matrix Reloaded may have it's problems, but it certainly isn't a bad film. It suffers from many of the same problems of other 'great' film sequels 
good There's virtually no one in Zion over the age of 30 except for esteemed character actor Anthony Zerbe, and he's so far past 30 he couldn't find his way back if 30 left a trail of Scotch Highballs. 
fair It only takes about 45 seconds for it to grab you by the throat and slap you across the face. 
good A passionate, over-powered and mostly unfathomable upgrade of 1999's groundbreaking, breathtaking and equally cryptic original. 
good Be prepared for sensory overload when you enter the world of eccentric auteurs Andy and Larry Wachowski. 
good might be hard to swallow but it's so delicious you just can't help but want more. Not unlike one of those gobstoppers you can find in any candy store - Hard to chew, nice to endure, if you will. 
bad The effects here are dazzling, there is no other word for it. . . but when it comes to serious food for thought, this is just an appetizer compared to the first film 
good The action knocks your socks off even when the movie itself is technically playing it safe. 
fair So magnificently punch-drunk on its own sense of the messianic that it's possible to appreciate this great, sloppy, bloated beast as something of a masterpiece of high camp. 
very_good The Wachowski Brothers, with their vision of this mysterious future world and a new era of cinema, have kicked off 2003's blockbuster summer with a ten-megaton explosion. 
very_good The X-Men series is just candy for kids compared to The Matrix trilogy, a sci-fi series for grown-ups. 
fair For those who go in knowing, at heart, it's just a Joel Silver-produced sci-fi film with some presumptions, it'll be fine. 
very_good Digital freedom from physical laws unleashes all manner of chase dynamics, exhilarating to the max... an action choreographer's dreamstate. 
very_bad Philosophically inconsequential, but at least submit to the film's sure-to-be-classic highway sequence, cheesy techno music and all. 
bad There's no doubt that the Wachowski Brothers have a vision, but where they once seemed inspired, now it feels like they're just showing off. 
very_good Whether you get 20% or 100% of the intellectualizing, & even if there's no sense in fighting software with military hardware & Kung Fu; it's simply a marvel to watch. 
bad The action throughout Running Scared is involving and fast-paced enough that you don't notice the number of cliches being invoked in this film. 
good A well-acted piece that should appeal to anyone who enjoys the films of Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez. 
good An example of a film I recommend just because it tickled my undercarriage. 
bad A montagem eficiente, com transicoes intrigantes, confere ritmo ao filme, que tambem se beneficia com a atuacao surpreendentemente intensa de Walker. Pena que o roteiro seja tao implausivel e o final, tao absurdamente ridiculo. 
bad Stylish, rollicking post-Tarantino trash which does the business at such a pace you barely notice its preposterousness. 
bad Ultimately, it is a serviceable, well-made thriller that earns its R rating. 
terrible This is a vile, violent film with no raison d'etre. 
very_bad No one in their right minds could call this a good film, but it's certainly unique. 
fair If you love over-stylized gunshots and action sequences, Running Scared is likely to be one big ol' kinetic romp of bloody fun that'll have you pulling out the Kleenex and appreciating all over the place. 
terrible We haven't even mentioned the hockey puck torture scene, or the relentless ricochetting camerawork, or the multiple last minute switcheroos -- it's got more endings than Lord Of The Rings. 
very_bad If you've ever wanted to see Paul Walker get repeatedly smashed in the teeth with a hockey puck then this is the movie for you. 
terrible The film's moral compass swings wildly out of control, blanketed in all manner of hyper-violent digital gore effects and a thick, black nausea of the soul. It's not even fun watching the monsters get their just deserts; it's just depressing. 
bad Where Running Scared is concerned I'm a victim who has decided, maybe unwisely, not to press charges. 
bad Trying for a Tarantino-like riff on ultra-violence and over-the-top police corruption ... 'Running Scared' is a film noir on steroids. 
very_bad The movie doesn't so much wallow in the abhorrent side of humanity as it showers, bathes, and dresses in it before heading off to work at MTV. 
terrible Run away ... Just when you think Hollywood can't get any worse in an era of Bad Boys and Scream, it constantly surprises you with even more putrid product. 
very_bad Clumsily overwritten, straining badly to be a complex thriller but only generating small moments of believability. 
good Wildly stylized and endlessly inventive, Running Scared doesn't go over the top -- it blows the top off and proceeds to dance in the rubble. 
very_bad If Running Scared is supposed to be a satire, it's not funny enough to work. If it's meant to be taken seriously, then it's the most unintentionally funny movie of the past ten years. 
good Not since 'Very Bad Things' have I had this much fun with this kind of movie 
bad Running Scared is filled with plenty of blood-splattering violence, profanity, sexual perversions, and whatever other deviant behavior you can think of. What it doesn't have is any cohesiveness or finesse. 
fair Running Scared doesn't always work. All the same, it keeps up a nice pacing and throws in enough clever twists to keep the story interesting. 
very_good The action movie is the cheese sandwich of film genres, but efforts like 'Running Scared' remind us all too rarely that they don't have to be Kraft Singles on Wonder Bread. 
good Hello, cheesy fun! [It's] a roller coaster of a thrill ride. 
bad This film is so over the top at times that it takes one's breath away. 
terrible Running Scared keeps ratcheting up the intensity, but to what end? 
bad Ethnic stereotyping, moral qualms and plot improbabilities aside, you just wish a movie like Running Scared wasn't so anxious to be exciting all the time: It gets so monotonous. 
very_bad The only things more abundant than gunshot-riddled corpses are the ridiculous plot twists and the laughably bad lines of dialog...it's likely to be the most fun at a bad movie you'll have for a while. 
terrible There's clearly supposed to be tension between Joey's good and bad sides. Sure, he's a mobster, but he's also a family man, which makes him... gray. (Not black and white = very sophisticated.) 
very_bad [Director Wayne] Kramer, who showed such promise as a filmmaker with The Cooler, takes a couple of giant steps backward with Running Scared. 
very_bad In the opening minutes of Running Scared, a drug deal goes bad and takes the entire movie with it. 
good It's way too violent and perversely excessive for many tastes, but there's more to its outrages than meets the eye, and that second look is well worth taking. 
terrible There is a child at the center of this ultraviolent story, and the devices used to keep us on tenterhooks regarding his survival are appallingly manipulative. 
best Running Scared is for people who like movies, who don't need to have a movie mean something in order to enjoy it and who can delight at the sheer craft of a story designed only to shock, amuse and hold an audience. 
fair For a moment, it appears as if Running Scared has developed into a different, better movie. But subsequent gratuitously violent scenes hint at a determination by Kramer to keep his film at low-grade exploitation level. 
bad It's hard to believe that this mess was made by the same man who made The Cooler. 
bad It's borderline irresponsible, a virtual horror movie of a gangster thriller. 
very_bad Kramer seems to be aping Quentin Tarantino's brilliant tangents in Pulp Fiction, but he doesn't have Tarantino's imagination or gift for dialogue. 
very_bad This overlong fantasy of urban violence is so far over the top -- you might as well be watching a computer monitor while somebody else has a high time playing the video game Grand Theft Auto. 
good Running Scared is a vicious and brutal B-movie jacked up to hysterical, hallucinatory proportions -- a pulpy, violent action picture that torments the viewer as much as its characters, and I mean that as a compliment. 
terrible With a herky-jerky visual style and a plot riddled with bullet holes, Running Scared is a brutal, misanthropic and downright nasty excuse for bang-bang entertainment. 
terrible As the movie becomes more howlingly ludicrous by the second, it's tempting -- and not in a cynical way, either -- to start reading it as a parody of pornographic video game violence. 
terrible Kramer's grating bombast exists only to call attention to itself as well as the complete absence of any moral implications or recognizable human behavior in the film. 
fair The script is so stupid that at times you'll want to roll your eyes in the dark; you won't, though, because you might miss some of the action. 
very_bad But even beyond its sleazy pandering and sensationalism, the film's worst transgression is its exploitation of young children. 
terrible ...an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment. 
terrible You could laugh off the film's more over-the-top aspects -- including the performances and its quasi-Quentin Tarantino dialogue -- if it didn't treat women and children with such brutality and contempt. 
terrible Running Scared is about as hard an "R" rating as you can get, with buckets of blood, full- frontal nudity and swearing that would peel gum from the sidewalk. 
fair Running Scared will be reviled by those who deplore violence and adored by those who like their movies brutally edgy. 
terrible Running Scared will probably play best in prisons, where lowlifes, applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood, will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level. 
terrible A depressing piece of gun-crazy Hollywood scuzz that, with its gassy style and runaway immorality, makes a Tony Scott movie look like a Robert Bresson picture. 
very_bad Too bloated with its own seriousness to achieve the 'so sick, it's funny' vibe of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. 
bad Includes scenes that are laughable [gunfight in a 10x10 room] and one that features Vera Farmiga that will go down in history as a classic/fan favorite. 
good For a picture so fetishistically obsessed with death, Running Scared is vibrantly alive. 
bad Impossible to adequately summarize, alienating at every tonal turn, off the rails with every storytelling and aesthetic choice, Running Scared is ambitious to a fault. 
fair Running Scared is an overly ambitious guilty pleasure with enough action and violence to keep you interested, it just doesn't have much else. 
very_bad This is a movie with yards and yards of plot, but none of it that makes much sense nor that you'll think about afterwards. Instead what you'll remember is the blood. 
very_good Running Scared doesn't go over the top - it refuses to even acknowledge that there is a top.. it's like if Tarantino directed The Warriors 
very_bad Tthe gimmicks can't hold up a weak, implausible plot that substitutes violence and gore for a smart story and believable characters. 
fair I see Running Scared as a slick, sick, and sly satire of all the action flick conventions, but maybe I'm just nuts. 
fair I can't believe I am saying this, but Paul Walker doesn't stink in Running Scared. In fact, Running Scared is a decent guys night out movie. 
terrible A vile disaster. 
fair Kramer stokes kinetic energy and hard-R intensity...may amount to no more than a punch to the gut, but...it's all in bad fun. 
bad Could have been a good exploitation flick if it didn't get carried away with piling on the plot twists. 
bad genuinely clunky 
very_bad A potential howler done in by a tendency to wear too much body tissue on its sleeve. 
bad In the gleefully violent Running Scared, the writer and director Wayne Kramer tries to go over the rainbow and put a self-consciously bloody spin on once upon a time. 
good With a complex plot that unspools with surprising clarity, Running Scared displays a reckless intensity. 
good Running Scared goes so far over the top, it circumnavigates the top and doubles back on itself; it's the Mobius Strip of over-the-topness. I am in awe. 
good If Running Scared sometimes looks like a storyboard sprung violently to life, Kramer's assured direction turns that into its greatest strength in the clinches, of which there are plenty. 
bad It's like a gruesome merry-go-round filled with unpleasant characters and bad acting. 
good Luciano Pavarotti's eyebrows during the Olympic opening ceremonies were disturbing. Multiply that by about 1,000, and you have the creep-out factor in the gory Running Scared. 
bad If it's possible to admire his movie's heedless energy, it's also possible to hate its guts. 
terrible This is the kind of movie where character development consists of a guy mentioning in passing he has a meth lab in his back yard. 
bad If Running Scared were set in Hell (the actual place, rather than a figure of speech), perhaps it would have been easier to swallow. 
good A spinning-plates movie that only makes a shattered-glass mess in its finale with one twist for each character left standing. Otherwise, this empty-calorie eye-candy cartoon is an ultraviolent, boot-on-throat thiller with style and humor. 
terrible The aesthetically derivative Kramer takes a misguided turn into Tony Scott territory with his latest. 
fair A kinetic guilty pleasure. 
very_bad While it would be too much to ask for a movie about Holocaust survivors to actually be happy, Krabbe is way too heavyhanded in trying for a tragic atmosphere 
bad What they say is something all of us should take to heart, regardless of that number we refer to as our age. 
good A bittersweet documentary that follows three gay men in different parts of the country who feel time and change breathing down their necks. 
bad These men have lived through a lot, and their continued vivacity is what makes the film around them a rich experience. 
very_bad At times it just seems like people you know hamming it up for the camera. 
bad ...a calm and straightforward documentary [that] looks at the lives of three gay men in their sunset years. 
fair Zurich-born Stefan Haupt, however, interrupts his rapturous tour of this basilica with lackluster interviews. 
good A sometimes pedantic, mostly fascinating documentary about Barcelona's towering cathedral, La Sagrada Familia, which was conceived by Antoni Gaudi in the late 19th century. 
terrible The only mystery here is why, even for architecture geeks, this documentary is duller than watching stucco dry. 
very_bad Sagrada plays like a video you might buy at the cathedral gift shop that outlines the history of the project. 
very_good Horn dives into one of the most complex character's I've seen created for a child and shakes loose. 
very_good Eric Roth's nimble screenplay and composer Alexandre Desplat's delicate score also help solidify "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" as one of the best movies movies of 2011 
very_bad Oskar expounds to excess, a problem that becomes worse as time drags on and is particularly excruciating during the one-way verbal dialogues with Von Sydow 
terrible An irritating 130-minute dripathon. 
terrible This adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's 9/11 novel is long, shallow and unconcealed in its efforts to make you cry. 
terrible Probably one of the most exploitative and heavy handed films concerning 9/11 I've ever seen. 
good It is the best of the 9 films nominated for the Best Picture Oscar. 
very_good ...there's nothing very special about Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, other than the remarkable Max von Sydow and a preternaturally alert performance by young Thomas Horn 
bad ...threatens to make the momentous trite. 
good The mysteries aren't that mysterious and some may have a hard time embracing its abrasive hero. 
bad When it was finally over, I found myself not just disappointed, but a little annoyed. Frankly, it seems more than a little like a cheat. 
very_bad Es uno de esos raros ejemplos en que el original literario es visualmente mucho mas rico que su version cinematografica. Lo mejor es su protagonista, el increible Thomas Horn. 
fair Despite indulgences it works well because there is a really nice message that lies at the heart of the film. When our energies are all directed towards good, amazing things can happen. 
bad I knew after I came out of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close that I had been manipulated, but I didn't feel it mattered because the film told a story about a grieving family which had weight. 
good I can see why some might find the film sickly or overly sentimental, even a little forced, but it worked well enough on me to have me wiping away a few tears. 
very_bad Its louder is better approach is just too much. The tantrums, the tears, the bloody tambourine the main character shakes at every given moment. It all culminates into a dizzying mesh of over the top sentiment. 
bad Veering from Amelie-esque whimsy to The Hours-like maudlin. 
good It's the metaphor which is important here. The dawning realisation that searching for something might be more important than what you do or do not discover. 
bad Thomas Horn ... carrying a myriad emotions on very young and capable shoulders, regardless of obvious irritable character traits. 
terrible The situation is wrenching in too many ways at once. You sit there, first cringing, then fighting back, out of primitive self-respect. 
very_bad Just rather dull and a little bit long. 
bad It is a heartfelt, heartwarmer of a film that lacks the pain and profundity that the subject matter really deserves. 
terrible So slow and self-important that its Academy Award Best Picture nomination only proves that the shortlist is too long... 
bad Fascinating despite itself. Which every way you fall, this will provoke a strong reaction. 
terrible [An] intensely self-conscious movie that contrives to make the human cost and human meaning of 9/11 distant and faint. 
terrible You rather end up wishing Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close would just pipe down and back off. 
good For anyone who understands the unfairness of grief it's a rare chance to let your guard down and go with an emotional flow... 
bad A mixed bag of intelligent tragedy and poor choices, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close has the ability to tug at the heart strings - it just gets them a bit tangled. 
bad Although running the risk of slipping into mawkish melodrama by the end, this still has the power to move. 
very_bad Shamelessly manipulative, prone to mawkish sentimentality and let down by an ending that fails to ring true and feels like a cop-out. 
very_bad Less a film about communication, in the end, than one with its fingers in its ears. 
very_bad It's challenging, divisive and has moments of beauty but leaves you cold. 
very_good s it a movie about loss? Definitely. Is it a movie about 9/11? Sort of. Will you reach a for a tissue while you watch "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?" Probably. 
very_bad continues Daldry's trajectory of increasingly indigestible pretension, although he exchanges earnest morbidity for a mixture of cloying sentimentality and offbeat humor 
bad It might not be quite as insulting a Best Picture nominee as The Blind Side, but it's incredibly close. 
bad An important and touching reminder that so many are still dealing with their loss. 
terrible Extremely tacky and incredibly unimaginative! 
very_bad As directed by Stephen Daldry, this adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's novel hauls out memories and images from 9/11 in an attempt to create fake sentiment and to accentuate its own sense of self-importance. Quite frankly, I found that offensive. 
very_bad Too emotionally bullying and manipulative to feel like anything other than an endurance test. 
bad Extremely long (or so it seemed) and incredibly bland. 
very_bad ...Oskar remains hopelessly unsympathetic virtually from start to finish. 
fair It is at times extremely touching and incredibly moving. Unfortunately, at other times, it also is fairly flawed and slightly disappointing. 
bad From its wordy title to the impressive vocabulary and compulsive list-making of its possibly autistic young narrator hero, this is a motion picture that never liberates itself from the printed page. 
bad Moving, if heavy-handed, it's an emotional walkabout with real heart. 
bad The Guys, 25th Hour and United 93 paid tribute to the heroes of that fateful day; this picture mainly pays tribute to its ability to pat itself on the back. 
terrible When people jumped from the burning towers of the World Trade Center, no pretty piano music accompanied their fall. 
very_bad Horn's nonstop barrage of words fits the character, but he's supposed to be filled with terror and anxiety and it just comes across as overly confident. Some of the most crucial emotional scenes suffer. 
very_good Perhaps just being about 9/11 is this movie's greatest sin, as it is as well-made and well-acted as any film you'll see this year. 
best ...the cure for Oskar's severe case of shell-shock, in Eric Roth's adaptation of the novel by Jonathan Safran Foer, seems artificial and contrived to me. 
bad Except as a tool for pediatric grief counseling, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close amounts to a fetishization of its own trappings (the boy, NYC, 9/11) more interested in Oscar than Oskar. 
fair More irritating than touching, healing or any of the positive things one would guess such a story and cast would produce. 
bad Somewhere in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close there probably is a great movie. It just didn't get made. 
very_good If you care to join him on that adventure, you'll likely find it incredibly affecting, a multi-hankie story, expertly made. If you don't? You'll resist the film's manipulations (and don't all films manipulate?), perhaps quite vocally. 
bad Yes, Daldry extracts a few tears in the process, but the increasing number of precious touches leaves you feeling pandered to and clumsily manipulated. 
good Thomas Horn makes the film! The emotion he manages to evoke in a single scene is brilliant. He captivated me and had me living with him through the emotions. 
bad As a portrait of what happens to a family when its glue disappears, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close wrung a bucket of tears out of me. 
very_good If imagining a city where people open their doors (or don't) to a boy with a key and a ton of questions is sentimental ... then it is vitally, beautifully so. 
terrible Stephen Daldry's extremely labored and incredibly crass adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's novel. 
best One of the most emotional movies you will ever see in your life. 
good "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" is grim, but also uplifting as it defines how finally coming to grips with the inexplicable can be cathartic and how, though the person is gone, the memories always live on. 
best The first great film of 2012! 
terrible Extremely Loud and Ridiculous 
terrible I kept waiting for the disembodied voice of Paul Harvey to emerge on the soundtrack to announce "And that little boy. . .that nobody liked. . .grew up. . .to become. . .Wes Anderson. . ." 
fair Some will find this 9/11-themed family drama powerful and imaginative; others, cloying and infuriating. The reality lies somewhere in the middle. 
bad The difficulty is mainly with the story, which despite all the emotion hovering around it, remains thin and uninvolving. 
good It's a genuinely moving and often lovely piece of work - beautifully acted and, ultimately, earning its tears. 
fair This is a story invented to exist in a book, and you can feel it resisting the jump to screen. 
good The movie forgoes Foer's ambitious tweeness and presents Oskar's outbursts and moodiness - that precociousness - as a disorder. 
good Not for moviegoers who hold that heartstring-plucking is a betrayal of the contract between director and audience. 
fair Innocent Oskar and his isn't-life-wondrous adventures left me disappointed, depressed and somewhat irritated. 
fair Terribly uneven, moving in places but very frustrating in others. 
fair Whenever the film totters toward sentimentality, young Horn snatches it back. 
very_good It's extremely moving and incredibly compassionate. 
fair The youth's pain is palpable, and the film will stir viewers still wounded by that day and those who have suffered loss in general. 
bad "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" is supposed to promote healing, but as they say in New York: close, but no cigar. 
very_good This movie hasn't been in the conversation of the best films of the year, but it deserves to be. It's a viscerally enthralling story about a singular boy trying to find his place in the world when his only anchor is ripped away. 
fair The only Stephen Daldry film I've seen that I don't expect to feel the need to revisit. 
very_bad Tom Hanks, Sandra Bullock ... Max von Sydow, Zoe Caldwell, Viola Davis, Jeffrey Wright, John Goodman... thanks for your honest efforts in the service of a fundamentally dishonest weepie. 
fair No movie has ever been able to provide a catharsis for the Holocaust, and I suspect none will ever be able to provide one for 9/11. 
terrible It's all extraordinarily sentimental and manipulative, weighed down by Horn's mannered, grating performance and incessant voiceover narration. 
terrible You need lots of gifted people chasing after the same bad idea to make a movie as colossally misguided as this one. 
fair Luckily, Horn is so good -- as is Max von Sydow, in a wordless role -- that the film resonates in spite of the tear-jerking strings Daldry pulls. 
terrible Too soon? For Stephen Daldry's 9/11 drama, the right time is "never." 
bad ...an uncomfortable combination of movie precociousness and real-world catastrophe. 
good Cue the Oscar nominations. 
fair With one exception, the quest is lumbering at best, and precious the rest of the time. 
good Horn delivers a star turn as Oskar, a child trying to make sense of a tragedy that still baffles us all. 
good Extraordinary and life-affirming, it packs a wrenching emotional wallop. 
bad Drama about child's 9/11 loss stirs up sadness. 
good It's not a masterpiece, mind you, and I'm not calling for any new Oscar nominations here, but it's worth seeing and might brighten up a wintry afternoon a bit. 
fair Solidly crafted, impeccably acted and self-important in the way that Oscar loves, 'Extremely Loud' is also incredibly close to exploitation. 
best ...this drama, under the skillful direction of Stephen Daldry, aims to do more than merely arouse our latent emotions. 
bad Despite flaws, there's something sweet and emotionally connective underneath the layers artificial posturing. 
bad It's a unique journey that's equal parts sympathy card and celebration of human resilience. 
bad Never has the tragedy of 9/11 been made so shrinky-dinked. 
bad The movie makes no argument for existing. 
fair A film filled with both sentiment and substance. 
terrible Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close approaches what I would call "9/11 porn" in the way it exploits tragedy to milk emotion. 
very_good The movie successfully reflects turmoil, looking at the world from the specific standpoint of a child who's ill-equipped to comprehend it, trying to survive as best he can. 
bad Why, oh why, besides the pursuit of Academy Awards, must this sort of thing be released on Christmas Day? Who wants a gift-wrapped box full of sadness? 
bad Slightly Sappy & Annoyingly Whimsical, a movie which confronts the unspeakable and emerges merely unreal. 
terrible It's Oscar-mongering of the most blunt and reprehensible sort. 
terrible Stephen Daldry abandons every lick of restraint in his efforts to play the audience like a syrup-greased harp. 
fair Stalwart and precious, independent-minded yet pat. The star is Thomas Horn, a first-time performer as expressive and truthful as today's best and longest-working actors. 
fair While flawed and sometimes overwrought, Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close's tale of the effect of 9/11 on a sensitive boy is worth seeing, particularly for its lead performance. 
very_bad While aiming to explore the riddle of grief, this particular story fails by listening to strange angels. 
terrible Hollywood loves tragedy, especially if they can exploit it, by leaving out the humanity and substituting star power and shtik. 
very_good A poignant and emotionally literate film about the wise stewardship of pain by a precocious teenager mourning the loss of his beloved father. 
very_bad Yes, you may cry, but when tears are milked as they are here, the truer response should be rage. 
very_good An emotionally powerful cinematic testimony about that horrific late summer day. 
good A flawed and often unforgiving film, this end of the year entry for professional prestige hits all the right notes. 
fair Maybe if it had manipulated me less, it would have moved me more. 
bad Horn makes an appealing hero. 
terrible It more resembles a spindly kid running around and screaming for two hours before a hastily applied Hollywood ending shuts him up. 
bad An earnest puddle of slop. 
very_good It's an emotional powerhouse of a film, an unforgettable and rewarding motion picture experience. 
good A very emotionally satisfying film, and something that manages to be life-affirming despite dealing with one of the more tragic events of our generation. 
bad A cloying exercise in sentimentality, the film also winds up extremely annoying, even infuriating. 
fair What makes Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close good is its sense of goodness. 
bad Has some nice moments but overall is a failure in its exploration of the subject matter and it feels more exploitative than entertaining. 
bad The movie creates a mood, builds some tension, then it totally fizzles out. The performances are inconsistent - they never reach the level of desperation you would expect. 
terrible The truth, unfortunately, is that the writing is flabby and tedious, and McInnes' delivery has little charisma or charm. The film is like being stuck in an elevator with a boorish drunk for an hour and a half. 
very_bad Completely disposable ... 
very_bad A film that fails to make the most of a good cast and a great premise. 
very_bad A bland and baffling oddity ... 
terrible The stars play strangers on an odd road trip who are meant to be finding things out about each other: if you were put next to either of them on a plane, you would quickly regret your seating assignment. 
terrible a far-fetched story, told in a rather unappealing way. 
very_bad Arthur Newman is overwhelmed with arty ambitions and a heavy-handed acting style. Ultimately, all the weight prevents the film from taking off and soaring. 
bad Obviously the theme of "Arthur Newman" is the American dream of starting over, but Johnston's screenplay hits it so obviously that it loses its resonance. 
fair A strange film about dysfunctional people directed with good pace by Dante Ariola in his feature film debut highlighted by fine performances by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt. 
bad An offbeat, sometimes self-congratulatory road movie romance. 
fair Firth and Blunt give life (and flawless American accents) to this restrained, and occasionally bland, road trip flick. 
bad Often-somber drama has language, sex, drinking. 
fair This is a decidedly minor effort, directed by Dante Ariola with a bland, generic eye, missing the pathos of interesting drama and the charm of quality romantic cinema. 
terrible One of those many indies that exist to give actors a chance to go slumming. 
bad Well-acted but ultimately unmemorable ... 
very_bad A slow, lethargic journey to nowhere, full of pseudo-profound dialogue and generic indie-drama plotting. 
bad If anything, Arthur Newman is a reminder that some lonely people are lonely for a good reason. 
fair Without a satisfying finale, Arthur Newman might come across as just an acting exercise. If so, it's still an impressive one. 
very_bad The film equivalent of a dysfunctional computer sloppily assembled from discarded parts of other machines. 
bad The promise it begins with doesn't pay off. And while "Arthur Newman" is not a complete disaster, it does leave you wishing the romance and the ride had been a whole lot smoother. 
bad How can two performers as charming as Colin Firth and Emily Blunt make a movie with so little charm? 
bad It's almost its own genre in indie films: Boring middle-aged man tired of his existence meets up with free-spirited but troubled younger woman. Romance and newfound meaning ensue. 
bad Rent "Something Wild" instead. It tells a similar story with style, humor and pathos. 
bad "He was kind of boring," Kevin says to Mina about his dad. "I mean, the lectures." And boring he remains. 
good OK, so hear me out. This movie is about Colin Firth having hot, dress-up sex with this drifter named Mike. 
bad The script of "Arthur Newman," written two decades ago by Becky Johnston, cries out for deadpan anonymity, not the charismatic likes of these two. 
bad Has two excellent actors on board and not a singular character who feels real as written. 
fair Throughout Dante Ariola's film, the expressions of the false-identity theme are multitudinous, and about as subtle as Wallace's choice for a new last name. 
bad The resolution for both characters, in a finale that turns disappointingly conventional, is so sad that it left me depressed beyond hope. 
good A wistful, well-acted run-away-to-find-yourself dramedy 
bad You'll soon wish the film were about someone a bit more exciting ... 
bad Road movie about two unhappy people who take on new identities only to find they still have to face their problems. 
bad The generic feel that's been hard-wired into virtually everything that transpires within Arthur Newman grows more and more disheartening as time progresses... 
terrible Ariola is trying maintain a tricky balance: we have to know Arthur's green-grey world to understand what he's trying to escape from. But unfortunately the man is the movie and movie is wearisome. 
terrible comes with all the silliness and sugar-coated pop fanaticism that is found in Rodriguez's lesser kids films 
terrible No matter how many dimensions you slap on the poster, there's no accounting for lazy workmanship. Can Robert Rodriguez please make Sin City 2 now? 
good Clever and strange, 'Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D' is a psychedelic action movie that will boggle and entertain the minds of adults and kids alike. If you like wordplay, you will like it all the more for the witty dialogue. 
fair Rodriguez reboots his eight-years-dormant franchise, with surprisingly entertaining and loosey-goosey results 
terrible A concatenation of scatological humor likely to keep only tiny tykes in stitches and howling away at a poop and fart jokes. 
very_bad ...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull. 
terrible Don't take your kids to see this. I never thought I would say this, but take them to see The Smurfs instead. It's a smurfload better than this pile of smurf. 
very_bad Now then, what of the movie? Well, it stands a better chance of getting up your nose than crummy old AromaScope, that's for sure. 
bad ... a shiny, complicated toy that's silly and doesn't really do anything, but is fun to play with. 
very_bad The presence of Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino is sorely missed. Then again, more power to them for staying away from a movie that would smell in any dimension. 
bad In Spy Kids 4, women are warriors and men freely cry about their fathers, and it's this inversion that made me love the movie a little bit extra. 
terrible A 3D film aimed mostly at children. 
very_bad Kids will be mildly amused by it. 
terrible The mind boggles before being lulled into a stupor of inanition by this latest instalment of Robert Rodriguez's increasingly cheap-looking franchise. 
very_bad Rodriguez directs the movie with his trademark kineticism, but a flimsy and uninventive script means there's little investment in the characters or their actions. 
very_bad A daft plot seemingly jacked from the most brainless of Saturday morning cartoons. 
terrible Rodriguez's family franchise about underage secret agents limps into its fourth installment with shiny CGI and frequent fart jokes to hold the attention spans of the underage and undemanding. 
very_bad Kids might enjoy the cheesy jokes, the shiny gadgets and the pooping dog but for adults it is snooze time all the way. 
very_bad Rodriguez's various family-geared movies - notably the "Spy Kids'' series - have been annoying creative clunkers, the one area where doing things his way has seemed like an iffy way. 
terrible An endless series of scatological jokes saps the charm out of nearly every scene, and there's little effort to create an interesting mystery at the movie's center. 
fair A pleasant time-waster kids will love with a pro-family togetherness message parents can appreciate... 
bad This fourth "Spy Kids" picture isn't so much bad as it is just boring, lacking the buzz and brio of even some of the earlier entries in the series. 
bad The rhythm is off, a predicament Rodriguez addresses with copious - nearly constant - excrement and evacuation humor, and sudden turns into wide-eyed sincerity. 
terrible Feels more like straight-to-DVD filler than a chapter in one of the last decade's most entertaining and sophisticated family-film franchises. 
very_bad Feels more like a cheap kids' TV series than an actual movie. 
bad Watchable, gadget-happy children's adventure that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction, some decent gags and Jessica Alba in a leather catsuit... 
fair So plain-faced and literal-minded in its juvenile pandering that it's hard to dismiss it as a mere cash-in. 
terrible Positive messages can't save worst film in action series. 
very_bad Rodriguez only needs the script to take us from one gimmick to the next, and his lack of attention to it shows. 
terrible a miserable excuse for underling entertainment 
bad It simply entertains at a basic level without leaving a lasting impression. 
bad Far more coherent than its immediate predecessor, Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D benefits greatly from its two likable young leads and some of the series' wittiest, pun-filled writing. 
very_bad Robert Rodriquez delivers another irritating Spy Kids movie, Spy Kids: All The Time In The World in 4D, with the redundant gimmick of scratch and sniff cards, designed to reveal on-screen aromas. Well, I didn't smell turkey. In fact, I smelt nothing. 
very_bad Rodriguez' first film was the celebrated low-budget El Mariachi. This one, a chaotic mess from start to finish, must be something like his nadir. 
fair Let's make things clear right now: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World is juvenile, rough around the edges, and frequently clumsy. And yet...and yet...the film is so likably innocuous and unsuspectingly wise that it works better than it should. 
very_bad A kids' flick that's big on eye candy but which has a plot even youngsters will find wearingly familiar. 
terrible Sadly it's all fart jokes and smart-alec preteens - the stuff that can make taking kids to the pictures a chore. 
terrible Robert Rodriguez's children's films are becoming terrific reasons to get sterilised. 
terrible Spy Kids - All the Time in the World is in four dimensions - the extra one being smell - and I hated the lot. 
very_bad This is a shoddy affair with anodyne first-timers Blanchard and Cook almost as annoying as Ricky Gervais's phoned-in voiceover of an animatronic terrier with a poop obsession. 
very_bad A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever. 
very_bad Hate to make the obvious snark, but sometimes "More" is less. 
terrible Another sequel that never should have been committed to celluloid. 
terrible Only Madsen walks away from Break with his reputation unscathed, and this is if only because he's already something of a B-movie kingpin. 
very_bad Break contains all the elements you'd expect from a hard-boiled Quentin Tarantino knockoff: the complicated hit men, the fetishes, the blood baths, not to mention the presence of Michael Madsen and David Carradine. 
bad How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie. 
bad a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut. 
good A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed. 
fair Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it 
good It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!" 
terrible The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse. 
good The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history. 
bad Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume. 
good It's at times the most exciting live action film for years. 
bad It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested. 
very_bad Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock. 
bad Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class. 
bad Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film. 
bad An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ... 
terrible Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this. 
bad The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it. 
very_bad It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout. 
very_bad Frustrating, lazy and lifeless. 
bad It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year. 
good Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious. 
bad As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order." 
good Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again. 
very_bad Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp. 
fair Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic. 
bad British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment. 
very_bad Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be. 
bad "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull." 
bad As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins. 
bad The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233; 
very_bad Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world. 
fair The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience. 
good This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski... 
bad A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long. 
terrible If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name. 
very_bad There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining. 
terrible Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film 
fair "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone. 
very_bad The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is. 
bad A strange and fascinating and often thrilling movie artefact. 
terrible Yeah...this was a mistake. 
bad Mostly handsome, it sounds terrific, and when it wants to be exhilarating, it knows how to be; but the story is an epic disaster of bloat and confusion. 
best A film that is at once divinely silly, surprisingly deep and deceptively complex. 
fair A fresh look at the Lone Ranger legend with Johnny Depp outstanding as Tonto. 
bad There's a solid story in here somewhere, but sadly it's suffocated under layers and layers of overindulgence. 
bad If you can embrace the easy-going spectacle of it all and its general respect for the Lone Ranger legacy, you'll probably enjoy it. 
terrible Your expectations of how bad The Lone Ranger is can't trump the reality. 
bad Too long, too weird and too darn tootin' unfunny. 
very_bad The good bits are like the seeds that end up on the bottom of bird cages, tasty tidbits momentarily visible before getting covered in crap. 
bad I laughed, I had fun, but there is something annoyingly non-committal about the direction and tone. And why not just call it "Tonto" and be done with it? Who are we kidding? 
fair Yes, there's a cloud of dust. Yes, there's a hearty 'Hi-yo, Silver!' And yes, there's a marvelous chase scene to the 'William Tell Overture.' But it takes a long, long time before 'The Lone Ranger' transitions into the iconic masked lawman. 
very_bad A complete tonal disaster and one of the goofiest attempts at trying to execute a western with an action/adventure aesthetic 
good Despite the padding, "The Lone Ranger" moves extremely well, capturing many of the qualities that made "Pirates of the Caribbean" so much fun. 
terrible Overblown, stupid, loud, unfunny, and completely maddening in its undisguised assumption that you'll swallow this nonsense whole. 
fair Bloated and uneven attempt to revive a long dead franchise. 
fair It's ultimately clear that the only thing standing in the way of The Lone Ranger's unqualified success is its severe overlength... 
very_bad What would Jay Silverheels say? Tonto laugh at bad movie, cannot fix with editing, much money wasted. 
terrible There may be a way to mix the monumental tragedy of the Native American genocide with a screwball comedy about a well-meaning chucklehead and his mystically addled Comanche sidekick, but Gore Verbinski has not found it 
good Johnny doesn't take his Jack Sparrow shtick to new Depp-ths. 
terrible Between this and The Green Hornet, the Reid Family has been royally screwed by Hollywood. 
bad He will not ride again. 
bad The film ends with a bang, which makes up for a lot of the dragging that happens in the middle. It runs a bit long, but I did enjoy watching a good chunk of it. 
very_bad Clearly they are trying to turn Tonto into another Captain Jack Sparrow, but it doesn't work. 
fair Most of us know the short and sweet Clayton Moore/Jay Silverheels TV version, but Gore Verbinski -- as he proved in Pirates of the Caribbean -- can't do anything quickly. 
terrible At one point in the movie, the Lone Ranger is dragged through manure, which begs for comment. But it's self-explanatory. 
very_bad I'm all for senseless violence in movies, but there is so much death and destruction going on here, you start to wish something nice would happen for once. 
very_bad Certain audience members will enjoy this Lone Ranger but it's style over substance that fails to elevate the series in any meaningful (or particularly exciting) way. 
very_good It's as obsessive and overbearing as Steven Spielberg's "1941"-and, I'll bet, as likely to be re-evaluated twenty years from now, and described as "misunderstood." 
very_bad Unfortunately, the director's only good decision in this bloated action movie is his choice of when to use the William Tell Overture on the soundtrack. 
bad When it comes to mining boys' adventure stories, defaming pirates may be fair game, but stories about western justice and native Americans? Not so much. 
very_bad The Lone Ranger stokes the legend but its smoke signals only add to the haze. 
very_bad At one time, the Lone Ranger's appeal was simple, but this movie seems to be doing everything possible to obscure it. 
bad [Verbinski] crams as much big-budget exhilaration into his movie as its origin story will permit, creating a film less about its namesake as it is large-scale action sequences, explosions, and CGI stunts. 
bad Who, exactly, was this bipolar oater made for? 
very_bad Occasionally entertaining but overlong and overly violent. 
bad "'The Lone Ranger' takes forever to get to its final destination" 
fair The tone varies wildly but there's still some fun to be had and the movie's massive budget shows up on the screen. 
good Prompts 'The Cosplay Kid' of the Comic-Con era of cinema to swallow the sins of our forefathers and the ones we countenance today. 
very_bad There's something jarringly misanthropic about screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott, and Terry Rossio's rendition of the iconic hero... 
very_bad This slapdash effort just doesn't cut it, which makes me wonder if the Ranger wouldn't have been better off remaining in those thrilling days of yesteryear. 
bad I give RANGER a maginal "Fix" rating. I kind of liked it, especially that thrilling opening sequence that cannot be matched by the spaghetti Western comedy that follows. 
bad Director Gore Verbinski has adopted the more-is-better approach he used in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, crowding the movie with so many extraneous characters and subplots that the film becomes an endurance test. 
good A wild, wacky, wide-screen reimagining of the vintage radio serial and TV series, the film - with Armie Hammer in the hat and mask, galloping across Texas righting wrongs, and Depp as his trusty Indian sidekick, Tonto - is an epic good time. 
very_bad I mean, no wonder Depp's in disguise. No wonder Hammer wears a mask. Wouldn't you? 
terrible The real problem with the new "Lone Ranger" is that, for those who are familiar with the multibillion-dollar "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, there is little fresh or exciting about what we have here. 
bad Depp's performance isn't nearly endearing enough to make the onslaught of vulgar flapdoodle tolerable. 
very_bad Shot mostly across scenic landscapes in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, including Monument Valley, [it acts] as a visual tribute to some of the great Westerns of history shot by the likes of John Ford. This Lone Ranger won't be joining their ranks. 
bad It's a touch bloated, but it just might be the most enjoyable Pirates of the Caribbean movie since the first one. (Yes, I said Pirates of the Caribbean.) 
bad Somewhere in there is an entertaining film, but The Lone ranger stretches your patience mightily. 
terrible For the vast majority of the movie, they view each other with skepticism and suspicion. ... No warmth, no esteem exists between them. Even at the end, when they ride off together ... Tonto gets in one last dig at his masked companion. 
bad If "The Lone Ranger" weighs itself down again and again, at least it finally delivers during a stunning third-act set-piece that at long last incorporates all of the elements that should have been readily up on the screen throughout. 
good There's an "everything and the kitchen sink" overkill in the story. ... Verbinski manages to keep it all reined in, barely. 
terrible James Badge Dale at least makes the most of his little screen time; couldn't we have had him be the lone ranger? 
terrible Cursed with useless dialogue, non-existent chemistry and (the worst sin of all) a boring story, "The Lone Ranger" proves that not even the Independence Day spirit horse always backs the right man. 
good What can I say? I love a good, old-fashioned Western, and this one delivers. 
bad Disney's big screen adaptation of the classic radio serial is like the Pirates movies in many ways, and unfortunately, that includes the bad along with the good. 
fair Veering between gruesome villains and silly humor, the film never quite figures out what works and when enough's enough. 
good ... not so bad a companion piece to the better-and-better Rango as initially feared. 
bad Tone deaf, it's as if Verbinski's prior film, 2011's marvelous Rango, got lost amid the Trail of Tears in a buddy comedy served up with a side of Hannibal Lecter. 
good I love this western, in part for its bravado, its excesses and its insanity. Even for its absurd 149-minute running time. 
bad Not a disaster, but it has the feel of a production victimized by overthinking, tinkered with in an attempt to maximize its appeal to every possible audience. 
good With terrific acting, abundant directorial splash, and a healthy dose of anticipation anarchy, The Lone Ranger looks destined to succeed. If it does fail, it will be a spectacular disaster. 
terrible Despite its impressively staged set pieces, The Lone Ranger can't survive the epic train wreck resulting from its own tonal clashes, wherein mournful scenes of genocide and stolen immigrant labor are tastelessly juxtaposed with silly slapstick humor. 
bad Except for the dynamite finale, "The Long Ranger" feels like a long, slow ride to the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump. 
fair It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't. 
terrible In trying to balance grandiosity with playfulness, to lampoon cowboy-and-Indian cliches while taking somber account of a history of violence, greed and exploitation, it descends into nerve-racking incoherence. 
very_bad It's a messy, unfocussed tale, even before Verbinski starts trying to create Fast and Furious-style chase scenes with nothing but steam locomotives. 
fair The Lone Ranger is too often as vast and empty as Utah's Monument Valley. Only the film's wide stretches aren't awe-inspiring so much as much as tiring. 
good Those who go to The Lone Ranger because it stars Johnny Depp will come away satisfied by a performance that reminds them of his Pirates of the Caribbean character. 
terrible Instead of a noble savage, Depp gives us a comic savage - Willy Wonka with a dead bird on his head. 
fair It's not until the last 15 minutes, when "The William Tell Overture" arrives in its full glory, that this starts to feel a little like The Lone Ranger. But that's too little, too late. 
bad It takes forever to get everybody's backstory, and a pointless framing device set 60 years after the main action weighs down an already bloated screenplay. 
bad The Lone Ranger has some of the playful silliness of Rango but the Verbinski/Depp collaborations it more closely resembles are the worst Pirates of the Caribbean movies. 
terrible A movie for the whole family to avoid... 2 1/2 of the longest hours on record, a jumbled botch that is so confused in its purpose and so charmless in its effect that it must be seen to be believed, but better yet, no. Don't see it, don't believe it... 
very_bad The movie, of course, barrels toward climax upon climax, and while possibly better photographed, the crashes, bangs, and booms are no less numbing than anything else you've seen in this summer of garbage blockbusters. 
bad Just another long, bloated, would-be epic. 
very_bad The Lone Ranger is a $250-million mess, saved from catastrophe only by the opportunity to see another eccentric performance by Johnny Depp. 
bad As inventive and appealing as Depp remakes his Tonto, he can't compete with producer Jerry Bruckheimer's exhaustive, spectacular action overkill with explosions, bullets, chases and silly stunts that go on until tomorrow. 
bad The film is a bloated, incoherent would-be epic that stumbles like a horse that stepped in too many plot holes and came up lame. 
good The Lone Ranger succeeds on all counts -- perhaps too well. The movie is so imaginative, so brimming with ideas that it can't quite decide what to be. 
terrible How/why/wherefore did it turn out this way? The evidence suggests a combination of hubris, errant revisionism, a misguided and perverse degree of violence, and a script that never worked in the first place. 
very_bad A horse of an indifferent color. 
bad A handsomely photographed but sloppily plotted homage to the classic serial hero that also acts as a cinematic cousin to the Caribbean franchise. 
terrible I strongly suggest tuning in to the last chunk of 'The Lone Ranger' when it appears on basic cable. 
bad It's 'Pirates of the Caribbean' in the Old West. Any resemblance between the old-time radio/TV Western and this theme-park-ride-ready-to-happen is exactly what Disney had in mind. 
very_bad Like watching an elephant tap dance in your living room: Everything gets trampled and the dancing's not very good. 
very_bad "The Lone Ranger" is a frustrating exercise in overkill, a kind-of, sort-of interesting idea buried in summer-movie excess. 
terrible Not quite a parody but broader than an homage, The Lone Ranger fights itself at every turn. 
terrible [A] bloated, misshapen mess, a stillborn franchise loaded with metaphors for its feeble attempts to amuse, excite and entertain. 
bad It's not quite funny enough to be a comedy, nor quite exciting enough to be an action film - until the last 20 minutes or so, when it's a little too late. 
terrible Tries so hard to be every kind of movie at once that it ends up being no kind of movie at all. 
bad The Lone Ranger may feature excellent direction from Gore Verbinski, but it is a tonally disastrous mess as a whole, and features perhaps the single worst performance of Johnny Depp's career. 
bad Funny stuff good, violence, preachy historical revisionism bad. 
very_bad They worked so hard to make a movie out of The Lone Ranger, responding to the pleas of absolutely no one. Calls for a sequel will be even less thunderous. 
fair You ride along with inconsistencies because Ranger is building toward a final showdown. When that showdown disappoints, you feel every minute of the film's 2 1/2-hour length. 
bad It's a 2 1/2-hour slog, with tonal inconsistencies and monotonous, drawn-out action sequences. Scenes alternate between frenetic and tedious. 
fair In the end, The Lone Ranger is one hot mess -- an entertaining one, to be sure, but still a mess. 
fair The movie takes a more old-fashioned approach to thrills. It appears to showcase as many stuntmen as it does digital compositors. 
very_bad It's all too much and not enough-a succession of disparate, can-you-top-this episodes inelegantly piling up like skidding cars on a freeway. 
bad The Lone Ranger is a tonally imbalanced Western adventure, but random comedic gems mixed with the perfect dose of Depp make this franchise reawakening a serviceable cinematic escape. 
bad Perplexes as much as it entertains with a strong left of centre ideology clashing with the conservative roots of its action western genre. 
bad It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune. 
bad Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before. 
fair Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride. 
good Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure. 
very_good It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman. 
good A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome. 
very_bad For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter. 
bad Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting. 
fair Silly, sexy, and filled with music. 
good A hilarious, off-beat slice of 80s cheese. 
very_bad Not as funny as it thinks it is. 
good Stupid but wonderful. 
terrible But this movie is hard to take. Sorry, go back to your own planet. 
terrible I never got into this. It just doesn't make me laugh. 
very_bad Unfortunately, this movie isn't 
bad An entertaining guilty pleasure. 
bad Kooky and colorful little cult flick. If you're a fan of anyone in the cast, consider it a curiosity rental. 
good Only the most strident of advocates for political correctness will take offence at the harmless fun. 
bad All this could be frothy fun or irritating, depending on your taste or mood. 
fair Even running out of steam as it eventually does, there is zany goofball fun for the undiscriminating moviegoer. 
good A lighthearted and goofy musical comedy about a love affair between an extraterrestrial and a manicurist. 
good All is Lost is outstanding and so the collaboration between Redford and writer/director J.C Chandor. 
very_good Frank G. DeMarco and Peter Zuccarini, dual cinematographers, gather gorgeous imagery especially those captured from beneath the ocean's surface. 
good A commanding performance by Robert Redford with nary a word spoken. It makes up for the somewhat tedious running time. 
best Superb, a brilliantly conceived, first-person masterpiece, totally immersive and compelling from first frame to last. It's easily one of the best survival films ever made, even with Gravity dominating everybody's praise. 
best O rosto envelhecido, marcado e expressivo (e ainda belo) de Redford comunica uma infinidade de ideias e sentimentos com o minimo esforco. 
good This film makes an excellent case that sometimes less can be so much more. 
good A subtle meditation on mind, body and spirit that's imbued with an aching amount of futility and loneliness 
good The low tech nature of All is Lost accentuates the primal (physical) nature of this struggle, while the technical prowess of Gravity emphasizes its more metaphysical (and less interesting) nature 
good All is Lost makes the familiar strikingly new. The filmmaker and his star hold their nerve, refusing easy outs and making you look - and listen - carefully to a starkly pure piece of cinema. 
very_good It's a rare example of pure cinema, and that, in itself, gives it a stature to which few Hollywood films these days aspire. 
good Chandor has produced a minimalist gem. 
best 'Captain Phillips' wasn't the only see-worthy vessel of 2013. 
good We (and he) know he's screwed. The tension comes from establishing just how badly. 
bad Chandor clearly wanted to make something powerful and engrossing, but due to the simplistic nature of the film, what he ended up with was something dull and forgettable. 
fair The most remarkable feat in J.C. Chandor's stranded-in-the-sea survival story All Is Lost is star Robert Redford's ability to shave on open water. 
good The Old Man IN the Sea! 
very_good (Redford) is quite effective in the film's slower moments, while thoroughly rattled when reacting to the elements. 
bad So threadbare that there's nothing to grasp onto to care about. 
good Gravity's great weakness was the unnecessarily abundant corny dialogue. All Is Lost is makes no such compromises. 
very_good As the film goes on, we see Redford in a new light. A light dimmer and paler and murkier. Once a golden god on screen, there now remains a hobbled everyman. 
good Who is this sailor? Where does he come from? Chandor never sees fit to tell us. His hero remains a deliberate stencil, defined solely by the crisis around him and the actions he takes. 
best the film generates a wonderful sense of claustrophobia on the open sea. Imagine a movie with the lyrical beauty of a Terrence Malick project crossed with the virtuosity of Tom Hanks in Cast Away. 
bad Technically, this is a hugely impressive film but it still left me feeling a little underwhelmed. 
good [Redford] speaks barely a handful of lines in All Is Lost, but the film still manages to feel like an internal monologue, a conversation between one man and himself. 
good The utter solitude is almost vertiginous. 
best Chandor's movie gives us the Hemingwayish essentials and then some. 
bad There's something powerful lurking in the deep. 
good Impressively paced and superbly shot, this is a powerful and ultimately terrifying drama with stunning sound design work and an Oscar-worthy performance from Robert Redford. 
good At a time when filmmakers are desperately throwing everything at the screen and seeing what sticks, it's refreshing to see a film like All Is Lost come along and turn the more-is-more formula on its head. 
fair This beautifully-directed drama succeeds to a certain experimental extent but drags on for a bit too long. 
bad If you are a big Robert Redford fan you should eat this movie up since he is the only person in the movie. The downside, he is the only person in the movie. 
good With no 3D, no friends and no hope, Redford and Chandor show how survivalist instincts can stoke thrilling, thoughtful cinema. 
fair After the award-winning Margin Call, writer-director J.C. Chandor shifts gears completely for this fiercely detailed one-man survival drama. 
best [Redford] gives a commanding performance as the nameless protagonist that makes the complete lack of characterisation an irrelevance. 
bad All Is Lost is very pure film-making, set entirely on the water, without dialogue, just showing us the man's fight to survive from moment to moment. 
bad the Cliffs Notes version of the deeper, more profound character study that never transpires on-screen 
best It's the detail and precision of his storytelling style that makes All Is Lost so engrossing. 
good It's not as tense as Gravity, but just as suspenseful, and almost as exhilarating. 
good Stylistically it's a serious about-face from director J. C. Chandor, whose excellent debut feature Margin Call was stuffed with actors as Wall Street types talking a mile a minute. 
best A triumph of pure cinema and wonderful visual storytelling from Chandor, who must now be considered the real deal, while Redford is sublime in what could well be the performance of his career. 
best All is Lost is superior craftsmanship on the part of the filmmaker and his star, making a late-in-life "coming of age" story that transitions into a man's twilight and burns bright. 
very_good All Is Lost boils down the art of filmmaking to the essential parts, making even the slightest decisions evident and powerful. 
fair As written and directed by young American filmmaker J.C. Chandor, All is Lost is a classic case of man-against-nature. 
bad Even Redford bailing water for 106 minutes can be a bit much. 
best The movie has the feel of a beautifully conceived and elegantly composed short story with a remarkable and consistently surprising degree of emotional resonance. 
good if the film maintains our attention, it is simply because we connect with the base desire to survive, which embodied by someone like Robert Redford becomes all the more gripping 
good [Redford] barely utters a word and yet manages to give one of the finest performances of his long career. 
good a film of action and suspense with no guns and no villains but the sea and an inevitable death. 
good The key ingredient to the film's success is Redford's vulnerability. He's trying so desperately to stay alive that he has few moments for reflection, but they register - and all without the aid of dialogue. 
very_good The movie pares its man-vs.-the elements, man-vs.-himself theme to the barest bones, yet it's timely as well as timeless, as Chandor acknowledges the coldness of the corporate as well as natural environment. 
good Redford's now leathery exterior is in such contrast to his once striking youthful good looks yet there is still beauty in that well worn face.&#8233; 
good A spectacular, galvanizing display of how this one-time Hollywood "golden boy," now 77, can still commandeer the screen. 
good Even 'The Old Man and the Sea' had more meat on it. That, of course, is a huge compliment. 
good Robert's Redford has two-lines in the whole movie but his acting is still incredible. The movie isn't. 
fair The vacuum-sealed status of this man admittedly places some distance between him and viewers, although the presence of Redford in the role goes a long way toward closing the gap. 
fair Even if it's not the greatest movie of the year, All Is Lost is certainly one of the most unique movies of the year. 
good Five minutes alone with him in All Is Lost will make you feel like a chump for ever suspecting [Redford] was done for. The charisma never went away; it's only aged into a very fine vintage, indeed. 
best A gripping exercise in visual storytelling. 
good You would think a movie packed with scenes like "Redford repairs a hole in a boat," "Redford inventories supplies" and "Redford eats some beans out of a can" would make for tedious viewing, and yet I was transfixed. 
fair Redford does a fantastic job of conveying every nuance of emotion in his character with just a look or a gesture. 
very_good J.C. Chandor wrote and directed "All Is Lost," but Robert Redford owns it. 
very_good An Amazing Minimalist Turn from Redford. 
best "All is Lost" is disciplined, elemental filmmaking built around a disciplined, elemental performance, and it's one of the best films of the year. 
good We get the predictable plot points - storms, sharks, close calls with passing ships - but it feels like a uniquely handmade artifact. 
bad All is Lost is a testament to a great actor, an experimental piece of cinema and a bit of a bore. 
good It's just humanity at its most basic. 
good A surprisingly successful stunt. How successful it is will vary from viewer to viewer. 
good Redford sails alone, but no man is an island 
best A gripping one-man show 
best ... a bracing nautical adventure. Think 'Old Man and the Sea' by way of 'The Perfect Storm' ... Redford in a revelatory performance, maybe his best ever. 
good An impressively audacious effort... 
bad A noble-minded, but only partly successful film - one that will probably be a riveting moviegoing experience for some, but an unsatisfying trip across the ocean for others. 
good As a rugged yet wise exploration of manhood and mortality, All Is Lost gives great Hemingway. 
very_good All Is Lost is very much Redford's triumph. His turn isn't pure disappearance so much as a brilliantly human example of cresting and plummeting, cresting and plummeting. 
best The acting is note-perfect, a career performance from a man who has been in the business for more than 50 years. 
good The movie is rigorous, serious and well-crafted, with Redford holding the screen using only his economical emotional reactions and physical presence. 
very_good For all its formal austerity, All Is Lost also offers itself as a widescreen multiplex attraction, keeping all eyes glued on Our Man's dilemma, and every mind wondering if he'll manage to cheat death. 
terrible Too Adrift 
bad Jostling around on the same flat level, spurts of interest coming but few and far between, "All Is Lost" should send one away with a dropped, unsettled stomach. Instead, it doesn't elicit much more than a shrug. 
best Redford could win first Best Actor Oscar of his great career. 
good All is Lost is about how human nature rebels against death, even when all hope is vanquished by adverse circumstances. 
good This is a beautiful portrayal of not just the human spirit, but what our meager species goes through just to keep drawing breath. 
very_good Chandor and Redford make every moment matter in this fascinating film (despite an ending that will divide audiences). 
fair The real victory in All Is Lost is how much Chandor is able to communicate about the human spirit with so few strokes. 
good Even at the age of 77, Redford can command a screen, and he's the main reason to watch this man-against-nature story. 
very_good Both a thrilling adventure and a subtle character portrait, "All Is Lost" is the best Redford movie since his brilliant "All the President's Men" 37 years ago. 
best Redford brings the watchfulness that has served him so well to every moment of "All Is Lost," infusing what is already a perfectly entertaining adventure with rich veins of symbolism and meta-meaning. 
bad Although you may never be bored with "All Is Lost," you are rarely fully engaged. 
good Redford isn't precisely stretching his range as an actor here or revealing a new side to us. Rather, he's finding the cleanest, clearest way to express a quiet man's wiles and resources. 
very_good All is Lost does not move at a brisk clip, or a tedious drag. Chandor knows exactly the proper speed of each scene and carries it out with Pete Beaudreau's editing in appropriate sync. 
best The human drive to survive is what fuels this story of resilience and perseverance. 
good A showcase for Robert Redford like he hasn't had in years and further proof that the writer/director of "Margin Call" is one to watch. 
good Burning with a young man's vigor and stripped bare of every ounce of celebrity, Redford commands the screen and drags us into the watery ordeal with him. 
best A nearly perfect thing: Economic, elegant, and elemental, it's a cleanly observed tale of one man trying, choice by choice, to keep the odds going in his favor. 
good An ocean of metaphor. 
very_good As a "man vs. wild" adventure in the Jack London mode...All is Lost has plenty of fearsome moments, but the deeper fears are existential: man in mortal contention with an indifferent universe. 
very_good In lesser hands, his character's ordeal might have been portrayed with big punctuation marks and dramatic flourishes. Redford's reactions are honest, in tune with a man of the sea. 
very_bad When did Robert Redford turn into the male Sandra Bullock? 
fair I ultimately admired it more as a high degree-of-difficulty achievement than as a film 
best Robert Redford gives the performance of his life in this one man show brilliantly directed by J.C.Chandor. It's a towering achievement for both of them. 
very_good This steadily absorbing man-adrift-on-a-damaged-sailboat saga has possibly the three most suspenseful sequences of the year. 
bad It seems more determined to impress than to entertain. However, it succeeds wildly on the first count, which may make it worth seeing for many adventurous teens and parents. 
good Redford's voice might be largely silent, but the soul is there and the magnitude of all that is lost hits home. 
best Here is a formidable opus whose real spiritual relative is Tennyson's "Ulysses". Yes. "All is Lost" is that good. 
fair ...a surprisingly unsparing and rigorous piece of work, tinged with an unsentimental fatalism. 
good A gripping experience ... with its circling sharks, its sun-dappled beauty and its agonies of shattered hope. 
very_good A fascinating voyage across a vast ocean, and into the great uncharted waters of our selves. 
best Palpably suspenseful, engrossing, bold and intelligent. It's a new American classic that will be remembered for many years to come. Robert Redford delivers a tour de force performance. 
very_good It would be one thing if All is Lost merely pulled you in with a firm grip and true skill; what's even more impressive is what it says to you once it has you in its grasp. 
good "All Is Lost," which is only Chandor's second film, reveals itself as remarkably skillful, surprisingly insightful and deeply moving. 
very_good Chandor proves that the elements, combined with the varied and subtle talents of a veteran actor, are all that is needed to make a captivating, nail-biting thriller. 
best An action movie in the most profound and exalted sense of the term ... 
good Redford reconfirms his legend without resorting to movie myth 
best It's just a guy. On a boat. For 107 minutes. And every one of those minutes is riveting. 
best There is incredible tension in this ordeal, this effort to survive, to find rescue, and Redford - an icon of the American film experience for more than half a century now - makes that tension deeply palpable. 
very_good Redford, who can play intelligence, wit and nuance to a camera like nobody's business, holds us in his grip. It's a master class in acting. 
very_good The approach results in one scene of heart-in-throat action after another, with Chandor's immersive approach shoring up Redford's remarkable, understated performance. 
best Goodness knows what this movie would be like without the brute force of Mr. Redford's intelligence, focus and self-confidence. 
very_good Redford's finest hour. 
fair Stranded and alone as he battles the stormy sea and his mortality, Robert Redford delivers a commanding lead performance in All Is Lost, a nearly wordless but captivating drama from J.C. Chandor. 
best It's the salvation of the moviegoing year. 
very_good It's nothing new to watch an impressive survival story onscreen, but rare to see it done this well. 
good Redford gives the kind of career-capping performance many of his contemporaries could only dream of. 
very_good A mesmerizing, compelling and deeply profound high-seas adventure in which Robert Redford gives one of the most fulfilling and rewarding performances of his career. 
good Robert Redford will get a Best Actor Oscar nomination for this awesome, extraordinary adventure on an unforgiving sea. 
bad A visually striking man versus nature story about enduring when the elements are conspiring against you. 
best An immersive drama about being resilient and facing the fear we all have of dying alone; one of the Best Films of 2013. 
fair J.C. Chandor creates an austere snapshot of human struggle, ingenuity, and perseverance, one that's predicated on Robert Redford's fantastic performance. 
good All Is Lost is a movie that is understated, yet still manages to play out on a staggeringly huge canvas; the personal and the universal one and the same. 
good For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner. 
bad The film's scope is limited, but as far as it goes, All Is Lost is very good indeed: a neat idea, very nimbly executed. 
bad From bow to stern Chandor delivers pure cinema 
bad Redford delivers a tour de force performance: holding the screen effortlessly with no acting support whatsoever. 
bad A grim and rather relentless analogy for the slow march towards death: every bad thing can and does happen, with almost comical inevitability, and by the hour mark, you find yourself begging for a shark attack that might put poor Red out of his misery. 
fair Production values are low and everything looks cheap, but the film punches above its weight and has a lot of heart. 
bad Enjoyable, but now basically a footnote to the TV series. 
bad This pallid crossbreeding of vampire horror with Valley Girl vamping has no surprises. 
very_bad A sometimes entertaining mess. (The TV series is, shockingly, a whole lot better.) 
very_bad From this whole thing, who comes out the best? Paul Reubens! Who knew? 
terrible My favorite TV show is Buffy, I still can't believe it came from this horrible movie. 
bad A slight, good-humored film that's a lot more painless than might have been expected. 
bad Not bad but pales to the terrific TV show. 
terrible Buffy the Vampire Slayer has a promising title and some good ideas, but fails to deliver the goods. 
bad I know I stand alone on this, but Kristy Swanson is the one true Buffy. 
bad Amusing trifle, notable chiefly for Paul Reubens' performance. 
terrible Barely watchable. 
terrible Flat comedy/horror flick that barely scratches the level of mediocrity in either genre. 
bad The direction is downright bad, and the storyline really doesn't help much, but all of this is made up in spades with one of the most finely crafted formula scripts courtesy of Josh Whedon. 
bad A fun movie; so much better than it has to be and so much better than you expect it to be. 
fair [A] fairly perfect blend... of cartoon violence and mayhem and the pleasant lightness of a Christmas movie. 
good With enough sight gags to please slapstick fans and enough good-natured Christmas cheer to qualify as a good holiday film, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation should keep most viewers occupied and provide 97 minutes of goofy entertainment. 
good Easily the funniest of the four Vacation movies. Just try keeping a straight face when the uncouth Cousin Eddie (Randy Quaid) is on screen. 
good hilarious, a classic 
bad ...a roller-coaster ride of hilarity, poignancy, vulgarity, and just plain dumbness. 
fair the last funny installment of the series 
good Haven't watched it in awhile, but I remember it well and I remember enjoying it. One of the better Vacation movies (Vegas Vacation is still the best, though). 
good Amusing Chase vehicle on its way to being a Xmas perennial. 
very_bad The new film does little more than reintroduce these familiar characters (with new actors playing the children, who would otherwise be college age by now) and let them get on one another's nerves in earnest. 
very_bad There never, ever should've been more than one of these movies. 
good The human frailty at the center of the story makes the jokes all the funnier. Holiday films are rarely as priceless. 
terrible As always the visual gags are more prevalent then the verbal ones, and are lit up in neon so you can't miss them. 
fair One of the great unanswered questions in Hollywood is how Chevy Chase still gets work. 
fair Many of those episodic moments, particularly in the film's first half, are hilarious. But as picture goes along there are far too many dry spells. 
bad Sequence after sequence seems to contain all the necessary material, to be well on the way toward a payoff, and then it somehow doesn't work. 
bad Christmas Vacation never quite reaches the levels of suburban-angst rage that other Vacation movies do, but it does have its moments. 
very_good It may be forgotten when it comes to Top 50 lists of comedys, but it's consistently funny, a mini-classic of it's kind and a re-watcher when it comes to Christmas. 
fair THE SPY WHO LOVED ME is not as good as I remembered it. All of its chases and action were much better in my memories. In reality, they're a bit lackluster. 
very_good In a tremendous film that shows Moore's Bond still has the old razzle-dazzle, "Nobody Does It Better" isn't just a theme song. It's a forceful and fun statement of purpose, and "Spy" offers the franchise the definitive jolt it so sorely needed. 
good The best combination of japery and seriousness, without descending into the clowning that would be a part of all but one of Moore's subsequent adventures [as Bond]. 
bad 1977's 007 still gettin' lucky in underwater lair. 
good It may not be Fleming but it is terrific fun. 
bad As the Bond series moved deeper into the 1970s, the emphasis moved away from the inventive scripts that made the best Sean Connery films fine examples of the spy genre and toward the kind of feats of daring and visual spectacle. 
good 007 lives in the best of the Moore Bonds ... 
fair This is near-camp and its success sent a strong message to its producers about what audiences wanted to see: Bigger, bolder, louder, sexier. 
good One of the better Moore outings. 
good It's Bond with Roger Moore, and this is one of the best of his. 
bad The film moves along at a serviceable clip, but it seems half an hour too long. 
bad Not the best Bond, but not the worst either. 
best One of the best of the Moore Bonds, this is non-stop, gloriously excessive entertainment. 
best Not only Roger Moore's best, but one of the few Bond films that can stand apart from the series as a superb action movie. 
very_good The best Bond movie of the Moore era 
good With its comic edge, this is one of the better Bonds. 
good The best of the Roger Moore Bond films has much to praise. 
bad The Bond series begins a downhill slide into camp with this one. 
good Un clasico, con espias hermosas, persecuciones submarinas, y el toque de Bond. 
good From the adrenaline-inducing pre-credits ski chase to the gun battle as the crew of two submarines attempt to take a hollowed-out supertanker from an army of bad guys, the action sequences soar. 
good Roger Moore may not be the toughest of the Bonds, and he may not be the wittiest, but he is the smoothest. 
good Is there no end to Bond's skills? 
good ...pulled Roger Moore from the shadow of his predecessor and established him as a bone fide Bond. 
good One of the best Bonds ever made. 
very_good Of Roger Moore's seven James Bond pictures, The Spy Who Loved Me stands out as the best. 
best Unforgettable 1978 love triangle drama includes violence. 
best Simply one of the most ravishing films ever made, luminous in a way that no other movie has been. 
best A rich and rewarding experience, then as now celebrated for its intricacy and slowness. 
best A second chance for Malick to cast away the chemical stained print and achieve the film he envisioned, and a second chance for audiences to experience a true classic on the big screen. 
best Visually and thematically, it's still one of the most beautiful films ever made. 
best Wholly divine. 
best A film about awareness, standing still and being cognizant of the things around you. 
good You can feel Terrence Malick drifting away in this follow-up to his acclaimed debut. 
very_good It has a visual syntax so eloquent -- its fields of gold cause its quiet characters to stand out like mythic figures -- it would play powerfully as a silent film. 
best This is the towering, unconventional power of a true artist. 
good A feast for the eyes and ears. 
best The sound alone is astonishing. Morricone's haunting, wistful score adds measurably to the sweep and timelessness of the film. 
best To hell with equivocation or beating around the bush: Terrence Malick's 1978 Days of Heaven is the greatest film ever made. 
best Perhaps the most typical example of a '70s American art film -- daring, romantic, rebellious but also filled with longing for the beauty of the past. 
bad One of those grand ol' classics you just have to see 
bad A so so film with gorgeous photography! 
good Early Gere film with fabulous cinematography. 
very_good Every shot is suitable for framing. 
very_good Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven is a landmark film in that it is one of the few movies ever made that has no discernable weaknesses. 
fair One thing that certainly can be said about Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven: it's not sentimental or manipulative. Unfortunately, it's also not particularly involving. 
best This is a movie made by a man who knew how something felt, and found a way to evoke it in us. 
fair Day Of Reckoning is one of the most ambitious, experimental, and downright fascinating B-movie genre pieces I have seen in years. 
bad When it sticks to the fights, the thugs, and the attitude, it's a pretty good time. 
terrible Aside from perhaps Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren's accountants, it's difficult to say for sure who exactly has been calling for another entry in this francise. 
bad Earns its stripes as one of those bad movies that's so bad it's good, in its bad way. 
good An actual great piece of brainy action cinema. 
bad An entertaining Universal Soldier movie that dares to try something different. 
bad Day of Reckoning, for lack of a better expression, 'goes there.' But like the flight plan of a hijacked plane, it's not necessarily my destination of choice. 
bad As with all the films in the Universal Soldier series, this is mostly a catalog of increasingly brutal fights, which are the main attraction in and of themselves. 
fair An arty action flick that's almost worth watching. The odds of director John Hyams pulling off such a feat were only slightly worse than winning Powerball. 
fair Day of Reckoning is somehow not just the best film in the series, but a damn fine piece of action filmmaking by any measure. 
terrible "There... is... no... end" Van Damme announces in between blows. As a comment on the current film, I'll agree. As a prediction - all I can do is shudder. 
good An intensity of purpose and a patient, suspenseful directing style make the B-movie "Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" superior to most of the big-budget action films I've seen lately. 
bad This bloody wallow in sweat, guns and fisticuffs - for those who swing that way - delivers. 
bad The movie creates something of the sensation of huffing industrial solvents - in a good way! - a waking-sleep zombification that can't exactly be described as pleasurable but definitely has an odd, distinct power. 
terrible Universal soldiers, it seems, never die, even if they deserve a slow and deliberate farewell. 
very_bad Anyone who stumbles into "Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" unprepared is bound to leave shellshocked. Not just because of the movie's brutal violence, but from the stunning realization that this grim franchise will never stop regenerating itself. 
fair Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning comes off feeling like the Alien 3 of the franchise, as it becomes, at times, far too nihilistic to be enjoyed. 
bad It's almost worth wading through the wearisome setup to get to the fun stuff. But there is a reason fast-forward buttons were invented. 
fair A bloody free-for-all so gruesome, it makes Peckinpah look like Winnie the Pooh. 
fair A throwback to a time when gratuitous nudity was the only kind of nudity, and when being a man meant dismembering another man 
bad Like a stiff Schwarzeneggerian conqueror making good on an "I'll be back," John Hyams returns to one-up the franchise again. 
fair Muscular, atmospheric and surprisingly scary. 
bad Adkins, Van Damme, and Lundgren turn in far more compelling work than they did in their last film together, Expendables 2, though maybe that's not saying much. 
good Aaron Sorkin has written an acute, hilarious, and informative screenplay which is rich with character, and is perfect fodder for director Mike Nichols, who has a knack for meshing comedy and drama. 
fair The international intrigue becomes strained satire -- what's needed is the comic touch of a Billy Wilder. 
bad Charlie Wilson's War features two characters who know how government is supposed to work. They also know it doesn't work as it is supposed to, so they have to subvert the system and go beyond it. 
very_good Charlie Wilson's War is both funny and entertaining. In fact, as far as making political points, you kind of have to look for them. 
very_bad At a short 93 minutes, it feels as though Charlie Wilson's War was hacked up in the editing room, leaving the bare bones of the structure but little of the really juicy meat. 
good All of the actors clearly relish the film's fast and busy pace, smart dialog and vivid characterisations. 
bad Hanks does a great job, brimming with the sort of charisma and charm that the real Charlie Wilson presumably had in spades. 
bad ...succumbs to an overly and relentlessly talky vibe that prevents the viewer from connecting to the film's story or characters. 
fair The movie never addresses the pressing questions raised in Crile's nonfiction page-turner. It also never encourages the viewer to consider that a solitary congressman appropriated more than $40 million of taxpayer money for his cause. 
very_good Charlie Wilson's War" is intelligence to be savored appreciatively. 
very_bad [A]nyone who's seen, say, Michael Winterbottom's Welcome to Sarajevo or even one of those late-night "Save the Children" TV spots has seen much more gut-punching stuff. 
very_good The dialogue zings and pops whether you are trying to keep up with Hanks and Hoffman as they exchange one-liners or trying to fully understand the foreign affairs... 
good Suficientemente interessante para figurar entre os diversos trabalhos que fizeram de 2007 um ano tao forte para o Cinema norte-americano. 
good Two vaguely amoral do-gooders do their part to fight Commies in a secret hot war during a cold one%u2026you know, the one that installed the Taliban in Afghanistan and turned it into a place armed to the teeth and crazy pissed at us. Then Sorkin and Nich 
very_good Smart, sophisticated and stylish, "Charlie Wilson's War" is a victory for thinking adults. 
bad Una inteligente satira politica, que se queda corta como critica a la intervencion de EEUU en Medio Oriente pero funciona muy bien como comedia. Tom Hanks y Philip Seymour Hoffman estan formidables. 
fair Genuinely witty and entertaining . 
best The Russians are going, the Russians are going 
very_bad It all adds up to something very unsatisfying, and less than honest. 
good Philip Seymour Hoffman provides a wonderful comic foil as the straight-talking CIA operative who helps Wilson in his covert dealings with the Afghan rebels. 
bad The surreal comedy is that every tense twist of this secret war is horribly true. 
bad The film itself may be uneven, but it's worth catching for Hoffman alone who gets to deliver some of the funniest lines to grace a movie in years. 
bad Less than the sum of its A-list parts, Nichols' grown-up satire only catches fire when Hoffman's steamed up. 
bad The performances are likeable and entertaining, while Nichols pumps the whole proceedings with a satisfyingly fluid, dramatic energy. 
bad Slick, sharp and a little sentimental. 
good Extremely enjoyable. Although it's a little tonally unsure, whenever Hanks and Hoffman are on screen, any misgivings are forgiven. 
bad Charlie Wilson's War manages to be at once utterly irresponsible and mildly entertaining. 
good War has rarely been this much fun, but director Mike Nichols is careful to offset the mischief with a poignant reminder of the days that lay ahead. 
good Consider it West Wing Lite, with some of Hollywood's finest at the helm. 
bad Adult comedy takes an incisive look at politics. 
good A great starting five of film artists %u2014 director Mike Nichols, writer Adam Sorkin and actors Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts and Phillip Seymour Hoffman %u2014 have put their distinctive spin on the story 
fair It's too easy a movie not to like it, as a diversion rather than a serious work of art, perhaps. 
fair Without Philip Seymour Hoffman's Gust, this would be a mildly amusing 2-star dramedy. His deadpan punchlines elevate it beyond well-intentioned shlock 
fair Nichols and Sorkin take the easy way out, promoting the personal tale of the roguish Wilson, rather than establishing a real socio-political context within which something insightful might have emerged 
good a slick, smart, and subversive look at where America went wrong with its geo-political thinking 
good as good as this movie is, I get the sense that Charlie Wilson himself has some better stories to tell. 
very_good What a treat! Charlie Wilson's War is the perfect Christmas present for thinking moviegoers. 
good You won't likely be blown away by the film, and it's not as hard-hitting as it probably ought to be. Still, it's a solid picture with enough good elements to sell it. 
very_good It's a marvel of snappy dialogue and precision timing. 
very_good You may find better films that deal with the precursors of our present blowback in the Middle East, but you won't find many more entertaining. 
good Alas, for all the down-and-dirty of covert ops and back-channel diplomacy depicted in Charlie Wilson's War, the movie feels a little too scrubbed, too sanitized. 
bad ... while movies can and do mark history, to a degree, they're also entertainment, and "Charlie Wilson's War" largely succeeds on that front. 
best Don't miss this one. 
good ...sharp, smart and funny... 
very_good Have you ever hear of Congressman Charlie Wilson who served Texas' 2nd District from 1973 to 1996? Neither had I, despite the fact that he was virtually single-handedly responsible for toppling the Soviet Union. 
very_good One of the year's very best films. 
good You'll want to stand up and cheer for Charlie Wilson, a smart and absolutely irresistable true tale about a guy who dared to make a difference. 
good It's a smart political comedy that tackles a solemn situation, but doesn't forget that it's meant to entertain as well. 
good As a commentary on current events, it's unconvincing; but as a rollicking '"Dallas" set in Washington,' it's excellent. 
bad Something doesn't smell right with Charlie Wilson's War. I'm not particularly concerned with the specific facts it has left out of its telling. But what has been left in feels compromised and dodgy. 
good It is briskly paced, nimbly acted and crisply directed by Mike Nichols. 
bad For a satire to bite, someone has to draw blood. 
good Though pitched as comedy with absurdist flourishes, you can't help thinking that Charlie Wilson's War accurately captures the less-than-kosher methods by which laws are passed and money dispersed in our nation's capital. 
good It is so much fun watching these actors enjoy bouncing off each other, it's almost too easy to forget the importance of the story being told. 
good If the story feels incomplete and a tad abrupt, it may be because only time will tell us how it ends. 
good The film moves along smartly despite being stuffed to bursting with details of arms deals, diplomatic ploys and political maneuvering. 
good If Charlie doesn't feel quite real, Hanks at least makes him good company. 
good A feel-good comedy about a covert US effort to fund resistance to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan? What will Hollywood think of next? 
good It's one of the better flicks of the Christmas movie season. 
fair The political messages come in fits and starts, but the film's bittersweet final section hints at the far-reaching impact of Wilson's efforts, both positive and negative. 
very_good The movie's energizing strength is intelligence. It is so entertainingly adult. 
good Though not great, Charlie Wilson's War is definitely worthwhile and entertaining, and clocking in at a modest 98 minutes, it doesn't overstay its welcome. 
very_good The season's oddest and perhaps most effective war movie. 
fair It's not a great film, but it's so swift (barely 90 minutes) and fun that you barely notice. 
good Tom Hanks delivers another of his patented good-guy roles. 
good It's a smart, hugely entertaining romp through the back channels of power that celebrates the power of the determined individual to alter the course of human events. But the implications and consequences of Wilson's crusade are... troubling. 
good While not deeply insightful, Charlie Wilson's War is an eye-opening and sassy tale of political will making for unlikely bedfellows. 
very_good Highly entertaining -- and mildly uncomfortable. 
good Rather than another of the solemn examinations of American foreign policy Charlie Wilson's War is a quip-filled, high-spirited comedy. 
good A Bizarro-world Frank Capra picture...Though the story deserves more weight...still a pleasing, unusually smart, consistently witty mass entertainment. 
good Nichols fills the edges of the screen with unforced humor. 
bad Contrary to what Sorkin and Nichols seem to think, the problem is not that topicality and entertainment don't mix. It's that audacity and self-congratulation don't. 
very_bad This is a visually and emotionally soft affair, and the material calls for something with far sharper edges. 
good It's quite a yarn, and the filmmakers relate it with clarity and verve. 
fair Director Mike Nichols, working from Sorkin's terrifically written screenplay and with a cast that's obviously game and eager to please, pulls it all together and makes it work in an utterly convincing and crowd-pleasing fashion 
very_good A smart, funny, sophisticated story for grown-ups that steers clear of Iraq-fatigue and instead buries its sardonic message beneath bourbon and bimbos. 
good Out of the rash of socio-political movies this season, this stands as the best; thanks in large part to the film's trio of stars and the snarky script from Aaron Sorkin. 
good Imagine getting a fascinating, if unsettling history lesson while watching a Judd Apatow comedy like 'Knocked Up,' and that's how 'Charlie Wilson's War' unfolds. 
very_good is is a charming, slight film - a nice little movie. And that's great. But somehow I think the filmmakers were hoping for something more. 
good Witty, wacky, and wildly inappropriate for our Puritan PC times, this story...breezes of effortless engagement, filled with performances so potent they act like double shots of soothing Southern Comfort. 
good Charlie Wilson's War takes a kernel of truth and roasts it into a popcorn movie. There's terrific fun to be had, and much wry comedy too. 
good Charlie Wilson's War tells its tale briskly, almost merrily. This is not a sober history lesson, but a political comedy laced with sex (party girls in limos, strippers in hot tubs), booze, and even good old-fashioned cocaine. 
best If we learned anything from The Da Vinci Code, it is how you should never under estimate Tom Hanks with a goofy hair cut. 
good An often-hilarious political satire that tells a story so bizarre and unlikely that it comes as no surprise to discover that most of it is indeed true 
good Under Mike Nichols's direction Hanks, Roberts and Hoffman have a great time with Sorkin's dialogue, even if these aren't the sorts of parts that win Oscars. 
very_bad Charlie Wilson's War is an anachronism, the wrong movie at the wrong time. Not only does it tell its tale in a style that feels dated and artificial, the story itself focuses on events that history has overtaken. 
good Offers some pretty good political insight for a 97-minute comedy 
bad Sounds like a spy movie but it's handled as a comedy, and while the whole thing is droll (there's more than a few funny exchanges in the film), it also feels weightless. 
very_good The weight of current events in Iraq and Afghanistan push at the back of your mind as you watch the film. 
good A lean and tight insider's look at the absurdity, deceit, and artifice of politics. 
bad Only Hoffman manages to make a silk purse out of this sow's ear... by blustering through his line readings with a raw energy the rest of the film sorely lacks. 
bad Like grafting the conflict-free pizzazz of Ocean's Thirteen onto Lions for Lambs. 
fair [It's]a satire of the second Cold War and clueless American politics, while also celebrating the comparatively loose morals and naivete of the greed decade. 
good A mostly amusing film that features smart performances and even-smarter dialogue. 
bad entertaining, and that's about the extent of it. 
terrible Nichols's cut, gutted version (of Aaron Sorkin's script) offers a few cheery, breezy moments of rat-a-tat comedy, but Charlie Wilson's War stops being funny when you realize we're living in the sequel. 
terrible A forgettable and too-glossy piffle posing ridiculously as Oscar bait, Charlie Wilson's War tells a true story that warrants more respect than this lifeless, frivolous drudge of a final product. 
fair A scene-stealing performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman. 
fair It actually cares about entertaining its audience, about giving them something to laugh at and have fun with before hitting them over the head with how bad things are. 
very_good Director Mike Nichols and writer Aaron Sorkin tell the story nimbly and intelligently in Charlie Wilson's War, which has been billed as a comedy but contains sobering reminders about modern international affairs. 
fair Sorkin is a deft explicator of Washington geopolitics for dummies, but he patronizes us with blunt lessons on the mujahideen and Afghanistan geography. 
terrible The lines brought to mind what sportswriter Red Smith said when asked how he writes, 'I open a vein,'... Alan Sorkin's seem to come straight from an artery, so labored are they. 
very_good All of a sudden, Hoffman is having one of the most spectacular years any movie actor ever had. 
good When Charlie Wilson's War is on target -- pretty much every time Tom Hanks and Philip Seymour Hoffman appear on-screen together -- it's a really enjoyable movie. 
good The history that's here is worth knowing, and Hanks, Roberts, Hoffman and Nichols make those Beat-the-Russkies '80s seem like a party. 
very_good It's a mystery why Reagan didn't stop spinning in his grave long enough to incinerate all prints of this propaganda with his lie-destroying eye lasers. 
good ...comes as a decided relief after a fall of clumsy, heavy-handed Iraq war dramas. 
good Sterling entertainment punched across with enough glitz to sell it but not too much to bury it. 
very_good Mike Nichols' cheeky film about the Texas Congressman who helped fund the Afghan army tells one side of an important story. And it tells it well, thanks to an A-list cast and Aaron Sorkin's typically zingy script. 
bad A snappy political satire about a Texas Congressman and his efforts to win the Cold War by defeating the Russians in Afghanistan in the 1980s. 
good Ultimately it's a film that understands that it's OK to insert a little T&A into the political discourse. 
bad Just because a politically savvy satire has an eloquent tongue in its cheek doesn't mean the message won't seem painfully obvious. 
fair A pleasant enough film, but I simply didn't see what all the awards talk is about. 
very_good There's a stinger in the tail of the story when the happy ending it reaches is no ending at all, but is instead a step on the road to the present day. 
good Perhaps a better way to remember these two colorful characters ... is with a little gem by Gust: 'What brought us together was chasing pussy and killing communists.' 
very_good With its rapid pace, smart screenplay, and top-notch acting, this is one of the 2007 Oscar season's most appealing and compelling adult motion pictures. 
bad As for the nuts-and-bolts of political strategy, Nichols navigates them as prosaically as he did in his last treatment of a sybaritic pol, the trivial Primary Colors. 
very_good Another war film, with an exception, this one is Entertaining! I applaud Aaron Sorkin!!! 
good This is certainly the most dynamic of the war films that have been choking and dying at the multiplex. 
good In Mike Nichols' smart satire of US engagement with the Middle East, history is shown to repeat itself as both tragedy and farce. 
good Lively and enlightening, this truth-is-stranger-than-fiction caper takes an ironic, satirical, even shallow tone. 
best Nichols has all cylinders cooking with this stuff, especially with the flow of zingers by Sporkin delivered in rapid fire exquisiteness of expression. 
fair Call it Afghanishtar. So strange that Democrats are shown killing Commies--not calling for sanctions against them or filing motions in the U.N. 
bad Performances from Hoffman and Hanks are so strong that, almost in spite of itself, Charlie Wilson's War is worth a look. 
good As gripping as anything Hollywood could churn out. 
good This is a compelling story. 
fair You can't help wondering whether less telling and more showing would have served this film and its politics better. 
very_bad The prognosis is not good 
good Suspenseful entertainment -- but it's also a suitably chilling cautionary tale. 
terrible ...pure lunacy... 
bad While it's hardly genre-changing, this is a nice dose of fun, family entertainment. 
very_bad Everything about this "Race" comes off as a cheap also-ran, with little of that ol' Disney magic anywhere to be found. 
bad Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare: Cute, precocious children are protected by a world-weary, wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound. 
fair A reasonably satisfying family film that updates things while staying true to the adventurous, sci-fi spirit of the originals. 
very_bad If it's possible for a movie to be agressively bland, Race to Witch Mountain is that movie. [Blu-ray] 
bad ...suffers from a pervasively stagnant atmosphere that effectively drains the energy right out of its high-octane moments... 
bad Race with your kids to see it. 
bad Race to Witch Mountain is the first kids' film in ages to have action beats that measure up to Hollywood's grownup action fare. 
bad In 35 years, people probably will have forgotten 'Race to Witch Mountain' the way my generation has amnesia when it comes to its 1975 predecessor 'Escape to Witch Mountain.' 
bad Johnson holds his own against the cute wunderkinder, but nobody's a match for the f/x onslaught of the noisy climax. 
bad This kids' adventure from Disney is amiable with nice performances. 
terrible The result is a disappointingly unadventurous adventure, with characters and events that never involve us. 
bad There are decent special effects, and Johnson can play it tough while also being a kid-friendly presence. 
very_bad Cue a not very dazzling chase movie. 
bad Family audiences in search of Easter entertainment will not feel disappointed by what is basically one long chase and the film will make a great theme-park ride. 
terrible This surely has to be the last of the series. 
bad The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here, with beefed-up action, hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix. 
bad In the long run, one would be advised to walk slowly and sluggishly, not race hurriedly, to the so-called new and improved findings at weak-kneed Witch Mountain. 
bad Once the action gets going, it's easy to forget that the plot has left for the planet La-La and just enjoy the fun. 
bad An unexpectedly entertaining mixture of good, clean Disney fun with some rather more modern action scenes, lent charm by Johnson's natural swagger. One of the better family films in a while. 
very_bad It's pacy all right, but glib and uninvolving for grown-ups, though perhaps furnished with enough in the way of spaceships, lasers and digital explosions to pacify undemanding little 'uns of an afternoon. 
bad It's a rattling good chase movie. The young aliens have useful tricks. Johnson is the contractual comic liability. Perfect holiday nonsense. 
bad Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences, some adult-pleasing comic one-liners. 
very_bad Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi. Its themes are predictable and its look generic: this is one Race you may want to sit out. 
bad One minute Seth is solid enough to stop a speeding 4x4, next he's panicking over an approaching UFO. Such cheating robs the film of tension: we need to know limits to start caring. 
bad While this isn't a bad film, it's a touch too dry and maybe even a bit too slow for it to be the rush it should be. 
bad Race proves a fun, snappy update to a goofy kiddie cult film. 
very_bad The cast of Race to Witch Mountain do their best, but they're let down by some poor effects and a lazy script. 
bad This completely revamped action movie is enjoyably watchable, even though there's not a moment of suspense in its squeaky clean plot. 
good A gleeful throwback to the era of Disney's '70s live-action movies that aimed only to offer good clean fun. 
good [The Rock's] skill at making the transformation from an "aliens are all around us" skeptic to a true believer is the rock solid foundation [for] this delightful kids' flick. 
bad If only they had told that Predator dude to go back to the right set . . . . 
terrible Some kids might like "Race to Witch Mountain." But more discerning kids might not. 
bad AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig are fine, but this 'X Files' for small fry has about as much heft as a bubble of swamp gas. 
fair a decent and at times entertaining bit of kid-centric fantastical escapism that alternates its hectic chase sequences and special effects spectacle with comedy involving government conspiracies and a geeky sci-fi convention. 
very_bad Writers Matt Lopez and Mark Bomback, with director Andy Fickman, have seasoned this empty-calorie feast for easy digestion. 
fair 'Witch Mountain' has heart, humor and a touch of magic. 
fair Despite its obvious contrivances, it's cornball sci-fi fun. 
fair This new version may appeal to the target audience of young kids, but for adults, it's a bit of a slog to get through. 
bad By the numbers Disney flick; okay for kids but bland for adults 
bad Race to Witch Mountain finds new ground that makes it fun and suitable for young children 
good Saves its best for last and emerges as an enjoyable and competent bit of family entertainment. 
bad Dwayne Johnson shines alongside rising star AnnaSophia Robb, but the film's cookie-cutter plot and adolescent script make Witch Mountain hardly worth racing to. 
bad While this film may not qualify as classic science-fiction and takes some liberties with author Alexander Key's material, at least it's fun. 
terrible The original is at least kitschy fun. So rent that before you even think about spending $40 for the family to see this. 
very_bad Witch Mountain isn't nearly as soulless or crass as other recent Disney remakes, but it's definitely louder. 
bad Race to Witch Mountain holds no surprises (even granting that it's a remake). 
very_bad Witch Mountain isn't escapism but a feature-length reminder that things are bad all over. 
good ... exactly as advertised: a sci-fi race to save the aliens and save the world (while dropping plenty of hints for a potential sequel and franchise). 
fair Dwayne Johnson's Race to Witch Mountain plays out like a kiddie franchise starter kit. 
bad ...certainly not in the E.T.bracket. 
good Though this is squeaky clean and one you can be totally comfortable taking kids to see, it needs the comic relief of a funny sidekick and some humor. 
bad A fun, heart-racing adventure. This one has it all. 
fair If you're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies, you're going to be sorely disappointed. However, this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family. 
very_bad If Disney insists on raiding its own vaults for remakes, maybe they'll have better luck with The Laser-Vision, Missile-Launching, Face-Shredding Cat from Outer Space. 
bad Sci-fi remake is action packed and intense for a PG film. 
good An action movie for kids that adults should have no problem sitting through. 
terrible Wow, when Disney misses the 'reimagining' mark, it really misses. 
bad The head-cracking, explosions and gunplay eventually get out of hand, considering that, revamp or no revamp, Witch Mountain is still a Disney film aimed squarely at kids. 
bad proves that some remakes can be just as entertaining if not more so, than the original. 
bad This is not a story that cries out to be remade every 15-20 years. And, while the special effects and acting are getting better, the story isn't. 
bad For all that energy, the film never really goes into orbit. 
terrible Bears all the signs of having been composed by an inferior race of alien screenwriters from the Hackulon System. 
fair A fast and furious wild ride of a movie in which the good guys are good, the bad guys are good and the car chases are pretty spectacular. 
bad Director Andy Fickman does an OK job of keeping all the balls in the air, though when it comes to loud but bloodless action, he's all thumbs. 
fair Race To Witch Mountain is fast and furious and the action is bound to please children, who are the target audience. 
good It's a fast, funny, frightening and family-friendly movie, an affectionate tribute to the original, and a vintage thrill ride enhanced by modern visual trickery, crazy characters -- and a soupcon of skepticism. 
bad A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney's latest: Race to Witch Mountain. 
bad Although Race to Witch Mountain is about space travelers, little soars here. The film is so by-the-book (and we don't mean Key's 1968 novel) that it's hard to recount it without reverting to blahblahblah. 
good The result may not be a diamond in the rough, but it is a nice, shiny zircon. 
bad .... if Fickman's sole mission was to create a film that will keep children thoroughly enthralled, then it's safe to say he easily achieved his goal. 
terrible As much I disliked Disney's excuse to make more money, I now know that Nationwide is on my side. The product placement is atrocious. 
very_bad A movie with plenty of action, and not much story 
bad Modest and diverting, rough and bland, with some good (if not quite Bette Davis caliber) actors and so-so special effects. 
very_bad ...a film so incompetently directed and poorly written that it insults kids' intelligence, much less the adults who brought them. 
bad Kids will want to root for their alien counterparts on screen. But they are second fiddle to the Rock wracking it up. 
very_bad A slick but pointless work that will probably do well for a weekend or two but which will quickly fade from memory even as the original continues to attract new legions of fans. 
bad a textbook "crowd pleaser," a movie made to really resonate with the lowest common denominators in the demographic 
bad While Escape was superior in story, Race does commit to an impressive scope. 
fair Race to Witch Mountain is a satisfying snack of a family adventure. It doesn't condescend to youngsters or shortchange adults. 
very_bad This is not a movie. It's a coming attraction for a theme park. 
fair Mediocre family fare that's simply not that much fun. 
bad Race to Witch Mountain" is made for kids, with a mix of family-friendly thrills and conspiracy mythos and special-effects action ... think of it as "The PG Files." 
bad Given enough popcorn, kids should find it diverting; adults may be less than enthralled. 
fair It's all fairly enjoyable, but also predictable and occasionally corny. 
very_bad A flavorless sci-fi family picture that fools itself into thinking it is more grandiose than it is. Has all the thrills of a race between a slug and a hermit crab. 
bad The film doesn't really have a plot. It's more of a premise, cartoonishly executed. 
bad ...while "Race to Witch Mountain" rarely rises above the functional, either as storytelling or as visual kinetics, it moves like it means it and keeps Johnson front and center, either fuming or sputtering. 
bad More like a pile of small, strange rocks that somehow landed in the same hole. 
very_bad Instead of the next Schwarzenegger the Rock is the next Guttenberg and we have Disney to thank for it. 
fair This is a fun movie, but Disney was wise to cut it off at 98 minutes. More would have been too much. 
bad The story, acting and dialogue somehow came out weaker and creakier than before. 
fair Since Seth and Sara only appropriated the bodies of human teenagers, I was left with a couple of questions. 
bad It's a pleasant-enough diversion. Who knows, maybe the sequel will improve on this. Because from the looks of things at the end, there's bound to be one. 
very_bad Unfortunately, there's simply no way to take something that was once fresh and transform it into a referential collage of all that followed without caving to every imaginable genre cliche in the Hollywood playbook. 
bad 0.5 
bad an allegorical commentary (from a non-American director) on the United States, all lost at sea and at odds with itself now that it is under the steerage of an incompetent and deceitful helmsman. 
very_bad lot like, well, treading water 
very_bad Adrift becomes exactly the sort of DTV sequel we so very often ignore. 
very_bad Adrift has its moments but it's a frustrating film in many ways and doesn't really work as a thriller unless you're a confirmed hydrophobic. If people meeting unfortunate watery ends is your thing then rent Open Water instead. 
good ...genuinely tense... 
good A labor of love sheathed in the shabby clothes of hate. 
good Rob Zombie semble desormais posseder tous les attributs necessaires pour en devenir l'un des artisans les plus importants de sa generation 
good Interessante ao propor uma inversao de papeis entre algozes e vitimas, exibe uma seguranca tal em sua narrativa que chega a surpreender que tenha sido dirigido pelo mesmo Zombie do pessimo filme original. 
good ...it's best to quote Captain Spaulding himself. "You like blood? Violence? Freaks of nature?" Then you're going to be satisfied by Rejects. 
bad It's an exceptionally well-done sophomore effort from a man who made one of the worst movies I've ever seen. That's a pretty decent accomplishment. 
bad As the body count rises, The Devil's Rejects tries hard to stay funny and nasty, but the effort shows... 
fair A damn fine '70s homage flick with a Western-horror touch that you won't find in many movies nowadays. 
terrible A sickening, socially-irresponsible glorification of depraved and sadistic behavior...The worst film of 2005. 
good One of the best, most chilling slasher films ever! 
bad Has its articulate moments but for the most part Rob Zombie's grisly, nasty 'Devils Rejects is mostly just grisly (and nasty). 
terrible The family that slays together... stays together. If you like movies about redneck psycho serial killer families and don't mind a LOT of profanity, this is for you. 
very_good one disorientingly demented trip through the terrain of 1970s outlaw grindhouse. 
bad Not for the faint of stomach and definitely won't appeal to everyone but it's worth seeing if you like this sort of thing. 
good Lynyrd Skynyrds 'Freebird' will never be the same again. 
good Much of its aesthetic is recycled, but Zombie uses such grabby devices as slow motion, freeze frames, and burned-out grainy film stock with such flair and intensity that it rachets the whole endeavor up an extra notch. 
terrible It's like having excrement thrown in your face at a GG Allin concert. 
good [A] catalogue of loving references to lowlife gore films of the past ... all-encompassing sarcasm and general screw-you attitude lift (or sink) the movie to another level. 
bad While nailing the style and look, Zombie proves that the substance of The Devil's Rejects belongs in a film school course on 70's horror. 
terrible . 
terrible We're supposed to feel bad for these people, as they didn't do anything so horrible, just tortured, killed and dismembered a few dozen innocent people., right? 
good It's not a perfect picture, but the overall effect is incredibly satisfying. 
good Indefensible on a moral level, Rob Zombie's perversely watchable follow-up to his much-reviled cult hit House of 1000 Corpses is loaded with filmmaking energy. 
fair The results are for seasoned -- even hardened -- horror-movie fans only; anyone else need not apply. 
good Casts light on what it is about the way we are that make wickedness so damnably attractive. 
terrible I have come close to walking out on four movies in my 18 years of reviewing. "The Devil's Rejects" is one of them. 
bad A hardcore horror film that will appall as much as entertain, The Devil's Rejects is both impressive and repugnant. 
good Rob Zombie has taken a form of filmmaking that was of questionable repute and elevated it by putting the pieces together better than most of the form's original practitioners. 
fair The year's most viciously entertaining psycho-road- movie-revenge- 'n'-wreckage- romance. 
bad A twisted cross between The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Natural Born Killers, with some pseudo Bonnie and Clyde sentiments thrown in. 
good If Tarantino's first film was an homage to '70s grindhouse horror films instead of Reservoir Dogs, he probably would have made this picture. 
terrible The only conceivable way this toxic heap could benefit mankind is if every print were melted down and had its celluloid content rendered into guitar picks. 
bad Gore hounds will love it, this is the genre at the top of its game, but there's not much here for the rest of us. 
fair Yes, The Devil's Rejects had me squirming in my seat and looking to darkened corners of the theater for respite from the on-screen violence, but so what? 
bad Despite the cliches and the profanity, there are some hilariously wicked moments. 
fair Smells of expired milk, impacts like a deer hitting your car, and tastes of moldy pizza. I don't think Rob Zombie would have it any other way. 
fair In a league of classic films that are legendary for how disconcerting they are. 
very_bad Thirty years ago this would have been dismissed as drive-in fare and, frankly, it's not much more than that today. 
bad One of a handful of sequels that both improve on their sources and play perfectly as stand-alones. 
good If one is hip to the references (and, proudly or not, I am), it's amazing to see how precisely the metal-punk- turned-moviemaker Zombie channels the gleefully nihilistic tone and even the low-budget bleached-out quality of his disreputable inspirations. 
bad Despite some giddy humor and a soundtrack of '70s Top-40 hits, this is 'entertainment' for sociopaths, occasionally effective but impossible to recommend with a clear conscience. 
good The first 15 minutes and last half hour are terrific, and the stunningly violent middle part is only a partial waste. 
terrible The Devil's Rejects doesn't just deserve to be rejected, but to be buried in a hole so dank that no one will discover it. 
terrible Hear this futile plea: Look in the mirror, Zombie. Show some class. Making people sick is no way to make a name for yourself. Even a fake name. 
fair Zombie looks beyond the horror genre for influence and creates a film that doesn't exactly shatter expectations but at least sidesteps them with some degree of verve. 
very_bad Despite its nearly nonstop torrent of gore, The Devil's Rejects is not really a horror film. It's a compendium of tributes and references to horror films of the past. 
very_bad ...belongs to that perversely misogynistic subgenre of horror films that believes the only thing better than a nude woman is a dead nude woman. 
very_good This is a perfect B-movie, full of wicked dread. 
bad The movie features some of the ugliest people and most disgusting behavior this side of I Spit on Your Grave. 
terrible Zombie doesn't appear to have any other goals besides assaulting the viewer with gore and callousness. 
fair Rob Zombie is improving as a filmmaker. Maybe someday he'll outgrow his extended adolescence, too. 
terrible If The Sun allowed me to give a star rating of less than zero, this one would earn a minus-infinity. It is that stupid, that vile, that violent, that hateful, that disgusting, that dangerous. 
very_bad If we're supposed to hang out with these creeps in order, eventually, to like them, well, we don't. 
fair Rob Zombie proves he's a filmmaker to be taken seriously -- or at least not to be considered a total joke -- but he still hasn't figured out how to fashion something more than the sum of his enthusiasms. 
fair Much better than the cinematic cesspool of substandard 70s horror remakes we've been seeing lately. 
terrible Robert Cummings (OK, trick or treaters, sorry; it's ROB ZOMBIE) has officially become the Jerry Springer of the horror movie set. 
very_good ... For those who can stomach the violence, it is destined to become a classic. 
terrible A reprehensible and loathsome journey of excess...any redeeming value is well hidden. 
good an exhilaratingly sick joke 
terrible Crass, vacuous exercise in grind-house stylistics. 
bad A little of this will go a long way, and besides, who wants to see someone torturing Three's Company's Priscilla Barnes in a roach motel? 
terrible Irredeemable trash, plain and simple, gratuitously violent and sadistic and aimed at people who derive entertainment from watching other human beings suffer. 
fair Horror-punk, outlaw entertainment, an exploitation pic with a '70s aesthetic and endless scenarios of white-trash unpleasantness....[not for] Merchant-Ivory fans. 
bad Beyond the sheer creativity of Zombie's sick imagination, there's little pleasure to be found in a movie of this nature. 
good It is possible to be repulsed by The Devil's Rejects while acknowledging it as an effective, high-quality piece of work. 
good A kind of heedless zeal transforms its horrors. The movie is not merely disgusting, but has an attitude and a subversive sense of humor. 
good Horror fans will find what they're looking for. 
very_good One nasty, brilliantly constructed scene after another. 
bad There is no anchor to this madness. The authorities are just as psychotic and sadistic as the villains. Everyone on TV is a polyester buffoon. 
fair The salt-baked, smoke-cured dialogue makes up for a lot, especially as it's delivered by such canny veterans as Lewis, Haig and Forsythe, who's savoring his meaty caricature of a bent lawman. 
best It is grim, unrelenting and savage, and it is destined to become a genre classic. After seeing this one, you won't just lock your doors, you'll nail planks over your windows. 
bad While [the film] does contain a number of genuinely creepy moments...Zombie bogs things down with a plethora of broadly-played, overly wacky supporting characters. 
terrible Offensively inhuman, uninspired and cruelly unoriginal. 
good The Devil's Rejects is meanspirited, graphic, and bubbling over in ultra-realistic viscera, but it isn't without sociological merit. 
very_bad I'm all for horror fans having their go at the genre and paying respect to the classics - but affection doesn't equal execution. 
very_good A gloriously wicked psychobilly thriller that unfolds like a crystal meth soaked drive-in movie nightmare. 
bad Zombie has made a film not so much out of reverence for the images that shaped his youth but out of fear that he may never get to make another one ever again. 
best A wild, grittily authentic, nihilistic jaw-dropper of a film! 
bad The Devil's Rejects plays out like the kind of film everyone thought House was gonna be - a retrofied, nasty horror homage. 
bad The kaleidoscopic fun-house atmosphere of Corpses is gone, replaced by a more gritty, less inventive approach. 
terrible This is a violent, body-strewn road movie. And unless you're a fan of this kind of camp viciousness, it's pretty unbearable. 
terrible Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure. 
terrible Ned Kelly suggests that not only do you not need anything of interest to watch, but you don't even need to see it at all. 
very_bad Ultimately, Jordan's vision is so murky that Ned Kelly remains as foreign to us as wombat stew. 
bad A ride that doesn't take us far enough. 
bad Details such as the film's stark Victoria locations and the clunky suits of steel armor the Kellys fashion for the climactic showdown root things in a distinctive time and place, allowing viewers to experience the familiar storyline in a fresh way. 
very_bad This is a traditional western, not a great one... 
terrible A leaden retelling of the legend of Australia's Jesse James that has understandably been sitting on the shelf for a couple of years. 
fair A handsome, action-packed biographical drama with a credibility gap wider than the screen. 
fair Ledger, talking into his chest for much of the film in an apparent effort to lend gravity to his performance, is pretty stiff, but so is Jordan's direction. 
fair This handsomely produced historical drama never fully engages your attention. 
bad To get swept up by the hagiographic treatment and to be all that interested in every nuance of this fellow's development, one might really need to be Australian. 
bad Jordan's nightmarish vision of the Australian landscape is vividly haunting. 
very_bad It just couldn't get any duller. 
bad Heath Ledger makes this good guy gone bad seem worthy of his legendary status - he makes it easy to root for the outlaws. 
fair The production is always engaging, always compelling, but to what end? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark? The film doesn't say. 
fair Jordan stages the action scenes with energy and aplomb; when his heroes dive headlong into mythology, they do it with gusto and plenty of ammunition. 
bad Monotonous and drags toward the end. 
very_bad There is a potent national epic struggling to find expression here, but this movie is too rushed and fragmented to do it justice. 
very_bad A highly formal and conventional film that is too often merely ponderous when it should be stirring. 
very_bad starts off as predictable but enjoyable nonsense and goes so thoroughly off the rails, 
fair Begs for deeper answers, but never provides them. 
very_bad Think Braveheart Down Under-an impossibly masturbatory, unilateral act of hero worship. 
bad An unkempt, enjoyable retelling of the life story of an Australian legend. 
fair It's an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances. 
fair At last! A feature film about Australia's greatest outlaw and folk hero that, while not reaching five-star status, all Australians can be proud of. 
fair an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances..Ledger is fantastic as Kelly 
bad Much like the film itself, the actress wears her heart on her sleeve then wipes her runny nose on it, offering the viewer all the human poetry of heartache, and all the goofy comedy of getting over it. 
very_good It's a lovely effort from the Haligonian director Andrea Dorfman - hers is an offbeat, human story that addresses personal risks and life decisions. 
very_good ...a slightly erratic yet wholeheartedly engrossing little drama... 
very_bad Heartbeat is too aimless to keep our attention and loaded with so many quirky touches - fluttering animation, twee music over montages of Justine staring, lovelorn, at books and photographs - that it becomes distractingly cute. 
very_bad This routine video-game spinoff borrows heavily from James Cameron action flicks and George Romero zombie epics but doesn't do much else. 
fair This adaptation captures the spirit of the video games and with its fun, anything can happen mindset and tons of over the top violence, 'Resident Evil' proves there may be a future for video game movies yet. 
very_bad An ultra-gory video game-to-movie disappointment. 
bad The overblown action and cheapo effects become as relentless as the undead. 
bad This video-game-to-celluloid adaptation has a clammy, nightmarish glaze and tightly coiled sense of tension. 
bad here are times when RESIDENT EVIL looks unfinished or below its potential 
terrible So bad it can't even steal effectively from good movies that came before. 
fair ... The Night of the Living Dead for the 21st century. 
good In the category of zombie movies, this is top shelf. 
bad Don't expect Aliens but don't resign yourself to Ghosts of Mars either. 
terrible Barbequed Doggie Zombies. If your heart just skipped a beat and you find yourself atingle with anticipation, then I wish you good luck and Godspeed and there's no need for you to read further 
very_bad Game fans will be disappointed. Zombie fans will be disappointed. Paul Anderson's fan will be disappointed. 
good The only real "cerebral" activity that should take place in a zombie movie is the consumption of brains by the heretofore mentioned zombies themselves. 
terrible ...The latest proof that trying to adapt a film from a video game is a bad idea. 
good Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez kick zombie butt in this faithful, action-packed adaptation of the popular survival horror video game. 
bad I'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film. 
very_bad Disappointing horror flick, with only the Zombie Dogs and Jovovich's skimpy zombie-busting attire to recommend it. 
fair It was fun and I got what I wanted ? that seems to happen less and less these days in the cinema, we should take all we can get. 
very_good It works well enough, since the thrills pop up frequently, and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory. 
terrible So lifeless, pointless and dank that it manages the amazing feat of making the undead seem boring. 
fair On its own terms, Resident Evil updates the zombie genre with an anti-corporate message while still scaring its audience and providing heart-pounding action. 
bad Certainly not a good movie, but it wasn't horrible either. 
bad When the dead come back to life and start chewing on the living it all comes flooding back. These heroes should have remembered "Dawn of the Dead" 
bad Anderson ... has enough sense not to let the pace flag for a second, filling the screen with ravenous flesh-eaters, explosions and special effects. 
good Resident Evil es un videogame llevado a la pantalla y que pese a lo que digan, es la adaptacion mas fiel que se haya realizado en este rubro. 
good Resident Evil is a rabid zombie thriller that splatters on the screen with gruesome joy. Intense, loud and fast-paced, this is the best video game-turned-movie ever. 
very_bad One of the better shoot 'em up games in computing history comes to the big screen in a way that is not only near unrecognisable, but also one of the most disappointing adaptations of a game ever. 
terrible A dumb, mean-spirited movie based on a dumb, mean-spirited video game. 
terrible Loud, grisly, action-packed and profoundly un-scary. 
terrible A zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless, lifeless, meandering, loud, painful, obnoxious. 
terrible [There's] nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects. 
good ... the current culmination of everything (Paul Anderson's) done to date... the results are pure cinematic fun. 
very_bad The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid. 
terrible The credits list the film as being "written and directed" by Paul W.S. Anderson. "Programmed by" would be a more accurate credit. 
very_bad Just think that you could have sacrificed ten quarters to play Resident Evil the video game instead of coughing up ten bucks to witness the monotonous Resident Evil the movie. 
bad I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon. I also believe that Resident Evil is not it. 
very_bad essentially a futuristic Night of the Living Dead without the social commentary, pacing, or interesting characters 
very_bad I feel qualified to report that the game itself is more exciting and, just as important, much cheaper to sample. 
bad Is this the future of horror or just some bizarre fluke? Don't ask me, I'm having too much fun to care. 
bad Quasi-evil - to quote Dr. Evil 
good Just a good old fashioned time at the cinema, but check your brain at the door. 
very_bad Devolves into the derivative, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects. 
terrible I would say that chaos ensues, but it started the minute the opening credits started to roll, so 'ensuing' is not very helpful. Chaos reigns. 
very_bad ...nothing more than an endless festival of blood and gore, masquerading under the guise of a gritty modern science fiction fable. 
bad An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus. If only there were one for this kind of movie. 
very_bad While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills, suspense, and gore for video games, the movie really only succeeds in the third of these. 
terrible Director Paul W.S. Anderson's cinematic style can be summed up in two words: 'ooh' and 'ick.' 
terrible Dumbed-down, lowest-common-denominator filmmaker with...no scares to be had. 
bad Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper. 
good Resident Evil is not a cautionary tale about scientific experiments gone awry; clearly, it's meant to be a blood-spattered, shoot 'em up, slice 'em and dice 'em, horror sci-fi popcorn flick to the nth degree. 
terrible It all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer. 
terrible A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches. 
fair It's spooky, suspenseful and jump-out-of-your-seat scary. 
good The best video-game-based movie so far. 
terrible The only noticeable Resident Evil on display here is the lack of creativity in the minds of the filmmakers. 
good The action in Resident Evil is like watching demons from the repressed unconscious break loose and attack the ego. 
bad If anyone could do justice to the hugely popular Resident Evil series ... it's Anderson. 
bad Movies based on video games are shallow, obvious and one-dimensional. 
bad Delivers a knockout punch for teens and/or game fans but may repulse or bore everybody else. 
very_bad Began life as a computer game, then morphed into a movie -- a bad one, of course. 
bad Never having played it, all I saw on screen were a lot of ideas stolen from Aliens, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Alice in Wonderland, The Matrix and George Romero's Living Dead movies. 
bad Fans of the game and the genre will be disappointed with the lack of gore ... and everyone else will find what plot there is confusing and boring. 
terrible The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars, with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second. 
terrible A video game cum movie that substitutes shrieking decibel levels for a coherent plot and any resemblance to originality. 
bad Finally, a sit-on-the-edge-of-your-seat thriller that, though slightly by the numbers, made you jump on more than one occasion. 
terrible The most depressing thing about Resident Evil -- and there are many, trust me -- is seeing the promising star of Girlfight reduced to a direct-to-video movie cliche. 
terrible Anderson apparently doesn't understand how to scare an audience. 
terrible Resident Evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV, sugar hysteria, and PlayStation cocktail. 
very_bad Handsome and sometimes creepy, but formulaic in the extreme. 
terrible All Ms. Jovovich, as the sanctified heroine, has to do is look radiant, grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors, wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters. 
terrible Even in the dubious genre of movies based on video games, Resident Evil is an abomination. 
terrible Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings. In other words, about as bad a film you're likely to see all year. 
good It delivers action, comedy and intensity charged with jolts of terrifying scary fun. 
bad This is an arcade game, designed to deliver thrills and chills. This is does. 
terrible What will, most likely, turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002. 
good An energetic, violent movie with a momentum that never lets up. 
very_good Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power. 
good Though it may damage my credibility as a respectable movie critic, I'll proudly list Resident Evil on my list of this year's guilty pleasures. 
bad Mostly, the movie is filled with scenes where the soldier people argue until somebody says, 'What's that sound?,' and then some horrible monster comes out and tries to eat them. 
very_bad Paul Anderson, the director of such previous sci-fi turkeys as Event Horizon, Soldier and Mortal Combat, is back again with another loud, over-the-top picture. 
fair Resident Evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless. 
very_bad Brrrrrr....As scary as a ride though the Coney Island funhouse. 
bad The special effects for this film were pretty bad. 
fair The bottom line is that I munched on my nachos with my eyes glued to the screen and had a blast! Nothing wrong with that. 
terrible It's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie, but Resident Evil really earned my indignant, preemptive departure. 
very_bad Unless you find the idea of killer mummy wraps particularly frightening, chances are you'll find this direct-to-vid thriller as ridiculous as I did. 
bad Not bad but poor CGI muffles the scares. 
fair Rana's Wedding serves as a strong reminder of the difficulties the people of Jerusalem face every day. 
very_good So clearly a product of our collective kingdom of frustration and rubble, that she can't help but give voice to a universal howl. 
good This wedding film is no stale confection. 
good Gentle, tumultuous coming-of- age-in-a-day story. 
good The movie is passable as a story but fascinating as a document. 
good As Rana, Khoury gives the film a sympathetic center, but also a maddening one. 
bad Effectively conveys the fears and frustrations of Palestinians struggling in a country that treats them as the enemy. 
good Director Hany Abu-Assad makes delightful use of time, stretching out the action over the course of one day. 
best A bittersweet film that tells the story of Palestinian life as eloquently as anything ever done. 
good Vibrant filmmaking that manages to deliver pertinent news about life under occupation. 
bad Khoury may be a few years too old to play a minor still squirming under her father's thumb, but her performance as a timid young woman who finds strength while looking for a husband is quite affecting. 
good A small gem. 
fair Ms. Khoury, often filmed in close-up, gives a deeply sensitive, unsentimental performance. 
good Excellent acting, and a plot that combines suspense, whimsy, and political resonance make this Palestinian comedy-drama an unusual treat. 
best Excellent drama, and perhaps the dawn of a new era in Palestinian filmmaking. 
very_good The final scene packs a huge impact. Simple but surprising, intensely personal and yet symbolic of the greater Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the film is as eloquent a statement as can be made on war, peace and humanity in Israel. 
bad A perfectly ordinary, unexceptionally satisfactory film... does a fine job with the mechanics of the plot, but it whiffs a bit on the characters. 
fair Rather than rise, this story cools off, fading away into unconvincing, accidental tragedy and an attempted emotional coda that feels more stapled on than woven in. 
bad The film is worth watching just to see Isaac's performance grow through the final third: as misery, grief, and hate fuse together in a tumultuous, hopeless climax. 
very_good Any subtext is derived from the shades of Isaac and Mortensen's performances, playing men forced into an uneasy alliance. 
good The Two Faces of January is a stylish and riveting thriller full of suspense where the boundaries of the deranged fragments of the mind are pushed beyond their breaking point. 
fair Amini is perhaps too intent on producing a film whose elegance outweighs its horrors, and as a result The Two Faces of January never fully delves into the hearts of darkness clearly beating beneath its mannered surface. 
bad At a certain point, it's akin to reading a mediocre murder mystery. You finish it because you're too far in to quit, as opposed to actually caring how things wrap up. 
bad A sumptuous film to watch. Humphrey Bogart would have loved the men's clothes, Dunst recalls the golden age of individual Hollywood actresses and the sun-baked locations are so dry you'll thirst for a summer drink. 
very_good Amini... has a playful darkness that jibes with Highsmith's sensibilities. 
very_good Everything about The Two Faces of January is right, even as the events it describes - a couple's idyllic Grecian holiday, a charming American's adventures abroad - go terribly wrong. 
good Things get awfully twisted under that hot Mediterranean sun. 
bad A talented cast, but they all smolder and never ignite. 
good A stylish directorial debut for screenwriter Hossein Amini. 
good It follows three people, all of them flawed and under pressure, and keeps the audience in sympathy with all three. It's some kind of feat to place three people in conflict and have the audience wish the best for each of them. 
good It may not quite capture the tone and the dread of the Master of Suspense's work, but it's not too far off, and it stands out from the rest of the pack as much for what it doesn't do as for what it does. 
bad Though not as talented or as sophisticated as Mr. Ripley, there's still enough substance and period style to the Two Faces of January. 
bad It offers a lesson in crafting antiheroic characters. We don't have to identify with them, but we at least need to be intrigued. 
bad Stylish thriller set in '60s Greece has drinking, smoking. 
bad There are no jolting twists or shocking reveals. The reward lies mostly in accepting each character on his or her terms. 
good This is one of Mortensen's best performances, and "The Two Faces of January" is one gorgeously rendered old-school feature. 
good ...an atmospheric, scintillating tale of intrigue that would have been right at home in the 1940s when they made movies like this, despite an ending that doesn't live up to the rest of the movie. 
bad Starts strong, but finishes sloppy. 
good Perfectly fine - as chilly as a cold platter of octopus salad, as bracing as a shot of ouzo. 
bad It's a passion project, but you don't really sense a lot of passion on display. It's more like a job well done - a clean, efficient, old school thriller that could have come out when the source was published. 
good Is the film too old-school for short attention spans? Maybe. Rest assured that Amini's shuddery endgame is well worth the wait. 
bad An intriguing diversion - a not always successful one, but a relatively decent potboiler nonetheless. 
fair It lives or dies on its ending, and the final minutes here don't jibe with the rest of the film's cat-and-cat game. 
fair Color it mesmerizing. 
fair Hossein Amini's edits and sequences are engineered for narrative efficiency, often at the expense of thematic or affectual aims. 
best This is that rare movie that's way ahead of the viewer instead of the other way around. In terms of what it sets out to do, and does, there's nothing missing. 
bad Amini demonstrates considerable skill both with actors and with the camera, giving the film a pungent balance of visual elegance and moral seediness. 
fair Director Amini juggles the pairs with Hitchcockian aplomb. 
good Ambitious, gorgeous, even brave at times, though not always assured, Hossein Amini's beautiful and cautiously constructed thriller is an admirable piece featuring a trio of impressive performances 
bad It's the locations that give the film its most robust flavour ... the plot isn't the film's greatest attribute, but hums along reliably, next to actors, clothes and locations that do the heavy lifting. Fun and disposable. 
bad A welcome hark back to the days when mystery films were chiefly the stuff of cinema rather than TV...an absorbing, finely honed adventure. 
bad This expertly executed adaptation of a second-tier title from esteemed author Patricia Highsmith is all about making a little niggle go a long way. 
bad Structurally his script is excellent, condensing the book's plot while retaining its spirit. 
fair Amini's handling of this gripping drama makes the film intriguing even when some of the plot developments stretch the boundaries of belief, and the film boasts three very strong performances in the leading roles. 
bad Long-time screenwriter Hossein Amini (Drive) displays a degree of airy, old-fashioned elegance in his first directorial outing. 
bad A final foot chase - like much before it - attempts to recall classics like The Third Man, yet is successful only in the way that Mortensen's speed is as dubious as Orson Welles'. 
fair A tight, stylish, romantic thriller with strong characters and driving plot, The Two Faces of January is the perfect remedy for those who live on a steady diet of Hitchcock and Wilder noir's. 
good This is a taut thriller whose gaze is always focused on the progress of plot and relationships. 
fair A handsome, engrossing and classy, if not classic, throwback thriller. 
good An unhurried, louche thriller that gives way to claustrophobia as it starts to get its clammy hands around your neck. 
bad A handsomely mounted if somewhat slight affair, beautifully photographed by Marcel Zyskind, gorgeously dressed by Steven Noble, and well played by the central trio ... 
good This sun-drenched thriller is much more than a pretty picture: it's also a slow-burning story about moral compromises that worms its way under the skin. 
good Its richness lies in the complexity of its characterisation. 
bad The film at times resembles an Agatha Christie movie - the kind of classy product TV companies love to show on a snoozy Sunday afternoon. 
good Amini ... has done a splendid job of evoking Greece in the early Sixties. 
good The Two Faces Of January charts a downward spiral of death and deceit marked by bad decisions taken for all the wrong reasons. 
fair The Two Faces of January is an old fashioned thriller from the writer of Drive that despite a few missteps, is still a thoroughly fascinating directorial debut. 
bad An enjoyable, if underpowered Highsmith adaptation which is lifted by its charismatic performances. 
bad There are many attractive parts to this thriller - handsome leads, a meaty Patricia Highsmith plot, Mediterranean sunlight on cream linen suits - but it's no greater than the sum of them. 
bad By the Istanbul last act the movie has become incurably woolly and one-note-enigmatic. 
good A pleasurable throwback to the character-driven thrillers of Alfred Hitchcock, rich in atmosphere and immaculately tailored. 
bad It's beautifully shot and quietly absorbing. But the low-level tension never really threatens to bubble over. 
bad While a competently watchable affair, there's some flimsy characterisation that these fine actors can't quite embellish; Dunst in particular is saddled with an underwritten role. 
good It all makes for a thriller that balances urgent storytelling with ethical dilemmas. Now, if only someone would make a proper version of Highsmith's masterful Edith's Diary. 
bad Intelligent, stylish adaptation of a Highsmith thriller with a crack cast and superbly photographed period locations. But it misses the essential element of tension. 
good It looks and feels very familiar, but being such a lean, mean tightly-woven thriller also makes it a refreshing break from the contemporary norm. 
good A superior directorial debut for a smart, literate screenwriter delivers both first-class character drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense. 
bad Rather than feel like an actual film noir, instead it feels like a modern film imitating the genre, and as such struggles to compel in quite the way it should. 
good It's an elegantly pleasurable period thriller, a film of tidy precision and class. 
best 'Rocky Mountain Express' not only shows the Canadian Rockies in all their glory, but it also demonstrates what it's like to ride on The Empress, aka the Canadian Pacific 2816, a restored train from the 1930s. 
bad Tarzan story is a fast-paced romp with some peril. 
terrible Created with the effort it would take to cut three pages out of a magazine and stapling them together to form your own magazine. 
terrible Just when things seem like they couldn't get any worse, a couple of songs by Phil Collins and Mandy Moore remind just how deep the bottom can be. 
terrible Commercially blatant. 
very_bad The documentary skews to the scholarly side, so likely won't appeal to filmgoers who aren't at least somewhat familiar with James Joyce... 
bad Never funny enough to pass muster as a comedy and never scary enough (if at all) to make it as a horror movie. 
very_bad Given the talent involved, it's almost impressive how much of a misfire the film is. 
terrible Oh, Wes, what did we all do to deserve this? 
very_bad Is it comedy? Is it horror? Uneven film that never lives up to its potential as either. 
terrible Vampire in Brooklyn is neither funny nor frightening and comes up a tedious middle-road hybrid from veteran scaremeister Wes Craven, who directed. 
very_bad Essentially little more than a romantic triangle with a 'good versus evil' twist, it's not a bad film, but it is also neither winningly funny enough to exploit Murphy's talents nor bitingly scary enough to exploit Craven's. 
bad The horror relies on special effects so obvious that the scares are compromised. 
very_bad Murphy's pale efforts are enough to make one fondly recall Blacula. Now that was one sucker who knew how to make a film that didn't. 
bad Lightweight fun. 
bad Doesn't live up to its promise or premise. 
terrible To call this a comedy is a sign of optimism; to call it a comeback for Murphy is a sign of blind faith. 
terrible Kadeem Hardison is the best thing about this film, playing Maximillian's slowly rotting ghoul henchman. However; one has to wonder about a film where Eddie Murphy needs comic relief. 
bad They're no match, though, for the crushing disappointment of having to watch Murphy on the comic sidelines. It's like going to a Barbra Streisand concert and being asked to listen with her while the rhythm section sings. 
very_bad Neither all that scary nor all that hilarious, Vampire in Brooklyn falls directly between the two, into the valley of mediocrity. 
very_bad Murphy's performance is pretty good most of the way, but he needed a stronger director than horrormeister Wes Craven to keep him in check. 
bad A big, glossy and mostly puerile project bound to please Murphy's fans. 
good Apfel is constantly chatting to "Albert" off camera, not to us, and the affection adds an unusual meta level to Iris ... That intimacy is the movie's real subject; it'll make you feel swaddled in stylish conspiracy. 
very_good Iris's offhand irreverence is left unexplained. But the joy of Iris Apfel, and by extension of Iris, is that there's no need to dissect the enigma. 
good When she says "It's better to be happy than well-dressed," there are a lot of folks you hope get the message. 
good Traveling to vintage clothing stores from W. 27th St. to Palm Beach, Fla., Apfel creates excursions that are like time spent with your coolest, funniest and most sage aunt. Her energy and life philosophy are inspiring, and will never go out of style. 
good Iris never feigns importance as a documentary, and is all the richer for it. 
good Maysles was undoubtedly the ideal cameraman to enter Iris' life and simply observe her non-stop activity, and his visual eloquence is an understated but constant asset to "Iris." 
fair Iris isn't groundbreaking doc filmmaking, but it's amiable and jovial in a way rarely seen in the field, which tends more toward drama, trauma, and forwarding big causes. 
good A singular eccentric and fashion icon gets a nice "direct cinema" documentary profile by the late Albert Maysles. 
very_good Albert Maysles's portrait of Iris Apfel gradually emerges with cathartic clarity without compromising her inherent mystery. 
good An interest in fashion is not required to enjoy and admire this truly original character. 
good Warmly reveals Iris Apfel is more than her owlish glasses. . .Followed for a year+. . . Maysles's legendary cinema verite technique is most effective at watching her shop. 
very_bad The entire film wants to be a carbon copy of Rushmore, with the addition of dark slickness and the omission of general quality. 
fair Depending on your personal taste, the following statement may make or break Assassination for you: the movie is cute. 
very_good Brett Simon's clever high school noir debut is more Heathers than John Hughes 
good When you see Marvel happily rubbing shoulders with DC or Star Wars fans chatting to Star Trek fans it makes you proud to be a geek. 
fair Best suited to those curious about the convention and/or culture - or those who already embrace it and just want to relive the experience before the next 'Con comes. 
very_good That rare documentary that plays to the converted and uninitiated alike. 
good You don't need to collect or even care about comic books to enjoy this funny, affection valentine to nerd culture. 
fair A Fan's Hope is (appropriately) hopeful, likening the attendees whose stories it follows to comic book heroes seeking their own type of redemption. 
good A surprisingly tender look at San Diego Comic-Con... 
good It's a lot to squeeze into 86 minutes, and Spurlock pulls it all together with infectious brio, making us realize that geeks are people, too, who maybe just dream harder than the rest of us. 
fair Morgan Spurlock's documentaries are like the gateway drug for people who can get addicted to sitting in front of hours and hours of Frederick Wiseman docs, immersing themselves in very detailed worlds that lack a clear agenda. 
good "Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope" holds enormous appeal for both the geek audience and the casual viewer. 
bad There isn't a surprising moment, and it's an affirmation for hard-core fans and pretty much everyone else of William Shatner's immortal exhortation to Trekkies: "Get a life!" 
fair Rambling and scattershot, the film seems to be made expressly for the fans, not for a wider audience. 
fair Written with Mr. Spurlock's frequent collaborator Jeremy Chilnick, the film is well organized and visually snazzy and keeps enough distance from its subject that you don't feel swamped in a tide of hysterical fandom. 
good Spurlock weaves together several story lines. 
bad "A Fan's Hope" is really for those who've turned to the far side, but is ready to turn on a tractor beam for everyone else. 
fair Comic-Con doesn't even try to scratch the surface of the world's largest geek meet-up. Which is not to say it isn't enjoyable. 
very_good Insightful and often very funny. A thoroughly enjoyable documentary. 
bad Geek tribes revel in docu about massive commercial event. 
bad I guarantee if you're human you'll get it. 
fair In the end, this is a film that celebrates the San Diego Comic-Con, and the various personalities and people that attend and embrace it... 
bad An Odorama cut of Comic-Con would surely be the scariest film ever made. 
fair In 88 minutes, we get a very decent gloss on the Comic-Con experience and just what it can mean for some people. 
bad Spurlock neither conveys the appeal of this world, nor does he ever, for one minute, stand outside the phenomenon and objectively examine it. 
very_bad A loving yet scattered documentary about San Diego Comic-Con International. 
fair Comic-Con Episode IV is a valentine to an event and a group of people so in ascension they don't really need it, but it's still a pleasant thing to watch. 
good Spurlock has made a marvellous artifact, lacking only the "Odor-ama" that would make this a definitive snapshot of a modern tribe, its sometimes silly sacred relics and sacred rites. 
fair "A Fan's Hope" is a look at the annual San Diego convention that is sweetly empathetic where previous Spurlock works have been brash and confrontational. Plus, it's a lot of fun. 
very_good A surprisingly poignant perspective on the fanboy mecca and really the next best thing to being there. 
bad You won't appreciate the film fully unless you're already a member of the choir to which it's preaching. 
very_bad Morgan Spurlock has little to say about Comic-Con other than that its attendees value it on a par with Christmas. 
very_good Unquestionably Morgan Spurlock's most entertaining effort since his debut... 
fair The contemplative rigor Return brings to concepts of imagery and technology yields rewards if you're willing to work for them. 
bad Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good. 
very_good Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability. 
very_good Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray] 
good One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with. 
bad Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating. 
fair Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone. 
good Truly enchanting. 
good [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution. 
very_good If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience. 
good The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond. 
very_good What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here. 
best To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death. 
bad Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art... 
best "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber." 
good It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot. 
good Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much. 
good If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime... 
good An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next. 
good "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday. 
very_good masterful and unique 
good It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be. 
good This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating. 
best A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure. 
best The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative. 
best The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness. 
very_good Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees. 
best I have been a fan of Apichatpong Weerasethakul's for years, and his stature keeps growing. 
very_good Takes a sweet, long time to work its magic on you. 
bad full review at Movies for the Masses 
best What you see and hear always seems perfectly natural, even if you can't exactly say why. Who needs words when you have cinema? 
bad Mesmeric and meandering, Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing, and it has great qualities, but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach. 
very_bad The narrative is devoid of any conventional structure, and the pace is punishingly slow. 
bad Meaning may prove elusive, and boredom is never exactly kept at bay, but what's on screen is unique and beguiling enough to make it worth persevering. 
good A film so entrancing, original and hypnotic that the moment it finishes the immediate impulse is to watch it again. 
bad The film's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural won't appeal to the mainstream, despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation. 
good Apichatpong doesn't use his camera to stress what we should be looking at, thinking or hearing. He uses long takes and subtle edits to generate moods, atmospheres and feelings. 
best It is a total wonderwork: enchanting, bizarre, complex, original. 
good Play along with it and enjoy one of the most bizarre and original films to come out this year. 
bad A gentle trance-out and the strangest Palme d'Or winner in a while. 
very_bad Mesmeric in the way that staring at a tank of tropical fish for a couple of hours is mesmeric. Still, just the ticket if you're high, recovering from major surgery or are a cat. 
very_bad Less a Palme D'Or than a Dalme Sn'Or. 
best Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is a unique and mesmerising piece of filmmaking, but it won't be to everyone's taste. 
good Easy to eulogise but tough to explain. Funny strange, funny ha-ha and finally affecting, it's a film of poignant, quietly patient power... 
terrible There's crap, and there's pseudo-intellectual crap. Uncle Boonmee apparently falls into the latter category. 
good A beautiful, slow-moving meditation on life, death, and relationships that transcend time and space. 
bad Fascinating, hypnotic and deeply, deeply weird, Apichatpong's Palm d'Or winner is a beautifully shot Thai drama that will baffle and amaze in equal measure. 
best Shooting with an unfussy verite aesthetic, Apichatpong crafts a delicate, enveloping spell, creating a world where the intrusion of the supernatural is almost commonplace. 
best Uncle Boonmee is a delightfully original, if not entirely explicable, story of a dying Buddhist man's journey into the jungle. 
good Throughout Uncle Boonmee, Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane, from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees. 
best This is a visionary film in the director's characteristic style: mysterious, dreamlike, gentle, quiet, magical. 
best It's barely a film; more a floating world. To watch it is to feel many things -- balmed, seduced, amused, mystified. 
good A whimsical essay about the final days of a villager suffering from kidney failure it is undoubtedly one of the filmmaker's most accessible works. 
best Bogart is phenomenal as Fred C. Dobbs, a decent guy destroyed by his lust for gold, and the film itself is one of the immortals of cinema. 
good an unconventional western and a serious drama 
very_good A finely-crafted western-style character drama where greed and paranoia drive desperate men over the edge. 
best Transcends the medium to become a mandatory viewing experience for anyone that identifies themselves as a human being, period. 
best an all-time masterpiece of characterization, structure, pacing and storytelling in general 
very_good Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia. 
best This is so brilliant that the only real effect of the other versions is to make you want to watch the original again. 
best A pure classic. 
best True treasure of cinema, terrific on all counts. 
good An undeniable classic, but far from perfect. 
best The movie has never really been about gold but about character, and Bogart fearlessly makes Fred C. Dobbs into a pathetic, frightened, selfish man -- so sick we would be tempted to pity him, if he were not so undeserving of pity. 
best ... so good that writing about it is embarrassing. 
best Sierra Madre is one of the most lush black & white films ever shot. You'll never look at a gila monster the same way after seeing it slither across the sand in this film. 
very_good ...one treasure of a movie. 
best Greed, a despicable passion out of which other base ferments may spawn, is seldom treated in the movies with the frank and ironic contempt that is vividly manifested toward it in Treasure of Sierra Madre. 
best An all-time classic; Bogart wonderful, but Walter Huston steals the show; a timeless treasure not to be missed. 
good Uma fabulosa atuacao de Humphrey Bogart (completamente esquecido no Oscar daquele ano, numa das maiores injusticas que a Academia ja cometeu). 
best Arguably John Huston's greatest film, this powerful study of masculinity under pressure retains its power. 
bad Animated DVD based on popular toys has plenty of violence. 
good It's probably more historically important than it is a masterpiece (the last 20 minutes take the missed conections and misunderstandings an inch too far), but it's still very easy to fall in love with. 
bad Perhaps not the greatest of the screwball comedies, but Frank Capra's It Happened One Night is one of the racier. 
very_good Viewed even today with all of its plot elements recycled ad nauseam by Hollywood (for rom-coms, road trip comedies, odd couple/buddy films, etc.), the film still holds up because we believe Gable and Colbert and can identify with them both right away. 
best It's nearly impossible to find anyone who doesn't love it. Or doesn't feel, in some way, that it speaks to them. 
good It Happened One Night was in many ways a predecessor to the modern romantic comedy, and its dynamics will still feel familiar to the current-day viewer. 
best As buoyant and elegant as bubbles in a glass of champagne, Frank Capra's sublime 1934 comedy... survives triumphantly because of its wit, charm, romantic idealism and its shrewd sketch of married life. 
best Still one of the best screwball comedies. 
best A screwball comedy with charm and sass it established a template that countless films have followed down the decades. 
good It Happened One Night is pure delight. 
best As classy and charming a romantic comedy as you're ever likely to see... 
best Both stars loathed the experience yet turned in two of their most enduring performances. 
best An old school classic. 
fair The story of a runaway heiress falling in with a devilish, wise-cracking reporter on a cross-country roadtrip now seems like a cliche only because so many other films have copied its structure. 
best Only minorly dated, this film would play well for modern audiences despite being more than 70 years old. 
fair Who can resist a movie where the girl's father provides his daughter with a getaway car from her own wedding? 
best It Happened One Night is a true classic in every sense of the word, one that withstands the test of time and indeed defies it completely. 
best The romantic comedy that all others draw from, few imitate effectively, and none have been able to replicate. 
best Not only will the Walls of Jericho fall, but so will the walls of your heart. 
best Still as good as everyone says it is. 
good It dates badly, but there's enough here to make it worthwhile 
best Uma perola de bom humor e otimismo. 
best It happened one night in 1934, and it happens every time we watch this utterly beguiling film. 
very_good The ultimate dizzy, romantic, screwball comedy. 
very_good Its opposites-attract melding of screwball comedy and the road trip elements has become one of about a half-dozen standard love story formulas. Most years, there's at least one theatrical release that owes a debt to this film. 
good Watching the film is a quietly mesmerizing experience, along the lines of the Popol Vuh soundscapes in Werner Herzog's Aguirre, the Wrath of God. 
best A spellbinding tale about the limit of human endurance and the savagery of mother nature. 
good It's the chill grandeur of his images, and the mystical note in his rueful conclusion, that will linger in your mind. 
best Crazed human endeavour existed in 1924, and here's the amazing document of an early attempt to reach the top of the world. 
best In one moment, the mountain itself appears flickering and dream-like, coloured the red of dried blood. 
good The sequences in Nepal before the climb, of daily life among the Sherpas and their families, are of rare and magical ethnographic value. 
good A spooky, entrancing archive doc - newly restored, with an eerie, magical score by Simon Fisher Turner. 
bad The BFI's restoration does justice to a high-altitude tour de force. 
fair As epic summer movies go, At World's End was pretty good. But don't try to make sense of anything, or you may suffer an aneurysm. 
bad Just how much are you willing to forgive Johnny Depp and that sea-dog swagger of his? 
bad While it fails in matching the unpredictable excitement of the original, this is more of what I'd want in Pirates sequels. Just a little less of it. 
fair If nothing else, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End's ambition and moral ambiguity still set it apart from the pack, but as a send off to the trilogy it staggers across the finish line more than winning out right. 
good [Verbinski] borrows from a half-dozen mythologies to construct a fitting punishment for the culture of narcissism, compulsive consumption, and greed that makes movies like this one necessary. 
bad Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is a hearty, bumpy sea marathon. For some, it will be a fun ride; for others, it will be an ordeal. I'm somewhere in between. 
fair a little disapointing, but still fun 
very_bad A few laughs, some fantastic CGI and a great cameo from Keith Richards aside, this is turgid and tiresome. 
bad Both sequels to the original film are confusing and long. But the third does improve on the second, because at least something happens. 
bad At World's End's greatest sin, just like the second film, is that it forgets to be fun. 
fair For a long time -- although definitely not all the way to the interminable finale of this whale of a nautical exercise -- you're likely to enjoy what you'll see 
bad Swashbuckling action, but too many puzzling plots. 
bad When it hits, it is absolutely the best of the three films, but when it misses, it is endlessly tedious. 
very_bad Yo ho ho and a bottle of regulations!...has the soul of a three-hour U.N. committee meeting. Gods' bodkins, me hearties, this movie blows like a whale from the vasty deep. 
very_bad POTC: At World's End strives for epic-ness, but it's not an epic. It's fluff. And fluff should never, ever exceed more than 1 hour and 47 minutes, including end credits. 
good The best in the series. 
fair "At World's End" is a sweepingly ambitious movie that, alas, takes too long making its point, and far less effort in doing something meaty with the opportunities given to it. 
bad Buoyed by luck, comedy and state-of-the-art special effects, it has not only survived the journey intact, it's also washed down its decks, ready for a whole new cycle of movies to begin. 
very_bad It's a knockabout, scattershot affair. 
fair while it maintains some vestiges of daring, I fear that the filmmakers may have bought too deeply into their own delusions of grandeur 
bad Overlong, over-plotted and frequently dull threequel that only really gets into gear in the last forty minutes thanks to an impressively action-packed climax. 
very_bad While the first two films skirted by on charm and sheer energy, At World's End clunks through three hours of excessive characterization and exposition -- and none of it makes any sense. 
very_bad World's End is duller than a Disneyland ride during a power cut. 
very_bad The unfunny doppelgangers only remind us, unfortunately, of how formulaic and mechanical this once inspired turn has become. 
fair This might be a stretch considering its two hour and forty-eight minute runtime, but you'll definitely get your money's worth. 
very_bad Dead men tell no tales -- but if they did, they would probably make more sense than the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels. 
very_good It was a whole lot of fun! 
bad A lazy rehash spun together to satisfy booty-hungry studio heads ... it's as explosive as a firearm loaded with wet gunpowder 
bad Bland, bloated, and at times, bewildering, this third serving is merely yo-ho-hum. 
fair Here, death has little sadness and no permanence; it's as if the characters, being part of a mostly CGI world, are destined to exist forever in digital limbo, like deleted e-mails. 
very_bad ...it hardly seems likely that anybody will have the stones to sit through this mess more than once. 
bad I missed the jokes and carefree spirit of the crew of the Black Pearl. I missed the simple pleasures of the walking id that is Jack bumping into the consequences of his nature. I missed the funny. 
bad By managing to turn a Disney theme park ride into a major movie franchise, director Gore Verbinski and his collaborators, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, have done an unintentional remake of Gilliam's "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen." Gilliam did it bet 
terrible As Captain Sparrow himself observes: "The immaterial has become.....immaterial." 
bad You will not be engaged on any level other than a purely visual one. 
good It's a fine summertime distraction, but woe to the viewer who elects to revisit it somewhere down the line. 
terrible The story is either incoherent or nonexistent (take your pick)... 
good Needless to say, it all looks and sounds absolutely fabulous, and the return of Geoffrey Rush is simply AAHRResting 
fair Better than the trilogy's second chapter, but not by a lot. Pirates 3 runs overlong and plays more to its weaknesses at times than it does its strengths. 
good Like the popcorn movies of old, (Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End) is an experience as much as it is a film, a chance for audiences to get lost in elements they rarely experience in life. 
terrible It's yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb! 
bad I'll bet most 'Pirates' fans will defend this final chapter, yet realize it has reached the end of its usefulness. 
good While this third installment is both the biggest and most effects-laden of the three, it feels less like corporate filmmaking than Dead Man's Chest did. 
bad Trying to follow this mess left me at wit's end with At World's End. 
good Elizabeth Swann is officially one of the best female characters in Hollywood history. 
terrible A bloated, repetitive sea saga that is the cinematic equivalent of pigging out at a fast food franchise. 
good Who cares that this blockbuster is an incoherent, overplotted mess, when it comes stocked with a charismatic protagonist plus enough swashbuckling action and spooky special f/x to make you forget the fact that the story is impossible to keep straight? 
bad ...for all its silly goings-on, senseless violence, and perpetual, empty motion, one may still find a few pleasures. 
fair The first five minutes make it clear this is not a film for little ones. The rest of its overlong 168 minutes manages to also eliminate almost everyone else. 
terrible If it's true that if you put 1,000,000 monkeys at 1,000,000 typewriters, one will type out Hamlet, the script for this film is what the other 999,999 will produce. 
bad Gone are the clever, innovative action sequences, and practically gone is the tongue-in-cheek handling of the material. 
very_bad It is debatable whether a movie can be "blockbustered" to death, but I advance this one as Exhibit A. Almost every frame of it feels manufactured to fit a preconceived - and inaccurate - notion of what a bigger, "better" sequel should be. 
bad Dear readers Bruckheimer pulled a Bruckheimer. I am a huge fan of his action packed plot-lite escape t the movies. But, in Pirates 3 the mega-producer took a diamond of a franchise and shattered it into sand. 
fair Despite its length and failure to sell a love story, I mostly enjoyed this buoyant surreal adventure. 
good With state-of-the-art everything, this is the 'Pirates' to top them all. 
fair Alternately exciting and exhausting, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End may occasionally sail off course, but it never runs completely aground. 
good The film is slow in delivering its goods, but At World's End finally finds the mad fun and rousing action that fans expect. 
good It's beautifully shot, with lots of colorful characters, many astonishing special effects (though some approach a numbing quality), and much humor. The secret to enjoying the Pirate trilogy is to view them as operatic comedies. 
very_bad Unfortunately, once in front of the camera Depp isn't given anything interesting or funny to do. So this fine actor is left to drag out the same shtick that once seemed refreshing -- three films and an Oscar nomination ago. 
very_bad Depp descends into the shallows of self-parody, and the plot, keen to tie up every narrative loose end, manages to be simultaneously expansive and incomprehensible. 
fair The film runs nearly three hours long and feels like it. 
bad The tragedy is, the last two films are exactly what we feared the first one would be: corporate entertainment, heavy yet frivolous, trying to buy our love with bloated spectacle. 
good Worth seeing for the jaw-dropping action, the doses of irreverent humor and of course the star power of Depp, Knightley, Rush, Orlando Bloom, Bill Nighy, Chow Yun-Fat and a host of other talented actors who utter their lines with Shakespearean gusto. 
best ... even with the film clocking in at just under three hours, too much still doesn't seem like enough. 
good Sprawling and as in need of Venn diagrams for every sextuple cross as it is, "At World's End" has subtleties amid its cattywampus craziness. It's also 2007's first blockbuster worth the constantly turned crank of big-budget moviemaking. 
very_bad The movie is thronged with characters new and old -- so many that none of them has room to shine; and the plot has spun completely out of control. 
bad After watching Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, I may have jumped the gun in complaining about too many action sequences in Dead Man's Chest. 
fair I am anxious to see it again - and this is not a common thing for me and movies that run close to three hours. 
terrible If number two was a scorned middle child fighting for attention, then Pirates 3 is a perpetual motion machine; not just because it is on autopilot, but also because it seems like it will never end. 
good Suficientemente divertido e absolutamente irrepreensivel em suas otimas sequencias de acao. 
bad If you can make sense of it, you're a smarter person than I am. 
bad Three's supposed to be a charm but you won't find much of that in Gore Verbinski's continuation of his silly, spectacular swashbuckling saga 
bad ...it's hard to remember a recent film with a cast this strong that utterly wasted them. 
bad And so it goes. 
good By the end I was not annoyed, and I did not feel gypped. 
fair Loaded with more blubber than laughs, "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End" is a-vastly too long. 
fair By the final chaotic battle, the overwhelming feeling [the movie] generates is relief that the whole enterprise is over. 
best At World's End is too long, too confusing, too cluttered, too much. It's also great cinema. 
good World's End lacks the lugubrious quality of many big-budget blockbusters because director Gore Verbinski gives it a lightness of spirit and because the actors time their sly jokes so expertly. 
very_bad It's not so much that the story is hard to follow -- it's that there's no real story being told at all. At World's End is packed with incident, but on a scene-to-scene level this leaky vessel just barely stays afloat. 
bad The longest and talkiest installment in the blockbuster Pirates trilogy, At World's End doesn't even have the decency to provide a good action sequence until more than two hours in. 
good (Gore)Verbinski and (Johnny)Depp, saving the best for a stupendous effects-enhanced final (don't count on it) battle, really dock this franchise with a flourish. 
fair this cinematic ship is so over-stuffed with characters and intricate plotlines that it's starting to take on a bit of water. 
fair As an integral part of movie history, the only legacy that Pirates seems poised to leave is the distinction of it being the first major series about seafaring swashbucklers to succeed financially. 
very_bad One longs for more scenes featuring Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End and less of everything else in this bloated, overwrought and convoluted three-hour misfire. 
fair Minute-per-dollar, you get your money's worth, but an hour after you leave you'd be hard put to summarize the plot in any coherent way. If that's entertainment, then step right up! 
bad Relentlessly dense and unfathomable; Depp, the heart and soul of the series, doesn't even show up till several reels in. 
bad This film is less comedic and more sweeping than the first two, and Depp often seems to be strolling the borders of the film, commenting on it. 
very_good [Erupts] into a grand and glorious adventure at the final hour. After lying dead in the water during much of its three-part odyssey, Pirates of the Caribbean has saved the best for last. The third time is the charmer. 
very_bad In terms of pure adventure, there's less of it here than in Pirates 2 -- the action doesn't really start until about two hours in, and even then it's hard to understand the shifting allegiances or make sense of why the different sides are fighting. 
very_good The third film is a startling cascade of climaxes, too long, but to complain about excess in such an exuberant bonanza is like complaining that Gibraltar has too much rock. 
bad Ultimately the voyage is so choppy and long that into the third hour I found myself yawning, 'Yo-ho-hum and a very sore bum.' 
fair From the stunning visual effects and well-paced action sequences to the smartly written story, Pirates closes the book on its trilogy (and opens the book on the next batch) far more elegantly and enjoyably than Spider-Man. Who'da thunk? 
very_good A thrill-a-minute extravaganza. 
good A vastly accomplished bit of commercial filmmaking, with all the payoffs and pitfalls that such faint praise implies. 
bad At 15 minutes this side of three hours, it's longer than Spider-Man 3 and the last Pirates entry, which were both long enough. These are supposed to be popcorn movies, not Berlin Alexanderplatz. 
good The third Pirates has tender moments and smashing ones, and if you fix on Depp, you'll manage fine. 
bad I like my action movies complicated, but At World's End is less a complexity than it is a high seas bazaar with everyone and everything vying for attention. You end up going home with nothing to show for your adventure. 
bad The overloaded sequel exhausts without ever satisfying. Cluttered and clattering, busy with jokes that never bob to the surface of funny, it puts the 'oy!' in ships ahoy. 
good [Special] effects pale in comparison to Depp himself. He is, as ever, the heart and soul of the franchise. 
bad At World's End includes a whole lot of chitchat, as the characters strain to explain this overplotted extravaganza. Sure, the pirates need reasons to swing swords at each other, but do they really need this many? 
bad Abandon hope all ye seeking a coherent, much less satisfying, narrative. 
fair If the previous installment, Dead Man's Chest, was a classic No. 2, antic and insultingly unresolved, World's End tips the ship too far in the opposite direction. The first two hours of this 168-minute leviathan are bafflingly action-free. 
fair The cannibals, coconuts and landlocked locations [of Dead Man's Chest] have been replaced by the high-seas high jinks that made the first film so enjoyable. 
good It's more entertaining than the muddled middle of the trilogy. It rounds off the narrative in a satisfying way that eluded Shrek and Spider-Man. 
very_good If you loved the first two movies, you're going to love this one, and for good reason. Verbinski wonderfully mixes comedy, action and drama, and gives each character something special to do. 
good Is this third installment an overblown, drawn-out spectacle with more plot twists than a pretzel factory? Perhaps. Does it still deliver a visually stunning, wham-bam conclusion to a rousing pirate trilogy? Absolutely. 
fair Anytime something suspenseful might be occurring, there's always a joke defusing it somewhere. And every time that happens, it's welcome. 
fair The movie ends up like Davy Jones himself -- many-tentacled, full of bluster, and devoid of a beating heart. 
very_good Exciting and entertaining...and be patient through the long end credits for a revealing epilogue as the salty seafarers sail on. 
good ...any movie that involves something called the 'nine pieces of eight' doesn't really care if you can follow it. 
bad click for full review 
very_good The promise for a hopeful tomorrow that spectacles like the Pirates of the Caribbean are more than just a dying cinematic breed destined to be just another theme park attraction. 
good the most brutal, the wackiest and certainly the trippiest of the 'Pirates' pictures... If it's overloaded and a bit overly complicated, that's not exactly unusual for these movies. 
fair The finale ends up going on so long that by the time the 'important' events occur at the end I couldn't find it within myself to care anymore. I had been swashed, buckled and CGIed into apathy. 
terrible Bloated beyond comprehension, overplotted to the point of aggravation, and about as soulless as a ship captain specter, [the film] is a total mess. 
good Director Gore Verbinski continues to deliver the big-budget goods. 
very_good An epic spectacle in every sense of the word, "Pirates 3" is a non stop journey to all corners of the earth. 
very_good Yep, it's a bit too long and more than a little convoluted. It's still one of the best times I've had at the movies this year. 
terrible Given its origins as a theme park ride, it's apt that Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy has experienced a trajectory not unlike that of a rollercoaster: an initial high, followed by repeated plummets to nauseating lows. 
bad At World's End, shows that Hollywood excess, when combined with the right combination of actors and an occasionally smart script, can work out quite nicely, thank you very much. 
fair Despite a rather dull and uninspired opening, the last hour of action and resolution makes for a suitably satisfying ending. 
bad The effects are spectacular, Knightley and Bloom have more to chew on and more romance to play, and Depp, vamping multiple versions of the ditz he created for this role, is uproarious. 
bad Rum should be mandatory for every man, woman, and child misguidedly attempting to make sense of the frantic Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. 
fair Pirates 3 is better than Pirates 2 for one very good reason: Forget Captain Jack, Captain Barbossa is back! 
very_bad It drifts along in its own sort of doldrums, two minutes of not terribly exciting story followed by ten minutes of special effects, some of which are dandy, most of which demonstrate the textbook definition of overkill. 
good The entertainment life raft to be found in these waters is the aura of mystery and adventure provided by a masterful technical crew. 
bad It won't matter whether you've seen the first two Pirates movies or not. You'll still be confused. 
bad For the diligent and the faithful, director Gore Verbinski and screenwriters Terry Rossio and Ted Elliott, laboring under the bombastic tutelage of Jerry Bruckheimer, have assembled another collection of exciting set-pieces with bellowed dialogue. 
very_good The most visually spectacular, action-packed and surreal of the adventures of Capt. Jack Sparrow. 
fair Just enough surprises to keep us gripped, and laughing, right through the impenetrable, overwrought plot. 
bad The plot's a trippy, twisty mess, and it's far too long, but it looks fantastic and makes some bold choices in its execution. And once again Jack's back to save the day. 
fair After the film's final act at Shipwreck Cove, one does feel a sense of satisfaction with the Pirates series, the glow of a rum punch and an ocean sunset. 
bad Producer Jerry Bruckheimer does deserve a shoutout: It takes a kind of genius to sucker audiences into repeatedly buying the same party tricks. 
fair The thrilling final hour is almost enough to make one forget how much of a labor it is to trudge through the first two-thirds -- almost, but not quite. 
terrible Roger wouldn't be so jolly if he had to sit through Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, a tiresome, disorienting walk down a 165-minute-long plank. 
bad Left to do most of the movie's heavy lifting, Knightley and Bloom are still so flavorless that they make Rice Cakes seem like a feast for the senses. 
bad At World's End is visually exciting but after three movies I'm still confused about this plot. 
good When a documentary is as entertaining as Air Guitar Nation, you have to ask if you really need it to have redeeming social value or to advance the art form in any way. 
good This raucously entertaining documentary about one of the silliest competitions on the planet actually has a serious message about the power of "airness" to change the world. Well, maybe. 
very_bad There must be better, more useful ways of amusing themselves but obviously none which would allow them to strut the stage to the plaudits of a baying crowd like latter-day rock stars. 
very_bad Like most guitar solos, the film doesn't quite know when to quit. 
bad Originality 0.9, Presentation 2.3 and Silliness 5.2. 
very_bad Despite the film's admirable brevity it's still hard to maintain a wry ironic grin for a full 81 minutes. 
good A gloriously insane journey into the weirder reaches of rock, Air Guitar Nation is a funny, funky and oddly moving burst of lively factual entertainment. 
good Shot in a raw, grungy style that lends the film a degree of authenticity, AGN is a riff-roaring experience that rarely hits a bum note. 
bad you will be entertained even if, in rock'n' roll terms, it's less satanic metal than cutesy chart pop. 
bad A nuts-and-bolts document of the annual Air Guitar World Championships which take place in the rural outpost of Oulu in Finland. 
good A delightfully surreal look at a bizarre performance art. 
best Hugely entertaining, frequently hilarious documentary with colourful, warm-hearted characters and an infectious energy that'll send you bouncing out of the cinema with a goofy grin on your face. 
good A genuinely funny and absorbing documentary. 
good When a documentary compels you to care about something that you didn't think you had any interest in, well... that rocks! 
fair Air Guitar Nation is a very well-made film and it tells its story at a quick, even pace, but you really need to suspend your disbelief if you're going to allow this film to fully wrap you in its charms. 
good Somehow, after most of the other 2007 movies have faded from memory, I have a feeling that I will still remember the passion and commitment of the people I met in Air Guitar Nation. 
fair a fun enough goof to give it 90 minutes of your time as a feature film. 
bad Sure, there is an infectious goofiness in watching a grown man in a red robe and Hello Kitty breastplate rock out on an imaginary ax. But the gag is spread pretty thin. 
good For every dork who has stood before the home stereo speakers and banged away on an invisible instrument, here at last is validation. 
good As "Seinfeld" proved, shows about nothing can be a lot of fun. 
good "Air Guitar Nation" does deliver the goods, with some extremely funny scenes and some honest-to-goodness rocking concert footage. Although I fear that the existence of "Nation" has nudged us that much closer to a karaoke documentary. 
bad The film's action footage -- lots of men and women thrashing around with a theoretical Fender in hand -- gets pretty tedious after a while. There is only so much self-inflicted embarrassment one can bear watching. 
good In this pitch-perfect documentary about the very real rise of air guitar competition in the United States, and two of its top performers, stony thoughts will arise as to whether one is suddenly trapped inside a satire that got wrapped in a reality. 
bad It's a limited movie, from the musical palette the performers choose, to the number of players the movie spends time with. 
fair That the event is not only taken seriously by its contestants, but is also surprisingly devoid of irony, makes Air Guitar Nation excellently enjoyable. 
good When one character cheerfully announces he wants to "out-weird the world," we want to let him know we're right there for him. 
fair The suggestion is that C-Diddy can be seen as a sort of ambassador for the 'make air, not war' sentiment. Why not? Even as real ambassadors go, we could do worse. 
fair The film is a lovingly hilarious portrait of a bizarre and endearing pastime. 
good A favorite on the film festival circuit, Alexandra Lipsitz's exuberantly funny documentary follows the triumphant path of an American air guitarist as he rises from U.S. East Coast champ to the top rankings of the international air guitar festival. 
good It makes me what to pick up an air guitar and rock out. 
best This is all charming and hilariously real. 
good The Finns take the whole thing pretty seriously, noting that if you hold an air guitar, it's impossible to simultaneously hold a gun or rifle. (I'm sure some hombre in a Peckinpah movie would be able to pull it off.) 
good It's one of the charms of Air Guitar Nation that much of it plays like a mockumentary in which you're not quite sure who's pulling your leg. But it's real, even if the guitars are not. 
fair Air Guitar Nation does a fine job of bottling prelapsarian exuberance. 
fair Alexandra Lipsitz believes that air-guitar competitions are worth a whole feature-length movie. She's wrong, of course. But the fun lasts longer than you might think. 
good Fascinating? Absolutely. 
fair As dumb as the idea of grown men dressing up and pretending to play guitar may be, there's no arguing that some of these grown men do so with a truly awesome degree of energy and flair. 
bad Irresistible. 
good It's no small feat to film a documentary like this with the right balance of reverence for the craft of air guitar and good, old-fashioned shooting at an easy target, but Lipsitz pulls it off. 
fair Although Air Guitar Nation is a documentary, Lipsitz stumbled across a couple of compelling characters in Jung and Crane, who are anything but n'air-do-wells. 
very_good The movie's wild performances and droll humor are tough to resist. 
bad Air Guitar Nation plays less like a feature-length documentary than it does a poorly thrown together behind-the-scenes supplement to the real thing. 
fair the film will be remembered for the overall sense of camaraderie overcoming competition, fraternity trumping rivalry, and the discovery of graciousness in victory and defeat 
fair A wildly foolish flick that takes the best elements of stand-up comedy and mixes them with good, old-fashioned rock 'n' roll. 
good I wouldn't exactly call Air Guitar Nation the next important documentary, but as a colorful look at an admittedly goofy activity, the flick's a pleasant little winner. 
bad There are some very nice moments throughout that give one hope along the way, but when the conclusion arrives, disappointment is unavoidable. 
bad Hoy d%uFFFDa, (...) una pieza como Edmond no resulta todo lo inquietante que deber%uFFFDa. Eso quiz%uFFFDs sea lo verdaderamente llamativo. 
good "Edmond" is beyond black comedy, it's a comedy in almost total stygian darkness. A comedy where the laughs make you cough up razor blades. 
bad Edmond is presented as the cold truth, but it's really just the truth of how the masculinist Mamet feels. 
good This is a small film with a big payback, like a series of tableaux that illustrate how a mildmannered Mr Everyman can become viciously untamed. 
very_bad Is this about the nihilistic plight of the alienated, or just nihilistic? A coal-dark satire, or just needlessly dark? The uncomfortable Edmond asks more questions than it answers. 
terrible It plays like a low-cal Falling Down, with all the rage of Michael Douglas's office malcontent but none of his dark humour. Possibly the weakest thing Mamet has ever written. 
terrible It didn't work. 
very_bad Edmond is a slight, self-consciously arty affair that starts off like a gloomy version of Falling Down before petering out with a deeply anti-climatic ending. 
very_bad The Falling Down-meets-After Hours pitch and plum cast (William H Macy, Rebecca Pidgeon, Bai Ling, Mena Suvari) look tempting, but it's not a stretch to see why it's sat on the shelf for two years. 
terrible The great man lets rip with deafening flatulent macho nonsense in a truly awful movie, one of the very worst US pictures to be released here in years. 
bad This is not an easy watch, but it is awfully honest art. 
bad Macy is on top form and Mamet fans will savour the vicious barbs of repressed male rage but many will find this is a claustrophobic, stagey exercise without the wit and scope of Glengarry Glen Ross. 
very_bad The director fails to breathe any sort of life into a piece practically carbon-dated by its flailing assaults on political correctness. 
very_bad Be thankful it's not longer; at 80 minutes, one may still derive some perverse pleasure from the silliness of it all. 
very_bad Whilst William H. Macy is as rewarding as ever, this has not transferred well from the stage. 
terrible Incredulity grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go. 
bad Comecando com a promessa de se revelar um novo Um Dia de Furia ("Uma Noite...", neste caso), o filme jamais alcanca a intensidade esperada e se enfraquece ainda mais em seu terceiro ato desajeitadamente satirico. Mas Macy esta genial. 
good Quintessential David Mamet: brainy, playful, engaging. 
good It's not exactly a "happy" movie, but it sure is a fascinating one. 
very_good ...a powerful film, but not a completely coherent one. 
bad Edmond is a failure as a story, but it's such a provocative and involving failure that it's worth a peek or two. 
bad An intriguing, disquieting, but ultimately overdrawn nightmare. 
bad Gordon's direction here lacks any subtlety, as does this bitter material. 
fair Gordon can't quite get a handle on this odd material, and fails to moderate Macy's performance. 
bad Even William H. Macy's raw, spare performance cannot save Edmond from distastefulness almost beyond imagination. 
good The last handful of scenes, featuring Bokeem Woodbine as an acquaintance of Edmond's, are worth the price of a ticket. 
very_good A consistently stimulating viewing experience. 
good It's a wordy script and, in its own profane way, a beautiful one, but it's the words that aren't said that are the most crucial. 
fair As with most Mamet scripts, this includes multiple monologues, and the cast delivers them with fervor. But the delivery can't conceal that these diatribes are directed at topics that no longer are pertinent. 
very_good A sex- and violence-filled romp that sprays David Mamet's staccato dialogue like rubber bullets over the audience. 
terrible When the filmmakers gave the script to all the studios around town and told them that they had Macy and Mamet and they all said, 'Great! We'll read it this weekend.' Maybe there was a reason why they never heard from them again. 
fair While all involved deserve credit for getting even limited financing to film such an off-putting work, they've mainly just proven that some things are better left on the stage. 
fair Mamet's script may not be entirely convincing as either satire or social commentary, but in Macy's hands, poor, pathetic Edmond's story finds its shocking, darkly funny resonance. 
good Under Gordon's eye, Macy draws pity for a character who feels nothing beyond his own suffering. 
bad Makes little sense as a character study, and borders on nonsense as a screed on race in America. 
very_good The most effective Mamet play adaptation I've seen since James Foley's blistering 1992 Glengarry Glen Ross. 
good As there's always at least one obscure independent in the annual Oscar race, the whole thing might as well begin here. 
terrible A thriller that's dated, pointless and sludgy slow (even clocking in at 76 minutes). 
bad Edmond is too self-absorbed for us to care much about his fate, but like the proverbial train wreck, you can't tear your eyes -- or your ears -- away from the spectacle. 
fair It plays like a hodgepodge of barely connected short films that all happen to star the same actor. 
fair It may be too bleak for most, and as befits a movie based on a one-act play (written by Mamet in 1982), it can be speechy. 
fair Mamet's paranoid rant...is as bilious as ever, but time has overtaken and defanged it. 
terrible William H. Macy, Joe Mantegna and a number of other true pros manage to keep straight faces all the way through this woozy, self-important stew of lurid nonsense. 
good By design, nasty, brutish, and short...functions as drama because shock crosses through sensationalism to a kind of purity in the character study of a man in desperate need of repair. 
very_bad a fussy little movie that wants to be much more controversial and important than it is. 
good Edmond plays like Eyes Wide Shut meets Falling Down with a dash of Fight Club, although Mamet's original play debuted way back in 1982 before any of those films existed 
good In this screen adaptation of David Mamet's play, William H. Macy is perfectly cast as a prim Manhattan businessman who heeds his inner demons and plummets into free fall. 
fair Despite the best efforts of all concerned, what seemed explosive and provocative two decades ago now comes across as schematic and artificial. 
bad Like Paul Haggis's Crash, the characters speak their minds so fully (or lie about their feelings so transparently) that the stuff which should be bubbling under the surface is constantly rising in fiery tirades. 
terrible Most notable for its bathroom jokes, humorous rape scenes and abysmal home-movie cinematography, [the film is a] reputation-dimming mess. 
bad For fans of Almodovar, this first foray into filmmaking is essential viewing. 
good Gruesome yet imaginative teen psychosexual drama. 
best The inner tension of the film emerges from Jackson's enjoyment of the girls' bustling insanity and then his gradual withdrawal from it. 
very_good This incredible film may be director Peter Jackson's masterpiece. 
good Fantasy and reality blur in a chilling film that shows Jackson's limitless potential 
good The movie that first got Jackson & Winslet noticed 
best Peter Jackson creates a rich, haunting atmosphere, deftly juggling the eerily giddy fantasy world of the girls and their harsh, violent reality. 
good A disturbing, boldly conceived story. 
very_good An odd, but mostly effective mix of melodrama, fantasy and voice-over. 
best Beautifully, horribly passionate. 
good One of the most genuinely disturbing films I have ever seen. 
best Despite the undeniable merits of Jackson's other works, Heavenly Creatures strikes me as the best film he has made. 
best Powerful 
best A beautiful, haunting masterpiece from Peter Jackson, and proof that The Lord of the Rings isn't the only rabbit in his hat. 
good Taut, clever, and fronted with two excellent performances, this is a clever choice for Jackson's first step into mainstream filmmaking. 
good 17-year-old Kate Winslet made her film debut in this compelling blend of true crime and dark fantasy... 
bad ...the writer and director, Peter Jackson, could not decide what kind of movie he wanted to make... 
very_good Revealed in unforgettable fashion by a capable director, the events that unfold in this film are not easily forgotten. 
very_good What makes Jackson's film enthralling and frightening is the way it shows these two unhappy girls, creating an alternative world so safe and attractive they thought it was worth killing for. 
good ...A work of remarkable clarity and vision, as well as one of the most original pictures of this or any other year. 
best An unforgettable experience. 
good This is a film with more visual creativity than many fantasy films. 
very_good Heavenly Creatures is dazzling; a perversely original psychodrama. 
best Heavenly Creatures is definitely one of the most engrossing and best films of the 90s. 
bad A movie that begins with high tension gradually fizzles out. 
very_good Heat feels like a cobbled-together conclusion to this so-called trilogy, a movie that offers little of what made the other offerings...so terrific in the first place. 
fair Morrissey turns to fame and travels from New York to Los Angeles for this outrageously funny but almost painfully sharp comedy. 
very_good The bulk of this 50-minute piece focuses on the actual crashes and subsequent collapses, with an analytical eye on specifically what caused the most destruction. 
fair Provides the clearest insight into why the destruction of these buildings (carnage and Freud aside) touched a deep nerve in the collective American psyche. 
bad This might have worked better as a television episode or a short film, but as a feature, it's merely another one of those overly-long films where the audience must wait around in silence for the same conclusion we've seen countless times. 
fair A conventional yet entertaining romantic comedy... 
very_bad Bateman and Aniston are fine but don't have any real chemistry together, whilst the direction is flat and rather uninteresting. It has the occasional good moment, but "The Switch" fails to push any buttons. Or, indeed, pull any switches. 
very_bad despite a novel plot device, The Switch is a disappointingly formulaic film and at times quite soulless. 
fair You have to overlook a whole lot of guff in order to enjoy the slight but pleasurable entertainment of The Switch. 
good Directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck find some heart and wit in the screenplay, and they draw a strong performance from Bateman, who?s funny and sympathetic as the lovelorn Wally. 
good I would describe this movie first as sweet, then as funny - though the funny is definitely present, either dry and sly, or big and farcical. It's definitely a movie worth checking out. 
bad Another week, another Jennifer Aniston rom-com. This one's passable, but saddled with a problematic central plot device. 
bad Aniston still has a winning way with a comic line although it is really Bateman who carries the film, yet even his understated performance is consistently upstaged by young Robinson. 
very_bad Let down by inconsistent characterisation and finally ending in gloopy sentimentality and silliness. 
bad Aniston has wasted herself on some pretty thankless roles recently, but she is exactly right for this movie. 
very_bad It strains to portray a progressive modern woman, but Aniston's role is the weakest link. 
bad There's an interesting story in there somewhere about nature and nurture, and the pros and cons of being clever or merely good-looking. 
very_bad Despite winning turns by Lewis and an on-form Goldblum, the laughs are in short supply. 
bad There's much to enjoy, if not quite enough to disguise the film's essential awkwardness in trying to cover too many bases. 
good There are some good lines, especially from the supporting cast including Jeff Goldblum and Juliette Lewis, and enough moving and witty touches, despite the contrived and predictable plot. 
very_bad Co-helmers Josh Gordon and Will Speck don't just distort the original intention of Eugenides's story, they force it kicking and screaming into a romantic comedy mould. 
very_bad One wonders how much more of these kinds of films Aniston can make. 
bad This is exactly the kind of role that suits Jen down to the ground. As Kassie, she's dead funny, deeply watchable and hugely likeable. It's just a shame there's not more of her. 
bad Surprisingly likeable relationship comedy-drama, enlivened by terrific performances from Jason Bateman, Jeff Goldblum and young Thomas Robinson... 
bad Jason Bateman plays the reserved guy we're used to by now, but he has so much charisma his character Wally is effortlessly watchable, and the best thing about the film. 
fair Mildly entertaining, but there's no reason not to wait for the DVD. 
fair The movie doesn't suck. Which is not to say it's great, but thanks to a wonderfully nuanced performance by Bateman, it is surprisingly moving in spots... 
fair A movie that, based on its premise, has absolutely no business being as good as it is. An affecting and very entertaining father-son story. 
bad Isn't without its moments, but any time Aniston and Bateman push at something more honest and truthful, the film purposefully snaps back into standard rom-com mode. 
very_good At its best, The Switch plays against expectations. 
terrible An attractive and talented cast is utterly wasted in this insipid alleged comedy. 
bad ... the movie has its charms, mostly thanks to the star chemistry of Aniston and Bateman. 
bad You know within five minutes of the start exactly where The Switch is heading, but getting there is still a surprisingly entertaining journey. 
good Jennifer Aniston finally hits paydirt with a cleverly written rom-com about a broody single woman who turns to the turkey baster. 
terrible So annoying I wanted to throw a turkey baster at it. 
good In The Switch, Bateman plays a not-so-romantic lead who sometimes makes you want to shake him. And still, he's never been so appealing. 
very_bad The Switch sets some kind of record in the creepy-premise category: It's about a guy who woos a girl by sneaking his sperm into her uterus. Now, that's romantic. 
good Bateman turns the standard leading male archetype on its head. 
bad Wisely the emphasis is on Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson and not Jennifer Aniston 
very_bad A real switch would have been to draw some real characters and let them dictate the story instead of plugging good actors into a tired formula. 
terrible A walkout-bad, 'bait and switch' rip-off bearing less resemblance to Juno or Little Miss Sunshine than to terrible TV sitcoms revolving around the shopworn 'one big lie' plot device. 
bad A slightly more serious take on the rom-com, this film benefits hugely from its likeable cast even though the script lets frequently them down. 
bad Robinson is the only saving grace of the movie, stealing every scene that he appears in. He almost salvages this wreck that fails to pass muster and should have gone straight to... 
fair It's indie-Bateman against Hollywood-Aniston. And for the most part, Bateman wins. It's shocking an idea this absurd can work, but it's funny and charming. 
fair Jeff Goldblum was The Fly before Aniston was slumming under the rainbow in Leprechaun and Bateman stood in Valerie's family photos. Goldblum can wear the same purple shirt in every scene if he wants to... 
terrible Did none of the filmmakers -- or the (mostly women) viewers at my screening -- not realize that Wally's action of implanting his unwanted sperm into Kassie qualifies as a form of rape? We're supposed to cheer Wally on -- shouldn't he be going to jail? 
bad Quirky and implausible, it's a formulaic and utterly predictable romance. 
very_bad The only problem with this Jennifer Aniston rom-com is, well, Jennifer Aniston. 
bad Just because a star's personal life makes for engrossing, if deceptive reading, doesn't mean their movies are anywhere nearly as entertaining. 
bad Not bad bad as the poster makes it out to be, but not good either. 
good suffused with a piquant sense of melancholia . . . it makes its points with sly precision and a wicked sense of humor 
fair The Switch proves Jason Bateman should headline more features - and that we don't need another sperm donor comedy. 
bad t's worth noting at this point that in real life, a good number of people, most of them doctors, have gone to jail for fraudulently inseminating women. 
fair There aren't enough surprises to justify the title, but The Switch produces sufficient light for a late-summer diversion. 
fair Heartfelt and occasionally funny albeit unsurprising and somewhat contrived. Newcomer Thomas Henderson steals the show in the best performance by a child actor in recent memory. 
terrible There's not enough RU-486 in the world to make this movie stop existing. 
terrible Do women desirous of offspring actually throw "I'm Getting Pregnant" parties at which their chosen sperm donor arrives bearing baby juice in a plastic cup? 
terrible Perverse gender politics are at play here in this insemination fantasy about a man hijacking a woman's uterus in a long play to win her heart. 
fair The comedy itself suffers from awkward scheduling. Though this isn't its only wrinkle. 
bad The Switch is a romantic comedy that presents a rare surprise: it won't make you want to scoop out your eyes with a soup ladle. 
good Despite a relatively predictable plot and inconsistent pacing, The Switch scores thanks to a good balance of humor and heart. 
very_bad Amiable fluff that takes its time learning how to walk, talk, and generally act like the kid-centric rom-com that it is. 
bad OK romcom centers on sperm donation, single parenthood. 
good For Bateman (adeptly mixing melancholia with humor), Goldblum, and a boy whose talents haven't been since the young Jonathan Lipnicki ... pregnant pause here ... this film bears watching. 
good Evolves from an uneasy romantic comedy into a surprisingly tender and generous love story about fathers and sons as well as men and women... 
fair The chemistry between Jason Bateman and a grave, sweet child actor gives 'The Switch' a little melancholy magic you might not expect, what with its sitcom-y plot and dialogue. 
terrible Likable cast wasted in a dopey comedy. But hey, at least it has the first head-lice-removal instructional montage in romcom history. 
fair The Switch is a wonderfully cute flick that builds realistic chemistry between a father and son. Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson have amazing emotional arcs. 
good A warm, quirkily observant film, strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key, easygoing vibe. 
bad Tries to be more than a sitcom but keeps falling back on cheap laughs. 
fair With so much working against the film, it's a genuine surprise when you find yourself entertained anyway, thanks to the strong comedic leads. 
very_bad It's Judd Apatow lite, Farrelly brothers special blend. Just call it When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum. 
good The surprise in The Switch is that the star of the movie is Jason Bateman, not Jennifer Aniston. It's a good surprise. 
bad The truly dusty cliche it drags out again is the cute couple who don't, you know, think-of-each-other-like-that. Until, of course, they do. 
fair Thoroughly entertaining. 
very_bad The first third of The Switch, directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, is so bizarre that it leads you to wonder if, through some miraculous lack of oversight, the movie will blaze an unpredictable path. No such luck. 
bad It's not horrible and it has the sense to make the most of Bateman's talents, but it's awfully hard to relate to people who can't figure out Clark Kent is Superman wearing glasses. 
very_bad The Switch is built like a romantic comedy, except that there's no romance -- and precious little comedy, for that matter. 
bad Another in a recent line of romcoms eager to get us laughing all the way to the sperm bank, and then to the infant dividends beyond. 
very_bad I know I'm the first one to complain about how Hollywood needs to give us something we haven't seen before, but if this is the result, please give me 3 more Freddy Krueger movies and a remake of Gilligan's Island starring Zac Efron. 
fair Don't be fooled by misleading advertising or even your own preconceptions. It turns out The Switch is a heck of a wonderful film. Once the film gets beyond its ridiculous set-up, it hits a poignant stride few will see coming. 
bad Shaggy and likable, but not lovable, The Switch is the rare romantic comedy that's actually about and made for adults. 
very_bad so unimaginative and formula-driven...that it seems entirely to have been hashed out by executives over a long lunch. 
bad Let's all agree that comedies based around sperm banks or sperm donations should be banned from our fair shores forever 
good A spiffy romantic comedy about secrets, friendship, love, nurturing, and the human race. 
good ...the best romantic comedy to come down the pike in some time. 
very_bad The film is not comedic enough to be considered a comedy, not dramatic enough to be a drama, not romantic enough to be a romance, and not believable enough to be a slice-of-life. 
bad A surprisingly heartfelt comedy that succeeds thanks to the great chemistry between Jason Bateman and newcomer Thomas Robinson. 
bad Aniston and Bateman each bring a rare Bordeaux, and the writers bring Spam on white bread. You can skip the picnic or show up and have a glass of wine. 
bad Unfortunately, this latest ho-hum rom-com from Hollywood's industrial commissary comes out half-baked despite noble efforts by two undeniably likable stars who try to rescue it from mediocrity. 
bad Didn't Jennifer Lopez play essentially the same role this year in The Back-Up Plan? Only in the movies are glamorous, 40ish single women leaping into single parenthood via sperm donation. 
fair More his journey than hers, more satire than slapstick, the film is that rare example of rom-com about men, which turns out to be a nice switch indeed. 
bad Thanks to Bateman's truly winning performance as a bit of a loser, "The Switch" manages to earn our laughter and our respect in equal measure. 
bad Aniston and Bateman find a funny chemistry together, and the film's bemusing setup unfolds with wit and charm. As 6-year-old Sebastian, Thomas Robinson steals every scene he's in. 
good The Jason Bateman film his fans have been waiting for. 
bad Allan Loeb wrote the script. Josh Gordon and Will Speck directed. What they've done is concoct something gimmicky and banal. 
bad There's zero heat between Aniston and Bateman; what synthetic feelings the film does generate involve the father/son relationship. 
fair Far more surprising than the blinding preposterousness of The Switch's opening passages is the fact that the film smoothly recovers to become a passable character-driven rom-com. 
bad Marketed as a comedy about a woman taking charge of her life ... offers up a woman whose life apparently isn't worth exploring until she finds a father for her son. 
very_bad A textbook case of Hollywood chauvinism. 
bad The film offers few - make that no - surprises. What almost saves it is the acting. 
terrible All you can do is sit there, loathing these characters, waiting for them to learn the truth and wishing to be somewhere else. 
fair I wish it were great, but "pretty good" puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies. Puh-LEN-ty. 
good The set-up alone has some of the funniest semen humor since There's Something About Mary. 
bad Bateman and Aniston have no chemistry, and the movie's most entertaining moments come from Jeff Goldblum in the thankless supportive-friend role. 
fair All that's good about The Switch is undermined by the need to conform to romantic comedy standards and by the predictable performance of a miscast Jennifer Aniston. 
good The best Jennifer Aniston movie in ages is actually a star vehicle for Jason Bateman. And Aniston's work opposite the screen's premiere mild-mannered funnyman shows her at her most engaged and pitch perfect. 
very_bad Marvel at the desperate spectacle of three comic leads ... being outperformed by the wide-eyed Robinson, a quiet collector of silences. 
fair ...an affable (yet thoroughly uneven) piece of work... 
very_bad Puts good intentions and appealing performances into the balance against cliches of dead-end neighborhoods and rebellious (but sensitive) youth. 
terrible Cisneros is an appealing actor, but he and Falling Awake get buried under a welter of cliches. 
terrible I'm all for telling generic stories about young artists rising above their lot in life, but for goodness sake, at least shoot it right. 
bad Playing smarter and smoother than the plot, Cisneros uncorks an antimacho performance that deviates from type. 
terrible Casts a collection of illustrious no-names in a fatuous gangland epic of multicultural tensions between blacks and Puerto Ricans. 
very_bad Painfully stupid but kids love it. Go figure. 
bad Becomes so laconic it forgets a movie ought to do something besides show you a lazy smile. 
terrible There's the odd decent gag but you're too busy chanting the mantra 'Straight To Video, Straight To Video' to laugh. 
very_bad Mick Dundee is not so much a fish out of water these days as terminally behind the times. 
terrible The movie is very good-natured, folksy and easy-going, it just isn't very funny. 
very_bad The amiable, self-effacing Dundee and his audience deserve better. 
bad Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles is a series of vignettes. The retro quality can only carry so far, and it isn't long before the film buckles under its own weight. 
bad There are a few mildly humorous moments, but you've seen it all before. 
very_bad The subplot about the sleazy movie studio and the kid who plays little Crocodile Dundee are both annoying. 
very_bad Lost in the swamp of a dumb script and lackluster direction. 
very_bad When movies have degraded to the point that Tyson is acting more than Quentin Tarantino is directing, maybe it is time for an industry shutdown, strike-induced or otherwise. 
terrible Feels like a feature-length vanity project. 
bad At this stage of the game, it's getting a little hard to present Dundee as a naif from the outback in the big city. 
very_bad The plot rehashes Dundee II's adventures in New York, except the weather's better. 
terrible Oddly lethargic. 
bad I've seen audits that were more thrilling. 
terrible This latest, utterly gratuitous chapter in the saga of the wisecracking reptile hunter will add nothing to the ever-dimming reputation of the Subaru pitchman. 
bad A decidedly mixed bag. 
very_bad It's a greatest-hits collection along the lines of last weekend's Beverly Hillbillies marathon on TV Land or Tim Conway's Dorf on Golf videos, where nostalgia and comedy are run through a food processor until they become a flavorless paste. 
very_bad The filmmakers lift something off the 'stock plots for bad crime movies' shelf -- an art smuggling operation that uses movie-making as a front. 
fair Despite the predictability of the story and the gags, the film is surprisingly easy to sit through, digest and even enjoy. 
bad The plot, if you can dignify it as such, is as pedestrian as it sounds. 
good Fun, very light comedy. 
terrible It's about as appetizing as month-old leftovers from the Outback Steakhouse. 
terrible Hogan's Subaru commercials have 200 times the spirit and charm of Dundee 3. 
bad Of little interest even for its targeted PG market 
good "13 Families" isn't a visually wowing or clever doc. Yet, it reminds us of film's capacity to memorialize the lost and honor the ache of the living. 
very_good Not just another theatrical performance, Unstable Elements acts to live. 
good Excerpts of performances from shows such as Being Harold Pinter and Minsk 2011 hint at the visceral power of the group, which the Belarusian authorities apparently view as a threat to national security. 
bad Absurdist dramas staged with grace and ingenuity, these "dangerous acts" draw attention in eloquent and very affecting fashion to the plight of Lukashenko's victims. 
good Dangerous Acts transcends its contemporary relevance. 
good Recommended viewing, especially given recent events in Ukraine. 
bad It is startling to see how political opposition and outrage were being mobilised, not primarily by journalism, or social media or established forms of protest, but by theatre. 
bad Dangerous Acts is a poignant picture of eastern Europe art at home and in exile. 
very_bad An avant garde theatre collective challenge Belarusian politics in this underwhelming activism doc. 
good Vivid and vital. 
good Depicting the intellectual fire and fierce determination essential to revolution, Dangerous Acts pits the pen against the sword in an old story made fresh by the fact it's so immediate to those involved. 
very_good Always intriguing and often quite funny, Paul Williams Still Alive is exactly the documentary this celebrity deserves. It's respectful of his extraordinary accomplishments while giving us an accurate portrait of who Williams is today. 
good For all of Kessler's annoying traits, he did get results. Perhaps a different approach wouldn't have yielded a film as satisfying as "Paul Williams Still Alive." 
fair The resulting documentary, at once endearing and dull, does indeed tell us about Williams, but it also tells us perhaps too much about Kessler. 
good Filmmaker Stephen Kessler's sheer delight in following around his boyhood idol, whose music framed much of the '70s when Kessler was a lad in Queens, is thoroughly infectious. 
bad An entertaining, emotionally inspired stroll down memory lane -- that is, for Kessler. 
very_good That's what makes the film so endearing - it captures that strange relationship between film subject and filmmaker, something that is carefully hidden in most documentaries. 
fair Too bad the film's obscure star will be a hard sell to non-music geeks or anyone born after 1965, because this film's a blast. 
good Charming, poignant and very funny, Paul Williams: Still Alive is a wonderful testament to a truly gifted artist for whom the end of fame was not remotely the end for him. 
very_good It's an interesting look at celebrities and the filmmakers that try to document them. 
very_good Williams, who was elected president of ASCAP in 2009, speaks frankly and eloquently about his problems dealing with fame, and his recovery. 
fair Mr. Williams's quiet integrity trumps Mr. Kessler at every turn. 
good The oft-hilarious push-and-pull between director and subject-Williams wryly notes that the film is turning into "the Steve and Paulie Show"-effectively hacks away at the celebrity-enthusiast divide. 
fair The film too often undercuts its goals by indulging its director's need for self-affirmation at the expense of the movie's far more compelling central subject. 
fair Thanks to Williams, who almost deserves a co-directing credit, it ends up a very endearing portrait as well as an amusing real-life take on the buddy film. 
very_good Much chastened by time, Williams is an easy guy to like, which is key to this documentary being as effective as it is. 
good Whether it's memory lane or an introduction to Williams' oeuvre for new listeners, mainly it's just freaking funny. 
good Many Ferrara faithful fetching for something uncanny will line up and get what they bargained for. 
terrible Mary is a mess. An inter esting one, yet still a mess. 
very_bad Mary is a convoluted, hysterical mess of a movie with grandiose spiritual airs and not a drop of humor. 
good A triune plot that Ferrara digs into with sleeves fully rolled up. 
bad It feels like the kind of snoozy artistic modulation that critics often confuse for maturation. 
fair Very little of this mess works in any conventional sense, but as the performances begin to redline, the movie examines the relationship between performance and contrition. 
very_bad Ferrara presents his ideas in what's meant to be a meditation on the nature of faith but ends up an incoherent, pretentious mess. 
fair ...both Forest Whitaker and Juliette Binoche (as with the rest of the cast) give such amazing performances that they should be added to the list of the best work of their careers. 
good Somehow turns confusion into a concise study on what it means to believe in god in this day and age. 
fair A serious-minded film about the confusion and anxiety that mark a true inquisition into one's faith. 
bad Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans. 
bad It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get. 
good Marks [Asia Argento] as a far more adventurous and even risk-addicted filmmaker than her famous father Dario. 
fair To appreciate or even tolerate the film, you must separate yourself from the characters and the material. What's unfortunate is that the movie is too well made to let you do just that. 
fair Argento's film is arguably exploitative, but its real-life horrors are effectively authentic. 
fair JT LeRoy may be a scam, but Argento's scalding treatment of adults behaving badly is as real as cold French fries in a West Virginia truck stop. 
bad Trying a bit too hard to be a modern cult classic, but it's clear that Argento's heart is in the right place. 
terrible Now the fabricated story of a boyhood that included abandonment, rape and near constant fear and humiliation is a movie. The result is unwatchable. 
very_bad I don't know if the movie follows the book closely, but if it does, you kind of have to wonder how Leroy or Albert or whoever it was made such a splash in the first place. 
terrible Vile beyond redemption. 
good [Argento's] fast-moving, devil-may-care filmmaking keeps The Heart Is Deceitful dangling just above its relentlessly harrowing subject matter. 
bad There is no redemption, no surcease, and as the film ends the barbarity continues. This film made me intensely uncomfortable, but that was its intention. 
very_bad It's a taxing bit of exploitation, which, although you're glad to know it's a work of fiction, doesn't exactly make a case for itself as art. 
very_bad At best, this film raises an all-too-relevant question: Are true-life stories interesting because they're true? Or because they're interesting? At worst, it raises a different question: What if they're neither true nor interesting? 
bad The film is as captivating as it is perverse. 
bad Given Argento's willingness to attempt the controversial book at all, she pulls a surprising number of punches. 
bad Like LeRoy's novels, the movie finds something hep about degradation, neglect, and eating out of dumpsters. It calls to mind the Zoolander joke about a fashion line, 'Derelict,' inspired by crack whores and hoboes. 
terrible Stripped of all its lurid backstory, the fictional tale is revealed onscreen to be a mere catalog of horrors, an ugly grafting together of Dickens and America's Most Wanted. 
terrible Watchable in a train-wreck kind of way, but you'll probably want to take a shower afterwards. 
terrible This is an execrable movie. 
bad Ultimately sabotaged by Argento's own deliriously uncontrollable hysterics. 
terrible Viewer discretion is advised, if only because it's well-nigh unwatchable. 
very_bad This film's heart is not deceitful, merely obvious and overbearing. 
bad Argento doesn't translate Leroy's novel into the visual language of film, or at least she doesn't conjure up the same feeling the book does. 
very_bad An overwrought and underwhelming study of childhood abuse. 
fair Artful and stylish, Argento's acting and filmmaking are edgy, authentic and rather nuts. 
best Spiked with moments of true brilliance. 
very_good If, however, you are willing to take a dark ride you will be rewarded. 
terrible The opposite of accomplished filmmaking. 
terrible Argento might one day make a good film - this certainly isn't it. 
very_good While you might expect a cheap quickie designed to cash in on the Tim Burton feature ... Malice in Wonderland is actually an honest and at times intriguing updating of the classic set in modern times, in the cockney underworld of South London. 
bad Genuinely original interpretation of the Brit gangster and Lewis Carroll's surreal tale. 
terrible Quite apart from the fact that it mistakes sexism and homophobia for sardonic liberal rib-tickling, even at 80 minutes, the film feels like a brash, crass and boneheaded music promo that's been stretched to breaking point. 
very_bad Malice In Wonderland does little to remind you of the performances that once had critics and even the late great Harold Pinter crowing about his talent as [Dyer] started out on the West End stage. 
terrible Despite a certain visual flair, Malice in Wonderland just isn't very good. The screenplay is the main problem - it's just too flat and unimaginative to justify the larger-than- life cartoon characters that populate the movie. 
very_bad Dyer has some funny lines, and he makes the most of them, proving that he is actually a good performer, all too often marooned in endless geezer knees-ups. But otherwise it's a bit pointless and heavy-handed. 
very_bad Alice's adventures lose something in their contemporary translation, and there is very little to care about. It's nicely shot, though, in the style of a 1980s music video. 
terrible Simon Fellows and screenwriter Jayson Rothwell have come up with one of the worst ever ideas for a movie and created a cinematic abomination devoid of point, humour and entertainment value. 
very_bad A good idea that unfortunately doesn't quite work, thanks to poor direction and a script that's not as clever or as funny as it thinks it is. 
terrible The presence of Danny Dyer, meanwhile, has likely tipped you off to the fact that it's a) set in a world of Brit gangsters, and b) not very good. 
good I Am Yours is a pensive, perceptive study of a woman adrift whose expectations of a relationship are never quite matched. 
bad Actress Iram Haq makes a solid directorial debut with this tale of clashing cultures. 
bad Acharia's electric performance is impressive, while director Iram Haq brings an insider's sympathy to the protagonist's plight. 
good Haq has the storytelling style of a lawyer calmly presenting the facts of a case leaving it to the audience to decide whether to focus judgment on Mina or unsympathetic circumstances. 
bad Anchored by a splendid lead performance from Amrita Acharia, but a little directionless otherwise ... 
bad How to be a mother, a lover and an aspiring actress all at once? 
fair ...a fairly run-of-the-mill character study that's elevated by star Amrita Acharia's spellbinding performance... 
good "Bear" is simply the most calming and accepting childhood figure in modern television. 
bad Eventually, the stories begin to rely on simple, clever solutions rather than violent ones. 
good Doesn't have a unified plot, but tells a handful of mini-stories very well. 
good The cosmic equivalent of hearing a Homeric epic in ancient times: we thrill to the battles, we wait with bated breath for the appearance of our favorite characters, and we root for noble, righteous warriors. [Blu-ray] 
bad There are sweet moments, and there are funny moments, but it all just becomes so eye-rollingly calculated that it's hard to appreciate. 
very_bad The promising themes peter out as the film loses direction, though, and Bartlett is neither sympathetic enough to root for nor dumb enough to laugh at. 
bad Charlie Bartlett plays it too safe. 
terrible Charlie Bartlett is a poor man's Rushmore. There is a great film waiting to be made about psychiatry, anti-depressants and our youth, but this isn't it. 
good Mostly this was a quirky, smart, inspiring, and surprisingly enjoyable High School movie. 
bad Charlie Bartlett is the Ferris Bueller of our drug addled age. Except he's not a fraction of the charmer ol' Ferris was. 
good The movie is extremely hilarious, yet very serious and emotional at the same time. 
bad There are plenty of good qualities in Charlie; it just needed to apply itself a little more. 
good Hugely entertaining high school drama with a delightfully offbeat script and terrific performances from a superb cast. 
very_bad Juno's dorkier, needier cousin, the one who's watched Ferris Bueller's Day Off too many times. 
good Even in the canon of high school flicks, Charlie Bartlett seems slight, but like its wide-eyed protagonist, it ultimately wins you over on the strength of its puppy-dog appeal. 
bad (O)ther than the reprehensible glorification of teenage sexual promiscuity, this is a meaningless, forgettable film that is relatively entertaining... 
bad Bartlett would make a decent sitcom character, and the uneven film plays out accordingly. 
very_bad ...all the fawning and sucking-up to bored and disgruntled teenagers...can't make Charlie anything but a sleazy, pill-pushing sociopath. 
good ...one of the most effective high-school comedies to come around in quite some time... 
fair Quirky, provocative and insightful, the slightly overlong but thoroughly enjoyable Charlie Bartlett is a comic gem. 
very_good Charlie Bartlett represents a new sincerity ... The teens in this comedy are jaded, but not cynical: They've seen too much and want to create a whole different view. 
bad Parts of Charlie Bartlett are enjoyable, especially Robert Downey Jr.'s performance as a high-school principal who hates his life. 
good A Harold and Maude for the Ritalin generation. The only problem is Charlie Bartlett lacks the broader -- more subversive -- range of Harold and Maude. 
bad Even though there's some smart stuff in Charlie Bartlett, there's a lot more dumb stuff that keeps the worthy elements from aligning. 
bad You might think you've met someone like "Charlie Bartlett" before. The fact is, if you've seen many movies, you have. 
bad Like its main character, Charlie Bartlett tries so hard to win us over that it practically bursts a celluloid vein in the process...Yet you can't deny that they both have impressive energy. 
bad Charlie Bartlett begins as somewhat of a typical coming-of-age teen comedy, but by the second act it had me thinking it's an original idea with adult appeal. 
good The first two acts are the prescription for what's wrong in the third. 
fair [Director] Jon Poll... has trouble transitioning from humor to seriousness - and ends up mocking characters who need our sympathy the most. 
good Charlie Bartlett is a refreshingly entertaining character study that refuses to dumb down its youthful cast or bury their concerns in service of a catchy soundtrack. 
fair The film feels derivative but always heartfelt, and never sacrifices an honest moment for a cheap gag. 
bad The characters remain halfway between genuine comic creations and realistic individuals, and the whole narrative feels artificial, stuck in the tension between being a morality play and a freewheeling comedy. 
very_good Funny and character-driven, Charlie Bartlett has a hero who's very Ferris Bueller-esque, a heroine who's very Ringwaldish, an acid-tinged sense of humor and a Hughes-like faith that everything will work out for unconventional people. 
bad Those waiting for the arrival of the next Juno may want to skip Charlie Bartlett, a relentlessly earnest teen film about a 17-year-old misfit who's been tossed out of one prep school after another for bad behavior. 
terrible The movie is unevenly directed, with stiffly mounted scenes and tonal shifts between offhand comedy and ham-fisted drama. 
very_bad Imagine an R-rated Ferris Bueller with only the most annoying parts of the younger Matthew Broderick's screen persona emphasized and you'll draw a bead on Bartlett. 
bad A comedy that strains so hard to be edgy it nearly pulls a muscle. 
bad Two decades after Ferris Bueller, a new smarty-pants seeks popularity in Charlie Bartlett. 
fair Charlie Bartlett starts to get a bit preachy as it works its way toward a climax heavily influenced by Rushmore, but it's still well above average for this type of film. 
fair For all its sympathy toward adolescent angst, it turns out that Charlie Bartlett is really about reassuring and reinforcing worried adults. 
bad While there are a few goofy moments, it turns much too serious about midway through and loses a lot of the initial good will as a result. 
fair It's risky business championing an adolescent protagonist who thrives on the illicit. But the appointments Charlie holds in the men's room make an argument most can get behind. 
good An exuberant, unexpectedly smart comedy about the fraught give-and-take between kids and grown-ups. 
fair The film feels like an old person's notion of how young people live. 
good Tart, smart and fun. 
good Charlie Bartlett is an often-laugh-out-loud-funny comedy that takes aim at privileged WASP culture and the public school system with equal fervor. 
bad [Director] Poll never picks a tone to stick with, so the movie is neither quite naturalistic nor stylized enough, and Charlie's character vacillates between charming-soulful and creepy-weird. 
fair The movie is all over the map in tone, and though Downey brings obvious empathy to his alcoholic character, his adversarial relationship with Charlie feels fake and forced. Bueller vs. Rooney was more believably bruising, not to mention much funnier. 
fair There are great swaths of plot in Charlie Bartlett that seem unlikely. And yet, there's a likability to the character and a fair bit of thought to the premise and execution that make it one of the better teen movies in recent years. 
bad Like the teenagers in it, Charlie Bartlett is a movie in search of an identity, wondering just what sort of high-school flick it wants to be when it grows up. 
bad Tone is everything in a movie like this, and director John Poll spends the entire running time trying to find it. 
fair Although much of the film is exaggerated for satirical purposes, somehow, in the eye of the farcical storm, a compelling story gets told. 
bad The soft and derivative script by newcomer Gustin Nash and the lax direction by editor-turned-first-time-director Poll lend the film about as much kick as a placebo. 
good ...in casting Anton Yelchin in the title role they've hit a home run. 
very_bad Smug, painfully unoriginal and about as hip and edgy as a trip to Sears. 
good There's lots to like. 
fair Almost everything in Charlie Bartlett is based on successful teen comedy formulas of the '70s, '80s and '90s. 
good Honors the neuroses of high school while also holding out the hope every teen needs... 
bad Once you remove the layer of imitations, nothing much remains. 
good "Ferris Bueller" for the new millennium. It's a bit more jaded, and the problems are a bit more serious, but Charlie is such a cheerful dude that it's hard not to get caught up in his adventure. 
good Should have been a comedy all the way through ... It's like we have been enjoying a delicious ice cream sundae, only to find broccoli at the bottom of the bowl." 
terrible further proof that Ferris Bueller is dead 
good A non-flashy but uncommonly savvy film about teenage life that one can only hope finds its rightful audience. 
very_bad In the end, the big message of Charlie Bartlett was said better and more succinctly in an R.E.M. song. Everybody Hurts. 
terrible I'm going to be really f****** depressed if Charlie Bartlett isn't the worst, most irresponsible movie I see this year. 
terrible Charlie Bartlett asks audiences to believe that its protagonist is so sheltered that he has no clue how bizarre his precious, overly mannered behavior looks to his peers. 
fair This high school dramedy feels strangely earthbound, despite an articulate script and an engaging cast. 
bad Certainly more fun than Michael Clayton, but Ferris Bueller this isn't. 
fair Though Bartlett occasionally misfires, the trips and stumbles are made nearly irrelevant by the rampant innovativeness and ingenuity at hand. 
bad Mediocre writers ignore reality, opting for clumsy wish fulfillment and hoping we won't notice they make no sense. Sadly, Charlie Bartlett is an example of that school of non-thought. 
bad It overdoes the quirkiness and underdoes the character development, but, in the end, it's salvaged by a remarkable performance by Robert Downey Jr., who hardly ever gives any other kind. 
good It's not much of a movie, but it is an impressive calling card for the young star. 
bad What more could one ask of a nostalgia trip? 
bad It's like Ferris Bueller's Day Off by way of The Virgin Suicides, and believe me when I tell you the two absolutely do not mix. 
bad A lightweight outing heavy on convention. 
good I would classify Charlie Bartlett as a smart teen film. It's more ambitious and overall more successful than its '80s forebears even though the resemblance is unmistakable. 
bad Neither feels authentically like high school nor decides on an appropriate tone. 
good If you give in to the charms of Charlie Bartlett, he will no doubt win you over. This is after all Anton Yelchin's show, and it's a doozie 
very_good A stimulating character study composed in the rarified air of satiric, good humor that takes off with side doses of social relevancy. 
very_good Cast and crew maintain an engagingly snarky tone throughout the film, with raucous dialog and a gleeful willingness to crush teen movie stereotypes. 
bad Here's a film that carries a heavy message about the mis-use of prescription medication amongst today's teens, but does so in a very clever (and fun) way. 
fair A wonderful iteration of the adolescent coming-of-age movie. 
very_bad A feeble entry into the teen-movie lexicon. 
good A surprisingly strong addition to the high school comedy genre with more rounded characters and realistic situations than one normally gets. 
fair This spare, downbeat shocker shows considerable promise within the scope of its own modest ambitions. 
fair This Argentinian horror film consistently hits the right creepy points while exhibiting impressive gory effects created with extremely limited resources. 
good As with the best science fiction, the technology of the future is used to explore the human condition of the present. 
terrible Occasional zingers from co-stars like Sebastian Stan as a rival coach and Thomas Middleditch as Hope's assistant poke through and may rouse your from your stonefaced stupor. 
very_bad For a movie with a critique of mediocrity well within its grasp, this one settles for an embrace of it, barely breaking a sweat. 
very_bad The foul-mouthed nature of half the film - during which the writers seem to be under the mistaken idea that if one swear word is funny, then two must be doubly so and so on - also sits uncomfortably with the cutesy cliche romance portion of proceedings. 
bad A grueling experience to sit through if you're not in on the central joke and Rauch's character. 
very_bad THE BRONZE feels like a film that had all the ingredients for a breakout indie comedy, but just totally screwed up the recipe nonetheless. 
bad While it stumbles through the routine much of the way it just manages to stick the landing. 
bad A cleverly conceived, occasionally funny, but mostly unpleasant motion picture. 
bad Oh Lindsay Lohan, where has your talent gone? 
very_bad Lohan acts out in muddled mother-daughter comedy. 
terrible A fluffy comedy about a young woman who was repeatedly raped by her stepfather. 
fair Rarely awful, Garry Marshall's films consistently exhibit a veneer of banality, and Georgia Rule is no exception. 
very_bad click for full review 
terrible Since when did sexual abuse find its way into a comedy?I guess when it's part of a screenplay written by Mark Andrus and directed by Garry Marshall ("Pretty Woman"). 
very_bad The only people who would be attracted to actually watching this film aren't going to be able to watch it anyway. 
terrible A family drama that flies all over the place and does not do justice to the serious ethical issues it raises. 
fair ...it's ultimately difficult not to be drawn into the soap opera-ish exploits of the central characters. 
very_bad If there's not a dry eye in the house when Lilly and Rachel finally hug, it's only because audiences will have cleared out by that point. 
terrible Does anybody really want to see a quirky incest comedy? Yuck. 
bad Georgia Rule isn't a bad movie. It's several bad movies in one, with a good movie trying to get out. 
good It may not be good news for casting agents and some directors, but Lohan is the real deal. She can act. 
good A genre-bending female empowerment flick masquerading as a titillating teensplurt. 
terrible Georgia Rule is about as Lohan as it can go. 
bad The central problem with the movie isn't that it deals with several hot-button topics, but that it addresses them with a shocking lack of emotional honesty. 
terrible A tedious yawn with only a few bright spots. 
best In the end this film is genuine and sincere. It tugs at peoples emotions and if you have ever struggled in a mother-daughter relationship you can really relate. 
fair There is enough to admire here that you may agree it's worth a look. At the same time, the film doesn't emotionally satisfy as strongly as it should. One thing's clear though: this is Lohan's picture, and she walks away with it. 
bad The characters would be better off on the set of The Jerry Springer Show than anchoring their own film. 
terrible Georgia Rule doesn't make you feel good; it makes you queasy. 
very_bad Spin it however they like, the troubled but talented Lohan isn't what's wrong with this misbegotten mess. 
very_bad You'd think that decree No. 1 for a movie about rules would be to know exactly what kind of picture you're making and selling. Georgia Rule fails that basic test, and a whole lot of other ones besides. 
good As an acting showcase -- the supporting roles are as rich as the leads -- Georgia Rule is undeniably one of the year's best American dramedies. 
terrible It's a creepy, tone-deaf movie about three generations of women. 
bad A bar of soap is a repeated element in Georgia Rule, and rightly so. Suds rise in this capably acted fem-drama laced with slap-in comedy. 
terrible Frankly, it's a wonder that stars Jane Fonda and Felicity Huffman didn't belly up to the bar alongside Lohan, once they read Mark Andrus' screenplay, an atonal, ersatz mix of garden-variety family dysfunction and rank 'chick flick' cliches. 
terrible A murky blend of melodrama and comedy. 
terrible Do not take your mom to Georgia Rule unless she's Roseanne Barr. You may expect a three-generational chick flick, but what you get is a child-rape comedy. 
terrible Misguided at best and repellent at worst. 
bad The actresses, notably Fonda, are fine, but the characters are a collection of cliches and behaviors that feel as patently false as the generic town built around them. 
terrible You can see what they are striving for, but Georgia Rule is so artificial, it feels like more of a flow chart than a slice of life. 
bad No wonder Lindsay Lohan got scolded for missing work during this production; I'd also try to stay away as long as I could from a project that's this confused. 
bad Georgia Rule stars Jane Fonda in the story of what her life would be like if Lindsay Lohan were her granddaughter. Here's a hint: It would suck. 
very_bad Georgia Rule veers back and forth awkwardly between humour and drama, getting both wrong. The various family secrets and plot twisties in the tale are painfully, psych 101 obvious. 
terrible Not to excuse her apparent lack of professionalism, but can you blame Lohan for showing up to work in bad shape? 
terrible If there is a 'What Were They Thinking?' Hall of Shame, there's a whole wall preserved for Georgia Rule, a feel-good, mothers-and-daughters comedy about child sexual abuse. 
good There's little gussied up in this surprisingly tart mother-child-grandchild reunion picture, written by Mark Andrus. 
terrible Georgia Rule is not just a bad movie, it's a creepy one. 
bad It's a shame Lohan's best work to date is bogged down in a film that wants to be in the same league as Terms of Endearment but is only marginally better than Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. 
terrible Georgia Rule is a bad idea dreadfully executed -- On Golden Pond with fellatio jokes and whimsical incest melodrama and Fonda playing her dad (who, more and more, she eerily resembles). 
fair Not just another bratty teen movie, but one that delves into the intriguing and heartbreaking reasons behind the brattiness. 
bad Strong performances and its R rating help keep Georgia Rule from being a completely overemotional, Lifetime TV mush fest, but only slightly. 
good All three (stars) are compelling and vibrant, which will make many viewers wish the actresses had a stronger script to work with and a more confident director to guide them. 
very_bad The casting almost feels like some kind of cruel joke on Lohan. 
fair Quite a bit smarter than some of director Garry Marshall's other weepies... but his big, happy, clumsy style ultimately isn't suited for finely tuned melodrama. 
terrible it takes a horribly serious and painful subject then tries to surround it with a bad parody of Hee Haw 
good Lohan's an extremely talented actress when she wants to be and it's roles in films like Mean Girls and Georgia Rule that proves she can be one of the great ones. 
very_bad Georgia Rule wants to be a smart, funny movie about redemption and forgiveness, but none of the women in this film exhibited any of those noble qualities. Critic's rule: save your money on this one. 
terrible A lighthearted romp about sexual abuse, alcoholism, and familial angst, and, as if that weren't bad enough, the movie wants to be taken seriously. 
fair While it has all the ingredients of bad chick flicks, this doesn't degenerate into total bathos, thanks to the electric Lohan. Without Lindsay, this would be a dud. 
terrible The most insensitive comedy ever about alcoholism or the softest drama ever about child molestation. 
terrible How bad is it for actresses in Hollywood? Well, three really good ones thought Georgia Rule was their best option. 
bad With a different tone -- or in different hands -- its dark and light elements might have managed to coexist rather than vie so awkwardly for attention. 
fair The American public likes nothing better than a tragedy with a happy ending, William Dean Howells observed. But Marshall so cautiously downplays the tragic elements of his plot that the sweetness and light left a sour taste in my mouth. 
very_bad Well-acted, sometimes amusing but flat-out tone-deaf. 
bad Opening with a raunchy but light comic tone, the story veers into queasy territory. 
terrible Director Garry Marshall's comedy-drama suffers from an unfortunate role reversal. The comedy is stunningly unfunny, while the drama is sometimes disturbingly funny. 
bad Georgia Rule, directed by Garry Marshall from a script by Mark Andrus, swerves and spins, taking its predictable plot in some surprising directions. 
bad Maybe Georgia Rule should be required viewing for Paris Hilton during her term in the slammer. But not for us. 
terrible A comedy about sexual abuse. Nice. 
terrible The tone is so inconsistent that the only effect it has is to confuse the audience. 
fair Even when the lack of forward motion in the narrative shines through, Georgia Rule is worth watching for Lindsay Lohan alone. 
terrible If there was ever a film project that deserved sabotaging, this is it. 
good A far better, more absorbing melodrama than its titular conceit would have you expect. 
very_bad With this film's top-notch acting ensemble, Georgia Rule has the sad taint of what might have been. 
terrible Garry Marshall has to be the most tone-deaf filmmaker at work today. 
very_bad If you're able to ignore all the lameness around it, some of this is actually enjoyable in a so-wrong-it's-right, Showgirls-style way. 
terrible A messier-than-thou melodrama that's guaranteed to repel. 
fair The film's blueness (in an X-rated sense) will turn some faces red, have the guys in the audience panting, and burn Lohan's name into the marquee. 
terrible So facile that it posits "I love you" as the quick-fix remedy for its characters' myriad, deeply rooted grievances. 
bad Convoluted, contrived and cliche'-ridden, evoking Robert Frost's "Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in." 
fair It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them. 
bad An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same. 
terrible There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope 
good Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling. 
bad In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended. 
fair The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street." 
terrible I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say. 
bad The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on. 
good Uneven; definitely has its moments. 
good Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters. 
best Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant. 
good What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy. 
best Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time. 
best The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young. 
good Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience. 
good Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction. 
bad ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected... 
best Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge. 
best Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in. 
very_good Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination. 
best Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it. 
very_good This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki. 
best Spirited Away is wonderful. 
best A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril. 
best Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it. 
best Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation. 
good I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film 
fair Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in. 
very_good 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico' 
best It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before. 
best The wonders never stop. 
best One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other. 
best A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did. 
best Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology. 
best E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas. 
very_good I could hardly wait for the next plot twist or astonishing set piece, not to mention what visual magic Miyazaki still had up his sleeve (and he has plenty!). 
very_bad Yes, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination, but it's also a failure of storytelling. 
good ...its visual style is remarkably beauteous and its creative touches abundantly imaginative. 
good Much of what makes the film work lies in the combination of its small touches and emotionalism, making it something more than a film for people who like to get stoned and go watch freaky animation (though it almost certainly works on that level, too). 
best I hate to gush in the first sentence of a review, but I absolutely love this film. 
best One of the greatest animated films ever made. 
best like a combination of 'The Wizard of Oz' and 'Alice in Wonderland' retold by a clever storyteller who incorporates his own details, twists and bits of humor into the plot. 
fair Repeatedly reminded me of the later Oz books, with Chihiro's Dorothyesque role in a surreal and perilous fantasy land. 
bad Taking a page from "Alice In Wonderland" seems to have helped. 
very_good It's weird, wonderful, and not necessarily for kids. 
very_good The imagery is rich, colorful and imaginative -- as you'd expect from Miyazaki. 
best The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago. 
bad It's a bloody shame that the anime film with the strongest theatrical push I can remember has to be this one. 
very_bad Sorry, y'all -- I give up. 
best Prepare to be Spirited Away by this amazing animated film. 
very_good In scene after scene, Spirited Away unleashes so much wonder and visual imagination that you end up watching the movie in a state of rapturous, awestruck bliss. 
best It's perplexing but always enthralling. 
best A feast for lovers of animation. 
best Miyazaki ... conjures up worlds that are wondrously bizarre yet follow their own peculiar logic. 
good It's easy to get lost amid the flow, as characters transform and magical powers emerge and disappear without warning. 
good As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming. 
best This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family. 
very_good Spirited Away is a wonderous tale for grade schoolers that never condescends or spoon feeds its themes. Miyazaki's characters and situations are so engaging that he can condemn greed and environmental negligence without ever sermonizing. 
good Genius and nothing but -- that's what Miyazaki means. 
best 'Alice in Wonderland meets the East...taking full advantage of the complex powers of anime and its freedom to go wherever the mind can imagine.' 
best Visually imaginative, thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful, it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality. 
good That the story sometimes makes not a lick of sense is among its virtues, imparting as it does the exhilarating feeling that anything can happen. 
best A breathtakingly magical animated fable that lifts your spirits and carries you away to a world far beyond your wildest imagination. 
best At its heart and most importantly, Spirited Away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself. 
very_good The colors, textures, and settings are impressively beautiful, and the overall effect is mystical and magical, familiar and dreamlike. 
good There is a force of visual rapture in Spirited Away. 
good Children may not understand everything that happens -- I'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated, and undoubtedly delighted. 
bad 'Alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures. 
very_good A film not to miss. 
good The closest American counterpart to Spirited Away is Alice in Wonderland, but no analogy will fully prepare you. 
best An exquisitely formed, flawlessly executed masterwork...As sheerly imaginative and groundbreakingly wondrous as any animated motion picture you are sure to have seen. 
best To say that Miyazaki's intelligent, painstaking, hand-crafted anime is magical, dazzling and brilliant is an understatement - it's incomparable, ingenious and inventive -just watch for a win at Osca-time! 
good This is one heck of a movie, and one can see why it made all that money in Japan. 
good There's a sense of delicacy, and artfulness, in the tone and in the magic. The 10-year-olds who see this like to be scared, but they won't have nightmares days afterward. 
very_good Although anime features aren't all the rage in a majority of American movie theaters, Spirited Away should be a legitimate excuse to change this pending sentiment. 
best Steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal, the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance. 
good Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously. 
good Miyazaki seems to have an inexhaustible supply of ideas to fill the screen and to fill screen time. 
good The shape-shifting creatures might be a little too imaginative for traditional audiences to get their heads around. 
very_good Miyazaki has provided another triumph, and, in the midst of the quality fall-off of Disney's in-house animated projects, a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice. 
best Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode. 
very_good A smashing technical achievement coming out against greed, gluttony, and pre-adolescent whining. 
good It almost goes without saying that the animation is jaw dropping. 
best Even though Disney released this film, Spirited Away points up just how by-the-numbers the studio's fare can be. 
best Creating a rare story-world that follows a consistent logic yet allows for most anything to happen, Miyazaki again proves himself to be more genii than filmmaker. 
good Spirited Away is every bit as captivating for its sheer graphic power as it is for its message of go-get-'em-girl power. 
very_good Has the mythic quality and the familiarity of great children's literature. 
best Miyazaki, the master animator and director of the enchanting Kiki's Delivery Service and Princess Mononoke, leads us through the looking glass as never before in Spirited Away. 
best An animation landmark as monumental as Disney's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. 
good A lovely, evocative tour de force. 
very_good Spirited Away is one of the most richly imaginative and visually spectacular films you will see this year. 
best This is one of the year's best films. 
good Hayao Miyazaki may be one of Japan's leading animators, but in his new film, Miyazaki's Spirited Away, he also envelops you in a wondrous landscape of archetypal magic. 
good Spirited Away delivers chunks of Yellow Submarine and The Phantom Tollbooth -- a vividly timeless oddity suitable for many children and most stoners. 
best Hayao Miyazaki's breathtakingly beautiful and poetic Spirited Away -- a Japanese cross between Alice in Wonderland and The Wizard of Oz -- is such a landmark in animation that labeling it a masterpiece almost seems inadequate. 
good Spirited Away is too intense for the youngest viewers, but teenagers will enjoy it -- an ill-smelling 'stink-god' character is almost worthy of a Kevin Smith gross-out movie -- and grown-ups should find it diverting, if not exactly deep. 
very_good Spirited Away has the quality of a dream: It takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along. 
best The film is not recommended for toddlers and easily frightened little tykes. But for everyone else, kid or grown-up, this thrilling foray into magical realms is a must. 
best A haunting and indelible fable that warms the chilly soul of Japanese anime and points the way for its American sponsor. 
best Writing about a film like Spirited Away isn't about regurgitating information out for those who know little about it, but more of an experience in reminiscing. 
fair A must-see for Japanamation fans, anyone familiar with Japanese folklore, or anyone sick of the boring stories that typically accompany American animation. 
best Every scene brings a new set of wonders to delight and sometimes stagger the mind 
very_good This instant classic spins a web that will snare anyone with an imagination. 
best A work of beauty with a surprising capacity to be cute and cunning. 
very_good A movie full of bewitching images and timeless fun and beauty. 
very_good It's a beautiful experience, nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score. 
bad An epic film of very bizarre proportions... kinda like a Japanese acid trip, but without the drugs. 
best Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year. 
best When animators go to animator heaven, they will probably view drawings of the caliber of those in Sprited Away. 
bad It's easy to give this one credit for the mind-blowing creativity, but I can't recommend this to anyone who's not already a fan of Miyazaki or mind-expanding drugs...it's just not going to translate. 
very_good Plot here takes a backseat to set pieces that flow into each other like a glorious stream of consciousness. 
best Even the worst Miyazaki picture is a remarkable achievement, and Spirited Away is one of his better films. 
bad Certain movies engage your affections so strongly that, even if they start to fall apart, you tend to keep rooting for them. That's pretty much the case with Newsies. 
very_good Bale and Menken are literally what make the movie sing. 
fair Despite Newsies' many flaws, it's bracing to see Disney attempt a PG movie about something as meaty as labor relations. Would that every strike be resolved with so little bloodshed and so many songs. 
bad Newsies is a live-action musical, but it's only barely alive. Call it Snoozies. 
good Stop the presses! Newsies is the best live-action movie musical since Little Shop of Horrors. 
good An old-fashioned musical that is better when its characters sing and dance than when they talk. 
bad Though the cast is large, no interesting or even moderately well-rounded personalities emerge from it, and no compelling relationships emerge between the characters. 
bad Bale and the cast are energetic and fun to watch, and the story itself is fascinating history. But the songs and choreography are a disappointment. 
bad As a drama, it features potent material. But by presenting this as a musical, all hope is lost, thanks to imminently forgettable tunes and the casting of actors who can't sing. 
bad Kids go on strike in gritty, historical musical. 
bad Making his directorial bow, choreographer Kenny Ortega strains valiantly to breathe life into this misguided musical. 
good It's a bit of a throwback and a solid family film and, at the time, represented a well-intentioned leap of faith of the sort that studios rarely take. 
very_bad Overdone, splashy period Disney musical. 
terrible Pretty much "sucksies." 
terrible Looks exactly like what it is, a spectacularly bad idea. 
very_bad If the crick in my neck is any indication, I watched Kenny Ortega's Newsies like a dog hears a new sound. Most probably, my eyebrow was also arched. 
bad People need heroes and uplifting tales, I suppose, but why alter history to give them to the masses? 
very_bad Although the material does indeed involve young protagonists, no effort is made to show their lives in a way today's kids can identify with. This movie must seem as odd to them as a foreign film. 
good If there were 10 other musicals in the past few years for comparison, I'm not sure where Newsies would place. But as it is, this is the only game in town - and it's quite entertaining most of the way. 
bad This is primarily a children's movie and I have a hard time working up much rancor against a movie as campily perverse as this one is. I sat through the whole thing in open-mouthed wonder. 
bad About 50 percent campy fun -- with another 50 percent of rather dull adventure. 
bad You can't manufacture honest sentiment.... So, I'd have to call the movie a noble miss. 
terrible The film felt very anti-climatic to me for some reason. 
bad Where the film's ambitions crumble is in its avowed refusal to make its audience too uncomfortable. 
good Things We Lost in the Fire sounds like a made-for-Lifetime weeper. But two superlative performances means "Fire" is anything but a by-the-book drama. 
good Less than profound, but consistently honest, Things We Lost in the Fire is neither triumphant nor great, but it is meaningful. 
fair ...never entirely comes off as the searing, hard-to-watch drama it's presumably supposed to be. 
very_bad "Things We Lost In The Fire" is an overlong downer that crumbles under the relentless strain of anger and grief. 
very_good In an unusual season with so many films are aimed at adults Things We Lost may be the most mature of the lot. 
very_good A sobering and intimate look at how we handle loss, "Things We Lost in the Fire" is owned by the performance of Benicio del Toro. 
very_bad Benicio is the heroine addict with a heart of gold! 
bad The first time you stare into Halle Berry's iris, it's interesting; by the fifth and sixth time it's exasperating. 
good Story of death and redemption too much for kids. 
very_good Berry gives a riveting performance, but as a deeply decent man trapped in a hell of his own making, Del Toro gives the kind of career performance Berry gave in Monster's Ball. 
fair Danish director Bier focuses on themes and relationships in what's otherwise a rather contrived melodrama. 
bad A lovable heroin addict helps a widow and her children cope with loss... Obvious and unconvincing... 
bad ...raw and anguished performances... 
good Susanne Bier's first English-language film is a superbly written, powerfully emotional drama with terrific, Oscar-worthy performances from Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro. 
good Del Toro's face can be a map of emotions, and he's allowed to unfold it freely. 
good A shimmering example of just how good Benicio Del Toro has become, as well as how bad Halle Berry has pretty much always been. 
bad The most remarkable thing about Things We Lost in the Fire is the fact that Susanne Bier came all the way from Denmark to make this movie. 
good Look for Benicio Del Toro's name next to my friend Hal Holbrook and (hopefully) Max Von Sydow when the Best Supporting Actor names are listed. 
very_good ...plays like Inarritu Lite, which means it's not terrible, but it does pretend to a substance it doesn't in fact deliver. 
terrible Excuse me, but wasn't this soap opera supposed to be about Halle's grieving character's loss of a husband, not about her worrying about losing her looks? It doesn't get any more shallow than this. 
fair ...a muddled story that features an outstanding performance by Del Toro ...wrapped up in pretentious storytelling. 
bad Only the acting is remarkable in this agonizingly morose, tedious melodrama that unfolds at the pace of a death march. 
bad This story never quite transcends the melodrama because the characters don't grow or change... they just stay mired in the muck of their soap opera existence. 
good The movie is an engrossing melodrama, and it has its heart in the right place. 
good Surprisingly, this insightful tearjerker is padded with expressive layers well beyond the average made-for-television sentiments because of the penetrating performances. 
good [Benicio Del Toro's] managed to top even himself; this most recent performance is right up there with the best screen turns, not just of his generation but of all time. 
good Its deliberate pacing may put some viewers off, as will the bleakness of the subject matter, but it's worth seeing, mostly to soak up the complex shades of Del Toro's performance. 
very_good Bier, a veteran of the Danish Dogme95 collective that demanded raw authenticity over artificial gloss, brings an honest, distinctly European feel to the melodrama. Could this mean a new direction for popular American movies? Let's hope so. 
fair If this were a Susanne Bier film made on her home turf we'd feel a lot more wrung out by the movie's end. Instead we're just worn out. 
fair Should you go? Yes, mostly because Del Toro is electrifying. 
good A wistful and often lovely film. 
very_good [Director] Bier knows the difference between drama and melodrama. 
fair It's a soaper about a doper and a classy widow. Keep that in mind, even if you give way to seduction. 
very_bad Del Toro delivers another powerfully simple and effective performance. Berry is fine but her character just doesn't add up, perhaps inevitable in a movie that seems to have been lost somewhere in translation. 
good Watching Del Toro bring glimmers of intelligence and kindness to his character's messed-up surface makes the audience want to stick with him through the movie. 
good A movie about loss and mourning and bottomless sadness. But its very production is, on another level, a reason to celebrate. 
very_bad This movie is the most irritating example yet of how both film and TV have taken to shooting even the phoniest, soapiest stories with that drunken, shaky, ultra- close-up camerawork that says, 'Hey, look at us! We're being all documentaryish!' 
good It is a testament to how well the movie is made that even the most hardened viewer might find himself tearing up at moments -- and you won't have to hate yourself in the morning. 
good Though it is erratic and can come off as manufactured, this film has the gift of gathering strength as it goes on. It harnesses the talents of stars Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro in ways that ultimately make us sit up and take notice. 
best [Director] Bier steers clear of Hollywood formula. Her low-key, natural style comes by its drama honestly, with little manipulation and lots of character development. 
good Simply put, do not go to this film if you are looking for a romantic comedy or a routine drama. Things We Lost in the Fire offers no such escapism. Instead, even in a fiction, it brings us face to face with the demons of life. 
fair Apart from the mobile camera and a moderately challenging time-jumping script, this is weepy women's cable-television fare of the tears-and-cuddles variety. 
good Though it flirts with melodrama to the tipping point, the movie, like the characters played by Berry and her costar Benicio Del Toro, ultimately makes connections too honest, hopeful and human to induce guilt on the part of any open-hearted moviegoer. 
good Yields more satisfaction than complaints. 
fair [Benicio Del Toro's] is the only character with human flaws, and in a movie perfect people tend to be boring. 
bad Overwrought indies aren't typically my thing and this achingly angsty melodrama does little to alter my thinking. 
very_good An emotionally-draining yet uplifting film about grief and redemption that should put Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier on America's radar. 
very_bad As yet another example of a gifted foreign filmmaker...fudging up their reputation by traveling over to Tinsel Town for some Western promise, Things We Lost in the Fire is Lifetime lite cinema masquerading as actual A-list excellence. 
bad A movie that, despite its fine acting, has the emotional impact of a general anesthetic. 
fair Lacks the urgency of [director Bier's] Danish films. 
bad However, there is one element to "Things We Lost In the Fire" that does work spectacularly well and that is the central performance by Benicio Del Toro. 
good Benicio Del Toro is so natural and captivating you will be amazed, but Halle Berry gets the overwrought stuff. 
bad With all the characters busily turning their lemons into lemonade, this film risks little and demands nothing from the viewer save tears of empathy. 
bad Complicated and raw 
good Beautifully shot. 
good Just watching Del Toro's eyes provides an emotional fire Allan Loeb's script can't hope to match. 
good A deeply emotional film that gives us a deeper respect for those trying to recover from the loss of a loved one or enslavement to an addiction. 
bad A good grief movie is supposed to leave you feeling like crap but, Things We Lost in the Fire ended up making me laugh. 
bad Light on plot, which wouldn't be a problem if the mildly rote characters held more depth than they do. 
fair A rare tragic drama that doesn't let its characters off easy, but doesn't unreasonably punish them either. 
terrible Maudlin, mawkish, unintentionally hilarious, and utterly devoid of human emotion. The word I'm searching for, I guess, is "alien." 
fair [Director] Bier is graceful, observant of small details, but her efforts to mine a greater meaning through the camera than Loeb has put on the page is a fruitless endeavor. 
bad Evolves as a story of sadness from the outside looking in, rather than a vivid depiction of hearts finding ways to become unbroken. 
good Is there another face in the movies as endlessly fascinating as Benicio Del Toro's? 
very_good Things We Lost in the Fire deals frankly and openly with the wounds -- some obvious, some not so obvious -- that are left by the tragic, untimely loss of a loved one. At times, the film is unsparing. 
good Consistently well-acted and, for a studio picture, pretty sharp on the subject of addiction and recovery and relapse. 
bad [Director] Bier's meditation on guilt, redemption, coping and addiction feels so much like old hat that it doesn't carry the weight to which it aspires. 
fair In a case of cathartic mutual therapy, Berry once again knocks me out with the depth of her talent and the perfection of her beauty. 
best Jolson's best acting; great Rodgers & Hart score; quirky rhymed dialogue 
very_good Even things that are more jarring than effective -- school children and teachers singing "My Country 'Tis of Thee" with a cut on every syllable -- are unforgettable. 
good A very strange, pre-code, quasi-musical with a socialist message and a talking performance by silent comic Harry Langdon. 
fair Previous films such as "Gunners Palace" and the more famous "War Tapes" gave us intimate footage of the day to day danger and tedium of the war, but no film has shown both sides with the power and accuracy of "Battle for Haditha" 
fair Lacking in subtlety and nuance, Broomfield's nerve-jangling movie nonetheless succeeds in showing the war from various vantage points. And from wherever one's standing, the view is profoundly disturbing. 
good Broomfield very effectively balances these storylines with superb cutting. 
good Remember when your mother warned that playing video games would desensitize you to violence? Now witness Exhibit A: a docudrama showcasing Generation Kill's all volunteer army in all its glory. 
fair There's a size and scope to the film we haven't seen in Broomfield's prior work that shows him capable of creating a piece of cinema on par with Michael Winterbottom's films. 
very_bad I can't begin to describe how creepy this futuristic movie is. 
bad If Broomfield hoped to shed some light on what happened at Haditha beyond our worst preconceptions, he's failed. 
bad In Battle for Haditha the British filmmaker Nick Broomfield revisits a wretched chapter of the war in Iraq. 
terrible This film by Nick Broomfield, which superficially resembles Brian De Palma's Redacted in that it is a mockumentary based on real, horrible events, is a 90-minute libel against the Marine Corps. 
terrible Amounts to overkill and leaves no room for interpretation or analysis. 
good the most sustained and unshakable narrative film to investigate the occupation of Iraq 
bad Looking at Nick Broomfield's filmography and seeing three decades of documentaries, you'd think that by now he would be more aware of the fallacies of cinematic objectivity. 
good The most apolitical film yet made about the conflict...showcasing villainy on every side, but nobility and sometimes heroism as well. 
terrible ...this could've been a searing documentary... 
good A heart-warming, mother-daughter drama that's also a ghost story. 
good What this movie is about, and where it succeeds best, is the primordial level of fear. 
best Quite simply, Jaws is a masterclass in blockbuster entertainment -- a tense, exciting thriller that redefined contemporary cinema. They don't make them like this anymore. 
best John Williams's Oscar-winning music and the excellent performances of Roy Scheider and Richard Dreyfuss add to the ingeniously mounted tension that cleverly plays on all our deepest primeval fears. 
best Spielberg knows exactly how the human mind works, and he uses that knowledge to plumb the elemental fear buried deep within. 
fair ...the movie's justifiably legendary opening [paves] the way for an engrossing first act that's heightened by both Scheider's magnetic performance and the inclusion of several unbearably tense interludes. 
best Spielberg fashioned an instant classic whose success owes as much to his superb orchestration as to the substantial jolts and knockout performances by Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw and Richard Dreyfuss. 
very_good Before we see anything, our ears are chilled by composer John Williams' menacing two note soundtrack which then builds into that unforgettable frenzy as the unseen shark savages its first victim. 
best Jaws retains its power to enthrall and shock at the same time. 
very_good It remains an influence on the modern blockbuster, and is one of its best examples. 
best This is a suspense classic that leaves teeth-marks. 
best Jaws is a perfect blend of set-pieces and story, its formula so hard to capture it's now near-mythical - filmmakers have been chasing it like Ahab chasing Moby Dick ever since. 
best The aquatic terror is deftly balanced with lively, likeable characterisations. 
best Forget Saving Private Ryan, and Schindler's List. This is Spielberg's masterwork. 
best One of the absolute masterpieces of populist cinema. 
best Five-star movie could scare the pants off kids. 
best Spielberg has directed a film which contains many unforgettable and suspenseful moments. That Jaws was only his second feature film says something about the talent and ingenuity the man possessed even at such an early stage in his career. 
best To be brief and to the point, the GREATEST FILM EVER MADE! Thank you for your time. 
best A looming, terrifying catch of the day. 
best A classic. Tense, engrossing, scary and, subsequently, endlessly influential. 
best Like all the best suspense films, "Jaws" manages to somehow remain amazingly tense, even if you've seen the film before. No wonder so many moviegoers went back for repeat viewings. 
best It's no wonder a generation of holidaymakers still thinks twice before stepping into the water. 
best A masterpiece. 
best Nowadays, it doesn't really scare me anymore, but I love watching it for the way it moves. 
best One of the greatest horror films made. The opening sequence is not only a classic, it's still frightening nearly three decades after it was made. 
best It just might be one of the very best movies ever made. 
best When it comes to this kind of thriller, no movie has been able to top Jaws, although many have tried. And, as the years go by, it seems increasingly unlikely that anything will come close. 
very_good I loved the film more this time than I had the first time I watched it. 
very_good Director Steven Spielberg has constructed a chillingly frightening film. 
best One of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of Hollywood. 
best An astonishingly effective thriller built on a very primal level: fear. 
very_good It was the beast that launched a thousand monster movies. 
best A film that sealed Steven Spielberg's talent as a master entertainer. 
best One of the most effective thrillers ever made. 
best Well, it's about this shark... 
best ...a classic, action-adventure monster movie, maybe the best ever made. (Blu-ray edition) 
very_good One of those rare films that really deserved its commercial success and its place among the best films of all times. 
best One of the best American films of the 1980s. 
best The look of the film is absolutely gorgeous. 
fair Except for the Mozart music and Tharp movements around the edges, Amadeus plays like a monument to mediocrity. 
best The performance of Abraham, who won the Best Actor Oscar for it, is monumental, and so is Forman's direction. 
best Amadeus is simply one of the finest biographical dramas ever made. 
very_good The subject of artistic creation is typically handled badly in the movies.... [Amadeus] treats the subject of creativity in a fresh way. 
best Milos Forman's opulent drama is sheer quality. 
good Great movie, but not quite true to history. 
best A witty and highly imaginative historical fiction, well adapted by screenwriter Peter Shaffer from his own hit play. [Blu-ray] 
best ...if the director, the producer, and the writer approved of the added scenes, I'm not going to complain. One way or the other, Amadeus remains a great film. 
good When Amadeus deals with the music -- and with the theme of greater and lesser talents in conflict -- it frequently justifies its reputation. 
best [A] grandiose masterpiece. 
best Such a wonderful mix of sight and sound, of humor and drama, of love and hate, of ugliness and beauty. 
best Two amazing performances cap a stellar work of musical imagination and creative artistry. 
best Amadeus is a masterful combination of acting and storytelling, of sight and sound. 
bad Director Milos Forman ... gives Tom Hulce free reign to portray the world's most sublime composer as a drunken, selfish fool giggling his way into the ears of Vienna. 
very_good A clever and majestic hybrid of art house fare and middle brow entertainment. 
bad A bit overdone and overblown, the movie could have easily had a half-hour cut out of it, and no one would have noticed. 
best It is arguably the best motion picture ever made about the process of creation and the creator. 
best Terrific entertainment 
best More than a portrait of Mozart: a brilliant examination of the creative impulse and a subtle satire of man's limitations. 
best Hulce's goofy performance is pretty fun to watch in and of itself. He is out for sheer partying and joy like the hardest living Rock Star, a dandy fop with a silly laugh and an ego to match. 
best Remarkable fictional account of Mozart's life. One of the best films of its decade. 
best This 'special edition' of Amadeus proves that Abraham's Oscar triumph was no fluke. 
best Reminds us that movies can be lyrical as well as vulgar, ambitious as well as playful, brilliant as well as down and dirty -- just like Amadeus himself. 
good The urge to revisit old successes in an attempt to "improve" upon them is a risky venture at best. 
best The story is utterly devastating, but it is lifted and made accessible by the combination of cinematic ingenuity and astonishingly real performances. 
best Uma obra de arte realmente a altura do homem que a inspirou. 
best In a film of grand gestures, some of the finest moments are very subtle. 
best A gloriously colorful confection of music, theater and emotion. 
very_good It captures the smack and wit of Peter Shaffer's stage play. 
good Boy, what a movie. 
very_good Most costume epics come complete with a deadly seriousness, a dreary self-importance that demands respect but doesn't earn any love. Amadeus turns that notion on its side and introduces fresh air back into the stuffiness. 
best One of those magical and rare films with a nearly perfect mixture of beautiful writing, glorious music, elegant cinematography, remarkable acting, dazzling art direction, and an engrossing story. 
good Like the composers the film so wondrously depicts, Amadeus: Director's Cut is a divine work in need of a little earthly restraint. 
good In any incarnation, Amadeus is beautiful to behold. 
good The principal additions ... are more Amadeus, but not better. 
best Even a longer Amadeus feels and looks just right. 
best Still a work of consummate artistry and craftsmanship. 
good Still overwhelms and entertains with the best of them. 
best Still the most wonderful movie on the subject of music ever made and the best film I've ever seen. 
best Don't miss a chance to see and hear it on the big screen. 
best Teens will be interested to learn that this movie was written by a man whose twin brother was for a time the more commercially successful of the two, both playwrights, which surely influenced his choice of subject and his approach. 
best Watching Amadeus is like listening to Mozart: it is a horrible beauty beyond words. 
best Entering its third decade, but has lost none of its power to awe. 
best Amadeus is a must for any music lover, any film lover, or anyone who reveres excellence. 
very_good The magnificent, passionate music alone makes it worth watching. The layered story and complex, deeply wounded characters make it worth revisiting again and again. 
good Glossy romance as an angel falls for a surgeon. 
good The movie's eerie, slightly menacing vision of black-clad angels lurking in the shadowy corners of unsuspecting lives is genuinely haunting. 
good As a remake it's not as poetic as Wenders' masterpiece Wings of Desire, but it's supremely mounted (by ace lenser John Seale) and contains touching performances from Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan deviating from their respective screen images. 
very_bad Superb imagery can't compensate for deficiencies of Dana Steven's script and can't hide the formulaic nature of this film. 
very_bad This useless remake lacks the sheer ethereal beauty of the original Wings of Desire. 
very_bad A thinking person's film for those who can't think. 
very_good A beautiful film in many ways. 
good Marries romance and faith in a love story as charming as a handmade valentine. It is so lovely to look at and so sincere in intent that its flaws don't matter much. 
good My face had been locked in that goofy, awestruck expression you experience only in Spielberg movies. City of Angels demonstrates the best kind of emotionally manipulative filmmaking. 
best Uma pequena perola que faz jus ao filme no qual foi inspirada. 
good A lovely oddity. 
best Una de esas que gustan cada vez mas, a medida que se ve y se vuelve a ver. 
very_good Not a typical Hollywood movie. It is beautifully filmed in lush colors by cinematographer John Seale, whose sweeping aerial shots and golden lighting make Los Angeles into an almost unrecognizable new world. 
bad It manages to leave a pleasant afterglow for those in the mood for its kind of loving. 
good Cage, Ryan and Franz are all quite good in their roles. The love story between Seth and Maggie is low-key, but it works. 
fair The monotonic and glacially paced story eventually comes to its completely predictable and highly manipulative ending. 
fair Standard-issue Hollywood romantic fantasy. 
bad My idea for a tagline for this film: 'You will believe that an angel can have a boner.' 
terrible Slow, boring, and long in running time. 
bad [Director Silberling] attempted to make a movie of pure sentiment, but whenever he seems to strike a genuine chord -- and he's clearly capable of touching the viewer -- he pushes it too far and it turns sappy. 
very_bad The emphasis in City of Angels is more on simple romance than lofty questions of eternity. 
very_bad Needless Hollywood dumbing-down of Wim Wenders. 
fair The film struggles to grasp some important topics...but the film has never attained the weight needed to deal with anything of substance. 
good As angel movies go, this is one of the better ones, not least because Meg Ryan is so sunny and persuasive as a heart surgeon who falls in love with an angel. 
good The movie has some good issues to raise about choices and destiny and intimacy and the importance of smelling the roses. 
good A romance and a tear-jerker, but what might have come off as simply maudlin, instead shines brightly with the fine acting of Meg Ryan and Nicolas Cage. 
bad A little too heavy on the melodrama to really succeed as a great love story, this still has good performances from both stars and some heavenly moments. 
good Surprisingly well-executed. 
very_good Manages to update [Wings of Desire] so that the freshness and passion still exist within the characters and the story. It is a triumph of conception, camera movements, and emotional feelings. 
good A powerful, somber and highly intellectual picture, it is not even remotely the kind of thing one would expect to a Hollywood studio to mold into a star vehicle. 
good City of Angels is more romantic than profound, but Dana Stevens' script is thoughtful and intelligent, and I never felt insulted by what the characters say, do, or think. 
good An old-style Hollywood love story, a multi-hanky weeper. 
terrible Awash in angelic choruses and panoramic scenery, the movie aspires toward a solemnity that Dana Stevens's prosaic psychobabbling screenplay cannot support. 
terrible Glossy but with no heart, City of Angels is a smooth, unchallenging bit of fluff, about as romantic as a Hallmark card. 
fair The cheap and easy recycling of old myths and superficial treatment given the significant social milieu of the time is startling. 
good ...guaranteed to turn Motown neophytes into fans. 
good Like some of the poppier Hitsville U.S.A. songs, the film is a little too slick and a little too warm-and-fuzzy... but it is always engrossing and enjoyable... 
good Unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute. 
best The combination of restored history, great music and rich anecdotes make Standing in the Shadows sublime entertainment. 
good A loving tribute to the forgotten legends of Motown. 
very_good If anything, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans. 
very_good It's a thrill to see these guys playing and having fun, stuck in the shadows no more. 
best There have been better documentaries to come out this year, but none can touch this one for unadulterated pleasure. 
good The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime. 
bad While Shadows is a great tribute, it is a poor documentary. They are just as elusive and unknown as before. 
good Scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians Montell Jordan and Joan Osborne singing covers are spectacular. 
good If you are a music fan, this is a great film to see ... and hear. 
good As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars, Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind: informative, revealing and richly entertaining. 
very_bad Totally overwrought, deeply biased, and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time. 
bad As a documentary, Motown isn't all that great. But as a celebration of music, it's absolutely incredible. 
very_good It's poignant, surprising, triumphant, funny, and you can dance to it. 
very_bad The documentary stumbles where it could have soared. 
good Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary. 
good Director Paul Justman hits all the right notes. 
good Try as you might to resist, if you've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson, this movie will worm its way there. 
good You may not end up dancing in the street, but don't be surprised if you cut a step or two in the parking lot. 
good If you love Motown music, you'll love this documentary. 
good The movie lets us realize this Sound, still so alive and vibrant today, was created by flesh-and-blood people, each of whom has a compelling story to tell. 
good This documentary made me laugh, made me cry, and I had to bite my tongue to keep from singing along. It's informative, entertaining, and hard not to love. 
good A good music documentary, probably one of the best since The Last Waltz. 
good A triumphant documentary. 
good A jubilant, highly entertaining, sometimes bittersweet valentine to a neglected confluence of musicians, who reunite 41 years after laying their first Motown notes to tell their story. 
bad When all is said and done, there ain't no mountain high enough that should keep you from getting to this movie. 
good The Motown Sound was, quite simply, their sound. 
best Guaranteed to please even folks who normally avoid documentaries as avidly as Superman keeps clear of Kryptonite. 
good A great story and great music, right down to the final credits. 
good When the old guys sit around and tell their stories, Standing in the Shadows of Motown catches magic on the screen -- a behind-the-curtain peek at some of the world's best-loved music, straight from the cats who made it happen. 
good You may leave the theater with more questions than answers, but darned if your toes won't still be tapping. 
good A lot of fun. 
best After watching it, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history. 
good Standing in the Shadows of Motown is one hell of a party, and it doesn't let anything get in the way of that. 
best This terrific doc pays tribute to a group of musicians unfamiliar even to many soul fans. 
good If there is any doubt about the Funk Brothers' key contributions to the Motown sound, it's dispelled when these aging musicians take the stage with contemporary performers who re-create the classics. 
fair The names are virtually unknown, and yet the music they played is an essential part of the sound of the '60s. 
good This salute to the literally unsung and underrecognized studio heroes of Motown is so good because it is one of those rare documentaries that combine information with smashing entertainment. 
bad Gives the Funk Brothers their due and more, mostly through wonderfully juicy anecdotes. 
best There is a warmth to Standing in the Shadows of Motown that is absent from most documentaries. 
good Ain't no mountain high enough to keep the Funk Brothers from getting to you. 
good Moving and heartfelt documentary about the overlooked heart of the Motown Sound. 
good Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with, and makes you care about music you may not have heard before. 
very_good Much of the movie's value is to document these particular players making beautiful music. 
good It's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more. 
bad A worthy tribute documentary that digs up recognition for the musicians who backed up Marvin Gaye, the Temptations and other Motown legends. 
best I got so involved with the Funk Brothers that by the last half hour the musical numbers brought tears to my eyes. 
very_bad There are suckers out there for the film's brand of shrink-wrapped nostalgia. I'm not one of them. 
bad Packed with too many storylines, this drama feels like a zoo indeed. 
bad A muddled focus keeps We Bought a Zoo from being a guaranteed hit with kids or a captivating adult drama but there are enough compelling moments to make it worthwhile. 
bad In short, We Bought a Zoo is all bore and no roar, and while it's certainly not the worst of Crowe's career, it's far from earning its stripes as a worthy successor to his earlier films. 
good Might be a stereotypical 'family movie,' but it's still a good one. 
bad full review at Movies for the Masses 
bad The film is a button-pusher, but it is so in the nicest way possible. 
fair A few more animal encounters and fewer grief sessions would have been nice, but it's still a solid family film. 
fair It's something of a sweet-natured slog, peppered, as all of Crowe's films are, peppered with the pop music the former pop music journalist loves. 
bad It unfolds like military assault on the tear ducts. Don't know when to cry? Here comes Sigur Ros' Jonsi with an evocative sonic swoop to help you on your way. 
very_bad A mushy metaphor for what it takes to bring a "Cameron Crowe movie" to the big screen. 
bad The shameless manipulation on display here makes one wonder where Cameron Crowe's talent has gone. 
bad You have to admire the thoroughness with which We Bought a Zoo - which is the film Disney would make if they still knew how - caters to the whole family. 
bad Superficially very charming, this lacks depth but is still a pleasant and moving distraction. 
good For all the movie's cute kids and sentimentality, [Damon] is the warm-hearted and convincing heart of this uplifting flick. 
bad It's an easy-going, likable film. 
bad [A] cute comedy drama inspired by a true story. 
bad I always look forward to watching director Cameron Crowe's films or should I say listen to his superior soundtracks. For this former Rolling Stone journalist, music and movies were simply born to run. 
terrible The film lost me at "hallo". 
bad The movie is pretty, sticky, thoroughly innocuous, and quite nice. 
good You can literally see Bourne star Matt Damon enjoying himself at the centre of this heartwarming family movie - and it will make all the difference to your appreciation of it, too. 
bad A warm, Sunday-afternoon-in-the-park type of movie, if that's your thing. 
bad It's engaging enough to keep us watching, but never finds any real focus. 
good The picture may be too wholesome and twee for fans' of the director's edgier work like Almost Famous but it deserves to be a big hit with families. 
bad It isn't the wildest safari you'll ever go on, but it has plenty of attractions to offer less cynical visitors. 
bad Nicely written and featuring a great soundtrack, this is an unashamedly feel-good drama with terrific performances from a superb cast. 
bad Crowe, to his credit, is more concerned with insights about family than romance - and some of these are heart-on-sleeve touching if you've got a sweet tooth for the stickier stuff. 
bad Despite Crowe's integrity and lightness of touch doesn't deliver the emotional experience of, say, Jerry Maguire or Almost Famous. Still, it is good to have the righteous dude back. 
bad Directed by the Norman Rockwell of the classic-rock set, Cameron Crowe, this overdetermined and painfully protracted movie needs more animals and less bathos ('Their happy's too loud,' the sad/wise little girl complains about some partying neighbors). 
bad It's slight, sure, and there's a better, less-glossy film buried in the material, but warm performances redeem Crowe's agreeable return. 
good Crowe simply remembers how to make a sweet story. He allows his huge heart to prevail in a moving coda that, while manipulative, helped me buy into this sentimental tone poem to simple destiny. 
good ... the sort of slovenly assembled, paint-by-numbers time waster that doesn't even seem able to hold the director's attention. 
bad The soundtrack's FM '70s rock classics seem like leftovers from one of Crowe's other movies...or maybe one of his Rolling Stone cover stories. 
best We Bought a Zoo," based on a true story, is an outstanding show that could, and should, bring in herds of viewers. It centers on a man who really did buy a zoo with 200 animals, on his children and on the staff that became their second family. 
good There's an endearing, almost Fitzcarraldo-like irrational obsession to his character that keeps you from rolling your eyes as he continues his silly quest to indulge his ego. 
bad The movie has animals, kids and fine acting from Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson, but it lacks the emotional honesty and unpredictability that made Crowe's early films so irresistible. 
fair There are some sins of overt manipulation here, but in large part due to Matt Damon's ability to make his character's grief real, the movie ultimately succeeds. 
good Family film tackles grief with humor and deep empathy. 
bad For the holidays it does come packaged very well and kids will love the idea of living in the backyard of a zoo, but for some adults it misses the mark. 
good Matt Damon is at his most relatable best in a film that has heart, drama and passion 
good Zoo is contrived but sweet. 
fair The picture annoys you, but it also wrings happy tears, because Crowe pulls at your heartstrings in crafty ways. 
fair Affectionate and amusing, it's uplifting, feel-good family entertainment. 
very_bad Clearly, Crowe doesn't trust the audience to make it from Point A to Point B without stumbling or getting lost. 
bad Minus the corn, it's almost good. 
fair Writer-director Cameron Crowe manages to take what could have been a maudlin disaster and turn it into a workable film. 
fair Matt Damon, a master of the ordinary, can create a rounded, convincing and utterly engaging character out of just about anyone, Benjamin Mee included. 
good Crowe seems to be making baby steps into new territory, both stylistically and emotionally. 
bad A sweet-natured tale about animals and new beginnings that you'll want to see with your kids. 
fair A professional actor in the best sense, always credibly grounded, Damon is much better than the material, and so is Colin Ford who plays the troubled son. 
fair Without Crowe's laid-back approach and Damon's anchoring performance, We Bought a Zoo could have been a sappy disaster. 
good Consider it a fine sign of emotional discipline that the movie doesn't overplay Kelly and Ben's romantic possibilites. 
bad So few films this holiday season can truly be labeled "family film." We Bought a Zoo is one. Sadly, many films wear the label of "boring." We Bought a Zoo is one of them. 
good The tigers are cool, the monkeys are cute, but deep down, Crowe is more interested in the characters. And so are we. 
fair These are ideas from old movies, and presented without any of the conviction those pictures used to give them. 
very_bad Let me begin by saying something nice about Cameron Crowe&rsquo;s We Bought a Zoo: kids will probably like it. Okay, that&rsquo;s all I&rsquo;ve got. 
fair You're very aware of its imperfections, but ultimately find it easy to like. 
best The end result is a film that is pretty much a total delight from top to bottom and even if you don't think that it is the kind that you might normally go for, it turns out that it really is. 
terrible I wish never again to see, and that means forever, a movie sold with billboards depicting cuddly animals, whether they're zebras or tigers or golden retriever puppies, with big red bows wrapped around their heads. 
good "We Bought a Zoo" provides a welcome seasonal dash of wholesomeness and humor, but it's also a heartening celebration of second acts, even at their most unwelcome. 
good Heartwarming holiday fare that even jaded adults can share with the kids. 
best Sure, some if it may be a bit too cute for words, but the smile on your face will overcome the feelings of Bah Humbug that might be trying to sneak out of you. 
bad If you're looking for something the whole family can watch, this is fine. If you're an adult wondering if you need to see it, the answer is no. 
fair Sporadically tests one's sugar endurance, but there's no disputing its sincerity. 
fair Veers too much and too often into the realm of palpable manipulation. 
good The film is sweet. Its observations of life in the aftermath of death ring true, especially for anyone who's traveled the contours of mourning. 
very_bad "We Bought a Zoo" is as phony as a Kardashian marriage. 
bad The creaks, groans and cliches of the screenplay ... are ... finally outstripped by the attractiveness of the performers, those with two legs and more, and especially by the tenderness that Mr. Damon brings to his role. 
fair The filmmakers insufficiently stir the lumpy metaphors, chief among them that for animals, as for humans, there is a difference between cages and enclosures. 
bad While not quite Crowe at his absolute best, it carries his humanistic imprint and benefits from a strong acting ensemble that keep emotions in check. 
bad By trying too hard to stay on this side of hip and the other side of sentimental, Crowe winds up with a zoo that's neither fish nor fowl. 
good What saves the movie is that Crowe isn't afraid of emotion. He's always willing to follow surprising new developments to see how they make his characters feel, and the result of that is almost always entertaining. 
bad "We Bought a Zoo'' is a sweet-natured, terribly unthreatening drama about redemption and renewal, and it may matter more to the man who made it than the audiences who see it. 
good It's reassuring, a little square, and you sense that Crowe, now a father and family man, is reaching out to a new, younger audience. 
very_bad The moment in any family film when dignity goes out the window is an animal reaction shot. 
good People are feeling sorry for Matt Damon, but this isn't the embarrassing disaster you might fear. 
good It's about taking a complete leap of faith toward life-altering changes, a running theme in all the director's movies. 
fair Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo" is an undeniably manipulative crowd-pleaser but there's something about being manipulated in such an expert manner that makes the tugging on the heartstrings easier to take. 
bad This isn't just an exercise in mawkishness, though it's also nowhere near as emotionally resonant as it strives to be. 
bad By the time young Rosie exclaims "We bought a zoo!" for what feels like the umpteenth time, even altruistic idealists will find their inner cynics chucking incredulously. 
good There's a lot of fun waiting at We Bought a Zoo, but it's the feelings that run through every scene that'll make you glad you came. 
fair The sentence 'You may not leave until you get a tear in your eye!' may as well appear on the screen. And yet the PG-rated film connected with me, schmaltz and all. 
bad We Bought a Zoo has its charms. It also has a lot to live up to -- and misses the mark. 
fair Damon, thank the family-friendly-movie gods, really knows how to hold his head above the corn. 
fair The result is too much formula and not enough human interest. 
fair An average movie that's clearly been crafted to bring holiday families together over the popcorn machine. 
bad Crowe's greatest strength is in taking these potentially cloying elements and making them feel human and comforting rather than contrived and sappy. 
good The general sense of blandness and predictability that marks the story's progression does not damage its emotional strengths. We feel for these characters and, because we care about them, we yearn for the highs the film ultimately delivers. 
very_good This is a sweet, funny, unapologetically sentimental film. 
good Proves again that Damon can elevate just about anything in which he appears. 
bad Cameron Crowe returns from movie exile with We Bought a Zoo, a sweet and sentimental ode to new beginnings that features a charming performance from Matt Damon. 
good The performances are sincere and Mr. Damon actually seems to be having a ball, giving one of the best and most mature performances of his career. 
bad Too much of the movie feels predestined---down to the rainstorm on opening day---and subplots involving budding romance end up forcing what's implicit. 
bad Captive humans and exotic animals are an odd mix in mushy melodrama. 
bad If you had hoped writer-director Cameron Crowe would return from his six-year hiatus having shed the demons of Elizabethtown, well, I've got some bad news for you... It seems you just can't reason with an unflinching optimist. 
bad All emotional shortcuts and vaguely defined characters, held together more than it deserves by [Matt] Damon's admirable star turn. 
fair This is the first feature from Crowe since the heavy-handed, overly quirky "Elizabethtown," and while it's not a complete return to form, it's close enough. 
bad We Bought a Zoo drops the cynicism, wears its heart on its sleeve and doesn't mind laying it on thick in an effort to move you. Which it does-whether you like it or not. 
fair ...where We Bought A Zoo earns its stripes is in the process of getting all of its characters to relate to and accept each other. 
very_bad There's an audience for such lazy sentimentality, which means Crowe's half-hearted attempt to revive his career might actually succeed. 
best An emotionally literate film about a grieving family trying to jump-start their lives again by running a small zoo for animals. 
terrible Cliches and contrivances and corniness, oh my! With We Bought a Zoo, writer-director Cameron Crowe dives headfirst into the schmaltzy slop barrel. 
very_bad Cameron Crowe won't suffer another total commercial and critical flameout, but this is no return to form. 
fair If Crowe's films radiate one thing, it's kindness, which is something not a lot of filmmakers can claim. 
good Crowe finds just the right blend of easy crowd-pleasing moments while maintaining the strong sense of drama and character dynamics in which he excels. 
good Runs a little long, but it will warm your heart. 
best The action is excellent and nearly non-stop. Ogami Itto whirls the Katana and Naginata as nimbly as a marching band baton girl. 
bad British dance flick is cliched but clean and fun. 
good Got To Dance winner Akai Osei has all the moves and Horrid Henry star Theo Stevenson has charm by the bucket load. 
bad It's hard not to go along with the film ... 
very_bad At least the dancing is fun. 
very_bad It seems derivative and lacklustre, and really inferior to almost anything on CBBC or CITV. 
very_bad "Oh, not the talent show thing again," groans Ashley Jensen's social worker when the youngsters announce their plan. Well, you said it. 
bad It's a well-worn formula - a gang of youngsters have to form a dance troupe to put on a show that will save their local youth club - but what it lacks in budget it makes up for in bravado. 
bad A charming family entertainment with a clutch of seriously astonishing and visually ingenious dance numbers. 
good Hugely enjoyable British let's-do-the-show-right-here comedy enlivened by strong performances, impressive dance sequences, likeable characters, breezy direction and a witty script. 
bad All Stars is inoffensive wish fulfilment aimed at a distinctly younger audience than the StreetDance franchise. 
bad 'All Stars' is funny and enthusiastic enough to entertain kids, if not their elder siblings, who may not buy this scrubbed-up version of teenaged Britain. 
very_bad Derivative but occasionally fun. 
terrible Some day, God willing, there will be a moratorium on films about plucky kids putting on talent shows to save their schools/parks/yoof centres from predatory developers. 
bad Overblown and unrealistic yet ultimately cathartic and exciting, Death Wish 3 is still an entertaining ride. 
terrible The direction is lackluster, and the film is padded with a number of useless scenes. 
very_bad Hasn't Bronson's vigilante shooter done enough? Evidently not. 
very_bad The weakest and least credible entry in the a series that's more enjoyable than most would admit. 
terrible Espouses a vigilante spirit that is morally bankrupt. 
terrible The poor man's Dirty Harry. 
very_bad There is not a moment of credibility in the movie and the ending is sheer chaos, and anticlimactic at that. Mr. Winner runs out of imagination before Mr. Bronson runs out of ammunition. 
terrible The final, sorry rattle of Charles Bronson's career. 
terrible Gone is the social conscience. Lots more gore though. 
terrible The action, direction and special effects are all better than the last time around, which isn't saying much. 
terrible In short, this movie could be recommended only to the most fanatical Charles Bronson fans or for the people who are already desperate for 1980s nostalgia. 
bad Some very funny moments, but not for kids. 
fair There are a number of genuinely clever twists and ideas that it's unfortunate that someone decided to muck it up with cheap slapstick. 
fair Comes as close as a movie can to being a successful comedy without making it. 
bad Matthew Perry acaba revelando-se um protagonista carismatico e divertido. 
good Features some of the best physical comedy in years, courtesy of Matthew Perry. 
fair Nothing more than standard lowbrow fare featuring a little bathroom humor, lots of pratfalls, and an awfully silly army of hackneyed bumblers, plotters, wimps and Jezebels. 
bad The infrequent laughs are forced, and the movie feels as stale as a month-old focaccia. 
fair Uun ejemplo mas de que en Hollywood siguen haciendo falta las buenas ideas y, sobretodo, quien las lleve a cabo 
bad It's like one of those late Blake Edwards comedies in which very little is working, but you have to admire the attempt at some physical humor. 
very_bad Rests solely on the presumed charm of the cast, and half of the actors are not charming at all. Now, what does that tell you? 
very_bad Please -- no more mob comedies. No more bad ones like this, at least. 
bad The Whole Nine Yards ends up on the undernourished side. 
very_bad The bad news is not limited to Arquette's annoying accent. 
bad Uneven. 
bad The main reason to see this movie would be the cast. 
fair Another of those 'zany' romantic comedies starring a cheeseball star from a sitcom series. 
good It's laugh-out-loud, side-splitting funny. 
fair The film ends up being an incredibly guilty pleasure not only because of that fact that it is a dark comedy, but also because of the fact that the film ends up being incredibly sexy. 
good There's a few cute jokes, but over all, it seems a bit fluffy. 
bad The picture also allows its female leads to show their considerable stuff. 
good The Whole Nine Yards a bright crowd-pleaser with a clever script. 
bad The film's stand-out performance ... is by Peet. 
good A few winceable story progressions in the front and end are easily outweighed by a fine "body" of fun film in-between. I laughed out loud very often. 
bad The actors exhibit a surprising inconsistency of tone in their performances. 
bad Yards is underwhelming. 
good Imminently likeable slapstick comedy. 
good The Whole Nine Yards tackles its plot with such unapologetically cheerful gusto that you can't help but like it. 
bad For Matthew Perry, it offers evidence that there may be life beyond Friends after all. 
good A subtle but unmistakable aura of jolliness sneaks from the screen during The Whole Nine Yards. 
very_bad A thrill-less thriller. Too violent for kids. 
fair There is a critical void in the middle--the villain. 
bad Em nenhum momento o espectador fica grudado a cadeira, em panico pelo que pode acontecer dali a alguns minutos. 
bad Even those engrossed by the build-up here are likely to kiss off the rest after suffering through Girls' groaner of a wrap-up. 
best ...haunted by the gap between human yearning and ultimate understanding. 
very_good At least close to being a great film. It's a film that lingers in the mind -- not in the least because it's so open to interpretation. 
very_good The few insecurities in the filmmaking, which stick out in contrast to his Russian works, are easily overlooked by how masterful other scenes are and the impressiveness of the imagery. 
good Invaluable pointers on narrative patience, spiritual yearning and technical finesse. 
best Brilliant and audacious, with one of the most extraordinary final sequences in modern cinema. 
very_good A fitting epitaph for a great artist. Every frame could be hung on a wall, the script is supremely thoughtful and the performances are universally excellent. 
best A difficult film - slow-paced, unashamedly theatrical and heavily laden with philosophy - yet a profoundly satifying one: a rewarding display of filmmaking mastery that forms a mystical and enigmatic coda to a legendary career. 
best For all its Swedish trimmings, the long, syrup-slow takes are unmistakably Tarkovsky's, and it's these that provide this arthouse disaster movie with its mesmerising power. 
good As involving and intellectually rich as all Tarkovsky's work. 
good The Sacrifice is a stunningly beautiful film that holds your attention even while you feel slightly stunned, in a less welcome way, by what is actually going on. 
bad True film devotees will appreciate the mystery and the spiritual allusiveness of The Sacrifice. 
good Certainly makes demands on one's patience, but Tarkovsky is always worth the work. 
good It is a poetic vision, filled with the symbolism peculiar to Tarkovsky's imagination. It is also a visually stunning, hauntingly beautiful, brilliant piece of art. 
best The Sacrifice, famed Russian director Andrei (Solaris) Tarkovsky's last film, is a pondering, intense, obscure film filled with images that will haunt the collective memories of everybody who has seen it. 
best The Sacrifice is not the sort of movie most people will choose to see, but those with the imagination to risk it may find it rewarding. 
very_bad Dumb humor, insults and gallons of bodily fluids. 
terrible Scarily awful -- this spoof horror franchise needs a stake driven through its heart, and quick... 
terrible Perhaps if you send them a stamped, self-addressed envelope they'll tell us why this was thought to be funny. 
terrible We can only hope this excrement masquerading as humor will bury the gross-out genre once and for all. 
fair Basically just a bunch of silly spoof scenes cobbled together around a thin premise, it allows the Wayans brothers to have fun in the way a group of kids might have fun with a video camcorder, except with a multi-million-dollar budget. 
fair the opening 15 minutes was absolutely gut-wretchingly hysterical. I laughed more at this second film than I did at the first one... 
very_bad The creators of Scary Movie 2 have forgotten one crucial fact about the horror genre--for every Scream 2 there are twenty Blair Witch 2s. 
terrible It's just terrible, with long stretches in which the sea of writers don't even try to insert any humour, followed by an attempted joke that doesn't work on any level. 
terrible ...it does have one redeeming attribute: brevity. 
terrible That the first film's primary target/model was Scream and that this one's is The Haunting says everything about its creative bankruptcy. 
very_bad The film had eleven writers. I don't see why it needed any. It's unstructured, plotless, and even the truly funny moments are merely juvenile stabs in the dark. 
very_bad More of the same...only less funny. 
terrible Filme producto de la excesiva comercializacion que tuvo su predecesor 
bad If you haven't seen the target film, not only is it not funny, it becomes totally pointless. 
good It's the wackiness of the whole thing that makes it work. 
bad fast-paced, sloppy, and pretty dumb, but it's over quickly 
bad "worth a rental" 
fair The proceedings mainly revolve around sexual and bathroom humour, and - depending on your tastes - this will either quickly grow tiresome, or will entertain you endlessly. 
terrible Never has a movie franchise fallen so far so fast. 
bad Choppily edited and obviously rushed into theaters to make a quick, tidy profit. 
bad Bodily functions and fluids serve as a thin clothesline for cheap laughs. 
terrible The whole thing reeks of sequelitis, with an emphasis on the rude and crude. 
terrible The scary part is that a sequel was made. 
very_bad The movie plays just like the rush job it is. 
bad It's a lot more tightly focused than the first outing. 
bad The film never really regains the opening scene's momentum. 
terrible A pocket of infection on the skin of the American body cultural. 
bad Does a satisfying hatchet job on the spooky ... world of supernatural pictures. 
bad So remarkably shapeless you can imagine Shawn and Marlon hashing out scenes between presenters at last year's MTV Video Music Awards. 
fair Like its predecessor, it's as exuberant as it is puerile, oozing a cheeky energy that will make you forgive many things. 
terrible The picture wastes barely a second heading straight into the toilet. 
terrible There's a fine line between funny and just plain sick; this movie goes way beyond that line. 
terrible Perhaps, in a rare instance of subtle social satire, this film is being released on July 4 to remind America of the high cost of freedom of speech. 
terrible So desperately unfunny that you wish someone would sue for false advertising. 
very_bad Boring, and decidedly misogynistic. 
very_bad The problem is that Wayans and his raft of writers, including his brothers Marlon and Shawn, who are also among the film's stars, begin on such an extreme, in-your-face note that they have no place to go. 
bad Aside from a few genuinely funny gags, this motion picture represents an 80-minute exercise into tedium that does little more than re-hash the first outing. 
very_bad What we have is a lot of fake and lazy attempts at humor. 
very_bad The only horror in this film is its lame-ass script! 
fair An almost constant laugh riot of extreme gross-out humor and surprisingly limber lampoonery. 
terrible An insufferable hodgepodge of phallic and fecal humor. 
very_bad So unamusing its chief benefit lies in making us appreciate the movies being parodied. 
terrible They should have stuck to the promise emblazoned on the original movie's poster: 'No sequel.' 
bad Just another contract-player time-killer. 
bad Lacks a fresh point of view and its people lack individuality. 
fair Nothing new in writer-director Jason Freeland's Garden Party, then, nor anything particularly insightful about the mercenary business of getting by and ahead out here. 
very_bad It's familiar stuff if you've sampled the vast body of work devoted to LA-dammerung. 
good Exotic romance in early three-strip Technicolor with great stars. 
good A fresh and fun icelandic adventure yarn. 
bad Nai puts in an understated performance as Wang, but Ying coats many of the scenes in heavy symbolism. 
good [Exudes] a muted dignity despite the anger simmering inside. 
best As Mulligan so deftly demonstrates, the story is in the characters, their failings and fragility, their heroism and nobility of spirit. 
fair I got so much more from this story as an adult, and it's a shame that my adolescent stubbornness kept me from the movie for so many years. 
very_good Because the story is related through young Scout and Jem, that childhood wonder and fear is never close behind. 
best One of those rare instances when a movie perfectly captures the essence of its source material without compromising it in any way. 
best Since its release, this intelligent, atmospheric film has been warmly received by audiences responding not only to their own childhood, but also to the heroic image portrayed by Peck, a shining example of citizenship and affectionate fatherhood. 
fair To Kill a Mockingbird is a time capsule, preserving hopes and sentiments from a kinder, gentler, more naive America. 
best A terrific central performance by Gregory Peck makes for an outstanding big screen adaptation of Harper Lee's classic novel. 
bad So much of the novel's reckless atmosphere is missing... 
very_good Oscar winner Gregory Peck is ideal casting as Atticus, for his Lincoln-like integrity and intelligence perfectly serve the role 
good To Kill a Mockingbird should make admirers of the novel weep many times over. 
best With the Tom Robinson plot intertwining with Scout and Jem's education in the ugly flaws of a world they're only beginning to comprehend, today the film offers an extra accumulated layer of 'meaning.' 
best A classic adaptation of an American classic. Storytelling doesn't get much better than this. 
best Above all, it's a film about listening to Dad. 
best Arguably one of the best dramatic films ever made, brought home with tons of great features, a sparkling new transfer, and a nifty fold-out case. 
best Superb on all counts. Great adaptation of the memorable novel. 
best Right, like anyone cares what I say about it at this point. 
good Minor shortcomings in a rewarding film. 
best There are few films that can be called perfect, this is one of them. 
best ...To Kill A Mockingbird leaves you with a much-needed belief in hope, ignited anew by the eyes of children. 
best ...endearing, heartwarming, tragic, uplifting, and, ultimately, inspiring. Movies don't get any better than this. 
best The film is honest about a time in this country when happy endings were few and far between. 
best One of the best movies ever created. Poor mockingbird. 
best Universally recognized as a classic, and the label is well deserved. 
good An oldie but goody that can still entertain as it preaches. 
best Made in black and white in 1962 at a time when other movies had switched to color, it shattered many notions of what was right. 
terrible Is it worse as a love story or as a drama about the sorry state of television news? The answer: It's a tie. 
very_bad Glitz! Glamour! Love! TV news ethics? 
bad A perfectly respectable effort, but with all the talent involved it could have been better. 
very_bad Bland TV expose loosely based on the life of Jessica Savitch 
very_bad Final proof that "based on actual events" means absolutely nothing. 
bad There is no real sexual tension between [Pfeiffer and Redford] from the get-go, so when they finally do get together, it feels forced, ungenuine. 
bad It doesn't get anymore romantic than this 
very_bad Serious flick that feels more like a satire of a Robert Redford film. 
fair This is one of those untaxing time-killers where you spend a lot of time pondering which of its actress's changing hairstyles you like best. 
very_bad TV classic remade as a forgettable buddy movie. 
fair Serves up the expected gags and set pieces in service of a thoroughly been-there, done-that plot line. 
bad A otima quimica entre Eddie Murphy e Owen Wilson rende bons momentos. 
very_bad Credit to Murphy and Wilson for making the most of it, but for Thomas it's a case of must spy harder. 
bad It's easy to watch trash, and although Murphy and his co-stars deserve better, it would be wrong for me to lie to you and say that I was bored. 
very_bad Thomas demonstrates zero feel for either the material or milieu. 
bad For the most part, I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies. 
bad It's disposable dumb fun. And there's nothing wrong with that. 
bad Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote. 
bad Freakishly fun to watch. 
terrible I spied with my little eye, a turkey of a movie. 
bad Even if it is generally amusing from time to time, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have. 
bad Une comedie d'action ou l'action est deficiente mais ou la comedie fonctionne. 
fair This film does no favors to the memory of the I Spy TV series, a genuine original that knew how to pull off a surprise. On the big screen, it is as ordinary as they get. 
very_bad I Spy is about as mainstream and safe as movies tend to come, designed to appeal to as wide an audience as possible. 
terrible A dispiriting piece of hackwork that ranks somewhere close to The Mod Squad and McHale's Navy on the list of unnecessary and ill-conceived TV-to-movie spin-offs. 
terrible Do we need a new version of I Spy? I don't think so. 
very_bad The film is overloaded with self-destruct modes, override codes and cocky Murphyisms discharged with machine-gun relentlessness. 
terrible Except for the fact that it isn't set on the moon, I kept thinking I was watching The Adventures of Pluto Nash all over again. 
bad I found it irritating but still fun. Please read review. 
terrible So Owen and Eddie go spying - in Budapest! What's to spy on in Budapest!? A secret goulash formula? 
terrible I Spy is an embarrassment, a monotonous, disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations. It's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun. 
good When a hail of buddy-comedy cliches works in service of two stars as appealing as Murphy and Wilson, memories of 'The Beverly Hillbillies' can wash away like cinematic Calgon. 
bad What's next: "My Mother the Car?" 
bad In short, once you've seen the raucous rapport between two devilish dipsticks dodging bullets and personal put-downs, you've certainly seen it all before! 
terrible Implausible, utterly ridiculous, and absolutely unfunny. 
terrible It's a buddy movie with zero chemistry between its leads, and even the action set-pieces seem dated and deadly dull. 
bad The Murphy/Wilson danger-with-laughs duo never achieves the cool, hip, bantering momentum of Cosby/Culp. 
bad It knows it's a lousy movie and draws attention away from the plot by focusing on the personalities 
terrible I Spy's empty jokes fail to stick to you. It's the olestra of major motion pictures. 
very_bad A rather dismal, glaringly formulaic action-comedy. 
terrible A loud, witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series. 
very_bad I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind. 
very_bad Nothing about this movie is terribly fresh. 
terrible The time has come to offer thanks to Owen Wilson. 
terrible A feeble spoof consisting entirely of warmed-over gags from Bond, from previous spy spoofs. 
terrible No aspirations to social import inform the movie version. This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars. 
good A loose, lighthearted romp that's a notch above the usual buddy comedies. 
terrible As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West. 
very_bad Retreading a tired and worn genre, the film isn't the worst thing you'll see all year and it does offer a handful of laughs. Yet, it certainly could have been much better. 
bad Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy, but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good. 
bad The script doesn't make much sense and unravels in the final reels, but director Betty Thomas offers Murphy and Wilson some opportunity for amusing asides and juvenile horseplay. 
very_bad It won't be long before you'll spy I Spy at a video store near you. 
terrible The fights are poorly staged, the chases are boring -- and a series of crashes and explosions can't disguise that absolutely nothing of interest is going on for long stretches. 
bad The plotting is so generic that the villain played by Malcolm McDowell may as well have been played by Roddy McDowall for all the sinister distinction he's permitted to project. 
bad A tired old buddy comedy with laughs stitching together chases and explosions. 
terrible If nothing else, I Spy does succeed at counter-intelligence. 
fair Even the usually intense Malcolm McDowell doesn't have much spark: His main role is to press the remote control button that makes the stealth plane disappear and reappear, perhaps a foreshadowing of I Spy's cable-television future. 
bad If you're looking for nostalgia, you're in the wrong place. 
bad Those who loved the television show that provides the film with its title -- and little else -- may be miffed. 
very_bad A casting disaster. 
bad This is a remake by the numbers, linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie. 
very_bad For all its dopey shootouts and inept identity tweaks, nothing in this movie amounts to anything. 
bad It's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie, but it's entertaining enough and worth a look. 
bad Nothing special, but for fans of Murphy or Wilson it'll be worth a look once it hits video stores. 
bad Remember when movie versions of old TV shows actually took the trouble of lining up cameos of the series' old stars? Or at least followed the general contours of the original series? 
terrible Witless rehash of 1960s TV action-comedy has star power to waste -- and waste it does. 
terrible If you liked Bad Company, you'll love I Spy!! 
terrible I Spy something lazy, slow, shallow, stupid, amateurish, unfunny, unsuspenseful, uninformed, unspeakably dull and witlessly written, directed and acted. 
very_bad The execution is so dumbed-down, so dumbfounding, that sophisticated moviegoers might confuse it for outtakes from Spy Kids 2 and XXX. 
very_bad Humor in I Spy is so anemic. 
very_bad Just plain generic. 
bad With none of the series' famous sophistication and wit, all audiences will get from this film is nostalgia for TV's good old days. 
terrible More dead spots than a Jerry Lewis telethon. 
bad A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick. 
fair I Spy" made me laugh. It's a blast. 
terrible The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then, out of embarrassment or stupidity, not warning anyone. 
bad If I Spy were funny (enough) or exciting (enough) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public. 
bad Apparently the Hollywood studios can no longer be bothered to actually watch the old TV shows they are ripping off. 
very_bad If you thought Enron's power-supply manipulation was a waste of energy, wait until you see I-Spy. 
bad With large portions shot on ugly digital video rather than film stock, the movie frequently looks like a washed out old videotape. 
bad I Spy is ample reminder that memorable comedy is, in its own way, as tricky to pull off as a good party. 
very_bad An overblown clunker full of bad jokes, howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences. 
very_bad A sometimes very funny but mostly banal action-comedy that has only superficial links to its 1960s source. 
very_bad Owen Wilson...has officially refined his act into saleable Hollywood shtick. 
terrible It's been 20 years since 48 Hrs. made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day. But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old. 
terrible File the film and Murphy's performance under Motion Sickness. 
bad An uninspired buddies-from-hell comedy with a theater sound system so loud some punch lines are muffled. 
fair Cut from the same mold as celluloid trash like Bad Company...[but] both Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson are genuinely funny. 
bad Spy is one of those films in which so little thought went into the story, the characters often whine about not being able to keep things straight. But consider this: It took four people to pen a story that doesn't make a lick of sense. 
very_bad As pedestrian as they come. 
fair The rapport between Wilson and Murphy is uproarious, even if the action bits are a little lame. 
fair An unremarkable, modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title. 
good A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle, though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish. 
very_bad A forgettable buddy movie that feels like a rejected script for "Rush Hour 3." 
bad It's simply a generic action movie -- nothing you haven't seen before. 
good An unflinching look at the inevitable tragedy that is senescence. 
very_bad Are you a fan of torture and death? Have I got a movie for you! 
good It's enough to convince you that Woody Harrelson is right: If you don't appreciate Jerry Lewis, I don't want to hang with you. 
good If you don't like the comic artistry of Jerry Lewis, Encore's extensive new bio-documentary isn't going to change your mind. But you might come away with at least a bit more appreciation. 
fair The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it. 
good The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences. 
bad This fine documentary offers a handsome tribute to an unlikely yet beloved head of state 
fair Despite the not terribly artful construction, The Man Behind The King's Speech is certainly fascinating and should engage fans of the Oscar-winning film. 
best Animusic is an incredible venture that should see a long life, gain many fans, and find a home on a bigger screen. 
very_good Convoluted but absorbing. 
good A thoroughly enjoyable murder mystery in the classic style. 
bad The plotting is too obvious, too contrived and too convenient. 
very_good Friedrich isn't particularly sharp, but Riemelt's wonderfully nuanced performance gives him intricate layers of feeling. 
bad Nearly every point made in Before the Fall, be it about militarism or the secret sexual codes of fascism, is made too obviously, or has been made before, in films from Cabaret to Europa, Europa. 
fair It asks us to sympathize with teenage boys being groomed for National Socialist glory, and for that reason alone, it absorbs. 
good ... hooks you by focusing on Friedrich's very human story. 
bad One senses that Gansel took the most egregious stories from his research and stuffed them all into the shapeless script. 
bad The film is a competent but callow work dealing with a monstrous subject that automatically rejects callowness. 
fair The best thing about Gansel's film is it doesn't ask you to absolve anyone; it only tries to make everyone a little more human. 
fair Gansel and his screenwriting partner, Maggie Gansel, bring not a whiff of fresh nor penetrating insight to these subjects. 
very_good A work of exemplary craftsmanship, crisp and forthright yet modulated by subtle nuances, Before the Fall ranks high among the year's films. 
fair While the background of the story is fascinating and enlightening, the foreground story could be more complex and original. The plot is a good story whose arc is a little overly familiar. Still the production values are high and the story is compelling. 
good The movie's own moral stance is above reproach, and the two leads are engaged enough to make you care about the outcome. 
good Bankrupt fascist politics and a talent in the ring combine to force decisions no teenager should have to make. 
good It's a handsomely mounted production that benefits greatly from location shooting and sharp attention to historical detail. 
good The acting is believable; the photography, atmospheric; and the moral, unmistakable. 
fair Nazis were once innocent children -- that, at least, is the notion behind Dennis Gansel's overcooked wartime drama about the ill-fated friendship between two teenage boys at a training school for elite German military recruits. 
bad Though well-made, Before the Fall never really comes to cinematic life. 
very_bad I guarantee you nothing this cheesy happened during World War I. 
good Set in Berlin in 1942, Dennis Gansel's intensely beautiful film brings us inside Hitler's network of elite schools to groom young Germans for positions of power. 
bad A convincing German morality play about the Nazi's amoral worship of strength and power. 
bad A polished, German-tinged Dead Poets Society with budding SS automatons subbing in for privileged Vermont WASPs. 
bad Gansel crafts story and characters to show us a rare but possible youth of Nazi Germany whose inborn morality is not subject to "training. 
best "Just as brilliant, beautiful, and entertaining as Romero's first zombie masterpiece." 
very_good An astonishment from start to finish, from its vivid opening shot of a passenger plane in an obviously artificial sky that resembles a 'sea of blood' to the complementary final image of an invading armada of flying saucers. 
very_good Iron-clad-nutso proof that a film can be simultaneously ridiculous and smart, and should not be confused for disposable camp. 
bad If you're a fan of Hong Kong police flicks, then you know that at any given moment, it seems like 50 percent of the force is deep undercover in the triads. 
fair I really wanted to see a fun mindless martial arts film. But the story is so familiar that it beoomes boring. 
fair It's all about the extensive climax, a gunfight turned mixed martial arts throwdown. 
bad Insensible. 
very_bad Considerably more importance is placed on the chops and the socks than the story, and yet the action sequences aren't terribly memorable. 
bad Catch this one in theatres while you have the chance. The breathless, breakneck action of Flash Point can only truly be appreciated 40 feet high. 
fair Donnie Yen is famous for combining martial arts traditions into his own unique fighting style and Collin Chou, who studied with Sammo Hung, is up to the task of holding his own. 
good Yen has developed a recent passion for mixed martial arts, and his more traditional punches and flying kicks are supplemented by some close-quarters Muay Thai kicks and even some jujitsu submission holds. Ultimate Fighting Championship fans will be happy. 
terrible Flash Point comes loaded with cliches and immediately starts blasting them in every direction. 
very_bad Not even a choice ass-whupping can make up for the plodding familiarity that precedes it. 
very_bad Flash Point plays like the last hurrah of a criminal underclass facing the inevitable shrinking of its bottom line. 
good Finally -- with barely a half-hour left to go, Donnie Yen does his thing. 
bad Like the mixed martial arts it showcases, Flash Point espouses the belief that there's nothing quite as entertaining as uninhibited brutality. 
bad Fans of the genre will likely leave it satisfied, although it's not as likely that they'll feel satisfied the whole time they're watching. 
terrible No amount of thoughtful dissection can make up for the unpleasant, uncomfortable and unnecessary experience of actually sitting through the thing. 
bad rich in allegorical theme and symbolic imagery, transforming the most banal of materials into miraculous epiphanies... but all too aimlessly hypnotic to get a firm grip on the viewer's attention. 
good Reygadas' direction seems to wander from time to time, as when Marcos walks around in the hills for long minutes without a purpose, but he always brings it back home. He's a perplexing, but voraciously talented filmmaker to watch. 
bad Reygadas' artful but ponderous camerawork succeeds only in turning the intimately exploitative ... into something emotionally distant and stupefyingly dull. 
bad he film's pallid emotional tone, which is in sync with the constancy of the dull gray sky overhead, can make it a hard story to embrace. 
terrible Insufferably arty, polemic and winkingly provocative. 
bad There is a stillness to the film that is initially fascinating, but it wears thin quickly. 
terrible The only battle I had was deciding whether to watch the whole movie or get out while the getting was good. Unfortunately, I opted to stay to see if it got better... it didn't. 
bad There's more to this controversial and aesthetically cold film than just its explicit sex scenes. Honest. 
terrible A spectacular failure, despite further evidence of the director's keen eye and bold cinematic ideas. 
fair If you dare to see it, prepare for a challenge. 
bad Reygadas' gift for imagery is undeniable, but for most viewers, Battle in Heaven will offer not enlightenment but frustration. 
fair ... Reygadas has made a sensationalist picture in which all the sensation is willfully dulled. 
fair I'd be lying if I didn't say this is one of the more original and piercing films I've seen in awhile. 
very_good A hypnotic, ruminative examination of class, religion, and sexuality in contemporary Mexico, Carlos Reygadas' Battle in Heaven is cinema at its most polarizing. 
terrible Overexposed and underdeveloped. 
good It's the way in which these 'debased' elements come together in a Christian allegory of sin and redemption that resists easy, reassuring interpretation. 
good Reyadas' radical rejection of filmmaking conventions is at first off-putting, but he's able to elicit remarkable performances from the cast of non-professionals while building tension that will hold viewers' attention. 
fair Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating. 
good Not everyone is going to be willing or able to take this leap of faith, but those who do go along with Reygadas may well feel they have come away having undergone a stunning revelatory experience. 
fair To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case. 
very_bad At once unmoored and ruthlessly calculating, the Mexican film Battle in Heaven has everything for everyone or perhaps nothing at all. 
very_good Fighting cliche, presenting the most flawed people as sympathetic and occasionally averting his camera eye as his characters neglect the saving of their own souls, Reygadas has made a movie that is itself an ethical dilemma. 
bad Depicts the spiritual emergency of an amoral man in Mexico City who plunges into despair and turns to sex as a way out of his funk. 
bad Battle In Heaven is a noble effort from Reygadas but not exactly a good one. For such an involving premise, there is not much going on to keep interest. 
bad Battle In Heaven suffers from an infuriatingly slow pace and a certain air of impenetrable arthouse movie but it's worth persevering with for some striking imagery and some genuinely shocking scenes. 
terrible Battle in Heaven is less an example of sophomore slump than it is a jaw-dropping exercise in misguided ambition. 
bad Inventive throughout, Reygadas' imagery becomes breathtaking in the closing scenes of religious pilgrimage, where Marco's existential crisis is brought to a harrowing head. 
very_good 9 Songs was sexy but meant nothing. Battle in Heaven is unattractive but meaningful. 
very_bad Really boring, pointless and, well, bad. 
very_bad To follow up Japon, Reygadas goes even further into Mexican metaphysics ... but he loses us in the process. 
very_good Detention is unlike any teen slasher you've ever seen, or quite possibly will see. It's proof that fresh ideas and off the wall filmmaking are still a possibility in today's cinematic world. 
fair It's hard not to admire the absolute commitment to a script that is very ambitious and totally bonkers in the plot department. And maybe its lack of focus is meant to reflect the scattered attention spans of its audience. 
very_good Detention is a hypnotic hipster acid trip - a brazenly irreverent jolt to the system that screams cult gem. 
bad ...too weird and too off-the-wall to become anything more than a mildly amusing curiosity. 
fair I often fell in to the category of despising it but also kept dabbling in the area of admiration for being so unpredictable and original. 
fair Its willingness to not only acknowledge but outright revel in its own shallowness is refreshing. 
bad Neither good enough to impress as a meta mashup of horror and comedy, nor bad enough to hoot and throw popcorn at, it slides into a gray area of unfocused ideas and unrealized potential. 
terrible A migraine-inducing endurance test. 
good Kahn's fast-paced, Aaron Sorkin-like "Detention" deserves cult-hit status. Just as "The Social Network" embodies our Facebook culture, this SXSW film-festival favorite rewrites today's high school movie bible. 
terrible Tries way, way, way too hard. A directorial drum solo that quickly wears out its welcome. 
very_bad Bloody teen slasher ridicules genre's many stereotypes. 
bad There will be young moviegoers who proclaim this genius, and more stodgy audience members who find it torturous. If you're not tweeting and texting a combined 50 times or more per day, you're probably in the latter camp. 
fair Sort of like The Breakfast Club meets Donnie Darko, except without a hint of subtlety. 
very_bad Here's another sardonic look at the hell of the American high school, where countless American filmmakers believe our souls are locked no matter how long it's been since we graduated. 
terrible It's as if someone vomited pastel-hued nostalgia. I must apologize for that statement: Pastel vomit would take some effort to produce. 
terrible Exhausting before its first few minutes of whip-pans, smash cuts, coarsely self-referential jokes and on-screen text visuals is over... 
terrible In this universe people seem composed of 1 percent water and 99 percent '90s references and genre expectations. 
terrible This is a film with enough ideas to fuel five different movies and not a single one of them is any good. 
terrible Resembles a movie less than it suggests an evening of determined, incoherent channel-hopping - with the help of a remote control that's apparently stuck on "random." 
fair The movie itself is never truly clear. If it's also never intentionally bad, its unintentional badness keeps blasting into shockingly clever places. 
bad Some viewers will be understandably put off by its aggressive lack of focus, but Kahn is so excited about cramming in every idea that ultimately the originality trumps the obnoxiousness. 
bad Somebody somewhere forgot that a film needs a streamlined story to make visual chaos palatable. 
very_bad Desperately strives for the smarts and fun that The Cabin in the Woods achieves through good ideas, not relentless attitude. 
terrible The whole thing comes off like 200 commercials smashed together, selling you your own obsolescence. 
good An overstuffed but ridiculously fun and gleefully original concoction. "Detention" should earn major "cult hit" status if for no other reason than for its fierce, unflinching juggling of genres and conventions. 
good Joseph Kahn funded this sharp looking, ultra low-budget indie with his own savings, and you get the feeling that he's going for broke in every sense. 
good Great quirky script makes up for rather indifferent filming style. 
bad Unplanned pregnancy leads to family lies, surprise romance. 
very_good Reeves and Sanchez-Gijon generate a palpaple romantic chemistry that makes this shamelessly sappy, often unabashedly cornball story work. 
very_bad Pure yucky mush. And Keanu can't act. 
bad While not a particularly great documentary, it succeeds hugely at what it sets out to do, aided by a dramatic storyline that would probably be dismissed as too fantastically implausible if it was in a fiction film. 
very_good What a cool documentary. What a cool memoir. 
fair The story itself would be largely untold if Belman hadn't wheedled his way into their trust, filming his own footage and being granted use of a wealth of home-movie material. 
bad Really, it's just an extension of the LeBron James brand, released to coincide with a book on the same subject and designed to explore the star's humble roots even while further buffing his galactic glitter. 
good It drags in places, becomes repetitive and could use a more rigid hand in editing, but it also has a kind of pleasing earnestness that would be lost in a more sophisticated effort. 
good No make-believe Hollywood script could match this once-in-a-lifetime, all-American story. 
good There's plenty to both cheer and ponder. 
good What's amazing, and what Belman captures perfectly, is how Coach Dru achieves his dream of becoming a head coach by being a role model to these boys in need. 
very_good More Than a Game is more than a feature-length profile of LeBron James, and that's good news. 
bad Despite opening with a statement that basketball should be a means to an end rather than an end in itself, the film itself is about 99.9% basketball. 
bad The filmmakers go a little too far with the superlatives, at times trying to portray these gifted and often immature players as bigger underdogs than they appear to be in real life. But the movie is comprehensive and interesting... 
good It's a resonant story about four boyhood friends, determination, sacrifice, overcoming obstacles and the mentor who guides them from rough beginnings to the national basketball championship. It's about victorious lives, not games. 
good Utterly captivating for the humanity at its core. 
fair What's almost as impressive as James's talent on the court is his poise and character. 
fair You'd be hard-pressed to find a better documentary about on-court dynamics and off-court camaraderie; but as journalism, it's less than thorough. 
bad Let's start with the title, which is problematic by nature: There is nothing more than a game on display here. 
good It's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams. 
bad There is dazzling basketball here and an interesting father-son relationship (Coach Dru Joyce was father of the shortest player on the team). 
bad The skilled editing eventually brings out the personalities of all five players, adding an emotional stake to the footage of key games. 
bad Somewhat engaging and well-edited with stylish cinematography and great music, but it ultimately falls short in terms of offering insightful and provocative revelations. 
good 'More Than a Game' is a riveting, emotional and inspirational documentary that captures the ups and downs of five young men who bonded as friends and teammates. 
bad LeBron becomes a high school star, and this doc entertains without getting too heavy. 
bad The footage is terrific, and all the guys make for charismatic heroes. But Belman barely addresses the stories happening off the court. 
good It's always risky to mix sports metaphors, but it's hard to resist the notion that the basketball-themed More Than a Game is a knockout of a sports documentary. 
terrible There's no "I" in team. But there are two in stultifying. 
fair Maybe Belman's film will instill in youngsters an interest in documentaries, of which this is a generally fine example. 
bad evoted fans of the game, and especially of LeBron James, will love More Than a Game. The skeptical and the curious may find themselves wanting more. 
good It's an inspiring tale not just for lovers of basketball, although the games featured are so thrilling and tense that it's a challenge to remain sitting placidly in one's seat. 
fair keeps the hype at bay long enough to create a story about real characters, rather than indulging in glorified player profiles. 
very_bad Belman only skims the surface; even his depiction of the admirable Joyce (who ditched corporate America to chase his dream of being a mentor) shows a preference for tidy sound bites over intense inquiry. 
fair Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return. 
best An inspirational bio-pic about the transcendent magic of friendship forged in pursuit of hoop dreams. 
very_good Not exactly your average sports saga, filled with extraordinary characters and equally extraordinary circumstances that Hollywood could craft no better in any feature script. 
best Sweet pig family provides gentle lessons to preschoolers. 
best Damnably frustrating and fascinating, Herzog's questions deconstruct Earth's DNA in a scientific process going beyond statistics to ancestry or spirituality - an idea that we're witnesses and valets who are here and, sooner than we think, will be gone. 
very_good Respect for the environment is not a moral issue for Herzog, but a common sense issue of survival. In the harsh environs of the polar regions, his point is made with crystalline clarity. 
good ...May not have the shock and drive of Grizzly Man, but it's a poignant and even haunting work nonetheless 
bad This documentary about life in and around a vast scientific research centre in Antarctica. None of these meetings, however, is as interesting as the interspersed footage of the pole's natural wonders. 
good This Oscar-nominated gem reveals far more than the traditional documentary by coming at the subject from an unexpected angle to reveal a myriad of unvarnished truths. 
good Too loose and aimless to sit with Herzog's best, Encounters drifts along on its filmmaker's frostbitten humour and his ever-searching eye for weirdness and wonder. 
bad Herzog is baffled, amused and fascinated by them all, exults in their palpable strangeness, draws us deep into their unique world and, via Henry Kaiser's extraordinary underwater photography, what looms often unnervingly beneath it. 
good Nature at its most mysterious, brutal and implacable - just as Herzog likes it. 
very_good Seemingly off-hand, cumulatively imposing, utterly masterful. 
best As a nature doc alone, Encounters at the End of the World would stand as one of the year's best. But it is the people who choose to live and work at the very ends of the Earth that are Herzog's real subject. 
bad It's a thoroughly intelligent, worthwhile and tremendous-looking film. But where is the dark spark of Herzog magic? 
good Almost every film Werner Herzog makes is savage and incisive. Encounters at the End of the World, far-out and unforgettable. 
good As a nature documentary it's nothing special. But that was never the intent. As an observational study of people and place, it's truly fascinating. 
bad Mid-list Herzog, but still a stimulating, strange experience. And that tragically perverse penguin is the most memorable movie animal of the year. 
good A compelling film that is by turns thought-provoking and very funny. 
bad This is Herzog in awe at life, the universe, eternity itself. 
bad The film is beautifully shot both under the ice, where creatures roam in a place that would rival any sci-fi horror. 
good Fatalism is the dark theme running through this otherwise extremely entertaining film, which is just as interested in the many weird and wonderful people who have made the Antarctic their home. 
good Engaging, beautifully shot and genuinely fascinating documentary that will stay with you for weeks afterwards. 
bad Using magnificent underwater footage shot by someone else, Werner Herzog creates fascinating travelogue that takes us to wonderous and remote Antarctica, a place few humans have visited. But, surrounded by natures majesty and mysteries, all Herzog really 
good A visually stunning and wonder-inducing documentary about the scientists, the dreamers, the adventurers, the philosophers, the animals and underwater creatures of Antarctica. 
good The marketing tagline suggests we "Go Somewhere Cool". As long as we can go with Herzog, the latter part of that sentiment is a guarantee. 
fair This purported nature documentary muses on everything it encounters. 
very_bad The whole movie felt like one of those films that I had to watch in Science class, and fell asleep to. 
good Herzog has made a nearly 40-year career out of following eccentrics and madmen, revealing that even the seemingly insane can have engrossing, vital things to say. 
very_good Herzog is one of a kind. His new doc is an event you watch in awe as you marvel at its wonders. 
good There's something highly entertaining, kind of hilarious and almost endearing about director Werner Herzog's insistence on reacting to each new revelation in his documentary films with a pronouncement of doom... 
bad A sweeping portrait of Antarctica's barren emptiness tinged with pockets of hidden, quirky beauty. 
very_good A freakshow of social dysfunctions and wild-eyed blue-sky ventures. 
good Herzog's fascination with the human mind is trumped only by his fear and loathing of the powerful forces of nature that continually crush it 
good As fans of his work know, Herzog has always had more than a smidge of charlatan in him. But rather than act as if he doesn't, Herzog embraces this aspect of his personality in his films. 
good [Director Werner Herzog] gets an almost perverse pleasure out of staring into abysses... 
very_good The underwater sequences are breathtaking and ethereal. 
very_good Antarctica, it turns out, is the perfect setting for Herzog to find the themes that have fascinated him: The mercilessness of nature, and the foolhardiness of humans who would challenge nature. 
very_good In the documentary Encounters at the End of the World, there's a twist that swiftly counters Herzog's instincts: Mankind's industrial supremacy has not excluded the South Pole. 
very_good There are many moments in the film where [Herzog's] essential liveliness breaks the wall of fatalism that he seems obliged to construct. 
bad Herzog, contemporary cinema's most consistently lyrical examiner of the (in)human condition, returns to the documentary form in yet another wonderfully improbable locale: Antarctica, the literal bottom of the world. 
very_good The sky is relentlessly blue, the sun bright even in the thick of night. In this odd and unforgettable place, Herzog has made his own poetry. 
good [Herzog is] a filmmaker ideally suited to recognize and celebrate...deep irony. 
bad Gosh, Werner Herzog, would you like a little movie to go with your 99-minute, rambling lecture on Antarctica? 
good Seeing the movie becomes a method of understanding, of putting into perspective, our place and limited privilege on Earth. 
best A mesmerizing new documentary that contains some of the most stunning, unlikely and unforgettable moments that Herzog has ever given us and by definition, that means that they are some of the most stunning, unlikely and unforgettable moments ever seen. 
best A poem of oddness and beauty. Herzog is like no other filmmaker, and to return to him is to be welcomed into a world vastly larger and more peculiar than the one around us. The underwater photography alone would make a film, but there is so much more. 
very_good A contrarian spiritual journey as provocative as it is hypnotic, Herzog's Encounters at the End of the World literally treks to planet's end. 
very_good Werner Herzog is a magnet for obsessives, and his lovely new film, Encounters at the End of the World, takes you places an ordinary filmmaker might've gone to yet missed completely. 
very_good In his latest documentary, Encounters at the End of the World, Herzog -- who warns the viewer at the outset not to expect any 'fluffy penguins' -- deals with the men and women who perform scientific research in Antarctica. 
good A Discovery Channel production about Antarctica that breaks the mold with Herzog's eccentric musings and auteur's eye. 
good Encounters at the End of the World is an enjoyable example of this extraordinary director's documentary work, and accessible enough to make it a good introduction to his singular vision. 
good The images captured by Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger are dazzling all on their own, finding the disorienting psychedelia that is nature at its weirdest. 
fair If you just have to see another Antarctica documentary, you could do worse than Werner Herzog's Encounters at the End of the World. 
bad Werner Herzog takes his unique questions about the universe to Antarctica for Encounters at the End of the World, a collection of amazing pictures and meditations on life at the South Pole. 
very_good Who better than Herzog to share with us the off-beat Encounters at the End of the World. 
good A gorgeous film, it's funny, wacky and consistently entertaining. It's also nothing like any other travel film you've ever seen before. 
good Encounters may lack the power of, say, the Herzog doc Grizzly Man, because it has no bigger-than-life character at its nexus, but it does confirm the filmmaker as an iconoclastic master. 
good A hypnotically digressive travelogue. 
fair Herzog possesses the unique ability to revel in his own eccentricity without ever losing his charm. 
very_good The best thing about Herzog's films is that he follows his instincts and lets his curiosity lead him to the next sequence. 
very_bad Herzog appears to have no serious intent in his new documentary Encounters at the End of the World. Instead, the film seems only one more step on Herzog's path to living oddity. 
good Granted, this documentary (surely the weirdest ever funded by the Discovery Channel) could have used more editing. But it's the notebook of a genius, and well worth cracking open. 
good Few filmmakers make the end of days seem as hauntingly beautiful as Werner Herzog does in Encounters at the End of the World. 
good Herzog's conclusions are typically bleak; declaring that human presence on the planet is not sustainable 
bad South Pole documentary is gorgeous, if a bit dry. 
good Offers an experience that is best summed up by a phrase seen carved in a McMurdo wood banister: "I sink into bliss." 
good There's little doubt that one's appreciation for the movie is directly related to one's fascination with Antarctica's barren landscape... 
very_good While it's uncertain if A Tribe Called Quest will ever get back together and play again, it's quite certain fans will love and appreciate BEATS, RHYMES & LIFE: THE TRAVELS OF A TRIBE CALLED QUEST as their final encore. 
good Rappaport covers a huge spectrum of voices and opinions, and the themes he explores get into personal relationships -- something everyone can relate to. 
good Rapaport, clearly a fan, is able to capture both the ongoing love and the tension within the band. 
good Warning: The bassline Ron Carter contrived for the classic cut 'Buggin' Out' is about as easy to dislodge from your brain as a 'Night Gallery' earwig. 
good Maybe I'm just a sucker for good old fashioned hip-hop, but I found Michael Rapaport's totally-by-the-numbers music doco [Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest] absolutely compelling. 
fair This documentary therefore did exactly what a good music doco should do: brought people like me up to speed and, according to reports from more serious hip hop fans in the audience, provided lots of information that wasn't previously well known. 
fair An adoring, though enlightening, look at the tumultuous run of the influential hip-hop group. 
bad The movie's value is in informing and illuminating, not provoking. 
very_bad It's difficult to get a grasp on just what audience this documentary is made for. 
good Rapaport gets at the dynamics of a group that struggles even now to get along well enough to get paid - again. 
good Despite accusations of nearly succumbing to spotlighting beefs over beats, the film comes off as an honest representation of a great group that's not to be forgotten. 
good A combination of timing, access, a visual aesthetic that reflects ATCQ's Afrocentric "surface philosophy" (as the crew's look is described) and, most importantly, story-conscious editing elevates the doc above the norm. 
fair Even if you think you don't like hip-hop you may find yourself captivated by the musicality of A Tribe Called Quest, and that alone is reason to watch this documentary... 
good Thanks to a particularly even-handed job by director Michael Rapaport, the story emerges as compelling, even for non-fans in the audience. 
good If you want to know what hip-hop is all about, this 'rapumentary' is a fine place to start. 
bad Good vibes propel what is a fairly straightforward account of the band's formation, album output, and acrimonious breakup. 
good It's a doozy. 
bad There's nothing new about the bickering between lead rappers Q-Tip and Phife, or their redundant breakup-and-reunion cycle. It helps that these lyricists are our key narrators, so at least they add wit and humour to their brief history. 
good I approached "Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest" with a music lover's curiosity and a film lover's fondness for documentaries. I was not disappointed on either count. 
very_good There are scenes toward the end of the movie that hint at a fuzzier tomorrow for Tribe, but you leave appreciating the music as it was, not hoping for anything else. 
very_good The band's politically charged hits still sound as fresh as when they were recorded, and their side projects may have improved with age. I had to download Jungle Brothers' "Black Is Black" the minute I left the theater. 
good The emotional honesty Rapaport captures on screen comes off as real, a cut above standard-issue Behind the Music drama in terms of believability. 
good Somewhat against the odds, Rapaport manages to parlay his access and sycophancy into the plaint of a concerned fan: Please, fellas, squash this. 
bad Either mandatory rap-nerd masturbation material or the most boring movie imaginable about that group with the song you liked in middle school. 
fair There is a love/hate relationship within A Tribe Called Quest 
good Even as the band implodes, "Beats" flows as smoothly as Q-Tip on "Verses From the Abstract." It's the tension between the group's core members that really propels the film forward. 
good An outstanding effort, and one of the more honest band biopics in recent years. 
fair An entertaining discussion backed by awesomely laid-back tracks ... Chronicles a creative, jazz-influenced scene of hip-hop heads that saw the music as the cake, not the icing. 
very_good A reminder, part "Behind the Music" and part something better, that even artists professing love and togetherness have a hard time keeping it going. 
good Even those who never joined the cult of A Tribe Called Quest will find this clear-eyed chronicle of their career irresistible. 
bad Rapaport, in his feature directorial debut, does an admirable job recounting the group's formation and dissecting its dissolution. 
fair "Beats, Rhymes & Life" is a must for hip-hop heads. Others will either be won over or left wondering what all the fuss is about. 
good The film serves both as a welcome document and reminder of the group in its prime, while also creating a portrait of lives still in motion, grown men trying to move on from yet respect the work of their younger selves. 
very_good You'll definitely leave the movie hoping [A Tribe Called Quest] will work out their differences to make more music together sometime in the future. 
fair Director Rapaport captures these intimate dynamics with startling depth, and the band members provide candid interviews that are amazing in their honesty and emotional insight. 
good While indulging in plenty of back-in-the-day remembrances, the film also creates a vivid image of the hip-hop that [A Tribe Called Quest] loved and also couldn't wait to subvert. 
fair Even as an "18 months later" epilogue ensures us that everything's hunky dory, this is one surprisingly grim celebration of a group Rapaport obviously loves. 
fair Starts out rather conventionally and builds into one of the most engaging music docs in years. 
bad Doesn't feel likely to hold the average film viewer's attention, and makes Al Gore's "An Inconvenient Truth" seem like a summer action flick by comparison. 
fair It appears afraid of alienating viewers by overloading on scientific jargon, and in the process becomes too attracted to ultimately superfluous anecdotes from her subjects. 
bad ...ultimately right in line with its passable yet far-from-memorable predecessor. 
terrible Basically only for completists looking to see Jason take center stage for the first time. [Blu-ray] 
terrible The new camp counselors are interchangeable with the old ones. Different faces, same basic people. 
bad Not as good as the original, but still pretty fun, it serves up more of the same and continued to be fresh enough before its many other sequels got too silly. 
fair cannot be defended intellectually, yet, the film's very simplicity and directness gives it a kind of folkloric power, albeit power that works only if you give yourself over to it 
fair Friday the 13th Part 2 never aspires to be termite art. 
fair A solid first sequel and the truly chilling jump scare at the end gives the original's a run for its money. 
bad a carbon copy sequel 
bad All things considered, it probably should have been a whole lot worse. 
very_bad If slasher movies are your thing, take a stab at this one. 
terrible Yes, it blows. Try to contain your surprise. 
very_bad Jason before hockey mask, but with a nifty flour sack on his head 
very_bad A little better than its predecessor, but that's not saying much. 
bad More of the same. It all depends on your taste for carnage. 
terrible The Eternal is just silly and not the least bit scary. 
bad ...goes on way too long for its tenuous material and never really pays off. However, it is a film of quiet terror... 
terrible The film is so tackily written and directed, so darkly photographed and the sound so dimly recorded, that it's difficult to stay with it. 
good Early Cronenberg. Crude, but effective. 
bad Cronenberg got more sophisticated later, but this is still a gross-out chiller to be proud of. 
fair Unusually heady for a zero budget shocker, finding its sources for fear in the mind/body disconnect between man and the basement of his sexual nature. 
good Deliciously disgusting. 
bad The "me" generation discarded sexual norms when it suited them, and Cronenberg offers a variety of punishments for their hypocrisy. 
good Despite all the nastiness there is a compulsive nature to this film that makes it very hard to switch off even when in full gory swing. 
bad Shivers, written and directed by Cronenberg, is a paranoid, prurient sexual nightmare. 
very_bad The film is marred by glacial pacing, its own silly premise, and a snowballing series of absurdities. 
bad It doesn't take a genius to figure out how this film ends--though it is a bit shocking how abrupt and, yes, unsatisfying it is. 
bad The new summer movies don't get much more formulaic than this bald attempt to capture the audience that can't wait to see the next three or four installments of Home Alone. 
terrible The feeble attempts at verbal and physical slapstick are so lacking in humour that they're embarrassing for both the players and audience. 
very_bad Howard Deutch is a proficient enough second division director, but here he allows sentimentality to run riot, and the awkwardly ageing Culkin (approaching adolescence) no longer possesses the mischievous charm of old. 
terrible The film's greatest liability is Culkin, grown awkwardly out of his Home Alone cuteness into a Stepford Child star. 
bad When toddlers are tipping the punchlines, it's time for rewrite. 
terrible This seems to be the work not of screenwriters but of Hollywood marketing executives who believe movies are popular because they tell audiences what they want to hear. 
bad Culkin is Culkin, cute and malleable, absolutely empty, absolutely precious, absolutely irritating. 
very_bad Tone: Home Alone-style slapstick with occasional (almost random) heart-tugging. 
bad A charming, amusing comedy for the whole family 
bad Perhaps blackmail isn't an easy subject to warm up to, or robbery the best ground to rebuild a relationship on, but with a little care, some added ingredients and a bit more spice, Getting Even With Dad could have been a satisfying [film]. 
terrible Yeah, the one with Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson. Avoid at all conceivable cost. 
bad The dysfunctional family in this film is little more than a shameless plot device to introduce a lame father/son bonding adventure. 
bad Here is a movie with broad ambitions: It wants to be a caper, a comedy, a romance, and a showcase for MacAulay Culkin. That's too much of a stretch. 
terrible The only point to this movie is to make Macaulay a millionaire. 
very_bad Culkin simply couldn't deliver the goods anymore. 
bad This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile. 
bad Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album. 
very_bad About as fun as painting a wagon. 
fair ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer. 
good A fun no-brainer that successfully casts a sweet romantic spell. 
terrible No laughs in this one at all. Who decided to write a movie about a club designer? Boring concept, no chemistry. 
terrible Fools rush in to watch this stupid romantic comedy. 
bad Stick to the sitcoms, Matt. 
bad Take away the ethnic/pregnancy angles, and we've seen this premise countless times -- all the way back to the spate of post-World War II romances about returning veterans and the mates they married in a blink. 
good Shakhnazarov, who began his film career in the Soviet era and was about the age of his protagonists in '73, brings an authenticity to the material, as well as a certain wistfulness in his excellent re-creation of Brezhnev-era Moscow. 
good A nicely turned film about the crushing inevitability of change. 
bad Evocative period details and persuasive performances lend a poignant sadness to Karen Shakhnazarov's familiar, but well-told, coming-of-age tale. 
good [Director] Shakhnazarov came of age during the Soviet Union's Communist days and brings firsthand experience to the Brezhnev-era The Vanished Empire. 
bad In The Vanished Empire, Mr. Shakhnazarov, a prolific and under-recognized Russian filmmaker with a surrealist touch, views the collapse of the Soviet Union as an inevitable conflation of the younger generation's natural impulse to reject the past. 
bad A Russian film about a self-absorbed youth who is driven by an insatiable yearning to have whatever he wants. 
very_bad The moralistic finale feels tacked on to the vivid celebration of Commie teen lust. 
fair The lost-world aura of the film's clumsy youths provides an inexorable dig into Brezhnev-era diffidence. 
best The best Mexican splatterfest since Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia! 
fair Eventually, the film's impressive array of formal pyrotechnics overwhelms its morals. 
bad It may feel more like pulp than art house, but it still maintains its grip, bound together by a score composed by Nick Cave, among others. 
bad So confusing (especially if you're a football dolt) that you may have trouble identifying the different narrative strands. It's still gripping. 
bad There are characters who help to connect the stories and provide a straight line through a very twisted narrative. In its best moments this is an exciting, involving multi-story thriller. 
very_bad Full of colour, carnage and dramatic overkill, the film drills through your brain, destroying neurons as it goes. It's like being your own guest at an aesthetic torture gig. 
very_bad So we think Mexico is an extremely violent place, but are a bit confused to be frank. 
bad The pacing drags in the early stages, the characters are thinly sketched and the impact of the dialogue has been diluted by a shoddy subtitling job. 
bad The dizzying narrative pings hither and thither, with first-time director Gout confidently deploying different screen ratios and film stocks to remind the audience where they are in the timeline. 
very_bad Starts with a bracingly stylised snarl and ends in a muddle. 
fair Everardo Valerio Gout directs as though he may never get another chance, throwing just about everything he can at his first feature - and quite a lot of what he throws is impressive, even if he sometimes tries just a little too hard. 
bad Gout, a prolific short filmmaker here making his feature-length debut, shows a flair for directing actors and for creating atmospheric visual sequences, often composed of single, beautifully-soundtracked tracking shots. 
good This is genre filmmaking taken to its pulpiest extreme, an example of style over substance to be sure, but what style. 
very_bad One ultimately can't help but scratch one's head at the presence of such well-known figures as Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey within Edison Force... 
very_bad Nothing more than a sub-average direct-to-video actioner with a few A-listers stuck in the leads. 
terrible Deveria haver uma lei contra filmes como este. 
terrible We'd all be better served if Die Hard would simply die already. 
bad The international location, political intrigue and 007 flourishes in [the] score all suggest a fundamental shift in the series-or ... a passing of the torch to McClane Jr. 
terrible Once blithely acceptable as American id, McClane's become the archetypal American idiot. [Blu-ray] 
very_bad A Good Day to Die Hard is the worst Die Hard yet; substituting loud, noisy and sloppily-filmed action for what used to be one of Bruce Willis' more entertaining roles. 
terrible This new entry to the Die Hard series features a seriously underdeveloped plot held together by stunt sequences that are as overblown as they are ridiculous. 
terrible The score by Marco Beltrami might suggest a mission impossible, but the movie's reality is more like a poor man's Wile E. Coyote-Road Runner cartoon... 
very_bad A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just half-boring and indifferently made; at its worst, it's downright dispiriting. 
terrible Empty, ugly and dumb, a grim and cynical exercise in death and destruction. 
bad Undeniably entertaining action-movie franchise fodder [but] had the producers [made] Mary Elizabeth Winstead the film's other action hero rather than going with the convention of casting yet another male, Die Hard 5 would have been awesome. 
very_bad A perfectly fine collection of ridiculous stunts and gratuitous explosions ruined by the addition of nonsensical plot and acting that appears to be submerged beneath weapons-grade painkillers. 
very_bad Sees both franchise and character transformed into tragically unimaginative, cacophonously violent and embarrassingly unfunny shadows of their once great former selves. 
terrible Gone is the vulnerable, smart and resourceful hero of the original. He has instead been replaced by an unstoppable killing machine who - like a pull-string toy - sprouts irrelevant catch phrases like 'I'm on vacation!' in the middle of a fire fight. 
very_bad You know you're in trouble when an action film opens in Moscow showing a Russian criminal being held prisoner in a cell playing chess by himself. This is the kind of obvious cheesy badly scripted trope A Good Day to Die Hard is rampantly infected with. 
terrible Pushes the series deep into the trash heap 
bad Remember those Mr Magoo cartoons where the doddery old bald guy would blunder around various locations, leaving chaos in his wake while constantly insisting "I'm on vacation"? 
very_bad It would be a shame if this is John McClane's final bow, but on the strength of this effort, maybe it's time for him to hang up the machine gun. 
terrible The Nakatomi Plaza has never felt so far away. Die Hard is my favourite film. I only attended AGDTDH as a sombre obligation; like a relative being asked to identify a corpse. 
very_bad Yippee-ki-NAY 
terrible If only the people in charge had simply not involved Willis in it, not decided to call it a Die Hard movie, not set up my hopes for something more than gut-level, oomph-ish satisfaction, I wouldn't have felt so empty and disappointed when it was over. 
terrible The fact that A Good Day to Die Hard returns the Die Hard series to its R-rated roots doesn't change the fact that this latest entry is pretty dire. 
very_bad The desecration of the Die Hard series continues with this shockingly underwhelming entry... 
bad 'Do you know what I hate about the Americans? Everything.' The fifth 'Die Hard' movie offers no evidence to dispute this Russian villain's opinion, as arrogant John McClane does more damage to the former Soviet republic than a hailstorm of meteorites. 
bad Willis appears to be doing little more than going through the motions, and the character is so gutted and generic at this point that virtually any other action caricature could be inserted into the script with virtually no effect on the film 
terrible One of the great action franchises in movie history not only delivers its first bomb, it puts a crater in the franchise so large I fear it can't be rebuilt. 
very_bad O diretor John Moore retorna ao trabalho depois de um hiato de cinco anos para confirmar toda a incompetencia demonstrada em Max Payne. 
bad has charm and promises more from the new filmmaker 
terrible It wants to have it both ways, mixing the aesthetics of the '80s and the '10s together, and this does not work. 
very_bad This would be a good day to kill this franchise for ever. 
very_bad Willis is still fine but the script and directing make this "a bad day to die hard." 
terrible An implausible, action adventure featuring a couple of bomb and bulletproof protagonists more resilient than Wile E. Coyote, thanks to the miracle of cartoon physics! 
terrible A dumb, noisy generic actioner that someone copied and pasted John McClane into to make a buck. Fans of the Die Hard franchise have every right to be insulted as should any movie lover with half a brain. 
terrible What a disappointment. 
terrible Director John Moore, the anonymous hack at the helm, stages car chases and gun fights with messy imprecision. 
bad I had a decent time but I'm hoping next time we get a little bit of that old reliable John McClane back... and yes, I hope there is a next time. 
very_bad But then that's part of the problem, "AGDTDH" is all "wham-bam" and no "thank you, ma'am." 
terrible It's woeful stuff. 
bad Action packed but expectedly ridiculous. 
terrible Unbelievably, this great character has made a complete transformation from a likable, sympathetic Everyman in 1988 to an arrogant, insufferable jerk in 2013. 
terrible A good day - it isn't. To quote John McClane: "Something stinks." 
very_bad Over the course of 25 years and four ensuing movies, we've gone from mild eye-rolling to goggling incredulity. 
bad It was exactly what I expected from a fifth installment of a 25-year-old franchise that was released in February when all the other films dropped in the summer. 
very_bad doesn't stint on mayhem and havoc, though even a spectacular helicopter stand-off has a curious world-weariness about it that undercuts any sense of suspense 
terrible A Good Day to Die Hard is the Superman IV: The Quest for Peace of the Die Hard series. It is Jaws: The Revenge, The Next Karate Kid, and that movie where Jason Voorhees kills people in a spaceship. 
bad At this stage in the franchise, the best thing to be said about the Die Hard sequels is that they come up with cool titles. 
very_bad To add your own entertainment value, one game you can play during the film is to guess how many minutes will have gone by before Willis ends up with a single mark on his white top. 
very_bad To call the film perfunctory would be to insult properly perfunctory events, such as that visit to your least-favourite uncle. 
fair The poster-child for the big, dumb action movie, but Bruce Willis as John McClane makes everything better. 
good Yes, it's a brain drain of a film, but its go-for-broke zeal is contagious and fun, mindless or otherwise. 
bad Many critics have already determined that this Die Hard is a bad day at the cinema. For me, like so many modern action films, if you leave your brain at the door, you may leave Russia with love. 
fair Suspension of reality is a must. But that's Die Hard, and this Die Hard die hard fans won't love but won't hate either. 
terrible Willis is squint-eyed and angry throughout the movie, and not just because he's as old as he is, yet still feels the financial need to keep making these movies. 
terrible Willis has hinted that a sixth Die Hard movie is already in the works - the good news is, the series can only go up from here. 
very_bad (T)his is Die Hard by the numbers, and said digits just don't add up. 
bad There really is no point in looking for logic in a fifth Die Hard movie; these films have become a parody of themselves, wallowing in their inane action set pieces and sassy one-liners without much concern for plot or coherence. 
very_bad The well has certainly dried up for the Die Hard franchise. 
good It's great to see Willis back in the role that suits him most. 
bad On any serious level, it's deplorable, but it's so macho a vision of old age that it becomes quaintly enjoyable. 
fair "Good Day" is action-packed, but not in a good way. 
very_bad The dialogue in Good Day is painfully awkward, and before you say, "No one goes to a Die Hard movie for the dialogue," let me say that I agree. But you have not heard how bad this dialogue is. 
very_bad Although he can still kick it into gear when the situation demands it, it's not entirely clear if it's McClane, Willis, or maybe the franchise itself that's barely mustering up the strength to carry on. 
terrible Bad acting and stiff dialogue rear their ugly head in the opening scene and just douse the movie in their thick juices repeatedly until it ends. 
terrible This is the Magpie School of action filmmaking: Anytime things start to make so little sense that you might lose the audience, just throw something shiny up on screen to distract. 
terrible The Bowfinger parody of itself. 
very_bad If the first film was a finely tuned machine, this one's a great big ugly Mack truck of shooting and exploding and yelling, all shakycams and quick cuts and incomprehensible action blocking. 
bad A Good Day To Die Hard is a movie for people who like blowin' stuff up, evidently a favorite pastime of director John Moore, whose action scenes make about as much sense as his script, which was likely written on a cocktail napkin. 
very_bad Die Hard 5 does at least feature the best villain in the franchise: director John Moore. 
bad John Moore seems to take all of our hopes for this out with an exciting-then-boring car chase that feels like it takes 40 minutes to complete. 
very_bad It's never a good sign when you find yourself checking your watch in a movie. But it's far worse when you sneak a peek during a car chase scene. 
bad Yippee-ki ... whatever. 
bad It's fun, but ultimately inconsequential, and doesn't feel especially like a "Die Hard" movie 
bad An explosive, high-capacity-clip letdown. 
bad I guess the people making A Good Day to Die Hard don't understand that mortality is one of John McClane's most endearing qualities. Turning him into a cyborg with a sense of self-deprecating humor makes this a low point in the series' history. 
very_bad The title A Good Day to Die Hard is not just a name, it's a proclamation that this series is now ready for the graveyard. 
very_bad John McClean goes to Chernobyl. That's where we're at. Chernobyl. 
very_bad Hands down the weakest entry in the series... incredibly generic in just about every way. 
very_bad John McClane is easily one of the big screen's most beloved heroes, but retrofitting him with modern sensibilities just doesn't work. 
very_bad Easily the worst of the series- by a long shot. Makes LIVE FREE OR DIE HARD look like a classic. 
terrible This series needs to die here. That would be something to "Yippee Ki-Yay" about. 
very_bad Does this movie even have a writer? 
fair A quarter-century after it began, A Good Day to Die Hard continues the franchise without undue embarrassment. 
terrible Time to hang it up, guys ... 
terrible This is the first Die Hard movie to run well under two hours (the incomprehensible final 30 minutes have been so furiously chopped, they deserve their own show on the Food Network). 
bad Forget what you know about the earlier "Die Hard" films. This 'Good Day' is not the "Die Hard," nor the John McClane that we've come to know. 
very_bad It took 25 years, but with the fifth and latest entry, "A Good Day to Die Hard," the series has finally devolved into joyless sludge. 
bad At this point, "Die Hard" no longer describes the franchise. It describes the fans who are still willing to turn out for the noise and nonsense. 
fair Willis and Courtney make a strong match, believable both as fractious family members and also as sarcastic adversaries forced by circumstances to work together. 
terrible This insultingly slap-dash sequel has as little relation to the original "Die Hard" as it does to logic and narrative coherence. 
bad Different title, same story. 
very_bad Both assaultive and tiresome, "A Good Day to Die Hard" barely registers on the action movie Richter scale. It goes bang, it goes boom, and then it blessedly goes away. 
very_bad Good Day in a nutshell? Father-son bonding with heavy artillery, a lot of big bangs, a triple-figure body count and little else. 
fair Easily the worst and most ridiculous of the "Die Hard" films, but one that still fills the audience need for gunplay, explosions, a chatty villain, heavy machinery, wisecracks and an indestructible Willis with can-you-believe-this? excess. 
very_bad As workmanlike as men in fluorescent tabards repainting the white lines on the North Circular on a wet Tuesday. 
terrible Any remaining good faith in the franchise is now lost. Bruce's threatened sixth outing must surely be a bridge too far now. 
bad Aside from the stunt team and the over-caffeinated editors, nobody appears interested in making this what it should be: a major movie event. 
bad Watchable, decently paced action flick, enlivened by strong performances from both Willis and Courtney and some impressive stunt work ... 
bad It's as predictable as Christmas and, if you are in the mood, as enjoyable. 
very_bad I don't think it knows where it's going. I'm not even sure it cares. 
terrible Overall, this is a bad day that you'd rather forget. 
bad A Good Day to Die Hard wants to be a movie about family values - a father and son, bonding over bullets and bombs - but it's really just about the value of a box-office franchise, and its value is on the wane. 
very_bad It seems like every 15 minutes, somebody the McClanes think was a friend points a gun at them, which makes for some confused plotting. 
very_bad McClane has been stripped of any real traces of an actual three-dimensional character. We feel as if we're watching Bruce Willis in a Bruce Willis movie in which Bruce Willis can survive anything while taking out the villains, video-game style. 
bad No one expects Good Day to replicate the excitement of the original Die Hard, but this assembly-line product doesn't even live up to its immediate predecessor. 
very_bad Everything about A Good Day to Die Hard, from the gratuitously destructive car chases to the obligatory series in-jokes to Bruce Willis's weary, half-hearted central turn, feels like an obligation. 
terrible Yippee Ki-Yuck. 
bad Even though the ride finally stalls, A Good Day To Die Hard has been thrustingly outrageous enough in its earlier moments to coast to the finish line on momentum. 
terrible To say this is the worst of the series doesn't give its unique level of awfulness justice. That's largely because the franchise hasn't had a stinker up to this point, but this is the 'Rocky V' of the beloved franchise and it reeks. 
fair It's probably a good day to end the series at last, but it's an action-packed and entertaining finale. 
very_bad This 97-minute piffle may run a full half-hour shorter than its predecessors, but it is so dull and lacking in creativity and tension that it feels like the longest one. 
terrible John McClane's latest outing delivers everything you should expect from the minds responsible for tripe like Max Payne and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. 
bad Starts off with the right idea but undermines itself with an almost non-existent storyline, interminable padding, indestructible good guys and genuine insults to the audience's intelligence. 
fair While it may not be time for McClane to hang up his vest just yet, the formula is starting to seem tired, and it feels like the end might be approaching for this particular franchise. 
very_bad The plot -- which takes a while to get going, not in terms of action but in creating interest -- is a series of long, violent set-pieces. 
very_bad Obnoxious, over the top and often dull. 
bad Not a good day exactly, but not a goodnight to Die Hard either. 
terrible It plunges to the depths of "Superman IV," "Death Wish V" and other sorry sequels that now exist today largely as the least-played discs in Blu-Ray box sets. 
bad As the series gets longer and our hero gets older, the action only gets louder and the hair-raising situations become more unbelievable. 
very_bad A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just the weakest of the Die Hard pictures; it's a lousy action movie on its own terms. 
very_bad Give Courtney the lead role in a spin-off and call it a good day to wrap up. 
very_bad True, a lot of stuff gets blown up and stunts that must have cost the Earth appear with startling regularity, but the sense of exhilaration and fun that marked the best of the series has gone unaccountably AWOL. 
terrible A poor excuse to Die Hard. 
very_bad With little going for A Good Day to Die Hard in any aspect really, it's certainly a disappointing addition to the Die Hard franchise 
terrible A Good Day To Die Hard is an ugly, crass and uncomfortably mean-spirited sequel that bears no resemblance to its predecessors. 
very_bad Whatever future this series may have, A Good Day to Die Hard is its current nadir. 
terrible Those going to see the latest John McClane movie (the 5th), expecting another smart and sassy Die Hard, instead get Transformers, Part 12. 
good ...true to the series in one crucial way: its zen-like commitment to wanton chaos. 
very_bad A good way to ruin the 'Die Hard' franchise. Terrible. 
very_bad If Harvard Business School wants to do a case study on how to debase a once-respected brand, they needn't look any further than the Die Hard movies. 
bad It's "A Good Day to Die Hard," aka "We've Got No Story To Speak Of But We Do Have an Infinite Special Effects Budget and We're Not Afraid To Spend It." 
terrible Willis may not be the film's saving grace, but he is some kind of grace nonetheless, really the only thing in the movie. 
terrible This leaden flick is completely joyless. 
bad While some of the sequels have been entertaining enough, "A Good Day to Die Hard" signals that it may be a better day for John McClane to retire. 
terrible Mr. Willis has said in interviews that he's open to a sixth "Die Hard" film. Next time, Bruce, please read the script. 
very_bad Loud and tedious...not a decent villain or catchphrase in it. 
bad To paraphrase a classic of Reagan-era cinema, "A Good Day to Die Hard" is a bad day to stop sniffing glue. 
terrible A wholly generic international actioner barely distinguished by the presence of Willis's banner hero. 
very_bad Everything that made the first "Die Hard" memorable -- the nuances of character, the political subtext, the cowboy wit -- has been dumbed down or scrubbed away entirely. 
terrible A complete waste of time on every level. Loud, obnoxious, boring, cartoonish, morally reprehensible, and just plain stupid. 
very_bad Continuity has become a thing of the past for the franchise, which would help itself by not continuing anymore. 
fair For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration. 
very_good Highlighted by standout performances by Greg Kinnear and Lily Collins, this film has it all, some humor, some tears, and a lot of truth. 
fair A little heavy-handed at times, "Stuck in Love" is saved from the maudlin pile by its stellar cast. 
very_good [Boone's] semiautobiographical film is a confident, at times wonderfully nuanced, and often well-paced rewrite of his own parents' divorce. 
bad Familiar tale of indie-suburban angst. 
fair The story, while unsurprising, is also quietly satisfying. Everyone comes to accept some hard truths about themselves. 
very_bad Cliched literary trappings come together in "Stuck in Love," but the final product feels more like a footnote than a finished work. 
very_bad Although "Stuck in Love" is an indie film, it hews slavishly to Hollywood formulas right down to its comfy Thanksgiving Day ending. It's all so easy, isn't it? 
terrible Like many films paying lip service to the world of writing and publishing, Stuck in Love is in a big hurry to get to the good parts 
good Three writers in one family explore the different shades of love. 
fair Worthwhile for its fine performances, including the best work that Greg Kinnear and Jennifer Connelly have done in quite a while. 
bad Set in a world of resplendent beach homes and scrubbed-clean towns, populated by genetically blessed people who wouldn't know a real concern if it smacked them in the face. 
bad The movie's not especially urgent or inventive, but it has small moments of grace ... 
fair Nicely acted, but a bit all over the place 
bad So contrived and tidy that it's not remotely believable. 
bad This is the heartfelt indie-schmindie piece that The Perks of Being a Wallflower desperately wanted to be but wasn't. 
very_bad First-time director Josh Boone gets performances from his cast but fails to make the story about first loves and second chances work. 
bad writer/director Josh Boone has made a quiet romantic fantasy, complete with downbeat indie soundtrack, which in its own way is as unrealistic as any blockbuster but a perfectly pleasant watch. 
very_bad This is tedious fare. Best avoided. 
good Hugely watchable from the shock beginning through to the clever mix of end-of-lifecycle events and renewed opportunities ( ... ) a class above what passes for the average romcom today. 
bad This is Kinnear's best role in a few years, and Connelly's, too: her attempts to win back Collins's stroppy prodigy have an emotional generosity her acting has lacked lately. 
good Enjoyable and engaging relationship comedy drama enlivened by likeable performances, a strong script and some appealing location work, though it's also a little too pretentious for its own good in places. 
very_bad It all plays out a bit like a feature-length episode of Dawson's Creek - pretty teenagers wandering around romantic locations spouting over-written dialogue. 
very_bad The sharp edges of the story are sentimentally sanded down; there's a fair bit of slush, and it's a pretty quaint view of what writers and a writer's life are actually like. 
good Unfashionably un-cynical, it's a labour of familial love from first-time writer-director Josh Boone whose simple style well serves a story of sweetness and wit. 
bad A sweet little study of the right royal mess people can make of relationships when they let their own neuroses take over, and a warm tribute to overcoming them. 
very_bad As dysfunctional as its family of scribblers despite tiny bites of charm from the cast 
bad A sweet tale of love, loss and life with solid performances from a first-rate cast. 
bad A tough, well-etched portrait of the damage a broken marriage can wreak. 
bad Ultimately, Happiness seems most distinctive not as a specific director's work, but rather as an entry in a distinctly Korean melodramatic subgenre. 
good Just because it's not A-list Argento, that does not mean it cannot be an effective surrealist horror film. 
good second-tier stuff 
bad Visually striking, utterly incoherent, largely enjoyable. 
terrible [Argento's] stories are not supposed to make sense, but we can at least ask them to be watchable. 
good More so than any other Argento film, this one is for the fans. 
good Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it. 
best Excellent but mature film about finding a connection. 
very_good An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola... 
fair Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos. 
best Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments. 
very_good This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves. 
best Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality. 
best Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola. 
good From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole. 
good Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects. 
good A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie. 
best This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography. 
bad If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W. 
best By far, one of the best films of the year. 
very_good As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character. 
very_good The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances. 
best Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves. 
very_good Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this. 
very_good 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable' 
best El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas... 
very_good Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey. 
best ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ... 
bad ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario... 
best Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style. 
very_good Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting. 
very_good Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming. 
very_good Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words. 
best The best film of 2003. 
fair A smart, stylish portrait of a romance that never happens, with excellent performances and a message delivered in restrained whisper rather than Hollywood shout. 
fair It's a film of few words, not a wacky SNL Bill Murray. An abstract meditation on life, self, marriage w/ a few accents of humor shot entirely in Japan. 
good Lost In Translation is a subtly moving movie that stays with you longer than you expect. 
very_good ... a film that explores the boundaries and responsibilities of a relationship free of the judgment that outsiders would inevitably impose upon it. 
best There's not a word or a wistful glance out of place in Sofia Coppola's offbeat comedy drama. 
best Extraordinary in its beautiful, lyrical simplicity...Coppola's seemingly effortless, flawlessly fluid command of the film's moods and unspoken emotions is cinematic bliss. 
good This Bill Murray is not only the most human, but in many ways the funniest. 
very_good ...[an] intimate glossy project with a solid purpose...[a] compellingly warm and intuitive narrative...imaginative and inherently heartfelt 
best It's one of those unique, introverted gems, like The Accidental Tourist or The Piano, that either enfolds you with its generosity of spirit or leaves you cold. 
very_good The power of Lost in Translation is in the way it sneaks up on you. 
best A fidelidade de Sofia Coppola e devotada a seus personagens, e nao ao espectador. E esta e, mais uma vez, a decisao correta. 
best A thoughtful, moving film that's a pure delight from beginning to end. 
fair How sorry can you feel for rich, unadventurous Americans in a major funk? 
very_good There's an almost ethereal rawness to this film that gets way under the skin. 
best a beautiful, lyrical cinematic ode to lost souls finding each in an unlikely place 
very_good Director Sofia Coppola's second feature film is so smart and, yet, simple that it is nearly perfect. 
best It's that perfect movie that you watch in order to feel that you may not be alone in the world after all. It works like a dream. 
fair I wasn't quite as impressed as I was apparently supposed to be, and I feel oddly left out because of that. 
best "Lost in Translation" is a movie about almost nothing at all except a tenuous connection between two lost souls. 
best Lost in Translation finds something that occasionally happens between people and presents it realistically...one of the best pictures of the year. 
good At this rate, writer-director Sofia Coppola is poised to become a classic storyteller who is more subtle, if not as grand-scale, as her father. 
best The film is poetically austere in dialogue but thoughtful. Like a walk on a spring day, Lost in Translation is not momentous but rather pleasantly freeing. 
very_good It's a movie about disconnection: from your family, from the world around you, even from yourself. It's a movie about being trapped in that high chair and wanting so badly to be able to reach that floor. 
good A film about catharsis, the kind that exists outside of movies: the slow reawakening, triggered by the compassion and like-mindedness of another, that everyone craves. 
fair ...Coppola's more interested in establishing the mood of this foreign land, instead of allowing us to really get to know the two central characters. 
best Murray, as Bob, gives the performance of his career. 
good In a manner that is leisurely in pace, ruminative in nature and quiet in tone ... Coppola gives her lonely travellers all the space they need to make this tentative and ultimately magical connection. 
best The film crackles with the energy of Bob and Charlotte's connection, and their adventures in the hurry-and-flurry Tokyo nightlife are glittery, dreamlike, meditative and beautiful. 
good An effective mood piece about cultural dislocation and personal alienation... 
best Bob and Charlotte's relationship in particular is exquisitely portrayed; a sort of platonic romance, it's a relationship that exists because of the things that aren't said between them just as much as the things that are 
best the best film of the year...it's time to see what Bill Murray's really capable of. If he isn't nominated for Oscars for the film, it'll be a disgrace. 
very_good An amazing mood piece that captures the characters' inner turmoil, confusion, restlessness and the strange, surreal surroundings that are the cause for their discord. 
very_good Sometimes the experience of seeing a film so powerful in its presentation of human character is worth the arguable sacrifice of narrative tension 
very_good Bill Murray is perfectly cast and his performance is understated, like the entire film. He deserves an Oscar nomination. 
best A film of dazzling style and gentle triumph. 
good A wistful little film that gradually insinuates itself upon your consciousness. 
very_good [Murray] is effortlessly superb. 
very_good Lost in Translation offers such a wealth of wonderful themes that one hardly knows where to begin. 
very_good With Lost in Translation, director Sofia Coppola makes a serious bid to claim her last name for herself. 
best A movie as good as anything [Sofia Coppola's] daddy ever made -- and yet Lost in Translation is a movie he could not have made if he tried. 
very_good Sofia Coppola is a rising star, and this is definitely one of the best films of 2003. 
best Lost in Translation is delicate, heartfelt, and mesmerizing. 
very_good What could have been one of the year's best films is tripped up by a couple of sloppy contrivances. 
good Murray is outstanding as the bearer of flawed maturity and gnawing melancholy. 
good A film for any lost soul, anyone trying to figure where their life is headed and if they're happy about it. 
fair Another elusive non-story about oh-so-existential beautiful misfits 
very_good The title doesn't refer to a misunderstanding so much as a state of being. 
very_good Lost in Translation is one of the year's best films, an intelligent, beautifully rendered mood piece that features Bill Murray at his absolute best. 
bad The film works best when the two [leads] are having talks together with Murray playing it quiet and sincere. Sadly there are fewer of such moments than the film needed. 
very_good Tender and amazing. 
very_good Sofia has almost surpassed her dad. 
best It's a sharp, funny, tender and surprising film that pivots on Murray. 
best A gemlike movie that's intimate and moody but never sentimental. 
very_good Coppola clearly loves these characters, and so we do, too. 
very_good Murray has never been better than he is here, but then he's never had a part that fit him so well, either. 
best There is real magic afoot in Lost in Translation -- the sort that is created not at the wave of a wizard's wand, but by the coming together of two wayward souls. 
good In Lost in Translation, [Murray] emerges as a complete character -- honourable and venal, fallible and funny, adding vulnerability to the panache. 
very_good It's about time someone gave Bill Murray a leading juicy role the talented actor could sink his teeth into. 
good A superbly crafted movie, with knowing dialogue, fine performances and characters that you grow to care deeply for. 
best How instinctively we react -- and connect -- when a film captures a feeling that is all too common, and all too real. 
best Although Translation is only [Coppola's] second feature, she already shows signs of being a sensei, as the Japanese call a master. 
best It's no news that Murray is a creative comic actor, with films like Groundhog Day and Rushmore on his resume. Here he's at his very best. 
good Expertly captures a feeling of woozy bewilderment. 
very_good How to sing the praises of Lost in Translation without drowning out its subtle pleasures? 
fair Personally, I had simply read/heard way too much hyperbole about this movie before my screening, so I couldn't help but feel a little let down afterwards. 
fair This film would've worked really well as a short film, it's not terribly satisfying as a full length feature. 
good You don't need an interpreter to get that this a good movie. 
best Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson make the first classic romance of the new century glow with gorgeous, luminous grace. 
fair The weight of Sofia Coppola's circuitous script is carried on the shoulders of the career-defining performances given by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson. 
very_good Imbued with a blissful nostalgia for things that can never be recaptured, Lost in Translation is already poised to be one of the best movies of the year. 
very_good Lost in Translation's artful blend of romance and cross-cultural comedy is just the tonic for audiences weary of big, dumb, loud summer blockbusters. 
best It's a wonderful film, all subtlety and grace, from the delicate script of writer-director Sofia Coppola to the finely tuned efforts of Bill Murray, who gives a still, laconic yet mesmerizing performance. 
very_good By the end of Lost in Translation, we don't know much about Japan, but we know a lot more about the human condition. 
very_good Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson give performances that will be talked about for years. 
best Subtly realized and finely nuanced, this is fresh and unspoiled filmmaking. 
good A terrific balance of comedy, drama and lyrical moments. 
good A brave and accomplished study of love and human connections that establishes the young Coppola as one of the most acute talents of her generation. 
best Murray is only one of many superb elements in Coppola's new film, a masterpiece on a level with her father's best work at the same age: namely, The Godfather. 
very_good Coppola, an assured and confident young filmmaker, has crafted a small poem, about being lost and being found. 
best [Coppola] gives us a film so poignant, so funny, so free of self-satisfied bravado, that one can't help but look forward to her next work. 
best Sublimely romantic and subtle. 
best Sweet and sad at the same time it is sardonic and funny. 
best It allows Scarlett Johansson to arrive as an actress at the same time it finally gives Bill Murray the great role that has always eluded him. 
very_good ...a tender visual poem about unexpected friendship, traveler's angst and the disassociating allure of Tokyo. 
very_good A smartly written, confidently directed film that delivers big laughs while developing two of the year's most earnest characters and some of its most rewarding sentiments. 
best As fine a look at dislocation as you're ever going to see, and it has the nice bonus of boasting Bill Murray's greatest performance. 
best One of the bests of 2003 with stellar performances by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson as Americans who reach across the age barrier to connect with each other in Tokyo. 
very_good You'll see it because you love Bill Murray. But somewhere about halfway through you'll realize that you're watching something much more than a dramatic vehicle for Hollywood's clown prince. 
good Coppola's mood-setting is pitch-perfect ... to be lost and alone in a strange place, full of strangers, feeling kind of sad and wistful. 
best Something truly special. 
bad Lightweight and a bit of a let-down, Sofia Coppola's follow-up to the marvelous Virgin Suicides is nevertheless an interesting development in what's shaping up to be an interesting career. 
best One of the purest and simplest examples ever of a director falling in love with her star's gifts. 
good Tart and sweet, unmistakably funny and exceptionally well observed. 
fair It's certainly edgier, smarter, than much of what passes for culture-clash comedy these days, even if the phlegmatic Murray sometimes resembles every Ugly American abroad, mocking waiters and sushi chefs who struggle to get his deadpan humor. 
best This is one of the year's most subtly moving films, and a strong affirmation of Coppola's substantial talent. 
best Remarkably sophisticated, honest, consistently hilarious and very real. 
very_good Mysterious and complex, as it muses bittersweetly on marriage, longing and the disconnectedness one can feel from another culture or people. 
fair They'll always have Tokyo. 
best This study into the unfathomable depths of human relationships has more honesty than 95% of the movies I have seen this year. 
good Sofia Coppola developed the concept from a sketchy four-page outline into a 65-page script, which left lots of room for improvisation. And that's what's brilliant here. Patiently, she trusts her actors and cinematographer Lance Accord. 
best Lost in Translation is a witty laugh out-loud tale of friendship. Coppola breaks through and stands firmly at the edge of her future. 
very_good You'll think. You'll laugh. You'll be marvelously entertained. And you'll be touched. 
bad Attractive and pleasant as it is, there's no escaping the impression that it feels like an overly hip exercise in soul-searching for those who thought American Beauty really did "look closer" at life. 
best Lyrical and deeply touching...as intimate, humane, and heartfelt as any love story this year. 
fair a joy to watch 
very_bad This tedious vanity piece is enlivened only by the charm of its leading man, Bill Murray 
very_good Like a favorite and enthralling CD soundtrack that takes you places magical. 
very_good The film's characters see their every disaffection hauntingly reflected onto the sounds and landscapes of the city they inhabit. 
good Coppola's technique of trusting the actors to find and deliver their moments scores big in telling her story and overcoming its deficiencies. 
very_bad What could have been an interesting and funny period piece under the directorship of original screenwriter Edwards is turned into a tedious, infantile mess by director Benjamin. 
bad One wishes the only pairing of Clint and Burt were better, but City Heat is still fun. 
terrible How do travesties like this get made? 
bad One of Mr. Benjamin's main contributions to the film is a good-humored buoyancy, even when things are at their most muddled. 
best Film noir is the most intoxicating of Hollywood cocktails, and none is more potent than Double Indemnity. 
best The quintessential film noir -- acid and snappy, and shockingly cold-blooded. 
best Quite possibly the most perfect example of film noir to emerge from Hollywood during that genre's reign. 
bad Even though you already know it isn't going to end well, it's suffused with a clammy-handed anxiety that belies its age. The dialogue, too, is classic Wilder -- almost poetic in its snappy, purple lyricism. 
best This classic thriller from director Billy Wilder is one of the best-loved examples of film noir ever made. 
best Dark, dialogue-heavy classic of grim suspense. 
best The perfect material for Wilder to remake himself as Hollywood's dark jester for decades. 
best Writer/director Billy Wilder cements all the hallmarks of a style that comes into its own with this wicked and suspenseful portrait of capitalist greed and post-war anxiety. 
very_good Sizzling and sassy, this thriller still cuts it amongst today's effects-laden offerings. 
good If you like your dialogue hardboiled, your lighting shadowy, and your femmes fatales preposterously evil, then look no further: Billy Wilder's 1944 adaptation of James M Cain's insurance-scam novella. 
best One of the true gems of film noir. 
best Thanks to DVD, Phyllis will always be there waiting for you. Same chair, same perfume, same anklet, ready to make you wonder what she wonders. 
best Wilder's direction is crisp and the lighting and cinematography (by John F. Seitz) have become iconic touchstones. 
good An accepted classic and archetypal film noir, Billy Wilder's Double Indemnity is visually drab and flabby around the edges. 
best Representante maximo do noir, conta com uma trama fascinante, atuacoes impecaveis, fotografia e direcao irretocaveis e, e claro, dialogos inesqueciveis. 
best Film noir at its finest, a template of the genre, etc. Billy Wilder in full swing, Barbara Stanwyck's finest hour, and Fred MacMurray makes a great chump. 
best Stanwyck, MacMurray and Robinson are superb in classic murder for profit story. 
best Classic film noir and classic Billy Wilder. What more can you ask? 
best Who'd ever believe Fred would grow up to have such a sweet 'Three Sons.' 
best Indelible, coal-black noir that any self-respecting studio wouldn't have the audacity to finance today. 
best The very best noir there is? Quite possibly. 
best Both a starkly realistic and a carefully stylized masterpiece of murder. 
best Few other directors have made so many films that were so taut, savvy, cynical and, in many different ways and tones, funny. 
best Not only is Double Indemnity one of the archetypal films known as film noir but it is regarded by many as the first true film noir. It is also one of the best. 
good Even though the thing doesn't begin to make its presence felt till near the halfway point... the simple act of watching men discuss strategy ends up being terrifically absorbing. 
good It's still a very harrowing and action packed horror film... 
bad Perhaps the most famous shot of the movie is also one of head-slapping irrelevance. 
fair A solid, workmanlike film that holds up better than one would expect. 
good classic, though it didn't impress me really that much 
best A perfect popcorn movie. 
good Rather than Nyby, producer Howard Hawks is often credited for the direction of this sci-fi landmark, which features Hollywood's first space-age monster in a decade invaded by Cold War-era aliens. 
best Howard Hawks only produced this classic scary sci-fi feature, but it has his signature touches all over it: overlapping dialogue, smooth storytelling, compressed time and space. 
best All-time classic sci-fi still packs creepy wallop. 
bad The Thing today is probably best viewed as a historical document, its shock value having been diminished through time and repetition. 
good Doesn't pale in comparison to John Carpenter's The Thing so much as offer a respectable podling alternative. 
best Classic sci-fi. One of the very best. 
bad Watching this movie one cannot help but marvel at what had passed as scary back in 1951. 
fair Director Richard Marquand died after completing this film, and it only received a limited release before ending up on the video shelves. 
very_bad Ex Machina will work best for those who are intrigued by the mere thought of artificial intelligence. 
good Oscar Isaac upstages impressive visual effects and set design 
good While we may tire of Caleb and Nathan's boilerplate debates about AI, the film's ominous undercurrents keep us awake and attentive. 
very_good When the story is all over there has been surprisingly little story told, but the viewer will have been privy to some very sophisticated philosophical ideas. 
best It is a pounding psychological thriller that plants its seeds of doubt from its opening cues and builds to a tremendously affecting crescendo. 
very_good A.I. goes A.W.O.L. in this minimalist sci-fi thriller from England that's justifiably turning heads for its brilliant production design, brainy cat-and-mouse narrative, and vice-like tension. 
very_good Alex Garland's intense, mind-melding sci-fi thriller is the most intriguing movie I've seen so far this year. 
best A thought-provoking thriller guaranteed to keep you enthralled while reassessing the meaning of consciousness 
very_good The movie milks its desolate setting for maximum impact: Nathan's secluded house-cum-laboratory is cannily employed as its own self-contained petri dish, with existential quandaries being analyzed under Garland's morally tuned microscope. 
best Ex Machina is the best movie I've seen all year. 
very_good Ex Machina is memorable and downright challenging, full of sharp performances that blur the lines between humanity and programming. 
very_good Intelligent and provocative, with more than a little relevance to the world we live in. 
good There's a lot happening in Ex Machina and we're never entirely sure what will happen next. 
good It's rare for a science-fiction film's high-concept to get stolen out from under it by a performance -- but then again, Isaac appears to be a rare kind of actor. 
good [A] methodically absorbing sci-fi drama. 
very_good For one thing, it's gorgeously shot. For another, it actually takes its own ideas seriously. This is a special film. 
very_good The film differentiates itself nicely from others of its ilk, for lurking beneath the heady stuff is a tense, frightening horror film. 
very_good Through cues both understated and not so much, the grim implications ("grimplications?") of creating a fembot with the potential to go full Skynet are clear. 
good Garland's primary concern is his flesh-and-blood characters, even though they are not nearly as showy (or beautiful) as his main attraction, the vulnerable, delicate girl with a heart of steel and wires. 
good Garland's commitment to his weird, edgy material, and his unhurried and thoughtful execution of it, makes "Ex Machina" something special. 
good A clever film with one indelible performance from Isaac. 
very_good At heart, Garland is a genre filmmaker, but his movies have more depth than their contemporaries. Additionally, he's cast his movie brilliantly. 
good Ex Machina packs a scientist's brain inside a thrill seeker's body, much like the nubile robot within it. 
bad [Oscar] Isaac - buffed, bald, and bearded - is the film's dramatic center as Nathan, a man betrayed by his own genius. He struts, he speechifies, he schemes, he scolds, all friendly menace and sly frankness. 
good Ex Machina is incredibly slow moving and never really escalates to an exciting pace, but its slow burn mentality and ability to ignore being rushed is what makes it so enticing. This is a film that undeniably revitalizes the sci-fi genre. 
best Like stage actors who live and breathe their roles over the course of months, Isaac, Gleeson, and Vikander excel, and cast a spell. 
good This futuristic take on age-old motivations, jealousy and betrayal among them, makes Ex Machina clever and engaging throughout. 
best This is [Garland's] first turn as director, and it suits him; he's created a cautionary tale that entertains even as it forces us to think. 
best "Ex Machina" is a tense tale of artificial love so intelligently crafted and edgy that I adored it myself. 
very_good With a stellar cast and seductive look, "Ex Machina" is a sleek contraption for capturing our imagination. 
fair A neat psychological thriller for the digital age. Great performances compensate for a slightly slim story. 
very_good It's great when a movie messes with your head. 
bad A B-movie that tried to be something better but stayed a B-movie. 
best Evokes Stanley Kubrick as much as the similarly excellent Under the Skin last year. A must-see for fans of either. 
best A masterpiece. Alex Garland puts teeth and a chill into what has either been an empty sci-fi threat, or else has been sentimentalized to death, as in the very bad Chappie. 
bad Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted, it's an enjoyable, grown-up entertainment, even if it leaves us wanting something deeper. 
good Despite following a great deal of well-worn territory, the film manages to engage its audience with its icy and efficient delivery and consistent undercurrent of malevolence. 
very_good It's the kind of film that seems to me shy of a masterpiece right now, but one where I may well find it to be with time and repeat viewings. 
best "Ex Machina" is an exquisite puzzle box of a picture. It baffles. It unsettles. It intrigues. 
best A beautifully-crafted science fiction drama that recalls the ingenuity and brilliance of "Jurassic Park." 
fair The ideas here don't breathe. They simply take us from one plot point to the next. 
good "Ex Machina" isn't quite "Citizen Kane" for an era of Internet tycoons, but it suggests that that's not such a bad idea. 
very_good A singularly chilling cinematic stunner that coexists as a wild daydream and a prescient glimpse into the future. 
fair A rattling and ruminative piece of speculative fiction, Ex Machina is good enough to wish it were even better. 
very_good Ex Machina addresses heady issues of A.I., exploring what it means to be human or, more important, what it means to be an imitation of humanity so real, what's the actual difference? 
very_good "Ex Machina" is a smart, exceptionally stylish head trip. 
good Garland sidles up to some large ideas, some more provocative than others, and his premise hints at the costs of perpetual, omnivorous surveillance. 
good It's hard to imagine another director squeezing as many shades and colors from his screenplay as Garland did, and from now on, it would be understandable if he insisted on directing everything he writes. 
best Alex Garland brilliantly brings the past into the present with the near-future tale Ex Machina, a stark but dazzling meditation on intelligence, consciousness and morality that discreetly uses special effects in service of story, dialogue and character. 
best Merciless, efficient and terrifyingly logical... 
fair Ex Machina is intelligent science fiction operating at a very high level. 
good It will make you look at every other movie about artificial intelligence in a whole new way. 
fair More tricky than smart. 
good In the final analysis, the movie doesn't offer much about the subject that hasn't been previously explored, but the soil is fertile and many ideas germinate. 
good Slow paced, but thought provoking science fiction. 
good A thrilling work of sci-fi ... a smart and visually alluring film that contemplates chilling questions about where technology is headed and the consequences of playing God. 
good Beautifully haunting. 
good This is the best, most credible, of the artificial intelligence movies to date. Garland keeps the tension up and the pace moving by tackling many thought-provoking existential issues. I was pleasantly surprised, rewarded, by what I had just seen. 
fair A chilly yet engrossing drama, elevated beyond its four-people-locked-in-a-house framework by the eerie beauty of the production design and the thoughtful curiosity of Garland's screenplay. 
good Ex Machina achieves that rare combination of eliciting both strong thoughts and feelings, and it deserves to be known as a sci-fi classic. 
good A TED Talk in the form of a movie, with a few creepy twists and suspenseful deceptions that keep the plot moving forward. 
very_good Gleeson is terrific and Vikander, who stars in five other films this year alone, is a revelation. As is Ex Machina, a movie that looks like something destined to be savored, watched and re-watched endlessly over the years. 
best We will be very lucky if we get another movie either as good or better this year. 
very_good Although "Ex Machina" is small and talky - it has just four characters, and the only action comes at the end - it also looks good. The set direction is interesting and evocative. The effects impress but don't overwhelm. 
good turns a standard story into something quite special 
very_good It's become far too commonplace to overuse the term 'masterpiece,' but Alex Garland's directorial debut comes about as close as you can get. 
good I know, I know. You've seen all this A.I. stuff before. But never like this. Garland is hot for ethical shop talk on what defines humanity or lack of same. 
best This is a classic film. 
bad If any film needed a brief, impromptu hip hop dance scene (Oscar Isaac, predictably, has moves), it's one attempting a treatise on the meaning of existence. 
fair It makes up for its linearity with verve, first in the impeccably controlled, intellectually rigorous direction, and then in the performances. 
good Austere, cerebral and chilling 
very_good For a first-time director, Garland seems assured. His sharp, sparse dialogue and meticulous direction are equally compelling, and the trio of lead performances are top-notch. 
fair It doesn't quite add up in the end, but it's heady stuff anyway, dense with moments of shivery beauty and frightening ideas. 
good An intriguing four-character sci-fi drama about explorers of artificial intelligence. 
bad "Ex Machina" shows there's still life left in tales of artificial intelligence. 
very_good By going deep on a simple construct, Ex Machina establishes itself as a unique and deeply unsettling psychological thriller that's both necessary and unforgettable. 
very_good With uncommon intelligence and the even more uncommon ability to look without blinking, Garland's made the one of the best sci-fi films of the past several years, a wicked and wise parable of the near-now that's honed to a gleam. 
very_good Wickedly smart and often wickedly funny, this delightfully entertaining science fiction drama is one of the best films of the year. 
best Might not be the first film about the dangers inherent in giving robots free will, but it's certainly one of the most accomplished. 
fair There comes a point where, if we have been paying attention, we know what will happen once a character walks out a door. 
bad In the end, more than just the machine remains an enigma. 
very_good It's a very smart movie and seems to almost be cognitive of what the audience is thinking ... one of the best pure sci-fi movies to come out in a very long time. 
good ...[Ex Machina] never stops being slick, cool, and polished, its intelligence not artificial at all. 
good A confident, engrossing debut. 
very_good Compelling, claustrophobic, cutting edge and clever, Ex Machina is as smart and satisfying as science fiction gets. 
good An intriguingly stripped-down sci-fi thriller about artificial intelligence that's fully attuned to its more blockbuster elements yet pleasingly cerebral at the same time. 
good This is knowingly seductive sci-fi cinema, its slyly subversive allegiances hidden by the two-way mirror of the silver screen, its androids dreaming of much more than mere electric sheep. 
good Closer to Caryl Churchill's stage play A Number than to, say, THX-1138, this tight, tense virtual three- hander sings with creative disharmony. 
good Cool! It's a trip! All Alex Garland's creations are a trip. 
good Garland has produced something seductively strange, consistently thought-provoking and admirably adult. 
good Its thought-provoking themes will gnaw at your own humanity long after the shocking finale has bowed. 
good Novelist and screenwriter Alex Garland's first film as a director takes some very old ideas and gives them an ingenious new spin. 
good Ex Machina is a smart, tricksy study of artificial intelligence and tech-sex that explores a credible near-future take on the man-machine relationship. 
bad Ex Machina feels like an elegant SF short story with a droll twist that has been pumped up and sexed up into an over-bulky feature film. But it's managed with confidence. 
good Smart, swanky, a little inhuman and preternaturally well crafted. 
good Slick and seductive, this exploration of artificial intelligence may essentially only have three characters, but it's complex, provocative and thoroughly engaging. 
good Stylish, elegant, tense, cerebral, satirical and creepy. Garland's directorial debut is his best work yet, while Vikander's bold performance will short your circuits. 
bad Feels like a pathway to grander things for Garland. 
good The lush setting avoids the stifling grey look of so many other sci-fi films and the commendably-restrained special effects are as outstanding as the three fast-rising lead actors. 
good This is bewitchingly smart science fiction of a type that's all too rare. Its intelligence is anything but artificial. 
good As thoughtful as it is thrilling, Ex Machina is a razor-sharp and nimble character drama which takes a controlled nosedive into exhilarating sci-fi horror. 
good There's no little hint of Kubrick and Hitchcockian paranoia to Alex Garland's debut as writer-director, a nifty, quasi-Gothic three-hander of great performances and unerring control. 
bad A bit more intelligence would not have gone amiss. 
good Ex Machina is smart, sexy and thrilling sci-fi filmmaking at its most fascinating. 
best There's a lot going on here. But don't think for a second this is troublesome critic-fodder. It's thrilling. 
good A smart, accomplished piece of work that presses all the right buttons. 
good Gleeson convinces as a desperate-to-please, ambitious young coder. Isaac's difficult-to-read, drunken, pumped-up mad scientist is disquieting and Vikander excels in a demure and shifting role. 
good Garland cleverly keeps us on our toes by constantly toying with our allegiances. 
very_good Anchored by three dazzling central performances, it's a stunning directorial debut from Alex Garland that's essential viewing for anyone with even a passing interest in where technology is taking us. 
best Multi-faceted and nuanced, each with so many subtleties and complexities Ex_Machina is a film bursting with ideas. 
good Golden Blade is pure spectacle in all the right ways. 
fair You've got to admire Springsteen's chutzpah in documenting and cataloguing his creative process with a borderline-Kubrickian obsessiveness long before his reputation warranted it... 
terrible Not much happens, but the most basic shifts in time and place are so badly signposted, you'd be lost without a synopsis. 
terrible An inadvertent and off-putting picture of modern-day slackerdom that says more about the filmmakers than the world at large. 
bad Just your basic slasher fare where a horde of horny teens riddled with contemptuous attitude wind up in the lair of an ax-happy psycho. 
bad Gore fans won't be disappointed. 
terrible It seems Dark and writer Dan Madigan have no better grasp of insect reproduction than they do of filmmaking. 
bad ...slightly more effective than your average not-screened-for-critics genre entry... 
bad O roteiro nao traz uma unica ideia original, sendo previsivel do inicio ao fim (com excecao, talvez no que diz respeito ao destino de alguns personagens). Ainda assim, o filme funciona gracas a direcao firme do ex-realizador porno (!) Gregory Dark. 
terrible full review in Greek 
terrible blows more than the acctresses in the directors old movies 
terrible This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises. 
terrible A predictably gruesome compendium of splatter-movie cliches, See No Evil is a reprehensible exercise in lowest-common-denominator filmmaking that disgusts and bores in equal measure. 
terrible It's unoriginal with no rhyme or reason, and never takes advantage of its golden opportunity to provide us with an entertaining story. 
terrible Sickeningly violent nonsense. 
terrible If it carries the faint odour of freshly carved teenage flesh, plus a soupcan of plucked eyeball, then you've sniffed out See No Evil. 
terrible A loathsome, repugnant slasher/thriller 
fair So undeniably nightmarish it achieves its own ugly integrity... 
terrible Feels like an eternity, making one wish the killer would hurry up so that the end credits can roll and we could all be done with this bloody mess. 
bad See No Evil is proficient junk, which makes it something of an improvement over recent horrors like An American Haunting. 
very_bad Overall, fans of this type of horror film might appreciate See No Evil for the exploitation flick that it is but others will be let down as they will have seen it all before. 
very_bad Manages to startle through the first half and snooze through the second. 
terrible Pure unadulterated garbage 
terrible There's more random eye-plucking in See No Evil than in the Old Testament. While the image is undeniably repellent, it also quickly becomes rather dull. 
very_bad ... mostly an excuse for a butcher to carve up prime cuts of twentysomething meat in reverse order of cuteness. 
bad ... the extreme levels of gratuitous gore also make the picture ... difficult to recommend. 
terrible ... the appropriately named Mr. Dark has no use for actors as anything other than body-bag fillers. 
terrible ... generic and predictable ... 
terrible Outside the wrestling hook, See No Evil is a boilerplate bloodfeast featuring the usual mix of stylish camerawork and screaming sound cues. 
terrible The madman is played by the single-name professional wrestler Kane, who has all the acting skills of a fire hydrant. But why waste good acting on a contrived, unimaginative story? 
terrible Grim, bloody and relentless, without even a spark of fun or intelligence, Evil is barely good enough for late-night cable. 
terrible It might be hard to imagine a career move that is a step down from directing porn videos, yet Gregory Dark has accomplished just that with his feature-film debut, See No Evil. 
very_bad ... I see no originality in See No Evil. 
terrible There's a glaring lack of plot, characterization, plausible dialogue and decent acting. 
very_bad As horror movies go, I've seen a lot worse than See No Evil. Still, it's a lackluster gore flick with a plot that has more holes than its evil madman leaves in his victims. 
terrible Amateur Hour-and-a-Half....It isn't fit for human consumption. 
bad Faithfully derivative of the low-grade, entertainingly bad slasher items of two decades ago. 
very_bad ...[a] generically drab and diluted horror flick. [Kane's] a hulking sadist with the stimulating moody disposition of a blunt meat hook. 
terrible First-timer Dan Madigan's screenplay has the rhythms of a particularly simplistic video game ... 
terrible As shallow as a toilet bowl and twice as rank as its usual contents. 
terrible As misunderstood movie monsters go, Kane's Jacob can't even get in the ring with bedeviled Quasimodo of 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame' or even Frankenstein's monster. 
terrible Anyone who truly wants to See No Evil should simply avoid this movie altogether. 
bad Although there's not nearly enough jolts, this is a workmanlike job. 
terrible The fact that See No Evil's serial stalker is only slightly more horrifying than, say, Sloth from The Goonies is not exactly a good thing. 
very_bad It fails to be even a little inventive, and it's not scary at all. 
bad The conventions in Gina Prince-Bythewood's movie are fully functioning, not so much challenged as fine-tuned. 
bad It's a competent entry in the genre, but it's a shame that's all it is when it had the potential to be a little more. 
bad Writer-director Gina Prince-Bythewood stretches her tissue-thin story to the very limits of its appealing young stars and the acting prowess of Minnie Driver and Danny Glover. 
fair Beyond the Lights is a surprising film buoyed by a terrific performance from star Gugu Mbatha-Raw, opposite the vastly underrated Nate Parker. 
bad The film reminds us why straight-up romances are so few and far between these days: the genre depends on contrivance more than almost any other. But when the couple clicks, it still feels pretty damn good. 
good The sexiest movie of 2014... And it only becomes sexier the more whole Noni gets." 
good One of the most rewarding films to come out (and then almost immediately vanish) in the waning months of 2014. 
good Dido in 'Belle' and Noni here wouldn't seem to have a lot in common, but both roles present Mbatha-Raw as a woman searching for her authentic self within a cultural context that prefers compromised or cartoonish representations of black identity. 
good Gina Prince-Bythewood finds the truth inside the trappings of celebrity, and creates a winning window for us to look through 
fair This, then, is where Beyond the Lights most makes its mark -- not as a love story but as a look at the demands encountered by female entertainers in today's marketplace. 
bad a fascinating cinematic experiment that represents progressive, feminist filmmaking without being overbearing 
bad It will be a cable television experience that showcases the ample potential of it's two lead stars. 
bad "Beyond the Lights" is a faint shadow of 1992's "The Bodyguard," without the star power of Whitney Houston or Kevin Costner. 
good Powerful romantic drama depicts the downside of celebrity. 
good It might be easy to wave off this film as little more than cinematic candy, but if all candy were this nutritious and filling, the much-maligned genre of the big-screen romance might be in a healthier state. 
very_bad Unfortunately for a film about the importance of keeping it real, the drama here is largely formulaic, and the finish line crosses into the realm of artistic fantasy. 
best Prince-Bythewood is stingingly astute at what fame does to objectify women. And Gugu Mbatha-Raw, so good this year in Belle, is a shining new star. 
best It strikes a risky, though successful balancing act between being immensely entertaining as a musical feature and making dramatic, important statements about depression, self-worth and female empowerment. 
bad If it were any cheesier, they could pour it on macaroni. 
fair A formulaic, often melodramatic crowd-pleaser with thoughts on celebrity-driven culture and the ravenous appetite of fans, followers and the media. 
very_good Prince-Bythewood provides a distinct and needed voice in the genre. 
good While melodramatic in the vein of A Star Is Born, Beyond the Lights is also a wise and open-hearted look at the price of fame upon personal identity. 
bad The movie has a soapy impulse that it would have done well to resist, given the occasional surprising strength of its more unvarnished elements. 
good You're drawn to her, and you root for her; there's something in Mbatha-Raw's lovely, direct gaze that pulls us in. 
fair Mbatha-Raw is clearly destined for bigger things. Consider Beyond the Lights a stop along the way. 
fair The basic elements are very much like "The Bodyguard" and countless dangerous-rise-to-fame movies. The originality lies in the details, up-to-date themes and the strong performances of the relatively young lead actors. 
good The fact that "Beyond the Lights" is so effective at both celebrating and critiquing extravagance and artifice can be credited to Prince-Bythewood's shrewd understanding of the highly pitched cinematic vernacular she's working with. 
good Over the course of the film, Mbatha-Raw does many things, all of them quite well. 
bad The film soldiers on through a couple of possible endings, and if its real destination is never truly in doubt, Mbatha-Raw makes the trip interesting. 
good This unusually intelligent crowd-pleaser is welcome proof that quality filmmaking needn't be limited by subject, audience or budget. 
good Prince-Bythewood isn't reinventing the wheel here, but she succeeds on a pure entertainment level. 
good Yes, we've seen this movie before, but not as well-played or as smartly written. 
fair The nuts and bolts we recognize, but Prince-Bythewood uses the premise to explore issues of race, sexuality, and identity. 
bad A great display of Gugu Mbatha-Raw's range, but sadly, it's a mediocre movie. 
good Another commanding performance from Mbatha-Raw, who doesn't need words to explain how the outer emptiness of Noni's persona has found its way inside. 
good Prince-Blythewood's attempt to create authenticity in a story set within the music business is elevated by having solid actors like Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Nate Parker to bolster it. 
very_bad Beyond the Lights is content to be a derivative PG-13 romance instead of shining a light into incisive issues of female identity and sexuality in show business. 
bad The teary-eyed sincerity of the music-industry drama "Beyond the Lights" is at times too much, but despite its cliche elements, the film at least has the feel of a passion project. 
fair Well-acted, sexy and surprising, considering its worn sell-your-soul-to-the-music business story. 
fair By rooting Noni's self-image issues in a controlling mother, the script provides the film with a tame, melodramatic structure that dulls the thorny matters of identity and expression at its center. 
good Love in the time of hip-hopera! 
bad Even if you hate the music, there's much here to impress. 
very_bad Don Argott's documentary about the heavy-metal band Lamb of God would have been a conventional rock doc if it had not been for a tragic incident at one of the band's concerts in Prague in 2010. 
bad [A] watchable fly-on-the-wall documentary. 
bad [Blythe is] a performer desperate to prove his emotions are for real. 
good You don't need to like Lamb of God's music - although, for the record, you should because it's awesome - to walk away from As the Palaces Burn feeling genuinely fond of the band. 
very_bad It's only mildly interesting unless you're one of the band's many rabidly loyal fans, especially since Argott, clearly thoroughly embedded, chooses not to dig very deep into the personalities and issues around the incident. 
good For fans of Lamb of God, or metal in general, this is essential viewing. 
bad It's a weird little hybrid movie. It becomes unforgettable at just the point where you were beginning to forget it. 
very_bad A document of extreme heavy metal fandom goes south when the filmmakers fail to comprehend the gravity of their own material. 
good An entertaining and insightful rockumentary that quickly turns into a nail-biting legal thriller after the lead vocalist is arrested and accused of manslaughter during filming. 
good As the Palaces Burn metamorphoses from slam-dancing rock doc to genuinely gripping courtroom drama. 
bad A fly-on-the-wall look at the band that will thrill fans but may not convert too many non-believers. 
good As The Palaces Burn ends up as gripping and unexpectedly moving as anything John Grisham's ever scribbled. 
fair Often with the feel of a stage play, Snow Cake is a delicate little drama that shows real understanding of its characters. 
bad a worthy effort toward bringing an increasingly prevalent disorder to filmgoers' attention 
bad Snow Cake never entertains too much pathos nor does it become overly concerned with making Weaver's character even slightly sympathetic; her uncensored forthrightness is as refreshingly humane as it is hilarious. 
bad A heartfelt but utterly predictable indie drama. 
fair It's essentially a vehicle for a dedicated cast, but occasionally it's more than that. 
bad Director Marc Evans, working from Angela Pell's screenplay, pulls it off in a limited way but with emotional sensitivity and a solid cast. 
fair At times it seems so anxious to blatantly manipulate us into tears and slows down with Alex's romance with a sexy neighbor a la Carrie Anne Moss, and then at times it's beautiful, and intimate, and so wonderfully acted. 
good Weaver makes Linda her own, alternating between off-putting brashness, engaging honesty and bursts of spontaneous, childlike behavior. 
fair Marc Evans' small-scale drama focuses on the offbeat relationship between a chronically depressed man and an autistic woman, and with a lesser cast it would be insufferable. 
fair Overly forced, a shade too whimsical, but filling a void other words and other movies haven't the nerve or errant taste to confront. 
very_good Snow Cake reflects a sense of the almost infinite ways autism manifests itself, in all its baffling and fascinating and sometimes agonizing realities. 
fair Sigourney Weaver scores big with her first role in recent history that shows her at her best. Alan Rickman provides the perfect counterpart as the loneliest man in Central Canada. 
fair scribe Angela Pell has crafted a really funny and touching script. 
fair Sigourney Weaver's piercing portrayal propels this distinctive, often comedic picture about a high-functioning autistic. 
fair Modest but well wrought and witty, Snow Cake is full of unexpected moments and clever observations and, despite a sparse quality, makes a good case for the idea that you're never too late, or too far gone, to connect with or understand others. 
fair Weaver's performance as Linda will likely move you to tears, though whether they're tears of rage, joy or sorrow will depend on your tolerance of the esteemed actress's overly mannered technique. 
very_bad As hangdog and hammy as its leading man, this extra-thick slice of Canadian tragedy porn subsists on contrivances from other movies. 
good If anyone ever had any doubt that great actors can elevate a movie, they need look no further than Snow Cake for the proof that they can. 
fair Moving but at times overearnest. 
good A psychologically rich drama that reveals how a sad and lonely Englishman is transformed by his ability to ride the coincidences which manifest in his life. 
very_bad Snow Cake partly camouflages the banality of its concept with its meticulous performances. 
fair It is Weaver -- whom director Marc Evans uses for maximum shmaltz -- who is the shiny object dangled before our eyes. And she is certainly something to watch. 
bad Snowcake features one smart, pared-down performance. Unfortunately it's trapped in a stupid, overcrowded story. 
bad A gentle film with a warm heart & mostly sad circumstance. Brings awareness to Autism, and it has its moments of beauty, but I couldn't help wanting more. 
bad Like I Am Sam, it is easy to laugh at Marc Evans's Snow Cake because sincerity appears to have had nothing to do with its creation. 
good A slow-burning examination of disability and grief is enlivened by a top-notch cast and a gently witty script. 
good Snow Cake is a small movie in the best sense. It's character-focused, precise in its arc and just roomy enough to let its performers breathe and expand at the languid pace the material demands. 
good As a Special Presentation in the Toronto film festival this past September, Snow Cake made a strong first impression. Now wider audiences have an opportunity to share in an experience that can enrich lives. 
terrible Snow Cake is painful slogging. The plot is awkwardly contrived. 
very_good Low-key yet thoroughly engaging... 
terrible If Rickman these indignities like a man with his mind on other things, he's probably just shell-shocked by the antics of his co-star. Weaver's performance is so extravagantly awful, you can't take your eyes off it. 
good A deeply moving, life-affirming tale -- the many scathing one-liners are just icing on the cake. 
good The Canada-set Snow Cake is clearly meant to be Weaver's movie, and people with first-hand knowledge of autism say it's the most convincing depiction they've ever seen. 
bad Marc Evans' direction is alternately clear-eyed and blearily sentimental, but the film is a fine showcase for Weaver. 
good Thoughtful and moving, this intriguing drama is packed with emotions and insights that catch us off guard. 
good Ultimately, [Snow Cake] is the sort of film that creeps up on you and you don't realise how much it has affected you till you find yourself still thinking about it days later. 
good It is a character study that reminds me of the first time I saw Gus Van Sant's Drugstore Cowboy. And it could eventually herald the arrival of as important a talent. 
bad Charming and easygoing enough in its matinee-movie way, though there are enough unforced errors throughout that it's really hard to think of this as one of Universal's most shining moments. 
very_bad Still shufflin' around 
bad Another mummy flick churned out by Universal, still creepy. 
good The Mummy's Hand is probably the best of the series. 
good More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy. 
very_good Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers. 
fair 30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills, thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie. 
good Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects, Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie. 
very_bad About as scary as Count Chocula. 
bad Not bad, but let's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor. 
very_bad ... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains. 
very_bad The action is fast and gruesome, but beyond Niles and Templesmith's unique setting, in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon, '30 Days of Night' offers little to stir the imagination. 
terrible I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch. 
good The coolest vampire movie since Near Dark. 
bad 30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie, but only with its novel premise. 
fair It certainly does entertain, particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends...entertaining. Twice! 
very_bad Concept: excellent. Setup: intriguing. Execution: well... too many interesting ideas bungled. 
bad aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy, kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy, parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn 
very_bad Os vampiros vistos aqui sao pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes. 
bad It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great 
fair an okay flick 
good Redeems the vampire sub-genre, yanking it from the abysmal depths... 
bad Overall, the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled, especially as the monsters get stronger, faster, badder and nuttier. 
very_bad 30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting, but it's badly let down by poor direction, dismal acting and an appalling script. 
bad A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett. 
bad If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet. 
very_bad 30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pate in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor. 
good The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied, sloppy, shaky-camera fangwork. 
bad An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror. 
bad A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula, with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter, but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time. 
very_bad Good idea, boring execution. 
bad I've seen more creepy vampires, I guess. But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in "30 Days of Night" is pretty interesting. 
bad This has more bite than we've come to expect from Sam Raimi's Ghost House production outfit. Some of the action misses the jugular, but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie. 
very_bad A frustrating mix of imaginative design, erratic plotting and underwritten characters. 
bad In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings, it does make your blood run cold - assuming you've got any left. 
good This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark. 
good 30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling, bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that's well worth the wait. 
fair The isolated, unique nature of the town's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears, but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise 
bad Great setup, a mediocre middle, and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss, although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch. 
terrible They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end. 
very_bad Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more, so there is lots of blood, lots of gore, and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video. 
good It's not quite torture porn, but there are lots of flying body parts to play with. And that flyin' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it. 
bad The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite. 
fair your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating. 
very_bad The premise is slightly intriguing, but the execution is blander than Josh Hartnett's screen presence. 
bad 30 Days is gory, graphic, suspenseful and occasionally nonsensical. But it's a vampire movie and if you're into that genre you'll probably be into this. 
bad Let's call this one 'Vampire Movies for Dummies', complete with our hero (John Hartnett) having the job of solemnly stating the obvious as a pseudo narrator. 
good It's not a classic, but it's good blood-spattered fun. 
fair Bleak, bombastic and belligerent, Slade's blood-busting bohemians will indeed take a caustic chunk out of your imaginative horrifying souls. 
good Decent vampire movies are few and far between, and I'm having a hard time remembering a recent one that impressed me like 30 Days of Night. 
good Slade doesn't skimp on the gore, or on the disturbing imagery of these fast-moving vampires... hunting the townsfolks through the snow. 
good If this is the kind of movie you're looking for, it delivers. 
fair 30 Days of Night redonne ses lettres de noblesses a monstre edente depuis des annees, pour ne pas dire des decennies. 
bad At its core, 30 Days of Night is a siege Western relocated to the frozen north. 
bad The premise of this film has just got to be the ultimate wet dream for your average vampire. 
fair Director Slade has fashioned a horror film that, for all its narrative shortcomings, succeeds at what it set out to do: make vampires scary again and terrify audiences doing it. 
good 30 Days of Night manages to do for the vampire genre what 28 Days Later did for the zombie flick: give age-old monsters a modern-day makeover. 
fair Vampires stage a blood orgy in a tiny Alaskan town that spends a month of every year sunk in the darkness of polar winter in this gory adaptation of Steve Niles' popular graphic novel. 
very_bad It's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self, drained of much of its creative synergy. 
good It's an unusually thoughtful chiller. 
good Fleshing out their minimalist story in a way that won't cause the blood to drain from fans' faces, it's one of the better recent efforts as both a comic adaptation and a fright flick. 
good 30 Days of Night is the well-paced and entertaining horror debut of Hard Candy director David Slade, who captures the coolest parts of Steve Niles' comic book series on the big screen. 
good A truly terrifying hell-ride through darkness for grownups. 
terrible You could make a horror film with shocking story developments and creepy twists. Or, you could just have monsters with pointy teeth jump into the frame while making loud noises. For the latter, check out the vampire flick 30 Days of Night. 
fair The increasingly ridiculous behavior of some of the other humans turn the film laughable by interrupting its brutality with banality. And when it comes to vampires, brutal is always better. 
very_bad An anemic adaptation of Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith's creepy comic series, 30 Days of Night is lighter on horror than it is on inadvertent humor. 
bad See the movie for the vampires, which are at least visually interesting. The humans are so boring I couldn't wait for them to die. 
bad 30 Days of Night isn't deep, but it's effective, and at least it doesn't seem like something you've seen a dozen times before. 
good Even as stage blood flows like water, this wicked-mean vampire thriller pushes ahead with effective characters, a fantastic visual schema and a terrifying plot. 
fair Like most kiddies games, this one starts out fun and then gets tired. Inevitably, that's when Slade tries to revive our interest by upping the gore quotient. 
good Even when it resorts to the hoariest cliches, 30 Days of Night still chills. 
bad The filmmakers have tried to expand the original source material by adding more characters to the mix. But as a result, it actually feels character-thin and a little sketchy. 
fair I have pretty much reached my quota for vampire movies, but I shouldn't hold that against this one. If you haven't seen too many, you might like it. 
fair 30 Days is a proficient, atmospheric fangfest that does nothing you haven't seen before but still does it passably well. 
very_good Scary is back in the cold deadly way. This horror film contained all the necessary ingredients for a classic fright. 
very_bad This is a failed fright flick that is so inspired by Stephen King that the famous horror scribe should consider suing. 
good ...a horror film as dim as its prevailing palette, a graytoned fugue set in the blankness of the Alaskan Arctic. 
terrible The performers have little to do besides spill and drink blood in this tedious, inconsequential B picture. The sun doesna(TM)t rise nearly fast enough. 
fair Nearly passes muster on atmosphere alone. 
terrible A bloody bore that utilizes lots of CGI blood and rapid-fire visual glitz in a doomed effort to cover up the fact that there is nothing going on here that even the least committed consumer of vampire-related entertainment hasn't seen many times before 
bad For a horror picture being released only weeks before Halloween, 30 Days of Night doesn't thrill and it definitely doesn't spook. 
fair Why see the same old Saw when you have a chance to see the best and scariest vampires you have seen in a long time? 
bad So the remaining survivors huddle together. A few get bitten and turn. Some splatter kills in-between. Remind me again of what exactly is 'groundbreaking' about this. 
good ...a breath of fresh air amidst the relentless deluge of watered-down, teen-oriented cash grabs and remakes. 
terrible 30 Days of Night amounts to two hours of missed opportunities. 
fair A frightening genre offering, raising the bar on raising the dead. 
very_good 30 Days of Night sparks with crackling energy. It's a symphony of shocks. 
very_bad The same conflict over and over is not frightening. Once it collapses under the weight of its own preposterousness and lack of suspense, it doesn't matter how many cool-looking vampires screech like feral beasts- the movie has already lost all its blood. 
bad 30 Days hangs on a pretty cool conceit. 
bad This high-concept vampire film suffers from a disappointingly low-concept approach. 
good This is a full-on, non-stop horror film. You're either on the bus or off the bus. But if you are on, you're hanging on with both hands and your hair flying back for the better part of the movie. 
fair This is a gory, nasty movie that never gives its characters or its audience a moment's rest. 
bad Hartnett has the same empty, mildly worried look in his eyes all the time, whether or not he's a vampire. 
very_bad The film moves from truly creepy to truly inane. 
good These vamps could use stakes as toothpicks and garlic as garnish on their meals of human flesh. Their only weaknesses are a well-swung ax to the jugular and sunlight. Much like Larry King. 
bad During bad movies my mind often drifts toward better ones, which explains why 30 Days of Night reminded me of High Noon. 
bad The script is simple stuff, simpler than the graphic novel, which at least managed to devote a page or two to the vampires' back story. 
very_bad Despite the clever twist of fighting vampires with an ultraviolet lamp (good thing grandma grew pot), this horror-flick fondue settles into an extended cat-and-mouse sequence dotted with the occasional dollop of gore. 
terrible more likely to induce a coma than a nightmare 
bad Doomed to have its best scenes mistakenly remembered as parts of better movies. 
very_bad [A] turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t. 
bad Commendable for its daring, unconventional vision of vampires, but its erratic pacing makes it a jarring experience that's hard to adjust to. 
bad Pushes things into violent, hardcore territory all too similar to Danny Boyle's zombie-outbreak flick 28 Days Later and its 2007 sequel. 
very_good David Slade hasn't revolutionized the vampire genre, but he may make you wet your pants. 
good no amount of desensitization can prepare you for David Slade's chilling vampiric bloodbath. 30 Days of Night is relentlessly brutal horror with nary a comedic wisecracker in sight. 
best 30 Days of Night grabs this hoary monster by the throat, pumps it full of the thick rich blood of life, and shoves it out to greet you, eat you, and coat you in glorious mists of red firing from oh-so-many newly exposed arterial sprays. 
good The dialogue in "Poison Friends" is clever and erudite, but underneath the lit-crit the film has the atmosphere of a Hitchcockian thriller. 
very_good Poison Friends is at once a sly satire on the pretensions and aspirations of academia and an intellectual suspense-thriller that builds and builds but never loses credibility. 
good It's intellectual without being dry, dramatic without bombast, smart without posturing. 
very_bad Turgid ivory-tower drama. 
fair In this observant psychological drama with the energy of a thriller, there's no blood (except for maybe a paper cut) or weapons, but audible gasps will not be out of place. 
good Sly, subtle and very French psychological drama. 
good If you don't take anything Andre says seriously, there is a wicked sense of fun about it, and you may even see a little of yourself in one of the characters. 
good The movie seems an act of score-settling by someone who got singed by a critic. Fair enough, and Andre's deviousness makes the film slyly credible, too. 
good Has a degree of energy, an appetite for strong feelings and big ideas, notably missing in American movies about the young and overeducated, which tend to specialize in mumbled ironies and tiny epiphanies. 
very_good Promoted as an intellectual suspense thriller, Emmanuel Bourdieu's second feature film is a chilling plunge into the dark pools of group think and a scalding examination of the vulnerability of the unformed identity. 
fair A solid script, but it's really the performance by Vincon that's likely to leave a lasting impression on the viewer. 
bad A richly developed French film about university life, power, deceit and mentoring that presents quite a moral wallop. 
terrible The screenplay and direction of Emmanuel Bourdieu's Poison Friends is as pompous and blind to reality as Morley [the main character] himself. 
bad Has little to say about friendship other than that it's sometimes maintained by less-than-kind motives and reciprocated with equal coldness. 
fair I wouldn't put Tigerland in the top ranks of war movies, but it's a solid second-tier entry that makes you think about the characters. 
bad Farrell is the best thing about the film, which veers into oversentimentality quite a bit for a film that's shot with such a gritty aesthetic. 
bad Ever since Three Kings redefined just how great a war movie can be, movies like Tigerland have become unforgivable. 
bad A talented newcomer with genuine presence, Farrell is able to suggest some complexity in a character that is written without any. 
fair ...never quite catches fire or becomes the searing expose that director Schumacher intended. 
good Farrell holds the film together as the one element that sets this a notch above the average military drama. 
bad Tigerland will only reinforce one of the biggest complaints regarding Schumacher's work: that it's all about the look, not the material. 
bad At best, Tigerland is not much more than a low-rated, cable-channel movie-of-the-week that should be channel-surfed right on by. 
good The hype is justified -- Farrell's performance just screams star quality and has already drawn comparisons with Steve McQueen and Paul Newman. 
bad A worthy addition to the Vietnam War film genre. 
fair Even when the script overtaxes the allegory about how Vietnam divided a nation at home, Schumacher and the actors prevail by fixing their sights on what happens to men on that last stop before the game of war becomes a grim reality. 
good A beautifully crafted, brilliantly acted and gently moving film that only occasionally lapses into sentimentality. 
good Despite his usual ability to spend more time on set design than he does on actors, Schumacher handles the more intimate setting with great skill. 
bad Beyond the excellence of the young actors, however, the film offers little we haven't seen before. 
very_good A modest feature with simple aims, Tigerland hits the heart through great performances from a group of unknowns, thoughtful cinematography, and sustained emotional intensity. 
good starkly effective, if a bit too blunt in its obviousness 
good For those who don't mind being challenged, however, and are curious to see why Farrell is being touted as the next big thing, Tigerland has its rewards. 
good Tigerland is tightly constructed and culminates with a stunningly appropriate charge of ambiguity. 
good All the actors bring their characters to life, especially Colin Farrell as Bozz and Shea Whigham as the maniacal Wilson. 
fair Schumacher relies on an understated documentary style, largely using handheld cameras and seemingly improvised scenarios. 
bad Beneath the rough verite exterior beats the same slick, corny heart that has pumped blood (and money) through Mr. Schumacher's Batman and John Grisham pictures. 
good Schumacher lucks out with a largely unknown cast of awesome performers. 
bad The narrative is weak, with the film consisting of a series of incidents that don't seem to be consistently connected. 
very_good On one hand, it has many layers, but on the other hand, it's just about a dude who wants his rug back. 
bad ...yet another in a long line of promising yet disappointing comedies from Joel and Ethan Coen... 
best One of the funniest, coolest, most absurd cult films ever made, and one of the best from the dynamic duo - Joel and Ethan Coen. 
best It's essential. 
very_good It's the whole proud, embarrassing sociopolitical, cultural heap of American history-and the American Century in particular-in two fleet, funny hours. [Blu-ray] 
good I'm not a fan of the Coen Brothers, but this is an entertaining enough diversion. 
good A wild ride for adults only. 
very_bad If it's all supposed to be in fun, why does it feel so much like an insult? 
best Bridges does more with his deflated body language than many comedians can manage by chewing the furniture. 
good If nothing else, the Dude speaks for me when appraises the music of the Eagles. 
best It's the actors that make this film: without the perfect casting ... and without their perfect comic timing, it wouldn't work. But it does work, every minute. 
good Joel and Ethan Cohen are in the midst of just such a golden streak right now. 
very_good After seeing and enjoying Lebowksi at least four times over the years, I can plainly see why the movie freaks have embraced this off-kilter comedy so enthusiastically. 
best In many ways, The Big Lebowski has surpassed Fargo as the Coens' high-water mark. 
good The Big Lebowski may have a reputation for being the late night movie of choice for some burnouts, but it's much more than your average stoner film. 
best Like meeting the Three Stooges after they've blasted their brains with mind-altering drugs, time-traveled into the 1990s and landed in a vintage bowling alley. 
good The Big Lebowski tiene el efecto deseado: creer en los personaje, aun sin creer necesariamente en la historia. 
very_good This is a terrific movie. 
good Much of 'Lebowski' is amusing, some of it is downright hilarious and all of it is stylish, with plenty of the Coens' usual inventive shot composition and tricky camerawork. 
fair The Coen Brothers throw this film into the gutter, never developing what could have been a Strictly Ballroom-like spoof of the bowling world. 
good A typical Coen brothers film is like no film you've ever seen. 
good When you're having a down day, pop in THE BIG LEBOWSKI for a little pick-me-up, and always remember: The Dude Abides. 
very_good Loopy, unfathomable, profane and very funny. 
best Definitively the coolest comedy in a long time. 
bad O 'Dude' e um personagem absolutamente fascinante. 
best One of the best comedies of the nineties, and the best film thus far from the Coen Brothers. 
best It's the wealth of great characters and their insane dialogue that make this a memorable film. 
best Like a good Caucasian, Joel and Ethan Coen's L.A.-based crime-caper-comedy is an acquired taste, but potentially addictive once you take to its perfectly offbeat blend of seemingly disparate elements. 
bad As tempting as it is to completely dismiss The Big Lebowski, it's hard to do because the Coens are able to create wickedly funny eccentrics and possess the ability to energize certain actors to inhabit them completely. 
bad This time, they have all the parts together, but someone forgot the glue. 
good The Big Lebowski is a mess. But what a glorious, wonderfully-entertaining mess it is. 
good It's weirdly engaging, like its hero. 
good Not that The Big Lebowski is without its charms, but, like its central character, it is occasionally aimless and incoherent. 
bad This uneven screwball comedy -- a disjointed and half-hearted attempt by the Coen brothers to return to the Raising Arizona style -- is bound to underwhelm even their most fervent admirers. 
good The movie is more fascinating than funny, one you're more likely to discuss afterwards that laugh at while it is playing. 
terrible There are bits of brilliance here as in all Coen Brothers movies. Just not enough of them. 
bad The Dude and Sobchak begin as caricatures too, but they're allowed to grow into something deeper, if only because the humanist economy of the Coens' surrealist vaudeville allows for a couple of human beings within the tapestry of freaks. 
terrible This movie seems to me almost a mishmash of the worst bits that were left out of previous Coen Brothers outings. 
bad I wish the Coens the best, but they're going to have to do better than this. I know they can. 
best In a perfect world all movies would be made by the Coen brothers. 
good The Big Lebowski doesn't always bowl strikes. But in this wacky comedy, even the gutter balls are funny. 
bad Bad news for those in search of accessible comedy; good news, as always, for those who work at finding oddball flourishes and well-disguised social commentary. 
very_good Outrageously fun. 
very_good Leave it to the Coen brothers to use a man urinating on a rug as the catalyst for an entire film's events. 
good This plot need not be taken too seriously. Watching it amble along is enough of a treat, since the Coens populate this story with oddballs and bowling balls of such comic variety. 
bad It never really bored me at any point, but at the same time, it never really excited me either. 
good Inside the minds of Joel and Ethan Coen is a wonderfully weird place. 
good Viewers with a taste for bizarre, even surreal, humor will have a ball. 
very_good Some viewers have criticized the movie for being too much of a shaggy dog story, lacking a cohesive point or purpose. Yet to look for the point is to miss it entirely. Coen-heads hop aboard for the ride. 
very_good Outstanding acting, writing, direction and photography all combine to make this a great comic success. 
bad needlessly long 
good These are four extraordinary performances, delicate in their construction, honest in their execution. 
terrible asygkratitoi symbolismoi, poy plakonontai ap' to baros enos dyskinitoy lyrismoy kai tin emmoni se mia adieksodi kinimatografiki forma, asfyktiki ston tropo poy heirizetai ton afigimatiko rythmo san ergaleio basanistikis timorias toy theati. 
terrible It's a blunderbuss satire that criminally wastes a talented cast. 
bad In truckin' past so many fruitful oases, "Salvation Boulevard" is a bumpy road. 
good Salvation Boulevard wins exclusively on the strength of its cast. 
fair [An] enjoyable if simplistic black comedy loosely based on a novel by Larry Beinhart. 
bad It's quite funny at times and has some good performances. But it's so predictable it has no bite, either as social satire or as slapstick comedy. 
good Silly, predictable and as funny as the funny business of religion can be. 
bad The movie seems to be intoxicated by how funny it thinks it is, gleefully descending into a swell of hyperactivity, with each new scene engineered to one-up the last. 
very_bad Starts out on the right path, but loses its way early on. 
very_good A reasonably funny religious satire that takes potshots at easy targets but is quite watchable due to the participation of two Oscar winners and two Oscar nominees. 
terrible Without the humor, the stereotypes that define these characters aren't satirical; they're just mean-spirited and dull. 
bad There is the inkling of a strong, interesting idea here ... but "Salvation Boulevard" is itself too loosely tethered to the actual world to make the point with the necessary vigor or acuity. 
very_bad long on chutzpah but short on finesse 
terrible May have been complicated and chaotic on the page but it's reduced to a tedious film that makes no impact on screen. 
terrible Yet another slam on an amoral Fundamentalist preacher. 
bad Despite the talents of Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Marisa Tomei, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Ciaran Hinds, Yul Vazquez and Jim Gaffigan, "Salvation Boulevard" is far less than the sum of its fine, character-actor parts. 
terrible It's a stupid farrago of aborted ideas, misguided actors, lame direction, submental writing and follow-the-dots plotting that never comes anywhere within a 10-mile radius of what I used to call coherent filmmaking. 
very_bad Only Tomei, as an ineffectual campus security guard and fellow Deadhead, makes a lasting impression. 
terrible Salvation Boulevard doesn't simply pander to its choir; it practically accosts it via all manner of grotesque characterizations and situations. 
terrible In this case, boredom is the deadliest sin. 
bad A real missed opportunity. 
good Linklater is testing the boundaries of what can be done with digital video, thematically as well as visually. 
good Tape brilliantly mixes sex, lies, and videotape-esque quirks with some supreme mental fornicative twists to produce an engaging chunk of film. 
good A testament to why blockbuster junkies like me should turn off the Dolby digital and turn on the IFC every now and then. 
good Unlike some other filmed plays, this one contains dialogue that sounds realistic. 
bad As the film progresses and voices are raised the audience is dealt a very interesting and compelling film. 
good Intensely claustrophobic, impeccably directed drama, featuring excellent performances by all three leads. 
best The screenplay features nothing but talk, but this is one of the most tightly wound films of the year. 
bad Engrossing and dynamic viewing thanks to convincing dialogue and lively acting, most notably from Hawke. 
very_good Easily, one of the best pictures of 2001. 
good If Tape's claustrophobia doesn't get to you, and if you've got the intestinal fortitude to spend nearly 90 minutes in intimate proximity with two equally unlikeable guys, the movie does exert a certain propulsive fascination. 
good For a movie set completely inside a dingy motel room, Tape is a thrilling piece of experimental cinema. 
good For the most part, Tape is smart and deftly executed, with Hawke, in particular, as the resentful Vince, making a vivid impression. 
bad Worth watching, even if it never transcends its self-imposed limitations. 
good May not go down as more than an acting and DV exercise, but at least it's an engrossing one. 
bad Implodes under the weight of its own 'excessive linguistic pressure.' 
best Despite the obvious origins as a play--only three characters in one room--this startling film manages to keep us utterly gripped. 
good Linklater continues to prove the importance of substance over style with Tape. 
good "Tape" may take place entirely in a small motel room, but it packs an emotional wallop the size of an entire city. 
terrible Picture a typical student film with its arty angles, bad lighting and pretentious observations. 
very_good Talky and terrific! 
terrible "Would you guys just figure out what the fuck you're talking about?" Actual line from the film. Actual way you might feel by the time that line is uttered. 
good Smart, playful, disturbing, and most of all alive. 
very_good You feel less like you're watching a film and more like you're at an award-winning Broadway play with a killer cast. 
very_good Steeped in venom, deception, and manipulation, Tape is a three-way volley of mind games in which an adolescent grudge assumes the complexion of a festering wound. 
good Like most movies by Linklater, it's the kind of film that doesn't usually get made -- a dramatic chamber piece for young people. 
very_good Tape made me believe that its events could happen to real people more or less as they appear on the screen, and that is its most difficult accomplishment. 
very_good Tape is smart, unpredictable, and alive with the energies of actors who clearly are enjoying being stretched by their material. 
bad The one-room structure almost sinks the film because the more uncomfortable the situation becomes, the more you wonder why characters don't just up and leave. 
best A smartly-crafted, voyeuristic pleasure - sans the guilt. 
good A compelling drama that may lack that Oscar-worthy gloss, but offers virtues that are much more rare: captivating characters, verbal wit, and an actual story. 
fair You never quite escape the feeling you're watching a barely adapted TV version of a somewhat gimmicky stage play. 
good Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard and Uma Thurman give the most psychologically acute performances of their film careers. 
good Makes its points -- and how -- but never for a second forgets to be thoroughly engrossing. 
bad A stagy, three-person psychodrama about guilt, memory and manipulation, driven by strong performances. 
good An amazingly dynamic motion picture -- one that challenges viewers' ideas and preconceptions. 
bad Linklater and cinematographer Maryse Alberti ... turn the claustrophobic hotel-room setting into one of the more handsome films shot on digital video. 
good off-the-cuff and expertly executed, though bound by its source and its format to minor rewards and pocket epiphanies 
good By film's end, the only rape that remains is that of words and memories. 
fair Intermittently involving but lacking in wit, style and variety. 
terrible A failure of a low-budget project if ever there was one. 
bad 0.6 
bad As much as I sat amused (occasionally highly amused) for 136 minutes, I never felt particularly engrossed or even all that thrilled. The stakes were too low. 
bad In the absence of definitive work done in our heroing couple, a pair rich in fibers but relegated to broad strokes and easy quips in this turn, most of it amounts to a fairly good spy thriller, not an ace-in-the-whole neo-superhero masterpiece. 
good It has a charismatic hero, inspired action choreography and Robert Redford as a living signifier of the days when Hollywood thrillers tried to make you think about stuff between shootouts. Also, it's really funny. 
bad Chris Evans is back as Captain America, powered by super-serum and a sense of loss. 
good This is the most political, complicated Marvel movie to date. 
good The Winter Soldier is all-American entertainment, with a hero enlightened to the fact that while he may not be able to trust his American government's leaders, he ultimately represents not them but the American ideals of truth and justice. 
good Sometimes a film leaves you with a big, dumb grin on your face. The Marvel blockbuster Captain America: The Winter Soldier... is such an item. 
good I agree that this is an enjoyable film, but if you ask if I'm excited to see a sequel, my honest answer is it wouldn't bother me if they never made another one. 
good With Chris Evans charismatic as ever in the lead, and a good supporting cast, The Winter Soldier is a welcome addition to Marvel's ever-expanding canon. 
good Winter Soldier has enough intrigue to satisfy fans and a Heat-style street battle cements it as a stand-alone thriller, albeit one which doesn't really reflect how 'winter soldiers' were 1970s' Vietnam veterans concerned about US war crimes. 
fair What starts as a terrific and grounded little thriller becomes less interesting as it gets less "little". 
best The best Marvel film to date explores government overreach, the real and perceived threats to national security and how true American values will always win out over false ones. 
very_good "'The Winter Soldier' not only satisfies with its plentiful action scenes, it also offers some intriguing commentary on the current political and world climate, and turns out to be a sterling character piece." 
good ...has a nice push and pull going on, between nostalgia for a time gone by and a piercing, contemporary relevance. 
best I salute you, 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.' 
bad A substantial disappointment after 2011's better-than-expected Captain America: The First Avenger... 
very_good 'Winter Soldier' is a layered and paranoid espionage thriller, what you'd get if John le Carre took a stab at the superhero genre. 
good A solid example of meat-and-potatoes popcorn filmmaking--befitting that most meat-and-potatoes of comic book heroes. 
good Proving his mettle in a story with a darker tone, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an excellent chapter in the Marvel canon. 
good The Winter Soldier delivers a funnier, angst-ridden Captain for our security vs. liberty-obsessed times. 
good the movie stabs right at the heart of the ultimate virtue for which Captain America stands--freedom--by questioning what exactly such a virtue entails and what is required to preserve it 
very_good May be the most thoughtful instance of character depth in a comic-born action extravaganza. 
good I'm afraid of Robert Redford. 
good On a fundamental level, the Russos get the character of Captain America, and this deep understanding trickles down into the film in satisfying ways. 
bad The movie doesn't use any time in establishing an identity, because it is obsessed with the thrill. 
very_bad Yet another super-sized serving of superhero cinematic sponge cake... this follow-up really feels like bloated franchise filler. 
best A great addition to the Marvel heroes family, (this) is another testament to the powers that be at Marvel Studios know that anything worth doing is worth doing well! 
good Chris Evans has grown significantly in his role since The Avengers, and he's far more appealing here, going for the same kind of charming, simple quality that Christopher Reeve had in the Superman movies. 
bad It's hard to tell the difference between the parody and the parodied in Marvel movies; almost everything comes with a wink until Things Get Serious at the apocalyptic climax. 
very_good The unlikely directors are comedy connoisseurs Anthony and Joe Russo, working with a gargantuan Marvel/Disney support team no doubt organized on the theory that these movies have become Too Big To Fail... 
very_good Most fascinating is watching the cast's two old pros, Jackson and Redford, spark in surprising ways. 
fair [There's] a great film that could have been made by the same people and much of the same raw material, but commercial forces obliged it to instead be just pretty good. 
best Black Widow is the scene stealer this time out... There's just very little than can be said against a film this well-rounded and complete... Trust no one - except Marvel. 
good For what it's worth, I'm looking forward to its sequel. 
very_good Yes, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a great action movie -- an immensely enjoyable spy-thriller-flavored film with Bond-worthy flair (and orchestral flourishes). But first and foremost, it's also a great Captain America film. 
bad Acaba se perdendo na necessidade de incluir elaboradas sequencias de acao e de ser um "filme de super-heroi" em vez de insistir na ideia de ser um filme sobre um humano que tem superpoderes. 
fair A mission quite accomplished for those hooked on all things Marvel. 
fair What a ride. It is a real popcorn movie. 
good The best thing in the film is, in fact, its take on Captain America that makes it great, as Evans plays Cap as Jimmy Stewart on steroids... 
good Miles beyond the great 2011 chapter. Ups the ante in storyline, character development and action, while giving a thrilling setup for future installments. It's the best of the Marvel/Avengers pantheon since The Avengers movie. 
good Super Fun, Super Exciting, 
good The Russos raise the stakes on each successive action sequence, until they arrive at [a] thundering, brutal, intensely suspenseful climax. 
fair A brawny blockbuster-formula movie with the brains of an espionage thriller, it recalls vintage '70s spy romps but resonates with contemporary issues. 
good If the original is anything to applaud, the sequel usually isn't. And even more rarely is the sequel actually better. But with this near-perfect comeback, we don't see so much of it coming, we enjoy nearly all of it and we can't ask for very much more. 
fair A spy-centric, timely, intriguing thriller. 
fair Trust, betrayal and good ole-fashioned right and wrong lie at the heart of Marvel's latest offering. 
best Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a mesmerizing superhero film that satisfies on every level. When that last snake head is chopped off, you still find yourself wanting more after 136-minutes of pure comic book superhero cinematic nirvana. 
very_good "Captain America" is a grittier, more dangerous and darker movie than you've come to expect from the features in the Marvel franchise. 
fair After not helming big-screen offerings for almost nine years (not since "You, Me and Dupree"), Cleveland-reared directors Anthony and Joe Russo throw in a few inspired winks to some stimulating movies from the more politically influenced past. 
good It imports so many cast members from The Avengers that it almost feels like the Age of Ultron is already upon us. Yet it's a credit to the scripters that their stage feels crowded but not cluttered, as every character is allowed opportunities to shine. 
bad As weakling-turned-super-soldier Steve Rogers, Evans remains the best reason to see any movie with Captain America in it. 
good It's an enjoyable ride and should be good for keeping the anticipation at bay for next summers' The Avengers sequel. 
bad The fans won't be disappointed by the lavish visual effects, the explosions and gun battles, all of which are the essential elements in this kind of super-cinema experience. 
very_good Often has something akin to the tone of a 1970s-era paranoid conspiracy thriller. Marrying the slam-bang adventure of a comic book with something more cerebral was a brilliant idea, one that is very entertainingly executed. 
fair Arguably the studio's best sequel to date - a gripping and socially relevant continuation to its hero's cinematic evolution. 
good a super hero adventure grounded in reality that works on both levels, and a genuinely suspenseful story that harks back to the best of the Cold War thrillers 
good A timely narrative, deep exploration of fan-favorite characters, and unforgettable action set pieces make Captain America: The Winter Soldier one of Marvel's best. 
fair The ninth film in the ever-growing Avengers series has a slightly problematic plot, and it provides more comfort than true thrills, but is most certainly a serviceable entertainment. 
good "Winter Soldier" is a nod to the great espionage films of the 1970s, movies like "3 Days of the Condor" and "The Parallax View," even going so far to bridge the two by casting "Condor" star Robert Redford as shady politician Alexander Pierce. 
good A superior sequel that, at the very least, stands shoulder-to-shoulder with its whizbang predecessor. 
good The banter between Chris Evans as Rogers and Scarlett Johansson's Nathasha Romanoff is a welcome antidote to superhero gravitas syndrome. 
good The performers ensure all the apocalyptic sparkle feels human. Thanks to their sense of committed purpose in making it personal, Captain America transcends patriotism and hits the universal. 
good Beneath its comic-book action trappings, the film is about Captain America's loss of innocence. He's 93 years old, and he comes of age. 
good Machinery collides, mega-fighting transpires, exciting car chases and even more exuberant car crashes aim right for your face. It's loud and, lucky you, designed for maximum impact (well, a PG-13 suggestion of impact, anyway; this isn't The Raid 2). 
fair It takes a Captain America - level super bladder to make it through the film. 
bad As the film moves into its final act, it gets a little too familiar, even a bit baggy. We're reminded that at its core this franchise of films is just a bunch of aw-shucks fun. 
good What's really great about 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' is that it feels like its own fully realized movie and not just a bridge to the next superhero extravaganza. 
very_good It wants to be serious, funny, jingoistic, independent-minded, poignant and a CGI fireworks show all at once in every scene. Even Michael Bay has a headache. 
bad A film that functions just as nicely as a political thriller as it does as an action movie, and which arrives as a big, loud and highly polished dose of popcorn-munching fun. 
bad If Captain America: The Winter Soldier is indeed an augur of things to come during this special-effects-laden summer, maybe it won't be such a painful season after all. 
very_good This is the first Marvel Studios movie since the original Iron Man that really stands on its own. 
very_good The most contemplative and challenging of the Avengers movies. 
fair There's too much going on: the Marvel Universe stuff, the WikiLeaks-ish paranoia stuff, the video game-ish CG visual effects stuff, the epic John Woo-ish everybody-pointing-a-weapon-at-everybody-else face-off stuff. 
fair The Winter Soldier represents the evolution of Captain America into a more complex character. He still kicks major ass and can throw that shield like a death Frisbee, but does he have enough courage to ask out the hot babe that lives next door? 
very_bad The conspiracy plays out like the screenwriters read The Huffington Post after The PATRIOT Act but didn't know that TV's "Person of Interest" was already doing this. 
fair We not only get an edgier, more complex, more compelling storyline, we get the most badass 95-year-old the world has ever known. 
fair The movie's feel for urban warfare takes its cue, though not its severe, disturbing edge, from street-level spectacles like Heat and Ronin. 
bad Fans of this franchise should expect more than a boilerplate action flick that brings absolutely nothing new to the genre. 
very_good Among comic-book films, it's up there with Batman Begins and Spider-Man 2 (the first). 
bad Among Marvel's best. 
good A much-improved second outing with a few familiar faces along in his adventure. 
terrible There are too many complicated relationships and back stories of which to keep track. 
best Rivals Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" in complexity and scope in the way it looks at real-world issues through a deceptively simple comic book aesthetic. 
good That rarest of movie beasts - a sequel as good as the original. 
good This is a sequel that easily surpasses its predecessor by turning its previously dull hero into one with unexpected but logical depth. 
bad By the time we've been treated to not just one, but two, mid-closing credits scenes that set up future "Avengers" movies, I was wishing they'd concentrate on telling one story capably instead of three or four not very well. 
good There's darkness and confusion just under its comic-book surface. 
good This film is unlikely to convert a non-Captain America lover into a fanatic but it's assembled with sufficient skill that those who enjoy this sort of motion picture will have a good time. 
bad I was hoping for something special here. 
very_good The Winter Soldier will reaffirm your faith in big-budget moviemaking that can tell a politically balanced story. 
good "The First Avenger" was a work of art, while "The Winter Soldier" is serviceable entertainment. 
very_good A sizzling, stand-alone conspiracy that lights the fuse on the Marvel universe and actually retrofits "Iron Man 2's" clunkiest component parts. 
good The best kind of blockbuster comic-book movie, tweaking the brain while dazzling the eye. 
very_good The lack of green-screen laziness makes the red, white and blue workmanship pop out that much more. 
good Plot-wise, Winter Soldier makes for a more muscular movie than most Marvel-inspired mysteries. 
good His straightforward, human determination made 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger the best of the Avengers origin stories. The Winter Soldier, the best Marvel sequel, shows the guy's still got it. 
bad "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" has the usual overlong running time, the half-hearted feints in the direction of human feeling and the obligatory action sequences that are big without being either exciting or particularly legible. 
fair On paper this sequel has some promising elements, but on screen it retreats from the very issues that it raises, and on a shelf next to "Captain America: The First Avenger," "The Winter Soldier" is pale. 
bad It remains a highlight of Marvel's bid for big-screen dominance, as well as a canny meditation on the perils of overprotective government agencies blithely swapping liberty and freedom for a tenuous sense of safety in a post-9/11 world. 
good "The Winter Soldier" is superbly made and well-acted, neatly setting up the next few installments with just the right enticing sense of ongoing mystery. 
very_good With all the superheroes running around here, The Winter Soldier feels like a mini-Avengers movie unto itself. 
very_good "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" is a very good movie, the rare film in this genre that serves as both entry point and continuation. For a change, you can walk in cold and you won't be too lost. 
good Powered by a dynamite Evans and a first-rate cast, this movie overcomes its plot holes and 3D too-muchness by making human frailty its primary focus. 
best Marvel Studios' answer to 'The Dark Knight' is tremendously entertaining and likely the superhero blockbuster to beat not just for 2014, but possibly many years to come. 
very_good "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" takes a flying leap off the basic premise of superhero movies and sails away in unexpected, crowd-pleasing directions. 
bad Sometimes the Marvel universe isn't as Marvelous as we've come to expect. Might have been more enjoyable if there had been a compelling story to go along with all the sound and fury, Nick Fury. 
fair The First Avenger's second outing is a third-rate conspiracy thriller, but Chris Evans and company give it their all. 
good For those invested in the Marvel superheroes, it ranks high up there. It's not The Avengers or Iron Man, but it's better than most of the rest of them. 
very_good A fresh Marvel adventure that stands high above its predecessor and even surpasses "The Avengers" in its technique and execution. 
fair Though Captain America: The Winter Soldier never strays far from preposterousness, the picture's real-world implications give its high-flying action at least a tug of gravity. 
very_good Not only a big action movie, this one is a game-changer in the Marvel saga as well as meditation on what American ideals mean in the modern world. 
good The movie does its duty. It's a reliable commodity, delivered efficiently and well, like pizza. 
good There is the feeling that the expansive world of this ongoing Marvel saga is no longer spinning its wheels, but headed somewhere potentially fresh and exciting. 
good Kudos to the Russos and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely for stepping outside the constraints of both the genre and the shared history. 
good Fight scenes are tense, though occasionally it's hard to tell who's doing what to whom. But they have the bone-crunching crack of realism sometimes lacking in comic book movies. 
good Some of the subterfuge - who's trustworthy and who isn't - is relatively easy to mentally unravel, but thick tension and uncertainty remains the default mode of Captain America: The Winter Soldier. 
very_good In his third outing as the Captain, Evans seems totally comfortable in the role. He manages to convey his character's goodness without making him seem like a self-righteous stiff. 
fair The most effective standalone Marvel movie since the first Iron Man, and the most consistently entertaining since The Avengers. 
good Like Three Days of the Condor and The Bourne Identity jacked up on super serum 
very_bad Despite one or two moments of Venture Brothers-worthy fancy, the film is as by-the-numbers as any this series has ever offered. 
good It may not offer anything new to the Marvel universe, but like the other films, it's highly entertaining and a lot of fun, making it worth the two-hour investment. 
good The people who made Captain America: The Winter Soldier, including the directors Anthony and Joe Russo, understood their calmly uncomplicated hero better than the people who made Man of Steel understood the similarly square Superman. 
fair The new movie is surprising. It's rambunctious, funny, complex and engaging at the level of ideas. 
bad Apart from slipping in a Danny Pudi cameo, [directors Anthony and Joe Russo] keep things funny and character driven. They even file gratuitous shout-outs to Marvin Gaye's 'Trouble Man' soundtrack. 
good As far as sequels besting original titles go, Captain America: The Winter Soldier makes The First Avenger look like that silly Cap adaptation from 1990. 
good A great international thriller, it engages the world at large yet stays focused as a sharp cast led by Scarlett Johansson, Anthony Mackie and Robert Redford support the star-spangled main man. 
bad Deeply mediocre and ultra-predictable ... 
fair While ''The Winter Soldier'' succeeds as finely engineered merchandise built to be crowd-pleasing entertainment, for moviegoers and shareholder alike, it has a shelf life that won't last much past its running time. 
fair While Evans is still great in the role and it's nice that this superhero film is actually "about something," it lacks the heart of "Captain America" and the humor of "The Avengers." 
good This is a genuine delight, a smart film without so much of the CG filler these movies can often contain. 
fair [...] The Winter Soldier smartly integrates a crisply orchestrated Marvel action movie with the paranoid thrillers of the 1970s, which were pegged to a mistrust of government and the shadow organizations that orbit it. 
very_good The movie has many quiet, insightful moments that lend gravity to the situation, as well as some clever fish-out-of-water character definition. 
very_good It advances the story and respects mythos of its comic book creations, yet isn't averse to taking risks and moving it into bolder directions. 
bad Those in search of eye-popping, cliff-hanging spectacle won't be disappointed, but on a personal level (and post credits sequences aside) Joss Whedon this ain't. 
good Captain America: The Winter Soldier sees the talent (rookies or veterans) assembled firing on all cylinders, significantly upping the stake for the next phase of the MCU and showing why we still need "a little old fashioned." 
bad For the most part, however, The Winter Soldier - though never as agreeably dusty as The First Avenger - tips its shield to older, less digitally engorged schools of suspense cinema. 
bad The plotting is purposeful and the writing tidy. 
good From Scarlett Johansson's wonderfully sultry femme fatale Black Widow to Robert Redford's self-satisfied politician and Samuel L Jackson's tough and sardonic Nick Fury, the film benefits from performances that combine camp with conviction. 
fair This is the Marvel movie that divides the fans from the casual filmgoers, as the movies become more like a TV series in which the world is saved from disaster every week. 
bad Marvel fans will be left writhing with pleasure. 
good It is an exhilarating ride, expertly overseen by co-directors Anthony and Joe Russo. 
good The Marvel faithful will turn up for the action scenes, and the directors, brothers Anthony and Joe Russo, add an uncommon sharpness to sequences of urban warfare -- these Heat-grade bullet volleys have a real ping to them. 
best This sequel fully displays the exciting power that Marvel's Phase Two is capable of. 
bad Thanks to Johansson, Jackson and Redford, this is all good fun. It's a shame the weak link is the Captain himself. 
bad Robert Redford, laying aside Mr Liberal Sundance Nice Guy, lends sleek mischief to a dodgy Washington power-broker. Elsewhere, it's the box-office blend as before. 
best The result is a blockbuster with a brain and a superhero movie that feels ripped not from a comic book so much as today's headlines. 
bad The Winter Soldier is consistently engaging, exciting in bursts, but there's not one point in which the film ever excels. 
good It may climax with an overly formulaic splurge, but The Winter Soldier benefits from an old-school-thriller tone that, for its first half at least, distinguishes it from its more obviously superheroic Marvel cousins. 
very_bad Chris Evans' welcome return to the superhero fold can't save this sequel from feeling like an awkward franchise mid-point. 
good It boasts the best of Marvel's knowing wit and and one-liners, the grandest flex of its big-dollar action muscle, and crucially, some of the boldest plot developments yet seen in its cinematic canon. 
fair The Winter Soldier (admittedly, the best of a recent batch) feels thoroughly unremarkable. That's what happens when you get too much of a just-okay thing. 
very_good Fundamentally, this is a superhero movie with something to say. In fact it's the first Marvel entry with a truly topical sting. 
very_good Be prepared for a game changer! 
good The second Captain America movie is a terrific, stand-alone thriller that delivers exciting action sequences and engaging characters wrapped up in a satisfying and cleverly resonant plot. 
good The most interesting Avengers film yet. 
very_good Captain America: The Winter Soldier is not a flawless picture, but its portrayal of heroism comes incredibly close to perfection. 
good It chooses to avoid the easy gags and go for stronger drama by having Cap confront something he really wasn't prepared for: A S.H.I.E.L.D. that seems to have lost its way, and may even have a few traitors buried deep inside it. 
best The film is everything anyone could want from a comic book movie, and will stand as one of the best of all time. 
fair A tug-of-war between grit and goof 
bad Exactly what we expect from Marvel now and, as such, this is the first film in its catalogue that doesn't feel particularly fresh or exciting. 
very_good The ninth installment in the Marvel cinematic universe, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is also perhaps its most intricately crafted. 
good With a string of gratifying action sequences, and a breakneck pace leavened by a frequently witty script, The Winter Soldier stands alone as a solidly entertaining blockbuster. 
bad You can't help but feel disappointment that a film with a relatively spicy premise becomes, in the end, so risk-averse. 
good This sequel gives the flagging comic-book movie an adrenaline shot of relevance. You've got to hand it to them. 
best To that end, make sure you stay watching through the credits. Captain's orders. 
good Despite featuring three Avengers in lead roles, Captain America: The Winter Soldier feels tonally distinct from its Marvel forerunners, more spy thriller than superhero sequel. 
good Gains huge points by working as a standalone movie set in the world of espionage and world politics, different enough from previous Marvel movies to be more accessible for non-comic fans than anything Marvel's done thus far. 
good This entry won't win any new converts, but anyone already invested in this series is going to have a blast. 
good Every element in Captain America: The Winter Soldier from its strong characters, engrossing conspiracy storyline and especially the taut action scenes are brilliantly done. 
very_bad Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style. 
good Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers. 
good Stylistically it's a beauty, with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score. 
fair Awful deaths (and hysterical reactions to them) punctuate declarations of love and friendship, revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst. 
good Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal, Verhoevenesque atmosphere... 
good A wonderfully exciting, incredibly idiosyncratic actioner. 
very_bad Maybe Battle Royale's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously. 
best Fukasaku's set pieces are dynamic, composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie's successor, 'The Hunger Games.' 
good Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem, violence and unfettered teen melodrama. 
good Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences. 
best It gets no points for subtlety, but this confronting, devastating, hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right. 
best A disturbing film to say the least, and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States. 
best A modern classic about the folly of violence. 
good Some will be uncomfortable or appalled, and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy, but this isn't a film you'll forget easily. And, seriously, what would you do? 
good Os intertitulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme, mas, de modo geral, a acao e muito bem conduzida e os personagens, satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos. 
fair Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un veritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood. 
very_bad The basic storyline just isn't very good, and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious, which quite simply isn't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this. 
fair As twisted as it sounds, killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid, well, cinematic boredom. 
good BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored, and will not be easily forgotten...the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop. 
very_bad 'Battle Royale' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of 'reality TV'. 
good A hell of an action movie, an admission that makes me feel a little guilty. 
good Sharply written, bloody, and darkly funny, this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare. 
good Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage, I was able to stop considering it an important film, and start watching it as an entertaining one. 
very_bad It's fascinating, tense and grisly... but a bit of a muddle really. 
bad As usual, Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction, even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious. 
good This is a heart-stopping action film, teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline, teamwork, and determination, but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative, shockingly violent package. 
good Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief. 
very_bad An Iranian political drama told in The Blair Witch Project fashion. ... An incomprehensible mess, only its high-minded intentions save it from being truly awful. 
good Hell, yes! 
bad Leave it to Disney to pass off the pilot of a made-for-cable series as a straight-to-tape sequel to a theatrical blockbuster. 
terrible Scary and confusing tale of a dolphin following his dream. 
terrible Nine-year-old kids may sit through it and have fun, but nine-year-olds would also eat french fries 23 hours a day if their parents didn't force them to try something more nutritious. 
bad OK Lone Ranger western, but inferior to great Clayton Moore first Ranger feature. 
fair suffers from ... lack of imagination and limited scope 
best Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest. 
good The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring. 
best One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture. 
best This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans. 
best The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over. 
best MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is. 
very_good The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling. 
best Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure? 
best Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one. 
best The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration 
best This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best. 
best It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick. 
best Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made. 
best A head trip of a family film. 
best The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her. 
best It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray] 
best If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally. 
best One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with. 
best The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences. 
best The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably. 
best This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie. 
best I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too! 
best It's a movie that speaks of Hollywood's unacknowledged fascination with the exotic, the mad, the unreal. 
very_good ...a thoroughly American fairy tale that wholly endorses the ethic of consumerism. 
best One of the greatest films made ... in any genre. 
best It's a movie almost everyone has seen multiple times, and every viewing is a visit home as well as a wild adventure toward territories unknown. 
best ...one of the most enduring musical fantasies of all time. 
good A true amalgam of creative forces individually pooling their studio-contract talents like a hive of bees (in tribute to a trio of queens...a quartet if you count George Cukor). 
best Well named "the wonderful Wizard of Oz"! 
best The film is probably as entertaining now as it was in 1939. 
best Still a treat for you -- and your little dog too... 
good A delightful fantasy for children and adults alike, one that cherishes childhood and its dreams. 
best The greatest movie ever? It certainly comes close to claiming that title 
best No need to say that this film is a classic. 
good It never was a great film, but it's now a part of our culture. 
best Pink Floyd anyone? 
best I think everyone agrees it is a legendary film and everyone who hasn't seen it, should. 
best Is there another family movie as timeless as this one? I don't think so, pal. 
best This movie is an ideal family film, superb in every aspect, with outstanding art direction, music, and performances. 
best Each time it is shown, this extraordinary film ... embraces a new generation of children who succumb to its magic. 
best Its underlying story penetrates straight to the deepest insecurities of childhood, stirs them and then reassures them. 
very_good I can't imagine my childhood without this movie. 
best Each scene in The Wizard of Oz is spectacular in its visual creativity. Each song is inspired. 
best Remarkable, colorful, heartwarming. 
best A dazzling fantasy musical so beautifully directed and acted that it deserves its classic status. 
best The music is so infectiously happy that it is basically impossible to keep your toes from tapping, your head from bobbing, and an ear-to-ear grin from appearing on your face. 
best This wonderful romp of a movie looks magical on the big screen: colors are a picnic for the eyes, details loom so clearly you can practically touch them and there's a sense of the larger-than-life with a film that's already larger than life. 
best It's not simply a magical, whirling experience, but a ground breaker for visual and technological creativity, combining Hollywood forces with Hollywood genius to spawn strands of unique and original elements never before attempted at the movies. 
best The Wizard of Oz is one of those rare classics that can endure for generations and be as popular to adults as it is to kids. 
best the message comes across loud and clear that you don't have to have a boat, a car or a plane to make a journey of self-discovery and that courage, intelligence and compassion come from within, not through medals, diplomas or testimonials. 
best Every bit THE classic. 
best Seeing The Wizard of Oz in a movie theater, the way God and Louis B. Mayer intended you to see it, is like being at Cape Canaveral for a space shuttle launch instead of watching it on television. 
very_bad Acaba revelando, em seu ato final, um esforco intrigante para surpreender o espectador, a esta altura, ja fomos obrigados a aguentar uma infinidade de dialogos desastrosos e sequencias frouxas de acao e pouco pode ser feito para salvar o filme. 
terrible Proefibikon prodiagrafon astynomiki peripeteia, me yperanalytiko epanalambanomeno senario anamenomenis plokis, tigka sta ftina kolpakia toy montaz gia petyhei ayto to cool binteoklipistiko 
bad It's inexplicable that the filmmakers haven't given the stars many opportunities to pull out their celebrated skills en route to their inevitable head-on collision. 
very_bad All together now: 'War! Hurgh! What is it it good for?' 
terrible Badly plotted, poorly directed action flick - it's no surprise this wasn't shown to critics before its release. 
very_bad Like its leading men, War's got a few handy moves up its sleeve, but when the dust-ups clear it emerges underwritten and over-cranked. 
terrible What is it good for? Absolutely nothing. 
very_bad Li and Statham (and the audience) deserve better. 
very_bad A cliff notes version of an action movie. 
bad There is a lot of talent in front of the camera in this mess -- Statham, Li, Lone, Aoki, Luis Guzman, Saul Rubinek, and the always cool Sung Kang -- and they are all wasted. Those actors deserve a better movie. So does the audience. 
very_bad First-time feature director Atwell clearly displays skills he picked up directing videos for Eminem and 50 Cent. 
very_bad The story is threadbare... 
fair If you want action and a convoluted plot, there's no need to wreak havoc. Let Jason Statham and Jet Li do that for you in "War." 
terrible This assignment may have provided Statham a decent payday, but it's not his shining hour. 
bad Not exactly the Jet Li/Jason Statham battle royale we had been promised. 
very_bad If it weren't for the last act, the film would have ended up being just as functional as any cheesy action film from the 80s. 
very_bad Rent a John Woo movie instead. 
terrible Not so much a narrative as a barrage of violent images designed to beat the brain into abject surrender. 
very_bad There isn't enough humor in the script and not enough style in the direction by newcomer Philip G. Atwell. A few plot twists keep things interesting, but the best ones come long after anyone could possibly care. 
terrible Building to a climactic twist as arbitrary as it is unsatisfying, WarK ties itself in knots trying to bring something new to a stale formula. It's never painful to watch, but that's only because it provokes no feeling at all. 
very_bad Most regrettably, War squanders the considerable merits of its leads. 
terrible No one who's witnessed any of the graceful yet blistering combat in the Bourne movies should stand for action sequences that look like they've been edited by an Uzi. 
bad could suffice as entertainment in a lot of low-expectation venues 
terrible If you've seen the trailer, then you've already seen a much more entertaining version of War. 
terrible War, what is it good for? Unh! Absolutely nothin'! 
fair This isn't great cinema, but it adequately fills a niche. Those who like their action loud and bloody won't be disappointed. There's a high body count and lots of explosions and, for some, that's what this is all about. 
very_bad War is largely a yawner. 
bad A generic action flick made much worse by a couple of ridiculous plot twists that are disingenuous and a total rip-off, ruining what little fun it otherwise would have been. 
very_bad War is the Heat of cheesy Ameri-Euro-Asian kung-fu cop-crook movies. 
fair It all looks pretty good, and delivers exactly what it promises. 
very_bad Statham and Li never really fight, except for thirty seconds or so of half-hearted punches. 
good All-the-way-through good, from explosive start to bloody finish, without so much as a momentary lag in the action or the story. 
bad Sound effects: blam! blam! blam! blam, blam! blam! blam! blam! blam!!! -- well, you get the picture. 
very_bad Li...spends most of his time shooting a gun with what are usually much more ingeniously employed hands. 
very_bad It's the ultimate showdown between cliche and more cliche. 
bad ...War's relentlessly over-the-top visuals and hopelessly convoluted storyline ensure that it generally comes off as yet another needless entry within an exceedingly tired genre. 
terrible An irrelevant, joyless bore. 
very_good A poetic, powerful work. 
bad All Gordon Green can manage are...dreamy images, blunt-edged characters and dialogue, splattered like so-much Cheese Whiz over a shapeless mess of a pseudo-poetic narrative. 
terrible Obriga o publico a passar duas horas ao lado de pessoas absolutamente desinteressantes. 
very_bad The performances are convincing, and sufficiently nuanced to elevate the characters beyond mere cliche. 
very_bad Zooey Deschanel, in her first starring role, barely saves this film from the murky bogs of independent dreck. 
very_good There are several moments so sublime, so ineffably and serenely beautiful, that you might be convinced that this sort of relationship could only happen in a dream. 
bad A lot of the dialogue is funny and dumb and sometimes insightful, but there are also moments when something rings so false it feels you're watching an artfully directed episode of Dawson's Creek. 
best The story takes place in the real world, but the real world as it feels when you're in love or when you watch a great film like, say, this one. 
very_bad A borderline- unwatchable excursion into rural romance. 
very_bad Undisciplined, unfocused, overimprovised and unevenly acted. 
best an extraordinary ode to the power of first love and its ability to redeem, even when it involves heartbreak that, in retrospect, was inevitable 
fair The characters just sit there and talk, and you start to feel you're trapped not at a movie but in a tiny diner somewhere, eavesdropping on a lot of uninteresting conversations. 
bad One of those movies you're sure you're supposed to like, and then you wind up not liking it so much. 
very_good By dismissing the cliches of movie romance, "All the Real Girls" comes closer than most movies can to showing a couple falling in love. 
best As the best anti-Hollywood romance I've seen in years, the film restores my faith in the independent film movement. 
very_good If only the film had somewhere to go. Green refuses to opt for a pat ending, but the finish he went with is jarring and unsatisfying. 
good A wise, delicate and immensely touching romance. 
very_good Patiently reveals itself as a simply poetic romance told in fragments of Southern-accented conversation. 
very_good I have seen the cinematic future and his name is David Gordon Green. 
good The characters in All the Real Girls can seem a little thin ... but the emotions always feel genuine. 
very_bad Director David Gordon Green knows more about how to capture a striking image on screen than telling a compelling story. 
good Has a much sharper focus than George Washington, making it a more accomplished picture. 
good A slice of regional poetry intrinsic to lives overlooked by, under-lived in comparison to, and outside the mainstream. 
good After a while, you feel like you're watching natural interactions rather than a scripted performance. 
good It's a beautifully realized and assured work packed with the kind of raw emotions that rarely make it to the screen. 
fair Deschanel gives a heart-wrenching performance that often makes Schneider's seem inert. 
good A smartly acted, achingly simple love story. 
very_good There's something about the simplicity and directness of the relationship in All the Real Girls that truly touches the heart. 
fair The joys, hurts and fears in any new relationship are so close to the surface for these characters that their attempts to navigate their feelings can be acutely painful to watch. 
good An anti-Hollywood romance; a tonic for all those weary of the usual cinematic overglamorization of love. 
good Green confirms his status as the most atmospherically distinctive American movie director since Paul Thomas Anderson. 
bad One of those movies that can drive you freakin' nuts. 
very_good It's a love story stripped of trite narrative conventions and made to feel searingly honest. 
good Green's style will put him among the big names of a new generation of filmmakers 
very_good Green ... makes the movie raw, confused and vivid, just like the emotions its characters experience. 
good I enjoyed spending time with [Green's] characters (particularly Noel, who's beautifully played by the ever illuminating Deschanel) and in his world. 
good Green, who co-wrote the story with Schneider, allows the characters to say and do whatever feels real -- or failing that, whatever feels beautiful. 
best It gives you fuel for self-reflection, sadness to last a lifetime, plenty of food for thought once the tears subside and joy in knowing that great American cinema is alive and kicking. Brilliant. 
best Small-town romance has the poetry of the inarticulate, the faith of the wounded and the beauty of the everyday in every heartfelt frame. 
very_good This is a real deal about people of interest, and filmmaker Green is truly ripening. 
good A movie that eliminates Hollywood gloss and pop cliches -- and in their place offers an honest look at young love and its pitfalls. 
good Miraculously, Deschanel makes Noel the real girl that both Paul and the movie very much need. 
best As we stumble and trip our way through romance, hearts aren't just broken -- they deflate until they disappear. Watching `All the Real Girls' is like listening to the hissing sound. 
best Green is 27, old enough to be jaded, but he has the soul of a romantic poet. 
bad The main characters are unremarkable, and most of the acting is dull. 
fair Art-school stew, made, in this case, from Green's own leftovers. 
good A small movie about big emotions, with Green capturing the rush of love and sting of heartbreak with great vividness. 
bad Wallows in high-fallutin' indie-ness while catering to self-indulgent reality. 
fair ...now that I sit down to review the picture a couple weeks later, I barely remember it. Whatever positive impression it left sure didn't last. 
good Isn't likely to win over the romance audiences who look for fluffy distractions ... [but] will please those who like their relationship movies honest, realistic, and understated. 
bad A handsomely photographed movie of little consequence. 
bad The film's strengths are overshadowed by Green's flawed script, which wobbles awkwardly between art-house eccentricity and trite Hollywood sentimentality. 
very_good Serves as an incisive commentary on the extent to which we, as the modern audience, have learned to accept a certain contrived cleverness as the true evocation of love. 
good Girls isn't fabulous, but you do feel its characters really have connected. 
very_bad Too many scenes feel like actor's exercises in which characters assume unconventional positions and suffer bouts of spontaneous dancing. 
fair Paul Schneider, a buoyant young newcomer from North Carolina, is the No. 1 reason to see David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls. 
very_good A love story for dorks, and I mean that in the best possible way. 
fair An incredibly real story about first love -- not just realistic, but real -- and a heart-breaking but unyielding portrait of what happens when that emotional purity inevitably falls apart. 
good One of the few films to honestly nail the awkwardness and ardor of young romance. 
fair Mr. Green, with unabashed sincerity and exquisite tenderness, captures both the world-stopping intensity and the delicate absurdity of youthful longing. 
bad Like the confused young people whose tumultuous emotions it details, David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls is exhilarating as well as a little bit frustrating to spend time with. 
good From a Southern perspective, the movie's a true breath of fresh air. For once, we're treated to Southern characters who aren't gun-totin' rednecks with exaggerated accents. 
good A realistic portrayal of how first love resonates on its lucky people in a small southern town. 
bad This then is David Gordon Green's cinema - messy, frustrating, and fascinating, an ever-growing process towards something unknown. 
good A timeless portrait of two individuals' awkward, euphoric first encounter with love. 
bad Rather than tying together into a satisfying whole, the fragments seem to fly off in any number of directions, and a sweet, simple tale of young love dissolves into a mishmash. 
good Stunningly beautiful, but too intense for little kids. 
fair The very definition of harmless, watchable entertainment. Exactly whether or not that is good enough depends on who you are. 
good It's that rare kind of comedy -- simple humor based on personalities, behavior, and folly .... rather than forced through crass punchlines or annoying sidekicks. 
fair As with The Bear much of the plot is carried by animal photography, though this film has considerably more human plot. A good family film, and a moving experience. 
bad It's undoubtedly good-natured, old-fashioned family entertainment, but Two Brothers never quite manages to strike a successful balance between fantasy and reality. 
good The kind of movie that kids used to flock to on Saturday afternoons in the forties and fifties. 
good Although the lulled pacing of Two Brothers could put an insomniac in slumber land, the film's leading felines are more captivating than most high-paid Hollywood stars. 
very_good Watching Kumal and Sangha, some viewers may even be reminded of lines from Blake's famous poem 'The Tyger': 'What immortal hand or eye/Could frame thy fearful symmetry?' 
fair Teems with life and a rather beautiful simplicity when Annaud focuses squarely on the tiger cubs - but then the humans come crashing in to make a mess of things. 
bad I was put off by the way the movie anthropomorphizes the tigers. 
very_good Please take your family to see this rare and marvelous movie. 
very_bad The tigers are roaring but the movie is boring 
good [It's] a marvel of filmmaking. 
good This film is a pure delight and is great viewing for young and old alike. 
good Two Brothers features some amazing wildlife cinematography and those great, almost human performances by the thirty or so tigers that were used to make the film. 
bad There's something awfully disturbing about Two Brothers, and it's not the fact that Guy Pearce is in it. 
fair The rare family film that doesn't talk down to audiences, yet never as gripping or moving as one anticipates. 
fair The tiger cub actors are really precious. The same can't be said of the human actors or the script. 
very_good Yes, the animals are the stars. But there's nothing cutesy about "Two Brothers," an often saddening but entertaining tale with tigers as its stars. 
bad Pearce and the rest of the human actors seem to be an afterthought, but the film is beautiful, the grown tigers majestic and the cubs utterly adorable. 
bad The movie can be taken as quality children's entertainment ... But the film offers much more than that. 
good Impeccably well-crafted, kid-friendly and downright cuddly. 
bad A beautiful film, but it's also a troubled one. 
fair Two Brothers may not be a great movie, but it's an unusually diverting episode of Wild Kingdom. 
very_bad Brothers can't avoid the sappy Disney touches -- even though it comes from Universal. 
fair You don't have to be a cat-lover to fall in love with the cuddly young tigers who star in Two Brother. 
good Although special effects and careful editing pitch in, the wild-kingdom authenticity on display is an astonishing achievement. 
bad It is a good thing the tigers at the center of Two Brothers give such strong performances. Without them, the movie would be a lifeless bore. 
fair Two Brothers is the kind of movie that makes me optimistic for the future of family films. 
good Whenever Annaud focuses on the tigers, the wordless action is beautifully shot and amazing to watch. 
very_good A magnificent spectacle that transcends movie genres. 
fair Two Brothers is not as brilliant as Annaud's triumphant 1989 nature film The Bear, but it is still a magical family adventure. 
good An enjoyable, Kipling-esque adventure. 
good One of the better live-action, family-oriented dramas in recent memory. 
fair There is a lot in Two Brothers I admire. Families will not go wrong in attending this film. Some kids will think it's one of the best movies they've seen. My objections are of a sort that won't occur, I realize, to many of the viewers. 
good The human behavior in Brothers remains problematic, but the tiger siblings of the title rule the screen each time they appear. 
bad Jean-Jacques Annaud finds what comes across as genuine emotion and complex thought processes in the beautiful faces of his lead stars. 
fair The Bear was a little too cutesy for my taste, but director Jean-Jacques Annaud gets the tone right this time. 
good As he did with The Bear, Annaud captures expressions on the animals' faces, distinct looks in their eyes: fear, resignation, love, contentment, rage. 
bad It doesn't help the actors that the tigers have all the good lines. 
good Forget about all those fake CGI critters that have become the norm as of late ... Annaud's approach is so retro that it's practically progressive. 
bad Loses its 'family film' lustre with all the tiger killing/cruelty, but manages to redeem itself in the end...recommended only as a rental. 
bad Works best when showing the animals in nature, not dwelling on the cruelty they are forced to endure. There's an awful lot of tiger killing for an animal-lover movie. 
fair It's either a children's movie for adults or an adult movie for children, with scenes to dazzle kids and others that could make them fidgety, though never to 'I wanna go hoooomme' extremes. 
bad If you're familiar with [Annaud's] previous work you can accurately guess this venture's strengths and weaknesses. 
very_good When it comes to live-action animal dramas, no one does them quite like Jean-Jacques Annaud. 
very_good Director Jean-Jacques Annaud has done it again--a film that delights, saddens, gives hope and fully captures the spirit of the majestic tiger. 
bad A family-friendly movie made for the same audience that likes to imagine talking animals. 
fair It's refreshing to see an animal movie in which the animals don't talk, sing or cooperate in the marketing of fast-food restaurants. 
good [A] spectacularly beautiful movie. 
fair While The Bear was an admirable, simple, straightforward drama, Two Brothers has more the flavor of a childhood fable. 
good Two Brothers feeds your hunger for PETA-friendly entertainment without sending you into a diabetic coma. 
good Virtuoso examples of manipulative editing and fabricated narrative. 
best It's an unabashed feel-good film, but a surprisingly intelligent one that honestly earns each smile and every tender moment. 
good The animal action is often gripping and suspenseful. 
very_good There's something simple yet miraculous about watching these beautiful animals interact with the wild and each other, even if their actions are being manipulated for the sake of drama. 
fair Anyone older than 12 can figure out what's going to happen, but the movie still packs an emotional punch that will keep adults entertained as much as the young ones. 
fair Two Brothers is OK, but not the family friendly fare you think it is. 
good A fine example of one of cinema's most endangered species -- an animal movie with a great script. 
best An extraordinary film about two wild tigers and the human beings who are changed irreparably by their encounters with these magnificent and mysterious creatures. 
good Two Brothers is like a children's book come to life, and it's this summer's "family film" to beat. 
fair if you sided more with the tiger in the Siegfried and Roy mauling, this is definitely the film for you. 
bad Animal-loving kids will think it's lovely, but it's only a mildly diverting time-waster for the rest of us. 
fair A stunning, visually spectacular fable - and those wondrous little tiger cubs are irresistible. 
fair Its dramatic success seems to derive largely from putting the inhabitants of separate worlds into a context where both belong. 
good A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it. 
fair The actors play it straight, clearly aware that the tigers are the stars. 
bad For fans of swordplay, Kyoto Inferno provides plenty of one-on-one standoffs, meaty-but-elegant mass slashings and even a whiff of courtly love. 
bad A picture that thrives in its unique subverting of the typical action hero. 
very_bad It's entertaining in parts, but wildly overlong and narratively ill-disciplined. 
very_bad An 80-minute B-picture stifled under an extra hour's worth of expensive production design. 
very_bad This could have been a compelling movie about a wonderful writer, but instead it's a tedious, pointless mess. After spending over 2 hours with Arenas, I still knew nothing about him. Javier Bardem's great performance seemed to be a complete waste. 
best "Before Night Falls" exuberantly portrays a writer whose legacy remains an acutely observant childhood spirit that no perversion of politics could break. Javier Bardem blends the swagger of Robert Downey Jr. and the brooding of a young Al Pacino. 
fair despite a real commitment to Arenas and his work, the film just falls short. 
fair The cinematography is beautiful and clearly shows the director's artistic bent, but the storytelling is often disjointed. . . . Ultimately, Before Night Falls is more successful as a Javier Bardem showcase than a movie. 
bad [Bardem] simply does what the script calls for him to do, which is basically sustain a look of pain for two-hours plus. 
good Some may find Before Night Falls boring because of its episodic nature and its lack of a single, overriding plot. But Before Night Falls has some great qualities. 
best In uniting to honor Arenas, Bardem and Schnabel create something extraordinary. 
very_bad The film, clocking in at a mere two hours, feels much, much longer. 
good Sencillamente, una de las mejores y mas emotivas cintas del ano 
good Schnabel can take on an apparently spent genre like the biopic and produce a pair of films that ooze vitality as they give their subjects a much needed celebration. 
very_bad It seemed to exude more energy into its pretenses than the actual story. 
very_good Although it's sometimes slow-paced and mostly unassuming, Before Night Falls is the sort of movie that can change one's view of the world. 
very_good It's memorably etched in the viewer's mind through Bardem's complex portrait of a besieged but unbowed man. 
good The main reason to see Before Night Falls is Bardem, one of the few modern actors with real animal appeal and the guts to show it. 
fair A trip to the bookstore to pick up Arenas' memoirs might be a better decision than seeking out this miscalculated character drama. 
fair Paints Arenas as little more than an abstract, idealized vision. 
very_good Arenas is not presented as a cliche, as the heroic gay artist crushed by totalitarian straightness, but as a man who might have been approximately as unhappy no matter where he was born. 
bad More a collection of half-formed images than any kind of a proper story. 
good Before Night Falls is successful because of their skill at composing and portraying the film's primary focus. It's just a shame that Schnabel neglects to fill in the rest of the portrait. 
good Spain's Javier Bardem gives an undeniably dynamic lead performance that lifts this labor of love over its incessant downer premise. 
fair Anyone expecting a hard-hitting biography will be disappointed by Julian Schnabel's soft-edged, dreamy and relatively nonpolitical film. 
good Redolent of atmosphere and rapturously cinematic, Before Night Falls has a gift for creating visual mood that's so strong you'd swear it couldn't last -- but you'd be wrong. 
good Bardem's performance is simply shattering. 
good What drives this engrossing biography is the potent but subtle, complex, intimate and magnetic portrayal of the author by Javier Bardem. 
good An intriguing and sporadically powerful motion picture with a stellar central performance. 
very_bad All this is well and good, it's just rather boring. 
bad We are invited to let the film wash over us, but its disjointed amateurism prevents that from happening with much success. 
good You may leave the theater with the impression that quite a few documentaries would profit from deleting the talking heads in favor of an authentic dramatization such as Schnable's. 
bad awkward story; it is just not very involving 
good Convincingly shows how freedom is the air that writers must breathe in order to fully express their creative souls. 
good The film has some great imagery. 
very_good A valuable film because it tells a tale of Cuban struggle and hardship of a type that we surprisingly don't see that often in film. 
good If Before Night Falls doesn't give us Arenas's life as he actually experienced it, it offers penetrating glimpses into his life as he may have dreamed it. 
best Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry. 
good The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer. 
very_good The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims. 
bad It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours. 
bad Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage. 
very_bad Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable... 
fair This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new. 
fair the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey. 
good The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist. 
bad A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?). 
fair Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work. 
best Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position. 
best It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking. 
bad It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes. 
good Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath. 
good A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard. 
very_bad However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring. 
bad It's slow but atmospheric and memorable. 
best Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own. 
best It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin. 
bad Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days. 
good This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved. 
good It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes. 
good Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall. 
bad Snowtown brings cold comfort. 
good 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint... 
good Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror. 
good Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer. 
good Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down. 
fair This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil. 
best Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made. 
very_good Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced. 
good A gut-wrenching authenticity and damaged grace that cannot be denied. 
fair Snowtown is an extreme exercise in Australian miserablism designed to demonstrate how toxic ideas spread like a plague in vulnerable communities to manifest in the most horrific way possible. 
good Few films can rightfully claim to offer its audience the opportunity to spend a couple hours in the bowels of hell, but Justin Kurzel might as well print up t-shirts saying as much to promote his feature film debut, Snowtown. 
best An incredible piece of cinema and a devastating, poetic work of storytelling, Snowtown is unmissable. 
fair Uncompromising and distressing, Snowtown delves into the grizzly events of Australia's worst serial murders, while exploring the slippery slope of vigilante justice within a community left to the wolves. 
fair Sitting through Snowtown is a kind of torture in itself. This isn't really a movie you enjoy watching; it's a movie you subject yourself to and must endure. 
bad A mildly intriguing, yet ultimately detached and pitiless portrait of psychopathy. 
fair Snowtown mines similar territory to Rowan Woods' seminal The Boys, in its exploration of very bad deeds born of pressure cooker family dysfunction and machismo. 
good a curiously-underloved film... Awakenings will get a re-evaluation in the wake of Williams' passing, and that's great. It's just a tragedy it took a tragedy to precipitate it. 
good Nonfunny Robin Williams role in moving story. 
very_good A beautifully moving, life-affirming true story. 
bad Tour-de-force performances and one memorable storyline 
bad I remember this film, which I saw 13 years ago, as a squishy article redeemed by two strong performances; I am not inclined to go back for a second opinion. 
good Moving and over-sentimental - but Marshall's best film. 
good Solid medical drama. Williams is terrific in a straight role. 
very_bad Utter goo. 
bad Moving and well-acted. 
bad The beginning of Robin Williams' belief that being 'nice' equals cinematic brilliance. A mixed bag that received more acclaim than it should have. 
bad A decent film that thinks it's more important than it actually is. 
fair Pitch-perfect performances rescue a potentially melodramatic affair. 
good Whatever its virtues and flaws, "Fifi" performs the vital service of acquainting the world with an artist who deserves - despite his own dismissal of such notions - world recognition, if not immortality. 
bad Farahani's direction is artfully suggestive but also, at moments, oblique; she seems to think that she's making a Godardian essay-film. 
very_good Brilliant, loving, and as intensely political as any of Mohassess' paintings or sculptures, Fifi Howls from Happiness celebrates connection as much as it reveals isolation, dedication alongside outrage. 
good An enlightening documentary chronicling the career of the Persian Picasso. 
good Though he does it with a grin, Mohassess rages against the dying of the light as well as many of the things the world presented him with during his life. 
bad A documentary about an arrogant and weird Iranian artist living in exile in Rome. 
best The film rarely leaves the subject's Rome apartment, yet it never feels static. 
bad Fifi's only major shortcoming is the visual indifference that hobbles many of Farahani's shots... but demanding she tighten up her editing feels like an inconsequential request in the face of a portrayal this thunderously personal. 
very_good Mitra Farahani rescues the doc from becoming a talking-head fest by embracing her creative self as a character and exposing the travails of her own authorship process. 
bad Fifi Howls from Happiness avoids all of the typical problems that hurt documentaries about artists, but director Mitra Faharani doesn't quite manage to make it one of the best, either. 
terrible Dylan Dog: Dead Of Night is a fun comedy/horror whodunnit with a supernatural twist. It delivers plenty of movie fun too, just like those campy 80's monster flicks. 
very_bad Fun performances from Routh and Huntington can't make up for an extremely convoluted and mostly soulless story -- even when there's a giant zombie running around. 
very_bad A pointless, very loose adaptation of the popular Italian comic that plays like a bad episode of Buffy. 
bad Dylan Dog works best when it has fun with P.I. conventions; when the monsters take over, it goes downhill. 
terrible The movie wants to be a combination film noir and horror comedy, but the timing is all off and the performances are flat across the board. 
bad the whole shebang plays out like a twisted Murder She Wrote episode 
bad ...a disappointingly lifeless adaptation... 
terrible Entirely derivative and utterly wretched. 
terrible There's one fight scene involving a rope and a pulley that briefly lifts the general torpor, but as soon as that's over, it's back to snoozeville. 
terrible Everybody else will have a better time revisiting Monster Squad or falling asleep. 
terrible Even if the whole vampires vs. werewolves thing hadn't already been done to un-death by True Blood and the Twilight and Underworld franchises, Dylan Dog would still be a crushingly dull 107 minutes. 
very_bad For having such an inspired start, the movie feels oddly uninspired. 
terrible Director Munroe is clearly a fan and attempted his best on an admittedly limited budget, but some things just don't translate that well. 
very_bad The story is even staler (and the production cheesier) than the jokes ... 
very_bad It's not so much that Dylan Dog is bad -- certainly nowhere near as bad as is being claimed -- it's that it's so completely inconsequential. 
terrible Out of nowhere comes Brandon Routh and into nowhere he returns. 
very_bad If you are looking for a great horror comedy as a quick fix, check out THE FRIGHTENERS, BEETLEJUICE or even the cinematic take on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, you'll be a happier and healthier person for it. 
terrible Anne Rice meets R.L. Stine. No, that's not a compliment. 
terrible In the future, filmmakers will once again produce fun, entertaining and original films about vampires, werewolves and zombies. But until then, Dylan Dog: Dead of Night argues for a moratorium on movies about these three terrible creatures. 
bad While he's fine playing bemused and beleaguered, Routh can't muster the edginess that Dylan is also meant to have. Diggs looks fabulous, but has his own problems with the dangerous stuff. 
bad has the overriding sense of going through the motions, with only a few moments of genuinely effective humor 
terrible With terrible acting, a narrative on autopilot and chaotic blurs passing for action scenes, it's a direct-to-DVD caliber sojourn through the dregs of comic book adaptation. 
terrible Brings vampires, werewolves, zombies, detective noir and spoofy comedy together for a murky genre gumbo with barely any flavor. 
bad Don't worry if you're not familiar with the obscure source material. There are plenty of other sources of disappointment to be found in director Kevin Munroe's B-movie mess. 
terrible As the title character, Routh has to carry the movie with bravado and charm, appearing in most every scene, narrating in the style of a hundred film noir private eyes. And he just doesn't have it. 
bad Rather than a wolf in sheep's clothing, Teen Wolf is basically a standard 80s teen flick in werewolf's clothing. 
fair It's often ridiculous, and filled with '80s cheese, but Teen Wolf does harbor some poignant coming-of-age metaphors and decent helping of intentional, and unintentional, comedy. 
bad corny but endearing 
very_bad Classic 80s teen flick. Ow-wooo! 
terrible Forgettable formulaic comedy. 
bad Lots of fun. Michael J.Fox is hilarious! 
good Great aerial stunts, good period atmosphere, and compelling story with Redford in good form. 
bad It is a shame that the Academy ignores so many brilliant documentaries (Hoop Dreams) while nominating high-minded, but bland ones like Mandella. 
fair Director Nesher has a way of reducing each confrontation to its two-dimensional essence, and he's not helped by a swampy, sentimental musical score. 
fair The Secrets twines coming-out, coming-of-age and coming-to-terms-with-Orthodoxy in a way that diminishes all three -- and dilutes its message with cliches. 
fair There is pain and empowerment in The Secrets as difficult choices are made. There are also gaps, but emotionally moving performances by Ardant, Bukstein and Shtamler in particular, keep you with this small but provocative film until the end. 
very_good In some ways, it is a traditional narrative. But it is more. It is gently and powerfully acted. 
good The Secrets belongs in a mini-tradition of involving films that limn the border where spiritual and sexual awakenings collide and entwine. 
bad Each of the three primary directions of the movie might make a fascinating film, but tied together, they never cohere, and you find yourself sitting through two long hours wondering why you are doing so. 
fair For a film with an aim as ambitious and illusive as the depiction of the spiritual, The Secrets has a surprisingly light touch. 
best It speaks to the courage and resilience of one man, the savagery of many, and the potential, for both good and for ill, in us all. 
good It is so fluent and so certain -- both in its humanism and its depiction of institutionalised savagery. 
very_good Given the subject matter of the film, it's unsurprising to say that 12 Years a Slave is moving, but it's a testament to the filmmaking just how devastating the experience of watching it actually is. 
best 12 Years A Slave is a powerful, moving and intelligently unsentimental tale that is engrossing and memorable. 
best Yes, we've all been enlightened unto the depletive hell that was the era of American slavery. But perhaps never, at least through cinema, have we been placed so vividly among the human beings who suffered through it. 
good McQueen depicts the horrific experiences of Solomon Northup, the free man kidnapped and sold into slavery, in utterly unflinching fashion. The film's strength lies in its frankness and avoidance of either sentimentality or Quentin Tarantino-style irony. 
bad The crux of 12 Years a Slave's power comes back to Chiwetel Ejiofor. What a great, touching, tenacious performance. 
good 12 Years a Slave is the clearest view of slavery I've seen onscreen. 
best McQueen directs with a total lack of sentiment, crafting each sequence with a merciless forward momentum that compensates for the episodic nature of the narrative. 
terrible In its own saintly manner, it's as exploitative as anything critics accused Django Unchained of being, minus Tarantino's eye for idiosyncrasy and sense of humor. 
best As hard-hitting as this is, though, it's the muted sense of outrage and injustice coursing through every fibre of Solomon's being that lingers longest, ensuring 12 Years a Slave triumphs as a human story about an inhuman institution. 
good The film tells an irresistibly powerful story, in a way that does not shirk the horror. It is unbearable to watch at times, but that is as it should be. 
best The film is beautifully underplayed with an emotional undercurrent that gradually builds an accumulative force, before all of that anger and sorrow finally explodes to the surface in an unforgettable final scene. 
best Filled with astonishing, gut-wrenching performances, it brings Northup's stunning story to life in a deeply-affecting way. 
bad A film that, despite its surface simplicity, proves to be riven with contradictions to the point of incoherence. 
good Whilst 12 Years may lack the grandiose scale of Amistad, McQueen's ability to extract tension and provide insight into the evil nature of men during a dark period in America's history, makes for compelling viewing. 
good As with Schindler's List, you won't want to be munching a bucket of popcorn through this. 
very_good Screenwriter John Ridley takes a story that's episodic in nature and crafts a narrative that manages to build in intensity and emotion for over two hours. 
best This isn't simply an important movie, but a dose of brutal truth that must be confronted, and done so with absolute certainty. 
best Lupita Nyong'o is the emotional epicenter of the entire film. 
best An uncompromising look at slavery in the Antebellum South. Anchored by career-defining performances by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Lupita Nyong'o, director Steve McQueen brings his assured directorial mind to a harrowing, but necessary picture. 
good Much of it is difficult to watch, but '12 Years a Slave' is that rare film that's both important in its message and a darned good film all the same. 
fair While the praise for 12 Years a Slave has been rather overblown, it's still a recommendable film due to its incredible cast, which helps cover up its weaknesses. 
best This is a truly impressive piece of filmmaking. 
best O que nos torna racistas nao e o preconceito que exercemos de maneira ativa, mas a intolerancia contra as mais diversas minorias que simplesmente nos mostramos incapazes de perceber. 
very_good An unflinching, uncomfortable and entirely necessary modern classic. 
best There is a reason that Slave has topped the best of list of 25 major film critics and won the Golden Globe for Best Picture. Miss it at your own loss. 
best Using dialogue sparsely and shocking images relentlessly, McQueen's movie brilliantly explores the implications and legacy of slavery, and debunks some of its more cherished myths. 
best Minds will be opened, perhaps even changed by what they see (and indeed, feel) here. 
very_good The film imparts the casual cruelty of slavery with full force without having to resort to graphic portrayals of on-screen brutality. The film certainly has those, but they are sporadic, well-judged and serve the larger story of a man starved of freedom. 
good It may well be the greatest film ever made about slavery, but that says more about the movie world than the work itself. 
good In its portrayal of violence and spectatorship, it stays in the mind. 
very_good The fortuitously named [Steve McQueen] follows up his previous pictures Hunger and Shame with this similarly pit-of-the-stomach venturing, queasy-making drama 
best Ejiofor proves himself a master of physical understatement, the clench of his teeth and slightest parting of the lips speaking volumes. 
fair This is a terrifically well-intended and necessarily difficult movie to watch: but I'm not entirely convinced McQueen has delivered quite the masterpiece some would suggest it is. 
best A tale of suffering, endurance, courage and abiding humanity about a freeborn man kidnapped and sold into slavery, which packs all the more wallop for the elegance with which it's made. 
best Ejiofor projects extraordinary integrity, even nobility - and he holds the camera magnificently. It's a deeply inward, deeply felt performance, surely a cert for one of the many Oscars this film must win. 
best The American South's "peculiar institution" has, it seems, become a fit topic for narrative cinema. And it only took a century. 
best 12 Years a Slave proves McQueen's formal prowess and, more significantly, his utter seriousness as a dramatist. 
very_good Much more than a film about 19th century slavery in America, this sharply well-told true story has a lot to say about the world we live in today. 
bad There's little doubt that this painfully authentic adaptation of former slave Solomon Northup's memoir is an important film. But it is not an easy one to sit through. 
best It does what great cinema should do: takes you on an extraordinary journey and make you feel grateful to be alive. 
best 12 Years a Slave isn't simply a masterpiece, it's a milestone. This, at last, really is history written with lightning. 
best The whole film breathes with reality, even while the bayou landscapes are infernalised, surrealised, by a terrible beauty of vision. 
best A flat-out masterpiece, a magnificent, uncompromising and emotionally devastating slavery drama with a superb script, stunning direction and an extraordinary central performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor. 
good One of Britain's greatest living filmmakers offers an outraged, intense and artful examination of American slavery. 
best A relentless, raw and visceral condemnation of a viciously racist regime that condemned its victims to a life of hard labour with random cruelties thrown in and justified by a skewed interpretation of the Old Testament. 
best McQueen's previous films were called Hunger and Shame; there is plenty of both in this almost unwatchably shocking and violent film. 
best The cumulative emotional effect is devastating: the final scenes are as angry, as memorable, as overwhelming as anything modern cinema has to offer. 
best The violence is starkly pictured by McQueen, lingering on black skin torn apart to reveal milky white flesh and, of course, red blood. 
good Falling between the twin pillars of the art house and prestige period flick, 12 Years A Slave is history lesson as horror film, powerful, visceral and affecting. 
best In a film brimming with great performances -- including Fassbender as the ruthless Epps, and Nyong'o's star-making work as the tormented Patsey -- Ejiofor's portrayal of Northup shines. 
good 12 Years a Slave remains an important film, if nothing else for the fact that these are not anonymous characters created for Hollywood storytelling, but one man's remarkable story that puts a face on history. 
best These people are presented as they must have seemed at the time, even to themselves; there's no sense of a 21st-century actor sending out subtle I'm-not-really-like-this signals. 
very_good While Nature/Fate/God can perform apparent wickedness without conscience, neither hold a candle to man. 
very_good Punishing, relentless, terrible and necessary 
best The year's best film, this drama is a cinematic achievement and will be impossible to forget. 
very_good This is an extraordinary film. 
very_good I find [McQueen] extraordinary and I thought also what it was really about was the concept of man as a chattel. 
best Shooting the travesties at an artistic remove as if he were observing slavery as a mechanism, McQueen's lush, foreboding compositions don't get in the way of the soul-crushing story. 
best So very artfully fiddling while America burns 
best If 12 Years a Slave sounds like a brutal viewing experience then you'd be right, but in eschewing sentimentality and striving for honesty in the storytelling it is also a powerful, essential drama. 
best The feel terrible film of 2013, but for a very good reason 
best Unflinching, excruciating direction from McQueen; arresting and affective performances from Chiwetel Ejiofor, Lupita Nyong'o & Michael Fassbender; John Ridley's adaption of this shamefully true story is epic; 12 Years a Slave is extraordinary. 
best One of this year's must-see films, this is not simply a worthy tribute of a subject too often ignored by Hollywood; it's also a remarkable piece of cinema in its own right. 
very_good Like Steven Spielberg's LINCOLN from last year, and for which this is a good companion piece, this film is required viewing to understand the United States as it was 
best Some movies are 'must-see,' but '12 Years a Slave' goes beyond that to 'deserves to be seen' status. The film, which tells a true story, is a rarity that pulls no punches about the hellishness of slavery. 
best avoids an easy sense of moralizing and propels us deep into the characters' experiences 
best Through a rich, grueling portrait of the machinery of institutionalized slavery, it asks us to examine the rotten core of slavery and how it permeates our entire culture, not just to ponder life in the 1840s. 
good Horrifying. Riveting. Must see. 
fair Good, but not as great as it should have been. 
best The film of the decade. 
best 12 Years a Slave isn't always easy to sit through, but it is most definitely a vital and profound motion picture. 
best Not only the most powerful movie yet produced about our national shame but also the rare film about history and race that does not seek to absolve, comfort or flatter the mass audience it aspires to reach. 
good With relentlessly calm intensity, it depicts the institution as a machine - a pitiless mechanism that's countered with pitiless direction from filmmaker Steve McQueen. 
good ...meticulously made, sporadically captivating, and yet palpably overlong... 
best The stunning and tragic true story of a free black man sold into slavery in the pre-Civil War South, 12 Years a Slave is guttural, raw, and necessary to the moment, the kind of film that merits critical accolades and industry trophies. 
best 12 Years a Slave Devastating and Memorable 
best Raw emotion manifest...not easily forgotten, as it should be. 
very_good Beautifully made and stylish to no end -- even elegant. With an assured hand, McQueen has captured the uncomfortable juxtaposition of natural beauty and unnatural ugliness. 
bad 12 Years a Slave is not a game. 
very_good Knowing the story's outcome does nothing to lessen the potency of what's shown on screen, largely because of the courageous manner in which McQueen holds certain shots as if he's daring us to look away for even a second. 
very_good Ejiofor's performance is the heart and soul of the movie. He is transformed from a carefree and happy family man to a downtrodden individual who has the hope for rescue continually quashed or beaten out of him. 
bad 12 Years a Slave doesn't add much to the ongoing conversation about slavery but it's a well-made meditation about a man who endures a terrifying journey. 
best The extraordinary 12 Years a Slave thrusts its lead character (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and the audience into slavery's moral and psychological morass more fully and directly than any movie before it. 
very_good Brutal yet elegant, 12 Years a Slave is a beautifully rendered punch to the gut about the most shameful chapter in American history. 
good By forcing his audience to watch, passively, for minute after minute, McQueen makes us all complicit. It's the scene that no American has been able to produce because it's void of heroism, and shows us slavery as a mere means of doing business. 
best It is not an angry movie or a judgmental one, and this just-the-facts approach brings home the heartbreaking reality of slavery in America. 
best Not the first (and most certainly will not be the last) film to tackle the subject of America's shameful history of slavery, but it often feels like the first real one. 
very_good This is a nightmare of a film, but an unforgettable one. 
best "12 Years a Slave" is essential because its raw impact is unrivaled. 
good Exceedingly well-crafted and brilliantly acted by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender, McQueen's go-to star, the movie is harrowing, intense and important. 
best British director Steve McQueen and American screenwriter John Ridley adapt Solomon Northup's meticulous slave narrative into a masterpiece of clear-eyed historical drama. 
best It provokes recognition in us of the very heart of darkness. It makes the unimaginable imaginable. 
best "12 Years a Slave" isn't easy to watch, and it shouldn't be; it's one man's tragedy, but it's also the tragedy of countless thousands of souls beaten down, literally and metaphorically. 
best The film is both brutal to watch and stunning to contemplate, powerfully challenging audiences - particularly white audiences - to examine their consciences. 
best Slavery is revealed for the unrelenting horror that it was. About time. 
very_good It's a tough movie to watch but a rewarding and thoughtful one. 
very_good A graphically violent portrayal of the treatment of people trapped in human bondage before the Civil War, as well as a disturbing portrait of the perversity that festered in slaveholders. 
best One of the best and most courageous films of the year. 
best 12 Years a Slave is admirable, important, and serious filmmaking that is antithetical to what most people think of as entertainment. While it might not be perfect, it demands and deserves your attention. 
best 12 Years a Slave is at times difficult to watch but always impossible to turn away from. 
very_good The film succeeds by simply, plainly placing audiences in the emotional crucible of pre-abolition America and firing their imaginations. 
very_good The film wants to hurt you, knows you are terrified of what it will show you, then shows you way more than you bargained for. 
good Provocative yet well made drama. 
best This is not medicine for America to swallow; it's filmmaking of the highest caliber. 
best McQueen makes the theater drapes melt away, immersing audiences in a story that will make them feel like witnesses to history. 
best But make no mistake, this is Ejiofor's show, and he commands it utterly from minute one. 
best The film hits like a sledgehammer, in part because it suggests that films about slavery are rare because we are guilty of burying the shameful aspects of our history. 
fair Though Solomon Northupp's story is one that deserves to be told, it could have benefited from a little restraint. 
good Imperfect but must-see epic drama with major cruelty. 
best 12 Years a Slave is an outstanding triumph in filmmaking since it's so unbelievably captivating yet will leave you feeling so undeniably uncomfortable as it takes pride in ripping your mortality to shreds over the course of two hours. 
best But the much talked-about 12 Years a Slave is more than a beautifully shot art piece. It's history made violently real. 
best Other movies and books have gone here, but few so far and with such overwhelming clarity of purpose. 
good Ejiofor brings imposing physicality and intimidating intellect to the role, and thus Northup poses a threat to his enemies -- even if they can't articulate it as such. 
very_good The film offers a formidable indictment of the cruelty of which human beings are capable. 
best With this powerful, almost classical drama, British director Steve McQueen has made the seminal film about slavery that Hollywood feared to tackle. 
very_good A gripping drama and immaculate depiction of human suffering and strength. 
best Some might dread its violence, but in its truth in showing us the American slavery experience, 12 Years a Slave is glorious in its brutality. It's required viewing for all Americans and a vital universal lesson about man's inhumanity to man. 
very_good So raw and distressing is this historical account of a true-life American slave, it's tempting to turn away from the screen. Or maybe just cover your eyes for a few minutes of respite. Try not to. 
best Stands a good chance of ending up the definitive American film about slavery. 
best ...a masterpiece. 
good Brutal, harrowing, powerful and exceptionally well-acted. Worth seeing but not for those with weak stomachs. Director Steve McQueen doesn't spare the viewer. 
very_good Ejiofor gives the audience more emotion with a glance than most actors could muster with an entire page of dialogue. 
good This movie could be a useful classroom tool for those studying America's shameful slavery days. 
good This is a tremendously powerful drama that simultaneously highlights the human capacity for cruelty and for resilience, bolstered by an extraordinary, wrenching performance from Ejiofor. 
very_good Many viewers will likely have a hard time sitting through it. Watching it is necessary, though, and hugely rewarding. The results aren't just supremely fine, but an example of important moviemaking transcending art as entertainment. 
very_good McQueen brings urgency to the subject by depicting it with a documentarian's precision; there's no false hope, only despair, in this portrait of humanity at its worst. 
best 12 Years a Slave, British director Steve McQueen's antebellum Southern drama, sets a new standard in realistically depicting American slavery. 
very_good "12 Years a Slave" is a somber, meditative, almost poetic film that delivers the horrors of bondage stripped down and head-on. 
very_good "12 Years" is a tour de force, just one of the most unpleasant ones you will ever see. 
best A brutally powerful and emotionally devastating film that takes great pains to rip any lingering vestiges of romanticism from America's most shameful institution. 
best Remarkable. 
very_good Director McQueen's now signature techniques are on full display here. In Ejiofor, McQueen finds another gifted actor that embraces hard and emotive story-telling. 
best [T]he most important achievement of this staggering film is how acutely and precisely [McQueen] depicts the psychological cruelty... 
best The most powerful movie I never want to see again. This is not a film meant to entertain or be enjoyed, but rather provide the most unflinching, rawest portrayal of slavery ever put to film and McQueen accomplishes that masterfully. 
very_good 12 Years A Slave is more than just one of the best movies of the year, it stands alongside Roots as a significant cinematic contribution to this country's never ending discussion about slavery. 
best The harrowing 12 Years a Slave is a mesmerizing period drama for the ages. 
best McQueen doesn't go in for a lot of flash edits or self-conscious visual flourishes to put viewers at ease; rather, he invites the audience to sit with him as he gazes, amazed, at man's inhumanity to man ... 
best A film this good, and this quietly distinctive in its style, is always welcome. 
best A harrowing, unforgettable drama that doesn't look away from the reality of slavery and, in so doing, helps us all fully, truly confront it. 
best "12 Years a Slave" works on so many levels -- some topical, some timeless -- that it's almost impossible to count them. 
very_good There are horrors aplenty in Steve McQueen's blistering, cold-eyed epic of slavery. 
best 12 Years a Slave is not easy to watch, but it is perfectly constructed to present a sense of time and place, to show rather than tell the evil of it. 
best It's an important subject given a realistic, respectful treatment without diminishing the cruelty and the inhumane nature of institutionalized slavery. 
good The sheer power of the performances capably transport viewers to a place that most of us can't even comprehend. 
best You won't be able to tuck this powder keg in the corner of your mind and forget it. What we have here is a blistering, brilliant, straight-up classic. 
best A raw, powerful film that matters, but watching it doesn't feel like work. If this movie ever appears on a syllabus, students will look forward to class. 
best This harrowing story of the worst of humanity is deceptively simple and straightforward. 12 Years a Slave is an essential film for all to see. 
fair 12 Years a Slave is possibly the best horror film of the year, but it's a disappointing drama. 
best The film truly belongs to Ejiofor, whose big, soulful eyes seem to register so many things at once: Shock, pain, grit, determination, abject despair at times, cautious hope at others - and always, dignity. 
very_good [McQueen's] film is a tough, soul-sickening, uncompromising work of art that makes certain that when viewers talk about the evils of slavery, they know its full dimension. 
best If the best films hold you in a captive vise, entertain you, keep you spellbound and teach you something at the same time, then 12 Years a Slave is outstanding-brave, courageous and unforgettable. 
best Brave performances throughout this magnificent film. 
best It's clear from the start that this movie isn't content to simply be viewed. The picture stares back. 
best 12 Years A Slave is an ambitious endeavor. 
good Brutal and relentless, it's hard to recommend 12 Years a Slave whole-heartedly even though it's incredibly well directed and acted across the board. 
best The best picture of the year. 
very_good An ultimately cold experience, but one that must be seen. 
good Savage, uncompromising and gruesomely cringe-inducing, this true tale will shock you and anger you, but it may also touch you very deeply. 
very_good 12 Years A Slave will beat you down emotionally, scene after scene, without any mercy - but that's just a testament to the brilliant direction, transformation-like performances, and unapologetic storytelling. 
best A sobering slave narrative recounting a recorded, real-life case of inhuman bondage. 
good There's none of Django Unchained's revenge fantasies or tomfoolery here, only a sober depiction of the cruelty and oppression that defined a long and very ugly chapter of American history. 
best A sobering drama about racism and slavery that will sear your soul and set you thinking about the shadow side of American history. 
good The drooping Spanish moss is about the only visual icon that this film shares with Gone With the Wind. 
best In many ways, Northrup, an educated free man, is the ideal avatar for the modern audience. He, like us, does not come to slavery naturally or easily. 
best Believe the Oscar buzz. Britain's Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame) nails the horror of America's slavery shame but also finds humanity in one man's determination to free himself and return to his family. 
bad Steve McQueen's impersonal approach to his subject matter isn't solely to blame for the failure of 12 Years a Slave, a safely anecdotal mosaic closer in spirit to Edward P. Jones's The Known World than to Toni Morrison's radically constructed Beloved. 
best It's a story that transcends the typical expectations of the slave narrative, a story that indeed isn't about a slave but a man, a human being, fighting for his soul. 
good This magnificent, shocking work is likely to become a sort of reference text about the horrors of one of the darkest chapters in America's history. 
best ...refuses to take the easy road. 
best It's the nobility of this remarkable film that pierces the soul. 
best Stark, visceral and unrelenting, 12 Years a Slave is not just a great film but a necessary one. 
very_good A film that will no doubt come to be known as the definitive movie on slavery in America. It's something everyone should be obligated to see, as it conveys the nightmare of that period in a real, affecting, personal way. 
best This might just be one of the most powerful films you ever watch 
fair Hunger and Shame were mimetic where 12 Years a Slave is diegetic. 
fair easy to sympathize with 
good The film's greatest asset is Sibille's slow-burning performance Santiago, a man whose nature and aspirations are fundamentally at odds. 
good Pietro Sibille is exceptional as Santiago, and the rest of the cast turn in dynamic performances. 
good Dias de Santiago zeros in on the disconnect between one man's sense of entitlement and the unforgiving realities of life in contemporary Lima. 
very_bad What's Your Number? isn't necessary as a romantic comedy should be. It goes for the cheap way out at every turn and uses Faris as a punching bag for acquiring jokes. 
very_bad Too similar to, and inferior to, "Bridesmaids" 
fair While Faris is her usual, lovably offbeat self, she ultimately fights a losing battle against formula. 
terrible Sometimes, underneath a film's 'R' rating for sexual content and foul language, lies a core of sweetness and warmth. Unfortunately, for the unsuspecting viewer who is used to the quality of, say, Judd Apatow comedies, this is not one of those films. 
very_bad The film's satirical jabs at people addicted to Facebook and Twitter raises a few smiles in what is otherwise a straight-to-cinemas DVD release. 
fair There is something really attractive about Anna Faris as Ally, she has that mesmerizing mobile mouth that distracts but her presence is actually totally winning. She's a klutz but a loveable one. 
bad Still, it's hard to dislike any vehicle for Faris -- the slob's Marilyn Monroe -- with her gift for dejection and her pliable face, which is like a hastily drawn cartoon. 
terrible If anything, it feels like 'What's Your Number?' is the worst version of what 'Bridesmaids' could have been. It just doesn't heart, and every joke feels completely forced and obvious. 
bad The film isn't great, but Faris is. 
bad Like recent rom-com Friends with Benefits, it's the chemistry of the two leads that keeps it afloat. They just deserve better material to flirt around. 
very_bad Anna Faris can be cute and funny in the bubbly, ditzy, Goldie Hawn manner - as she proved in The House Bunny - but she's mostly shrill and irritating in lame chick flick What's Your Number 
terrible In spite of efforts to instill in our young women the notion that self-worth shouldn't be measured by her ability to attract a husband, filmmakers continue to craft comedy from that very outmoded belief. 
bad Faris is a rare talent: beautiful as a porcelain doll with the comic instincts of a first-rate clown ... 
terrible ...less an exercise in bad taste than in bad filmmaking. 
very_bad A predictable by-the-numbers screwball farce that doesn't add up to entertaining fun. 
terrible A prime example of romantic-comedy by the numbers. 
terrible This is smarmy and sentimental. And repugnant, starting with the premise. 
good A wonderfully funny comedy that shows young women in their real environment, competing with themselves. 
very_bad Hilarity fails to ensue and the film's reactionary sexual politics make it harder to root for its protagonists' inevitable hook-up. 
very_bad Another raunchy comedy; another turned off audience 
very_bad Feels less like a showcase for its star than just another glossy barrier holding back her potential. 
bad Not terribly shocking, but if you've seen the trailer, you've already witnessed some of the funniest moments in the film. 
terrible Raunchy romcom promotes double standards, stereotypes. 
terrible What's Your Number? Dumb question. And an even dumber movie. 
terrible This raunchy, smutty female comedy adds up to very little. 
fair Anna Faris is cute and funny. I only wish the movie lived up to her charms. 
bad Were this film made with Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey, it would be excruciating. But Faris and Evans make it surprisingly enjoyable. 
terrible Evans does have legitimate movie-star charm and charisma, but you kind of get the feeling that What's Your Number? might be Faris' last at-bat in a leading role. 
very_bad [Faris] and Evans deserve better than a string of rom-com cliches, including the surprise date in a closed sports arena. Unless you're Justin Beiber and Selena Gomez, it couldn't happen to you. 
very_bad Another regrettable entry in the ongoing Hollywood saga of "When bad movies happen to good people." 
bad Once again Anna Faris manages to be the best thing in another not very good Anna Faris movie. 
bad There are some laughs here, no question, but it seems to take every ounce of Faris' comic ability to keep the story moving forward. 
terrible To answer the question, 'What's Your Number?,' I'm thinking 'zero.' As in the amount of time and money that filmgoers should spend on this cellu-void. 
bad Stupefyingly formulaic. 
bad For all its edge, What's Your Number? is rooted in stale convention, boxed in by unfair societal strictures and holds to the belief that good girls still need the affirmation of a man and marriage to be complete. 
terrible A pale excuse for a chick flick that should look even more ghostly in light of the similarly-themed and far-superior Bridesmaids earlier this year. 
very_bad It is difficult to recall a film in which the word "vagina" is used so often. But it seems that the female characters in this rom-com have little else to commend them than their sexual organs. 
very_bad This comedy is empty. 
terrible There's just zilch here to get excited about. It does nothing you haven't seen before. 
bad What's the point of all this? 
terrible It's a cynical exercise in marketing, masquerading as a maverick. 
bad That "Number" works at all, and I should add it's pleasant enough and has a few amusing moments, is due entirely to the resourceful Faris. 
very_bad For the most part, What's Your Number? plays like a bottom-of-the-barrel sitcom that has absolutely no basis in reality... 
terrible I am worried any movie playing in an adjoining theater might get herpes. 
bad Note to Hollywood: Just because films like "The Hangover" and "Bridesmaids" were successful doesn't mean that having characters yell "Vagina" every few minutes is funny. It usually isn't. 
very_bad What's Your Number? has a major comic obstacle in the fact that its protagonist approaches her search to find Mr. Right in a constant state of denial. 
bad It's deeply frustrating, made all the worse since Anna Faris is clearly trying her hardest with substandard material. 
bad Ranks higher in crudity than in the number of laughs generated. 
terrible He is borderline evil, and she is a completely helpless, flailing fool, and there's no reason to think they would stay together for a month. 
terrible "What's Your Number?" doesn't know when to quit. Once it subsides into squishy wedding pornography, it is all but unendurable. 
very_bad What's Your Number? doesn't appear to get Anna Faris, which is its loss. 
bad A not very good romantic comedy made somewhat bearable by Faris. 
bad It doesn't matter that Faris is in on the joke - it still steamrolls over her. 
bad It's very silly and cheesy, and the opening gag is unfortunately the same as the one that starts Bridesmaids, but there is something puppyishly likable in this romantic comedy... 
bad "What's Your Number?" suffers from an elaborate plot that traps the actors in scenarios that feel like a screenwriter's (or, in this case, a novelist's) invention. 
terrible The rom-com spark simply isn't there between the pair, which results in a couple of characters' large egos interplaying. 
fair It's that awkward, tedious monster mash of "chick flick'' and romantic comedy - a flatulent issue of Glamour in a Hildy Johnson hat. 
bad It made me laugh more than most movies this year, and confirms my belief that Anna Faris could be a big star if she ever gets offered a script worthy of her talents. 
very_bad barely tolerable 
bad Faris is endearing even at those times when this frantic I've-slept-with- 19-guys comedy is barely endurable. 
terrible People acting like idiots is the warp and woof of romantic comedy. But they have to be likable idiots, empathetic idiots. Faris takes an already confused character and turns her sandpaper-abrasive. 
bad The leads have an infectious chemistry and Ally is a refreshingly modern heroine with a nice screwball touch. 
fair What's Your Number? manages to skate the line between romantic and risque, which is far more than most movies of its ilk can accomplish. 
very_bad Someday Anna Faris will find a movie vehicle that takes full advantage of her quirky comic rhythms and goofball timing, but it sure isn't "What's Your Number?" 
bad The premise may be asinine, but sometimes that's the surest way to prevent letdown - I'm sure it's still possible to be disappointed with a film whose entire plot is derived from an invented article in Marie Claire, but the odds are against it. 
fair This movie isn't as daring as it pretends to be, but with two likable stars and a quotient of absurdity, "What's Your Number?" gets a passing grade. 
bad Anna Faris survives "What's Your Number?" with eccentric comic charm intact. Dumb film; smart comedienne. 
bad If casting was everything, scripts could be scribbled by toddlers and it wouldn't matter. Not the case. 
very_bad Anna Faris and Chris Evans don't have enough scenes together, don't have enough funny lines and aren't surrounded by enough funny people to give this "Bridesmaids-lite" a shot. 
bad Some audience members will come out for What's Your Number? for Faris' appeal and likability, but they'll leave disappointed because this film is more interested in showing her physical assets than her comedic ones. 
terrible ...the film's tedium is such that by the time the final credits rolled, I felt much sorrier for myself than I did for [Faris]. 
very_bad "What's Your Number?" sticks to the low common denominators of most Hollywood romances, and it ends up a commonplace one for doing so. 
very_bad A waste of talent, it proves that the most important people involved in cinema are those responsible for the scripts. Whether there are flies buzzing around it or not, some turds cannot be polished. 
bad Faris offers just enough rough-diamond spark to keep the embers of romance alive throughout the predictable plot. 
good If the script doesn't grab you, the eye candy probably will; Evans missing no opportunity to show off his Captain America physique and Faris likewise exposing more flesh than the meat counter at Tesco Extra. 
good A thoroughly enjoyable and frequently hilarious romcom thanks to a superb script, a colourful supporting cast and strong chemistry (both comic and romantic) between a back-on-form Anna Faris and a frequently shirtless Chris Evans. 
very_bad A throwaway giggle rather than a life-affirming mirror for that swelling box-office target: the single woman. 
very_bad Two charming leads don't make up for a comedy that just doesn't quite deliver the laughs it should. 
bad The film is at its very best when Baldwin informally cross-examines respected names such as Martin Scorsese, Roman Polanski, Bernardo Bertolucci, James Caan and Jessica Chastain. 
good Seduced and Abandoned is, if nothing else, a film buff's delight. 
bad Their [Toback and Baldwin] film about the idea of the film is entertaining and diverting, even if there is also something slightly melancholy about this artificial pursuit of a cinematic phantasm. 
bad It's funny stuff, yet the real nuggets here are when [Alec] Baldwin defaults to standard doco-mode and asks an impressive range of people...about the harsh realities of working in the world's most expensive entertainment artform. 
bad An amusing and, at times, genuinely revealing doco - albeit one with distinctively niche appeal, and cloaked in an air of unmistakable self-satisfaction. 
bad It's an odd film but an entertaining one. 
very_bad Even the overarching quasi-comic format is old hat, having been done far better by Morgan Spurlock in The Greatest Movie Ever Sold. 
bad Although this isn't as cinematic as Keanu Reeves' Side by Side, last year's documentary about the industry's transition from celluloid to digital, it feels honest, 
bad It feels honest, with Baldwin admitting he's sometimes trusted people he shouldn't have. 
very_bad Nice try, guys, but no deal. 
good Anyone interested in how movies get made will love this feisty behind-the-scenes documentary, which uses sharp comedy to explore the messy business side of cinema. 
bad A funny and insightful must for movie fans. 
bad Droll, watchable, wittily sobering. 
good Explores the present-day realities of film financing and offers insightful comments on the film industry in general, as well as a meditation on the power of cinema and death itself. 
bad Jolly good fun, even if it doesn't exactly manage to fulfil its wonky remit. 
good It's a spikily funny, endlessly enlightening watch. 
bad The film becomes a platform for actors to politely vent on their impotence, and for short-sighted bankrollers to pass the buck to the movie-going public for their lack of cojones. 
terrible Deeply tedious and bereft of purpose. 
good Baldwin and Toback make a snappy comic duo, and half of their talks with a line-up of luminaries focus on the art of filmmaking rather than the business. 
good The results are revealing rather than revelatory, but chats with Ryan Gosling and Coppola, Scorsese and Polanski flesh out the fun. 
good Dedicated film buffs will love it. 
bad Jollied up with some fun anecdotes from Hollywood's great and good, this is entertaining, if hardly hugely revelatory stuff. 
very_bad Ironically, the failure of the financing mission gives [it] a sharper edge. But in the end, that edge will probably be of more interest to Baldwin, Toback and the film biz than to a civilian, who mostly wants to know why she can't find a decent rom-com. 
fair Toback's frequent gasbaggery is often forgivable. Underneath his party-boy hubris beats the heart of an occasionally major artist. 
best The fact that it is so funny eventually becomes strangely sad, which makes the film thoroughly enjoyable but also irresistibly provocative. 
fair For anyone interested in Hollywood deal-making, James Toback's documentary "Seduced and Abandoned" provides the vicarious thrill of being at the table. 
good The 68-year-old Toback is asking himself, and us: can he have one more hit before he dies? 
bad ...suffers from many of the same problems that one tends to associate with low-budget efforts of this ilk... 
best A wonderful documentary that deserves to be revisited. 
bad The main problem here is there is no one to root for 
very_bad An uneasy mix of bloodshed and sentimentality that rarely digs beneath the surface of gang mentality, much less its specific place within Asian American culture. 
bad [Its] problems cannot be ignored. 
bad Covers a lot of ground as it rolls: religion, the toll of war, mortality, what it means to be a man. 
bad This would be a fitting conclusion to a long and illustrious career. 
fair Gran Torino is not Eastwood's best film as director or actor but it perfectly encapsulates his onscreen persona and his brilliant directorial career. 
good After the clumsy beginning, the deft writing and excellent acting has so sunk you into your relationship with Walt and Sue and Thao that by the end, I loved this movie, but it took a while to snag me. 
good Un film pose et d'une grande intelligence emotionnelle qui va au-dela des barrieres des croyances ou des origines pour defendre une tradition tout simplement humaine. 
good Take it for what it is: An old guy who gives himself one last juicy role as the flawed, haunted anti-hero, an old guy who's done this so often that he isn't above making himself look silly as well as heroic (he even croons the title song over the ending c 
very_good If this is the end of the road for the Man With No Name, it's a memorable, winning way for him to go out. 
fair Clint Eastwood has become one of Hollywood's best and most dependable filmmakers. 
best ... Starts as one thing, then becomes something else entirely. 
good It's as vigorous and entertaining a feature as you could expect from a 78-year-old filmmaker star. 
bad Gran Torino is a smorgasbord of Eastwood's skills as filmmaker -- the good, the bad, and the ugly -- and how well you digest it will depend on your appetite. 
bad Un film menor en la carrera de Clint Eastwood, pero no por ello falto de interes o poco entretenido. Si efectivamente se trata de la despedida de Eastwood como actor, entonces se trata de una despedida digna y sentida. 
best Be sure to have tissues handy for an ending that is guaranteed to elicit sympathetic tears. 
very_bad Eastwood parece se atrapalhar entre a vontade de contar uma historia protagonizada por uma versao envelhecida de seu Dirty Harry e outra na qual aparentemente interpreta o pobre Sr. Wilson, vizinho e vitima de Dennis, o Pimentinha. 
good a mighty entertaining drama, anchored by a cantankerous-yet-appealing performance by Eastwood himself. 
good Well worth seeing if only for another great Eastwood performance. 
bad Seeing the new inclusive Clint shows an old dog can learn new tricks. But like Walt himself, I can't help but prefer Dirty Harry to Caring Clint any day. 
bad Although the first half feels a little devoid of direction, Eastwood takes out the jump leads and kicks it into life, giving the second half of the film a better pace, vibrancy and gentle humour that makes Gran Torino worth at least one ride. 
best Gran Torino is a vastly entertaining star vehicle that manages to reconcile the vigilante ethos of Eastwood's early hits with the more humane values that have been such an appealing facet of his later career. 
good Overall this is a masterful piece of storytelling and a film which will rightly be regarded as a classic. Eastwood is on staggering form as an actor and equally inspiring as a director. 
good Eastwood is perfect as a growling cur of a man attempting to keep humanity at arms' length. Yet he's lonely, concurrently playing games of 'keep away' and 'notice me.' 
bad This is still an enjoyably big, brash, macho melodrama, saved from absurdity by Eastwood's cracking performance. 
best This wise, likeable and extremely entertaining picture is a must-see. It is already the highest-grossing film in Eastwood's illustrious career. 
good Clint decides to do both jobs and again shows he has a mature grasp of film-making. It is an uncomplicated movie which makes its point very clearly. 
bad In a way it's quite touching that Eastwood still believes a man is never too old to change. One only wishes that Gran Torino were a little more subtle and a little less earnest in its operations. 
good The film, about ageing and mortality, racism and redemption, is one of Eastwood's finest: tender, tragic and funny in equal measures. 
best You may enjoy Gran Torino as an eccentric mix of violence and violins. This is the story of a man who has little time left and is looking for a respectable exit. The film finds elegance in his attempts to grasp it. 
good Simply terrific, enormously watchable and an absolute must for all Eastwood fans. Gotta say it: this film will make your day. 
fair The comedy-drama on release is actually a rather wise, insightful exploration of family and friendship, violence and vengeance. 
bad Eastwood's swansong performance provides the glue for a foul-mouthed, funny, deeply un-PC and very likeable drama that toys with Eastwood's image as a macho icon and slowly turns audience expectations on their head. 
bad What the film aches for is a challenge worthy of the monster Eastwood effortlessly inhabits. 
very_bad He never manages, though, to penetrate to his character's much-touted depths, and it's left to young non-professionals Vang and Her to infuse the action with a spry, casual liveliness that offsets the film's rickety set-up and pacing. 
bad If Eastwood and newbie writer Nick Schenck hadn't lost their nerve and fallen back on Hollywood convention at the last moment, the story might have hit home with greater force. 
good Relentlessly gripping, wryly funny yet profoundly moving - another movie masterclass from Clint. 
bad It's a movie for Eastwood fans. Which should mean it's a movie for you. 
good Gran Torino features a grand performance by one of the greatest ever movie stars - it's as if Dirty Harry had never been away... 
good Gran Torino is made without fuss and acted out with the kind of natural grace only a real titan of the cinema could manage. And Clint is a titan - one of the best directors in America and a performer whose range has extended mightily throughout his career 
good Impressively directed, emotionally engaging drama with a strong script and a terrific performance from Clint Eastwood. 
best It's a monumentally great film and keeps you spellbound till the lights come back up again. 
best The Eastwood legend is set against false sentiment, pot-pourried politics. There's no Disney in this Walt. 
best Gran Torino may prove to be one be one of Eastwood's best. 
very_bad I understand that Eastwood meant well, and it is interesting to fill up a tried-and-true movie formula with this much frank racism in order to make it different, but Gran Torino is just a well-intentioned mess. 
very_good Eastwood gives us a morbid take on righting wrongs in a world that lends no help to the victimized... 
best they don't make movies like this anymore 
very_good A brilliant commentary on a lot of earlier Clint Eastwood roles. 
very_good Eastwood's dead-pan delivery is so familiar that it has its own built-in humor and draw, but it's all just set-up, which is precisely what makes the film such an intriguing trick 
good Gran Torino had the biggest wide-opening at the box office of Clint Eastwood's career. In Gran Torino Clint plays hard-bitten, alienated, anti-everything Walt Kowalski. Sound familar? Clint didn't bring back Dirty Harry, but he gave us Dirty 
good A well-acted, compelling and engrossing drama. 
bad With his shamelessly overblown ending, Eastwood reveals a taste for something he's never served up before -- corn. 
good Gran Torino is to Dirty Harry what Unforgiven was to The Outlaw Josey Wales. 
good Interpreted by another director, Nick Schenk's script might have been merely a sentimental fable of a grinch redeemed. 
very_good Torino proves a grand exit for Eastwood. 
good Awkward as a social drama - as if Eastwood had only lately seen Boyz N the Hood - yet as another one of his meditations on aging, the movie is on to something. 
good Clint Eastwood's steady directorial hand proves instrumental in smoothing over the few overtly ineffective elements within Nick Schenk's admittedly far-from-subtle screenplay. 
very_good [Eastwood] seems to have inherited a quality most often seen in great European filmmakers %u2014 the ability to both age gracefully, and channel his life experience into his work. 
fair It is familiar, but only to a point. Suddenly, that point is past and much more serious questions come up, questions of responsibility, of vengeance, of the efficacy of blood for blood. 
good It's not necessary to be familiar with Eastwood's career arc to enjoy Gran Torino, but it does amplify the appreciation for the manner in which the topic of violence is approached. 
very_good It's pure Eastwood and that means it is grand entertainment 
very_good Gran Torino gets laughs when it wants to be funny, earns your empathy when it wants to be affecting, and makes you think when it speaks its mind. 
fair Eastwood grunts, snarls, curses and gives young punks the stink-eye with precision, playing his most racist character ever for entertainment and comic purposes. 
very_good An ideal platform for writer/ director Clint Eastwood to show the world that, at 78 years of age, he's at the top of his game. 
bad Ham-handed...makes Afterschool Specials look like Ibsen. 
best Eastwood has said that, at age 78, this may be his last time in front of the camera. I urge you not to miss a legend at the top of his game 
best At 78 you still believe Clint Eastwood is a seriously dangerous man. I wouldn't want to fight him. Some say this is his best-ever performance. That's hard to argue. 
very_good If Gran Torino is Clint Eastwood's last acting gig, he's gone out in top form. 
good If you've had the grandfather from a different generation who didn't worry about being politically correct, you should find some familiarity with which you can identify. 
very_good Maybe it's his no-nonsense style -- unaffected acting, matter-of-fact cinematography, the deft juggling of emotional opposites -- but Gran Torino seems to unfold effortlessly in the hands of a master. 
very_good It's interesting to note that [Eastwood's] still going strong at 78. What's even more interesting is that the last two decades includes some of the finest work of his career. 
good Eastwood is funny this time around. Sure, the crumedgeon isn't taking bouncy balls to the crotch like some slapstick hack or dressing up as a dozen fat relatives at the dinner table like Eddie Murphy, but he made me laugh popping off ethnic barbs. 
very_good Its bluntness and sincerity -- and the undistracted momentum of its storytelling -- are like splashes of cold water in a face gone slack from a surfeit of irony and sophistication. 
best "Gran Torino" will knock your socks off, but be prepared to have some ear bleeding after all the graphic comments and cursing you will hear." 
terrible Clint Eastwood...gives the hammiest performance of his career. 
good Gran Torino gives us an opportunity -- growing rarer each year -- to watch a national treasure for two hours. Make that a national treasure who continues, as a filmmaker, to challenge ideas about what it means to be an American. 
best Where Gran Torino fails at social criticism, it succeeds at capturing an engrossing snapshot of the human saga. If ita(TM)s Clinta(TM)s last film, ita(TM)s a perfect ending. 
very_good Another compelling story from an American master. 
very_good Eastwood's second film this year is a compelling study of anger and violence and the guilt and shame that shadow them. He has sat high in the saddle for decades, but rarely has he ridden so tall as in the driver's seat of Gran Torino. 
fair Gran Torino is the most obvious and least interesting of the four movies [Eastwood's] directed in the last two years. 
bad It's a well-crafted character, stuck in a bad movie, which is a back-handed compliment considering Eastwood produced and directed as well. Now it's time for a PBR and a cigarette. Man, Walt is influential. 
very_good If Gran Torino is in fact the fat lady singing on Eastwood's acting career, I couldn't think of a more fitting way to say goodbye to one of Hollywood's most iconic and revered stars. 
good Ultimately, Gran Torino is not recommended for its moralizing or its scenery, but for Eastwood's compelling performance. 
bad Alas, the preposterous ending fritters away much of the goodwill the film has slowly gained. 
very_bad Gran Torino is far, far from Eastwood's best. But he gets to leave his die-hard fans clapping and crying. For the rest of us, it's so thoroughly mediocre it operates like a potent soporific. 
good Eastwood plans to go on making more movies, but it's doubtful any will be as satisfying a career culmination as Gran Torino. 
best Eastwood can be ham-handed ... but he never allows moral instruction to dilute the entertainment value of his films. He loads his movies with ideas ... but is never ostentatious with his intelligence and deep themes. 
very_good Except for the overstated growl, which admittedly is nitpicky, Eastwood may have directed himself right back into Oscar contention. 
bad If Joel Schumacher had directed this, there might still be people enjoying it as the B-movie that it is, but no one would be calling it great. 
very_good It's pretty effective thanks to Clint's obvious joy at playing a creature that's 50 percent Archie Bunker, 50 percent Iron Man. 
good Unquestionably one of the best pictures of the year. 
best It's really very simple: If you're a Clint Eastwood fan going way back, you're going to LOVE Gran Torino. 
good It turns out Clint Eastwood is Batman!!!! 
very_good Eastwood's recent films have been a pleasure and a surprise, but Gran Torino in particular exudes a sense of renewal and promise. 
fair The strong, often unpleasant or upsetting language leaves an aftertaste to this character drama. It might have the best of intentions, but it's definitely not an easy movie to watch. 
best Just like Walt's Gran Torino, Eastwood's engine is still purring as well as it did in '72. 
bad To be the perfectly career-summarizing Eastwood movie, Gran Torino needn't be perfect. 
fair Even though this continues his embracing death and giving up as a moral, this is an entertaining, vintage Eastwood film. 
bad Gran Torino grinds through its gears in an efficient if generally graceless manner, with occasional blasts of violence interrupting a film that is content to be the cutest movie Clint's done since his days of co-starring with an orangutan. 
bad An interesting -- fascinating -- movie that may be more so because of the things that keep it from greatness. But that doesn't make it an artistic success on its own merit. 
very_good Oh, what memories of "The Shootist" this adults-only Clint Eastwood showcase brings to mind. 
terrible A terribly dated mix of 8-Mile, The Karate Kid and Death Wish. The desperate last gasp of pre-Obama Era intolerance. 
bad The movie would be nowhere, absolutely nowhere, without Clint Eastwood. 
good Though far from his best, we're still lucky to have it. 
best Eastwood directs and acts with remarkable restraint, skilfully getting far beneath the surface 
very_bad What could explain Eastwood himself, in a monotone croak, warble about his 'heart locked in a Gran Torino'? 
good Gran Torino is very much about the thing Eastwood knows most intimately -- movies. Like Unforgiven, his neo-Western classic, this film ponders the value of the yarns we spin about heroes and lawless encounters. 
very_good Details, some subtler than others, give the straightforward Gran Torino so much resonance. 
good Gran Torino has much to recommend it, not least of which is Eastwood's enjoyable and slyly self-deprecating performance. And the supporting cast holds their own every step of the way. 
fair Gran Torino was the biggest and most pleasant surprise of 2008. 
good The film is neither elegant nor subtle. Both Eastwood's performance and his direction veer from broad melodrama to broader comedy and back again. But the film boasts crusty humor, heart and conscience. 
good Anytime Clint Eastwood is drinking a beer, growling and killing people, I am in. Eastwood directs a subtle film which will make you laugh awkwardly and keeps perfect intensity. 
fair Gran Torino is alive to the web of racial and ethnic discontent in this country, but the script by Nick Schenk and Dave Johannson has a tin ear. 
good Gran Torino is an unlikely tale made plausible almost solely by the quality of Clint Eastwood's performance. 
bad Tricky territory, but surprisingly the whole thing comes off as disarming. 
very_good It's undeniably hokey. But all pulp fiction is ultimately a little hokey, and that's usually why the makers of such movies compensate by bringing their A-game behind the camera. 
fair Here [Eastwood] is attempting no less than a eulogy for an America he helped define. 
very_bad Climax is an overindulgent grasp at something meaningful that misses by a country mile. 
bad By the time it jolts to an ending, followed by Clint rasping a tune to the closing credits, you're more likely to be rolling your eyes than dabbing them. 
fair The movie, which has several non-professional actors in the cast, is sometimes clunky and the action is often predictable, but the character of Walt is solid gold. 
bad A ham-fisted screenplay sets down the terms of the story with the obviousness of an old-fashioned play. 
very_good A thoughtful work that continues the actor/director's remarkable late-career surge. 
bad Eastwood's foursquare directorial aesthetic tends to heighten, rather than camouflage, a screenplay's shortcomings. He may well win the gold for this one. But we'll have to assume he's winning it for richer assignments en route. 
bad And you thought Walt was kidding when he told his son early on that people would show up after the funeral because he 'suppose they heard there's gonna be a lot of ham.' 
terrible It turns out that all of the idle initial speculation that surrounded "Gran Torino" was far more entertaining than the embarrassingly hackneyed and inadvertently hilarious melodrama that is the result of all that speculation. 
best With Gran Torino, Eastwood puts out a brilliant work that balances all of these issues beautifully without coming to terms with any of them or giving easy answers. 
very_good Gran Torino is about two things, I believe. It's about the belated flowering of a man's better nature. And it's about Americans of different races growing more open to one another in the new century. 
very_good As Walt discovers, we can lament change all we want, but ultimately what's gone is gone. What's important is what we leave behind--our successes, failures, and '72 Detroit-made muscle cars. 
very_good Clint Eastwood's character in Gran Torino represents the culimination of the icon's screen career. 
good Though you can see his character's redemption coming a mile away, Clint Eastwood's Gran Torino is still well worth the ride. 
very_good A very funny and touching movie that delivers its message of tolerance with a most agreeable light hand. 
bad In front of the camera, the 78-year-old actor still appears able to demolish anyone who messes with him, which is why this showcase works as well as it does. 
good Clint Eastwood collects and distills everything we know he is capable of doing on screen -- some of which we might wish he hadn't done, but most of which we love. Even if we might be a little ashamed to admit it. 
good These spectral figures, totems of masculinity and mementos from a heroic cinematic age, are what make this unassuming film small in scale if not in the scope of its ideas -- more than just a vendetta flick. 
very_good Who would have thought that Dirty Harry would become not only one of Hollywood's most respected filmmakers but also one of its most compassionate humanists? At 78, Eastwood still commands the screen. 
best Gran Torino is a strange coda, an autumnal epilogue, and yet if you love American movies and their history -- of which Eastwood is a huge part -- you need to see this. 
good Clint Eastwood, directing himself, is the main attraction, and his Walter's redemptive journey through the course of the film is where its true, unforced power lies. 
terrible Do you miss Archie Bunker? Then Clint Eastwood's Gran Torino is the movie for you... Graceless and insensitive. 
best An extraordinary spiritual movie about an angry, lonely, bigoted old man whose his heart softened through his relationships with members of a Hmong immigrant family who live next door. 
fair Part modern-day Western, part vigilante flick, part after-school special, Clint Eastwood's oddball drama Grand Torino remains entertaining right up to the end credits, during which you can scratch your head and wonder what you've just seen. 
fair Enjoyable proof that Clint Eastwood can still chew up anyone like beef jerky. 
good Gran Torino is an amazingly over-the-top anti-racism parable but, despite its obvious shortcomings, it is nevertheless effective and affecting. 
good Although younger audiences may find the film's rhythms rather slow, the ultimate payoff is huge, and Clint fans are likely to eat it up. 
bad Still, as movies about crusty old men whose hearts melt through their friendship with young people go, Gran Torino is mostly a hoot, thanks to Eastwood's Archie-Bunker-with-a-gun performance. 
very_good A lifetime in movies runs through this prime vintage Eastwood performance. You can't take your eyes off him. The no-frills, no-bull Gran Torino made my day. 
fair A generally enjoyable but problematic departure for Eastwood which works best during its lighter moments but gets too dark while trying to create heightened tension and drama. 
bad The problem, a somewhat depressing one, is that Eastwood has grown into a director who thinks he's superior to his mentors. A hint of pretension has crept into his filmmaking, and his exchanges with his young cast feel overwrought. 
fair Gran Torino being a Clint showcase helmed by the Last Movie Star himself, Walt's reformation is nearly inevitable, but skirts being cloying on the strength of the 78-year-old icon's raspy brusqueness. 
very_good This is the Clint Eastwood we all remember in a perfect final performance. He's riding off into the sunset scowling, snarling, and spitting blood. 
good Some hilarious grouch humor once you get to at least like the guy. 
bad A guilty pleasure film that is more fun than it deserves to be. 
bad Colombiana contains some thrilling scenes as well as an interesting sense of twisted humor, but there's not enough here to really keep us engaged. 
very_bad Laugh out loud exploitation...See Zoe shoot. See Zoe kill. See Zoe strip (PG-13 style) 
very_bad Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza. 
fair With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events. 
fair Ranks as one of the more eco- and econ-friendly projects of recent memory, what with producer/co-writer Luc Besson recycling many elements from his prior successes. 
bad The action set pieces are elaborately staged and sometimes exciting, but the dull script, overcooked direction and wonky editing damage this otherwise enjoyable B-movie. 
fair A fast-paced tale of revenge, 'Colombiana' is a better-than-average actioner made all the more interesting by its female lead. Zoe Saldana ('Star Trek' and 'Avatar') follows the path of 'Hanna' and 'Salt' as a tough-as-nails assassin. 
very_bad The latest disappointing actioner from producer Luc Besson... 
bad click for full review at Movies for the Masses 
bad Overall, the movie has enough clever chases, break-ins, and escapes -- not to mention a sweet, small tragic romance -- to make it worthwhile, but this isn't one of Besson's stronger efforts. 
terrible Colombiana has one true asset -- the seminude sight of its star, Zoe Saldana -- and milks it for everything it's worth. 
very_bad A cynical mash-up of Besson's Leon and Nikita, though without their depth of character or emotional warmth. 
very_bad Half the dialogue between these dirtbags is devoted to her near-invisibility, and all of it's awful: "She's like mist," apparently. 
very_bad You'll find yourself laughing, then realise that it's not meant to be funny. 
very_bad Even the talented Saldana can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear - much less a dog's dinner. 
very_bad Occasionally enjoyable in a silly way, but I have to say Besson's preoccupation with the little-girl-becomes-killer trope is looking a little unwholesome. 
very_bad Saldana has star quality and action chops but the script is laughable and boring. 
bad Colombiana wants to be Bourne with boobs, but its connect-the-dots narrative and silted script means it can't quite reach those bone-crunching heights. 
very_bad A far-fetched disappointment considering it was co-written by Luc Besson, the director of Leon. 
bad It makes virtually no sense if you think about it, and the writing and direction are mostly incoherent. But it's also guilty good fun. 
bad The movie delivers slam-bang action, so much so that we're reminded that movies have to MOVE to carry us along, and with 'Columbiana,' we're along for the ride, baby. 
very_bad Tiresome and unconvincing. 
very_bad With no sense of humour and long lulls between action, director Megaton appears primarily concerned with coming up with as many different ways as possible of getting Saldana down to her skimpies. 
very_bad Poorly directed and badly written, this is a disappointing and increasingly bloated thriller that fails to sustain any actual thrills, despite a decent early set piece and a solid turn from Zoe Saldana. 
fair The promise of the borderline-priceless early scenes with Amandla Stenberg as the 10-year-old Cataleya aren't quite fulfilled by the more predictable set pieces with the adult assassin. 
very_bad ... predictable from first frame to last. 
terrible Colombiana, despite its many explosions and some howlingly wooden dialogue, is an eminently forgettable actioner. 
very_bad The movie is like a lady who can't choose between two suitors: the campy and fun one, or the serious and cliche one. 
bad A generic time killer that doesn't leave any kind of lasting impression. 
good Director Olivier Megaton has mastered the art of balancing absurdity with conviction, both in his montages and his choices on the soundtrack. 
bad Saldana is in a Jolie mood and shows what a tough gal she can be. What we never get is enough knowledge of her character. 
bad Wrapped in B-movie trappings from its cliched script and implausible scenarios to less than thrilling action, the best thing Colombiana has going for it is the lovely Ms. Saldana, who deserves much better than this. 
fair Colombiana isn't the last word in action movies, but it's a fun ride. 
bad Megaton blows things up, demolishes a fruit market, and throws in some parkour foot-chases as if he's completing a checklist. 
fair Colombiana isn't completely dreadful, if you ignore the holes in its Swiss cheese of a plot. 
very_bad When shortly into the film, Cataleya is escaping from a jail cell through an unsecured ventilation vent large enough for a person to easily fit through and that leads to the outside, I knew we were in trouble. 
fair Luc Besson's pulp-fiction assembly line churns out another adequate ass-kicker with Colombiana, which boasts many of the French producer-director's favorite tropes. 
bad Oozing female empowerment, acrobatic Zoe Saldana is the new action star to watch. 
very_bad It desperately wants us to feel for Cataleya's lonely lot in life, especially when it trots out Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt." But if it can't even spell the word "personal" correctly in its end credits, how can it possibly understand the definition? 
terrible There's a reason this clunker is being buried at the end of August and wasn't screened for most critics -- it shouldn't screen for most audiences either. 
bad There have been some successes in the last few years following Besson's formula of stale dialogue, light character and strong action. But there have been far more misses than hits. Colombiana doesn't even stand out among those. 
bad Deprived of details, Megaton expects us to subsist on action alone, but it's not enough to fill the void left by the absence of story. 
fair The best way to describe the action packed film 'Colombiana' is to say to that it's mindless, unpretentious, very stylized, and entertaining. It's your typical B film brought to the big screen by the power and influence of Luc Besson. 
bad escapism as exaggeration 
terrible Luc Besson keeps ralphing up scripts about beautiful lady killers, but that doesn't mean you have to keep seeing them. 
bad Zoe Saldana makes being an action hero look so easy in "Colombiana," you have to wonder why more actresses don't try it. 
bad Luc Besson has decided to make one for the girls. 
bad There's little to no care paid to anything outside of three or four action sequences -- and those will look just as good on home video. In five weeks. 
fair This is a showy flower of an action film. Saldana doesn't get much of a chance to emote, but her action skills blossom. 
very_bad There are some early comic moments that have you laughing along with the movie, but eventually the clashing tones and preposterousness just have you laughing. 
fair All killers should look this good doing their dirty work. It'd be a better world. 
fair Is Saldana the new Schwarzenegger, only leaner, meaner and much better looking in spandex? I think so. 
good Along with a spectacularly physical performance by Zaldana, Colombiana features some of the best frame-for-frame shots you will see this year. 
fair As a solidly entertaining piece of trashy exploitation its only drawback is a PG-13 rating. 
bad While most action films fall apart because they succumb to stupidity, Colombiana suffers most because it tries to be too smart. 
fair For the most part, it's all big and silly, but at least it's enjoyably staged and crafted. 
fair Dolphin Tale, an inspirational tale about a Little Dolphin Who Could, will swim into your heart despite some melodrama and predictability. 
bad Middle-of-the-road milquetoast. 
good It's an earnest, sweet film that relies on the extraordinary true story of Winter, the rescued dolphin, and little on manipulative Hollywood tricks. 
very_good When I write the "Cookie Awards" in my annual Oscar-season column for the Quad-City Times, I always include this category: Most Embarrassing Crying Spell. There is no question which movie will 'win' the award. I bawled when I watched 'Dolphin Tale.' 
fair In the hands of actor-turned-director Charles Martin Smith, this kid-centric drama provides a welcome family option with positive values and a minimum of frantic, noisy CGI. It's a tale told on a human (and animal) scale. 
fair One wonders why the filmmakers felt the need to turn a fascinating true story into a cliche-ridden, formulaic family film. 
bad While some adults may get impatient with it, kids will undoubtedly find it appealing. 
bad Those looking to leave the cinema with a warm glow should seek this one out. 
bad An endearing tale of family, friendship and fighting for what you believe in. 
good The emotive aspect of the film is so tangible it's the equivalent of having someone grab hold of your heart on the inside of your rib cage ready to give it an occasional squeeze. 
good While it plays hard and loose with the facts, this tale of a boy and a bottlenose dolphin is guaranteed to create a tidal wave's worth of tears. 
bad Don't expect miracles but this is about a kind of miracle and doesn't sentimentalise it to death. 
very_bad Two hours of redemptive hugs, triumphant whoops and tearful smiles later we learn that pinning a tail on a dolphin is, on the scale of human achievement, not far behind winning the Nobel Peace Prize and discovering a cure for cancer. 
bad Engagingly directed and superbly written, this is a heart-warming feel-good drama with likeable characters and some impressive dolphin wrangling, though the 3D is entirely unnecessary. 
bad It's easy to roll one's eyes at Dolphin Tale, which is heavy on swelling music and how children - aw, shucks! - can teach adults a thing or two about holding on to hope. 
good Animal lovers, be prepared to tear up several times as this heartwarming family film hits all the heartstrings inherent in the genre. 
bad You would have to be made of a very hard heart not to be moved by the underwater scenes of Sawyer swimming with the dolphin, and of the real-life footage at the end of amputees meeting Winter. 
good This is an old-fashioned cockle-warmer that connects through flesh and blood, not pixels. 
bad As slick, charming and eager-to-please as a SeaWorld cetacean. 
bad As much as it grates, it still manages to warm the cockles. 
bad A good shout if your kids like this sort of thing, otherwise best head to your local aquarium. 
bad An eminently fine inspiring true-ish story of beating the odds and being the best you you can be, and if that's your poison, great. 
bad ... though sugary and overlong, ... pleasant enough. 
bad A stellar supporting cast lends credibility to this true-life adventure from director Charles Martin Smith. 
bad Relentlessly heartwarming, this film can't help but move us to tears. 
good Could be accused of mawkishness, but I have no problem recommending a movie that encourages children to love and respect wildlife. 
bad Manages to hit every mildly comedic and heartstring-tugging bit in the boy-and-his-animal movie playbook. 
fair Move over Flipper, Winter is the new dolphin star. 
bad There is heart here, but that's only during the closing credits when we see a glimpse of the true story. 
good A movie for the whole family! I don't even know Hollywood was still making those anymore. 
bad It may not be a perfect film, but it is an ideal family film. 
very_bad Dolphin Tale gets bogged down with the family drama. These and other elements raise the level of cheese to that of a white trash Velveeta casserole. 
fair Plenty of ambition. But the dialogue can be tin-eared, and the comedy has a cater- to-kids quality that sells youngsters short. 
fair Most children's entertainment feels as sugar-addled as their target audience. But Dolphin Tale avoids being either anxious or obnoxious, keeping young moviegoers amused and enthralled the old-school way: with its story and star. 
bad It's easy to be cynical ... but then that darn tailless dolphin starts joyfully splashing around and all the corny trappings of the movie simply fade into the background. 
very_bad Instead of steering toward deep and troubled waters, "Dolphin Tale" jumps through hoops to engage a young audience. 
fair Dolphin Tale has its heart in the right place and tells its story well enough for its core audience. Moralistic and sweet, there's plenty here for kids and parents to enjoy. 
good Heartwarming tale is sweet, inspiring for kids and tweens. 
good DOLPHIN TALE is the perfect end of summer event for the whole family. 
fair A Disney-esque amalgam of sweetness, humor and a general heartwarming vibe. 
fair Director Charles Martin Smith overcomes the dialogue limitations and schmaltz, and using a pesky pelican for comic relief, crafts a film that appeals to kids and families. 
bad The overall story is better than the actual film. You can tell where Hollywood stepped in and fictionalized aspects of the story. It's still very inspirational and fun! 
fair That it manages to be not insufferable while still being so predictable is a small tribute to its cast and crew. 
bad It's very sweet and earnest. That's the good news. The bad news is that it's also kind of dull and packed too full of superfluous stuff. 
very_bad Dolphin Tale works best when it's not actively trying to manipulate your tear ducts. 
bad A potentially appealing story about a rescued disabled dolphin gets smothered with inspirational family values guff. 
bad Most of the family films churned out today are so junky it's almost a shock to find one in which the animals never spout sassy one-liners, or show off their hilarious hip-hop moves. 
fair Effective as the movie is, it nevertheless left me slightly put off. 
good A genuinely moving story that is given oomph by a better-than-you'd-expect cast. 
fair A heartwarmingly hokey and accessible production. 
fair Dolphin Tale is a reasonably well-made and likable story about the courageous efforts of a small, determined band of people who come to the rescue of a badly injured sea creature. 
good Director Charles Martin Smith saves Dolphin Tale from becoming a maudlin affair with more sappiness than a Vermont forest during maple syrup season. 
fair Curmudgeons could probably pick it apart 'til the cows come home, but "Dolphin Tale" is exceedingly hard to dislike. 
good ...a smart, funny film that packs a solid message. 
good This is not only kid-friendly fare, but a lovely family movie. 
good It gives young audiences credit for having patience and imagination, and rewards them with an engaging narrative. 
bad Accompanying grown-ups or older siblings will have to choke down a sizable dose of schmaltz with their fish milkshakes. 
very_good The cast is delightful, the story corny without being cloyingly high-fructose, the direction first-rate. 
good A lively, winning family movie starring the very sea mammal at the center of a true story that inspired this film. 
terrible a staggering compilation of various cinematic cliches so transparent a kid could see through them 
good It may not be a great movie, but it is an exceptionally touching one. 
good The result is an excellent family film - maybe not up to 1996's "Fly Away Home'' in the kid-helps-wildlife genre but eye-opening and heartwarming and sensibility-expanding all the same. 
good Even if Dolphin Tale hits every note square on the nose - or maybe because it does - watching it is surprisingly pleasurable. 
good With "Dolphin Tale," Hollywood dares to do the almost unimaginable: Create a really heartwarming family movie. 
bad Inspirational in the very best sense, Dolphin Tale honors the values of commitment, perseverance, and full inclusion for all life's damaged mammals. 
fair It's rudimentary and even a little clumsy in its filmmaking technique (not a small matter), but there's some narrative ambition, at least... 
good A pleasant family film with an improbable true story at its heart. 
good Inspiring, feel-good, family-friendly adventure with a special appeal to youngsters who love animals. 
fair The power behind including footage of real people interacting with Winter reiterates how much better Dolphin Tale would have worked as a documentary or, say, a 'Dateline' special. 
bad Winter may be a moving symbol of resiliency, but Smith's film unfortunately sticks to shallow waters. 
good Attacking a film like this for being a tad cloying seems to be missing the point. It's an intrinsic part of what "Dolphin Tale" is. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking. 
very_good A heart-affecting drama about the loving relationship between a lonely and alienated boy and a badly injured dolphin and the community that supports them. 
fair Adorable... 
fair ...if it doesn't bring a tear or two to your eye, you might need a visit to the cardiologist to see what you've got in there in place of a heart. 
good Winter is friendly, loving, emotional, playful, brave and intelligent. Before her Dolphin Tale is over, I dare even the most jaded cynic not to shed a tear of admiration and joy. 
bad You'd have to have a heart of stone to not be moved by the nonfiction footage of disabled children and war vets finding inspiration in Winter. 
bad Call it Prosthetic Flipper, but the truly inspiring Dolphin Tale is perfect family entertainment (although why it needs to be in 3D is a mystery). 
fair In terms of technique Ramses' documentary indulges in some pretty cheesy tactics - freeze-frames, monologue-length accounts when abridged versions of the same information would suffice, a naggingly repetitive musical score. 
best A priceless history lesson for anyone interested in understanding the back story explaining how formerly-tolerant Egypt evolved into the religious state it is today. 
good Predating "The King and I," and just as entertaining, minus the music. 
bad Rex Harrison is sexy, Irene Dunne is prim, but the racism is evident. 
good A star is born in Nashville. 
bad Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville. 
good The Thing Called Love charms and touches. 
bad It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper. 
bad A highlight of Phoenix's career 
terrible River Phoenix gives a somnambulant impersonation of Christian Slater impersonating Jack Nicholson, and Samantha Mathis spends much of the movie trying to figure out exactly who her character is. 
terrible Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help. 
fair Aside from its blatantly commercial aspirations and predictable storyline, there is an appealing cast, enjoyable songs and some funny bits of business. 
bad Newcomer Clara Augarde proves to be a real find in Love Like Poison, a severe coming of age drama set in the Breton countryside. 
good No one does underage sex in cinema quite like the French, and the roots of Quillivere's tale of 14-year-old Anna's sexual and emotional awakening in a sleepy Breton village spring from a time-honoured tradition of coming-of-age a la Francaise. 
good It refuses to be either prurient or particularly erotic. Its quietness, however, is deceptive. Quillevere is clearly a director to note. 
good The film has a wonderful ease and flow: its relatively brief running time is crowded with incident and plot, and yet each scene, each shot, each gesture unfurls in a winningly unhurried way. 
good Director Katell Quillevere's feature debut is a sensitive, sensual and surprisingly spiritual account of an adolescent girl's coming of age. 
good Impressively directed and beautifully shot, this is an engaging and provocative coming-of-age story thanks to a superbly written script and a terrific central performance from newcomer Clara Augarde. 
good All is flux and subtle interrogative nuance in this movie, aided by Tom Harari's stunning cinematography. 
good There's no melodrama here, just a series of key episodes that add up to a light but far from superficial portrait of one girl's relationship with the world. 
bad The melodramatic title won't do it any favours, as Katell Quillevere's debut feature is a quiet, sensitive study of a 14-year-old girl beset by adolescent confusion. 
bad Like Stealing Beauty awash with Catholic guilt, it's a charming coming-of-age tale that packs plenty into its short runtime. 
good The discomforting coming-of-ager Love Like Poison could never have been made in the U.S. It mixes sexual candidness with the fraught transition from adolescence to adulthood. 
fair The human element of the film has a warped tone that makes the whole thing far more interesting than its mummy attacks would suggest. 
terrible You have to give Contaminated Man credit for laying its cards on the table: as you might have guessed from the title, it is indeed about a contaminated man. 
good Hellion paints a plaintive portrait of a family trapped in the bottom echelon of America's middle class. 
bad "Hellion" pads its slender, commonplace, but potentially rewarding premise with contrivances, cliches, repetitiousness, and, when all else fails, implausible, arbitrary melodrama. 
bad Wiggins gives the boy's struggles a raw realism, but it's not enough to shore up this slackly paced slice of sunbaked Texas miserabilism. 
very_bad Not that inarticulate characters can't be compelling if they are written with subtlety, acted with insight and, most of all, framed by a directorial vision, but "Hellion," despite a promising debut from Wiggins, falls short in at least two of the above. 
good The realism in "Hellion" is admirable, as are the actors' emotion performances. These wrenching qualities also make the film a tough sell. 
bad Hellion fits into something I like to call the "festival bubble". 
bad The acting is stronger than the rest of the film itself, which sports far too much shaky camera work and a conclusion that is obviously foreshadowed by the appearance of a gun early on. 
bad It takes a lot to stand out in a cast that includes Aaron Paul and Juliette Lewis, but Josh Wiggins proves up to the task. It'll be fun to see where his career takes him next. 
bad Everything about it is so indie that it feels like it's following a formula as rigid as that of any romcom or teen-meat-on-the-hoof slasher picture. 
fair The relief you'll experience during the beautifully modulated ending to Hellion may elicit a heavy sigh, deep and gratifying. 
good With gorgeous cinematography and an exceptional cast, including a breakout performance from Josh Wiggins, Hellion allows its audience to travel the downward spiral of a broken family and is absolutely gripping thanks to its authentic feel. 
good The hellion of "Hellion" is Jacob Wilson, a 13-year-old Texas rebel with a cause. As played by a real teenager, Josh Wiggins, he's a force of nature. 
bad Though it may seem as if it's heading in the direction of being a feel-good movie Hellion doesn't go down that predictable road. It is more authentic than that, and that is indeed something to feel good about. 
bad Paul provides enough grace notes to see it through. Just. 
bad Hellion deserves to be seen for the adolescent Wiggins' performance alone - with echoes too of Jennifer Lawrence's turn in Winter's Bone, it'd be gratifying to see his career take a similarly meteoric turn. 
bad A sensitive, soulful character drama with great sympathy...It's hard not to be moved by these characters, their pain, and their love. 
good "Hellion" is a well-observed and patiently told story, with one good scene after another, featuring amazing performances across the board, but particularly from newcomer Josh Wiggins. 
good Though some characters go underdeveloped, Hellion marks one of Hollywood's most realistic examinations of rural high school angst since Friday Night Lights, another teen drama set in Texas. 
bad A glimpse into rural American childhood that's both tense and melancholy. 
bad Features a fair share of forced drama ... 
bad Hellion lingers for most of its running time in a betwixt-and-between place, never becoming either the sublime character sketch or the overripe melodrama it alternately promises to be. 
fair An engrossing glimpse into a working class nightmare, a lifestyle of indulged biker-kids, guns, violence and beer that is every bit the trap we consider our inner cities to be. to be. 
bad Both film and protagonist are troubled works in progress that shuffle and meander and frequently falter, but occasionally sing. 
good Apart from a bit of improbable melodrama in the last act, it's a solid and affecting film with a positive message. 
good Sweet, funny and uplifting. Shu Qi sizzles. 
bad Vince Vaughn is nowhere in sight, so you know it can't be a Valentine's Day offering from the Western world. It tries though. It tries. 
very_bad The film feels disjointed and inorganic as it skips from one set of problems to another. 
terrible Devoid of charisma or a third dimension, these contrived characters - whether dissolute or doltish, shrill or sheepish - rarely engage. 
very_good One of the best horror-thrillers of the classic era, and a massively inspirational piece of cinema. 
good ...[a] demonic clockwork thriller. 
very_good With barely any music, Clouzot unfolds the action with precision timing and suspense, culminating in one of the cinema's first and most memorable twist endings ever. 
best set the bar high in terms of both its murderous, yet sympathetic characters and its tense scenario that mixes the conventional thriller elements of lust, jealousy, and homicide with the possibility of supernatural horror 
good Still riveting stuff, beautifully acted out by Simone Signoret and Vera Clouzot, the director's wife. 
best It's a diabolical masterpiece. 
best Satisfying, elegant and nasty. 
best This is a masterpiece that easily matches the best of Hitchcock. 
best The ending, much copied, is justly famous. But it's the implacable build-up that seals its classic status... 
best Delectable suspense with a grand payoff. 
best First-class all the way (unlike the Sharon Stone remake) 
very_good Avoids formulas, instead opting to take the audience down the same windy, confusing roads that the characters travel. 
very_good A bitter chiller. One of the most suspenseful films ever made. 
good ...[contains] some incredibly satisfying moments and a twist ending that's almost impossible to guess. 
best This is one of the dandiest mystery dramas that has shown here in goodness knows when. 
good One of the scariest moments ever. 
good Everything that you need from a suspense thriller. 
fair It has the look and feel of one of the original Hitchcock movies from the 30s. 
very_good A scary movie in the spirit of Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, and while it isn't as well known, it's just as chilling. 
very_good [Creates] a diabolical double-reverse plot that keeps the audience guessing right up to the thoroughly implausible final scene. 
best With a deliciously curvy and complex plot, Diabolique is a masterpiece of suspense -- as accomplished as anything done by Hitchcock. 
good Strangely sour and ultimately wearisome. 
bad If you really want to appreciate this film, go see all the hood movies from the 90s - good and bad. 
very_bad ...the Wayans use a sledgehammer to drive in a thumbtack. 
very_bad There's maybe three or four half-decent chuckles to be found in this otherwise interminable 90-minute mega-chore. 
good The thin plot is merely the frame for gags, and there are more a few good ones here. 
bad Laugh yourself stupid....Wayans classic! 
bad A free-for-all comic spoof that brings the 'hood' genre of Hollywood films full circle. 
bad [A] pleasant hour and a half. 
good One of the funniest movies of all time 
terrible There are zero laughs in this stupid, stupid movie. 
bad The gags -- like most of the Wayanses' humor -- range from astute satire to lowest-common-denominator yucks. 
fair Rude, crude and outrageous. 
terrible If I see one more movie featuring that current favorite of obnoxious movie stereotypes -- the pair of abrasive Asian convenience store owners -- I'm not going to even going to think twice before getting up and leaving the theatre. 
best one of the best remakes ever 
bad It was always going to be hard to better Don Siegel's 1956 classic, and if director Philip Kaufman doesn't quite succeed, he does manage to summon up an equally chilling air of paranoia. 
very_good This terrific remake never lets the audience forget that it should be frightened. 
very_good Very entertaining, and despite the by now over familiar-plot, pleasantly suspenseful. 
best one of the great sci-fi horrorshows, a movie that gooses you with its premise, makes you laugh and jump, and ultimately leaves you with something you can't quite shake 
good On top of being an engrossing conspiracy thriller in step with the gritty urban tales of the time, the Invasion of the Body Snatchers is also a genuinely creepy film which slyly suggests there is something sinister beneath the surface. 
very_good If not quite as great as its predecessor, still a pretty damn fine genre picture. 
best A superior sci-fi thriller that makes even raindrops, plants and electrical cords take on sinister life. 
fair The film collapses midway -- because of unsure and sloppy direction, splintered story continuity, and the overacting of Adams, Cartwright, and others. 
good Not as terrifying as the original, but still a shocker. 
very_good A cerebral and suspenseful film of foreboding atmosphere. On a short list of truly outstanding remakes. 
good utterly chilling 
bad Scary at the time, campy fun now 
good Inspired remake of 1950s classic 
good Good remake of the 1956 film with direction that bogs in superfluous touches. 
good Ending still freaks me out. I'm serious, even twenty-five years later. Stop laughing at me. 
best This will read less like a review and more like a valentine, but this is a very, very special film, a forgotten classic of the '70s cinema. 
good The dog with a human head rocks! 
best ...what if the mask of your neighbor tilts for a second and you catch a glimpse of the riot going on behind his face? 
bad Deve ser encarado como aquilo que realmente e: um terrorzinho-ficcao cientifica descomprometido com a logica e preocupado em manter o publico acordado por 2 horas. 
best The screenplay by W.D. Richter builds at a deliberate pace, and within the first half hour we're already disturbed by the almost imperceptible behavior of those who have been snatched. 
good [Kaufman] weaves an increasingly sinister cityscape through prowling camerawork and a highly effective stereo score. 
very_good Personally I think this version to be superior to the original and to be much underrated by both critics and audiences. 
good For once, a great remake, smartly executed. Great performances and a killing ending that will stay with you forever can't hurt, either. 
bad You hope for the tang of lemon drizzle; what you ultimately get is Madeira, with the proverbial soggy bottom. 
very_bad Essentially a saccharine confection of cliches, full of bits that are hard to swallow. 
good Cake has much to say about grief, and on the whole says it with intelligence and insight. 
bad I was in pain during this indie drama, which may explain why I enjoyed it. 
bad With Aniston on this form it's almost good enough to banish memories of The Bounty Hunter, Wanderlust and even Just Go With It. 
bad Aniston shows quite brilliantly the effect of the constant pain on both her character's body and her mind. 
good If I were Jennifer Aniston, I would be fuming. And I would be wondering what exactly I had to do to get an Oscar nomination for best actress. 
bad The cast is strong, the characters are intriguing but the more you learn, the more the film loses its grip on your emotions. 
very_bad As for Aniston, she gives an honest, well-intentioned performance, but it is marooned in an unsatisfying script whose emotional effects are unearned. 
bad Jennifer Aniston lifts an addiction drama with a committed but never showy performance. It's a pity the rest of the film can't cut as deep. 
very_bad A brilliant Jennifer Aniston lead performance isn't enough to save this doughy, maudlin piece of misery porn. 
fair Jennifer Aniston delivers an Oscar-calibre performance in this rather over-worked drama... 
very_bad Aniston plays her part with no frills, but she can't help but be dragged down by the surrounding artifice. For one thing, no-one in the real world could possibly have so many grey cardigans. 
very_bad The drugs don't work - but thankfully Aniston does - in this slight but sly portrait of pain-meds hell, which wallows in self-pity when it should be grabbing our sympathy. 
bad The central character and performance are intriguing but not enough to sustain a film that feels more and more like a TV-movie matinee. 
bad Grim but interesting drama has prescription drug abuse. 
bad The film evokes a tangible sense of crippling loss. It just fails to translate the honesty of its quiet moments to the scenes in which the characters interact with each other. 
good Whether or not Aniston ever gets another role like this one, I have a hard time imagining anyone else in it -- and that's the sign of a genuine actor. 
very_good ...a starkly unsentimental portrait of a damaged woman weighing the pain of living in the world against the unknowable alternative. 
good Aniston makes Cake her own movie and its structural shortcomings become of lesser focus and importance. 
good Jennifer Aniston does something completely different in this potboiler of a psychodrama and succeeds marvelously. 
good More than just a vehicle for awards, "Cake" features an overdue, career-growing, award-worthy, emotionally honest role for Jennifer Aniston anchored by a patient script written by real humans about real humans. 
bad Beyond the sly method in which it keeps viewers guessing at Claire's circumstances, the screenplay often fails this otherwise finely-assembled film. 
bad 'I think we need some closure,' is the opening line, spoken by a therapist; the scene is played for parody, but in fact its message is sincere: 'Cake' is the all-too-familiar story of a sad person's healing process. 
good Jennifer Aniston burrows into Claire's walking-wounded gait and eclipsed mood. 
fair All the action grows organically out of character and a surprisingly stubborn life force that urges us to get out of our premix boxes, and start from scratch. 
bad Jennifer Aniston is commendable but the film's lack of subtlety and nuance undermines the story's reach. 
bad Aniston's performance stands to change the way many people look at her, with a deft, tempered turn that also could end up redefining her career. 
fair "A thoughtful and frequently moving drama that insightfully illuminates what it's like to live with illness and agony." 
fair Odd that we're applauding the fact that an actress can, you know, act, but here we are celebrating Cake all the same. 
fair Worth sitting through just to watch Jennifer Aniston pull off a performance of a lifetime. 
bad Directed in moody, downbeat tones by Daniel Barnz, Cake doesn't know when to stop piling on the angst. 
bad A misguided therapy dramedy that attempts to portray pain and grief with strained whimsy. 
fair It puts us at a disadvantage for comprehending Claire, and it puts Claire at a disadvantage for becoming a recipient of our sympathy. 
fair The movie veers into something that feels sadly predictable by the end, once we've learned everything we need to know about Claire's tragic past. 
good It's no wonder that Aniston signed on to produce and star. The part is an actor's dream, and she had the aspiration and the guts to fully realize it. 
good "Cake" gives us an interesting character and a fine performance, nestled into a movie that doesn't really work. 
very_bad Perhaps a more imaginative director might have brought some genuine feeling or grace to this bathos, but Barnz merely allows Aniston maximum screen time and shoots her to highlight her artfully ratty hair and crosshatched skin. 
very_bad Unsure of whether it wants to be comedy or tragedy, it meanders along an awkward middle path. 
good Five words I never thought I'd string together: Jennifer Aniston made me cry. 
very_bad The script withholds information about Claire's accident, and when the reveal finally comes, it doesn't provide catharsis or empathy, so much as a sense of having been led around by the nose. 
bad Cake starts off like an edgy indie film and wraps up like one of the more serious episodes of Friends. Once Aniston's warts 'n' all performance has been highlighted, the movie seems to fizzle out, losing its momentum. 
terrible The tiresome story of a rotten, awful human being, who gets a redemption arc that's equal parts unsatisfying and unearned. 
bad Another in a long line of films in which beautiful people dowdy themselves up in an effort to Be Taken Seriously. 
fair It's not a bad film. But you would have to live within Claire's very small and pampered world to think it was a brave one. 
good The good news of "Cake" is that it proves that Aniston can be appealing without being exalted or gorgeous, by simply being average. 
fair I wish the movie were messier, more surprising. But as with most of what we see, made on small budgets and large: The performances are not the problem. 
very_bad There's no doubt that Aniston deserves more roles like this one but, with luck, in less maudlin, more surprising movies. 
good Claire is the sort of role fortysomething actresses dream of: utterly unglamorous; biting; wounded. 
fair Cake is an odd duck. It has a brilliant lead performance from its star, yet that performance is surrounded by tiresome cliches and contrivances torn straight out of the Independent Filmmaking 101 handbook. 
very_bad Alas, "Cake" can't rise simply from Aniston's performance. Had the script been sharper and the direction tighter, she might just have made the Oscar list. 
bad Neither painful nor powerful. 
bad A listless indie drama that never goes much of anywhere, with moments that are framed as revelatory but contain little in the way of revelation. 
good Solid performance by Aniston, but her character's trip from point A to B plots a well-trod course. 
bad Aniston proves, as always, a modestly gifted actress, only this time with scars and weedy hair. 
very_bad A sour, one-note dirge, it mistakes unrelenting self-pity for honesty, stewing in the pain of someone stewing in pain, and as oblivious to the misery of others as its self-involved, blinkered protagonist. 
fair The script goes soft, not Aniston. Instead of playing symptoms of chronic pain, she finds what's raw and festering underneath. Way to go, Aniston. 
good The sheer courage of Ms. Aniston grows on you, like a lichen. So does the movie. 
fair Oscar nomination or no, Aniston is the reason to see this. She's rarely been better. 
good Is Cake a great picture? Oh, good heavens, no. This is a small, unassuming movie that does contain an impressive performance from Aniston -- even without the nomination. 
very_bad It's a drag to see Aniston doubling down on the kind of sour, embittered role Cake offers, one with very little latitude for her comic chops or her natural way with a seen-it-all sigh. 
bad Cake is a study of grief that drowns in a cold bath of grim self-pity. 
bad Pass up this flaky, underwhelming confection... 
bad Jennifer Aniston's performance might be worth biting into, but Cake lacks an emotional depth that much more appealing treats tend to showcase. 
bad Aniston's solidly done departure probably would have organically received its due (and possibly even more credit) had it been a genuine discovery in a film released and sold as the modest, blip-on-the-radar non-event indie that it is. 
good In a turn that stands as the single best performance by an actress this year, Aniston offers her heart and soul in the role of her career. 
bad Nothing about Cake is remotely tempting or sweet. 
bad Cake indeed features a strong dramatic turn from Jennifer Aniston and it may or may not win her an Oscar nomination. But aside from that it's just a solid small-scale character study. 
fair The end result is a passable effort that succeeds most keenly as a platform for Aniston... 
very_bad A well acted guilt and redemption drama that doesn't have the courage of its convictions and is let down by predicatibility. 
very_bad Despite its sour centre, Cake's conceits quickly crumble, leaving just a half-baked pity. 
very_bad Repeats itself and strains for laughs where the original giddily stumbled through them. 
bad full review in Greek 
fair Meet the Fockers is frequently funny, but it turns a bit too cruel in the third act to be as worthy a sequel to its predecessor as it could have been 
very_bad Fans of the first will find some amusement in familiarity, but with such a comically able cast this is a missed opportunity. 
very_bad The expected misunderstandings ensue, as you'd expect, which would be pretty excruciating if not for the performances of Hoffman and Streisand. 
bad [Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand] seem to have been waiting their whole careers to do unrestrained comedy, and they step into their roles with unparalleled enthusiasm. 
bad ...just as mediocre and gratingly unfunny as its predecessor... 
very_bad Catch it on HBO for the sheer delight of everything Hoffman and Streisand do. It's fun to meet the Fockers themselves, but the rest of the movie can stay home. 
bad As far as completely pointless, redundant, superfluous sequels go, it could have been a lot worse. At least it wasn't ZOOLANDER 2 - MORE ZOOLANDISH 
good Hoffman, in particular, is a delight - he has an infectious comic energy that seems to light up the rest of the cast. 
very_bad A pergunta e: voce quer transformar o titulo brasileiro desta producao em realidade? 
good 'Quiza tenga una historia muy boba y situaciones absurdas llevadas al extremo, pero de eso se trata: de hacer reir con bobadas' 
bad Although not as disarmingly funny the second time around, inspired casting means that, unlike most in-laws, the Fockers don't outstay their welcome. 
bad so exaggerated that it veers wildly and awkwardly into pure, outlandish farce 
best It does what few comedies achieve, literally giving me a laugh a minute, sometimes good, deep belly laughs. 
very_bad Even Stiller, who I've always appreciated, seems to be going through the motions here. 
fair Gauge your interest by how you liked Parents and you won't be disappointed. 
very_bad The abundance of talent gathered for Meet the Fockers is sadly shortchanged by the unimaginative script and directorial laissez faire. 
bad Clearly contrived, yet at times undeniably funny. Still, from this cast, you may be expecting more substance and less sophomore. 
bad No se trata de una obra de arte ni una competidora a los Oscar, pero...A quin le importa eso cuando lo que uno busca es rerse un poco? 
bad ...[a] star-studded but tediously uneven low-brow sequel...Meet the Fockers is pretty much a flavorless family affair to forget 
fair Fockers has the combined subtlety of a libido-mad bull elephant and a bad case of flatulence in church, but that's the kind of movie it is. 
good You should get your kicks from the Fockers. 
bad Hoffman...is like the one kid in gym class who takes Frisbee golf seriously. 
terrible There is not one joke in Meet the Fockers. 
good Unlike Billy Crystal (Analyze This) and Eddie Murphy (Showtime), Stiller brings out De Niro's best comic instincts. 
bad . 
good Does little to alter the formula of the original, but the two films set a nice example of successful use of the concept of theme and variation. 
very_bad ...the story fails to take the high road... 
fair The foreplay was a little boring, but once they start Fockering, it works... It may be absurd and in poor taste, but that doesn't mean it can't still be funny. 
bad This is silliness that's good for a video replay on a rainy day. 
good A comic clash of stereotypical Red State and Blue State culture, but with a wish-fulfillment Hollywood ending in which 'Fockerization' triumphs... 
fair The Fockers is a must-have for family viewing. 
bad Like virtually every sequel to a hit comedy, it recycles and essentially beats to death everything that got a laugh in the original film. 
bad A one joke movie but Streisand and Hoffman make that one joke enjoyable. 
fair Both movies lack the real discomfort and awkwardness that comes with meeting future in-laws. 
very_bad You'd think after an eight-year absence from the screen, [Streisand would] return with more self-respect. 
terrible Meet the Fockers is get-rich-quick, no-thought-required sequel-mongering at its most mercenary. (Plus it's screamingly unfunny.) 
very_bad Fifteen years ago, a movie with Streisand, Hoffman and DeNiro in starring roles would have been considered the casting coup of the ages. 
fair This is American Pie for people over 35. 
very_bad It is Beavis and Butt-head rewriting The In-Laws, only the scripts for Beavis were much smarter. 
bad A resolutely average sequel, several subbasements below the first film in both comic inspiration and energy. 
good Often-uproarious. 
fair The exceptional cast turned the garden-variety script they were given into a movie that should please crowds throughout the holiday season. 
bad There are few things sadder than wasted potential, unless it's sitting through 115 minutes of mediocrity desperately searching for a few decent jokes. 
bad Despite a cast enhanced with notable players -- Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand come on board as the elder Fockers -- the movie has few new jokes to tell, offering little more than slight modulations of familiar scenarios. 
bad When a movie's title is based on a crass pun, you shouldn't expect the bar to be too high 
bad The laughs are few and far between, bearing only a sloppy, derivative resemblance to its predecessor. 
fair A silly good time. 
very_bad Delivers fewer laughs than its predecessor. 
very_bad The family is bigger, but the laughs aren't. 
good Meet the Fockers takes time to generate comic momentum, but the irresistible energy of Hoffman and Streisand soon refreshes the leftover story line from Parents. 
fair More than any recent comedy I can think of, Meet the Fockers seems likely to split audiences between those who find it deliriously funny and those who grind their teeth at its obviousness. 
bad For audiences that loved Meet the Parents, the movie is a welcome chance to revisit funny and familiar characters. 
fair Meet the Fockers is not much of a movie -- just a lot of comic situations barely held together by the semblance of a plot -- but it is genuinely funny in a crass way. 
good By the film's finale you'll pity any poor fool who actually is named Focker -- for following this picture they're certain to see a surge in mockery. 
good If you enjoyed Meet the Parents, you'll have just as much fun in Meet the Fockers. 
very_bad It's a toss-up as to who gets the worst end of the deal with Meet the Fockers: the audience or the film's all-star cast. 
very_bad Meet the Fockers is as tacky as its title, as crass as a kid learning his first cuss word. 
bad A sloppy and not-funny- enough sequel to Meet the Parents. 
bad Meet the Fockers, a sluggish sequel to the anarchic domestic comedy Meet the Parents, is one visit too many. 
fair If you keep your expectations in check, the encounter doesn't disappoint. 
bad Hoffman and Streisand give energetic, game performances, but the movie provides them with dispiritingly little material. 
fair One of those relatively rare comedies that's at once puerile, charming and very funny throughout. 
bad Amusing ... but not distinctive. 
bad Thanks to an ensemble cast that includes Robert De Niro, Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman, Meet The Fockers is much more fun than anticipated. 
bad There is some fun in watching the veterans mix it up -- De Niro, who looks like he wants to fade into the scenery, Streisand, who tries to eat it -- but nothing is well developed here. 
bad Playing up the socio-religious rifts of the first film, the sequel reflects the country's current political schisms. 
bad Hoffman and Streisand are the best things about Meet the Fockers. The movie would have been better off spending more time with them instead of focusing again on the uneasy relationship between eager-to-please Greg and his father-in-law- to-be Jack. 
bad Given how well Stiller and De Niro play off each other, you'll wish they had more to work with. 
bad The movie is pleasant enough, but never quite reaches critical mass as a comedy. 
fair A rascally little play on words is the funniest element of Meet the Fockers, a sequel with big name stars and, only occasionally, laughs to match. 
fair Culture-clashing through the snow, in a one-joke open sleigh, Meet the Fockers goes, laughing all the way . . . to the bank. 
bad The sequel is pretty much what you'd expect--mindless fluff with maybe a little less calamity than its predecessor, but a lot more schmaltz. Oy vey! 
bad Hoffman and Streisand provide some laughs in this sequel to Meet the Parents but the screenplay lacks comic zest. 
fair The picture has two lingering scenes that are so excruciatingly funny they compensate for the material that flounders. 
very_bad And you thought your parents were embarrassing. 
good Meet the Fockers isn't quite as funny as its predecessor, but it definitely has its moments. 
good Meet The Fockers is a fine sequel; not surpassing the original, but clearly putting forth more of an effort than most follow-ups do into the script department. 
fair MtF works rather well &#150; although it sometimes lacks the smoothness of its predecessor. 
good This isn't just a second helping of Gaylord Focker humiliation, for once here's a comedy sequel that manages to revisit its world without banally repeating it. 
bad Because no good joke in Hollywood goes untold again ... and again, the mixed-couple setup receives another extended workout in this modestly amusing sequel. 
good Formulaic but consistently funny. 
fair So many subplots are piled onto Meet the Fockers that it's a wonder any of the glittering talents assembled here have room to be funny. 
very_bad A weary retread without a fraction of the inventiveness that sparked the original. 
bad Never has so much talent been wasted with so little imagination. 
bad Director Jay Roach gives the film no visual distinction whatsoever but packs on the jokes with tireless bustle. 
bad Though it's good to see [Stiller] back in his stumbling, bumbling element, it's a bummer to see his element wasted in such stumbling, bumbling gags. 
bad Simply too much unpleasantness afoot. 
terrible An infantile, desperately uncreative sequel that will do anything for a cheap laugh. Just imagine Meet the Parents remade for the comedy sensibilities of a 12-year-old. 
very_bad DeNiro is pretty much the only reason to see Meet the Fockers...[betrays] creative exhaustion. 
bad Stiller - by starring in Meet the Fockers, one of the year's final releases - pulls into a buzzer-beating tie with Jude Law as the most-overexposed actor of the movie year. 
terrible There's room left open, of course, for the eagerly-awaited conclusion to the Parent Focker trilogy. Here's hoping that when that blessed day arrives, I'll be good and dead. 
bad repetitious and just not that funny on the whole, especially since it's so derivative and out of character next to the original 
bad Forced and formulaic sequel ... is a tedious disappointment. 
very_good If you don't think Ben Stiller is funny, Spanglish is playing at the next theater over. Meet The Fockers made me laugh so hard my stomach started to ache. 
very_bad Features three of the most frightening noses in the business (Streisand, Hoffman and Owen Wilson). Consider yourself lucky it's not in 3D. 
very_bad A frantic, pointless sequel, funny in clumps, but mostly contrived and empty. 
fair While there is a serious subtext, cast and crew remember that this is essentially a frivolous comedy 
good Donkey, with his endless asides and phenomenally thick skin, is as much of a pleasure as he was in the first film, but he has a challenger: Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas. 
bad There's no denying that Shrek 2 is fun, but it's fun without substance, and like the bubbles in the Fairy Godmother's potions, it evaporates quickly. 
very_good It's a close call as to which one's better. 
very_good It's not often that a sequel is richer and deeper than the original creation, especially when we're talking about the offerings of Hollywood. But Shrek 2 is the exception. 
good The characters are still charming, the animation really is spectacularly smooth and expressive, and the Looney Tunes-style humor and pop-culture in-jokes are as inventive and hilarious as before. 
best Shrek 2 is as much of a shriek as the original and if they keep putting out films as charming as this one, we'll all live happily ever after. 
fair Shrek 2 retains all the fun, artistry and pop stylings of Shrek. 
good Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel. It's very funny, very fresh, and leaves one anxious for the next installment. 
very_good If fall movies were this consistently clever, there would never be reason to hesitate before plunking down hard-earned bucks at the multiplex. 
good There's plenty of subtle satire and double entendres for young and old alike to savour. 
best Just as much fairytale fun as the first one. 
very_good One couldn't ask for a better sequel than Shrek 2. 
good All the cast are uniformly excellent in their roles. 
bad While Shrek 2 bowls merrily along on the fuel of firecracker wit and knowing pastiche that made the original so memorable, it will come as no surprise that second time around we don't feel quite so discombobulated by its brilliance. 
very_bad The most accurate way to sum up Shrek 2 is that it is exactly like the original. 
good You'll be laughing from the first five minutes. 
very_good It ends up not so much an extension of Shrek's story as an improved retelling. [It's] critique applies to any culture that has codes of behavior and appearance. 
fair Oh, Antonio; as a human you are -- forgive me -- less than convincing, but as a marmalade pussycat in shiny black thigh-high boots you are absolutely sensational. 
good Great amusement, spectacular visuals, and a wholesome story everyone can enjoy. 
very_good a familiar, but funny story of matrimonial turbulence and interfamilial discord ... with a few twisted fairy tale twists, of course 
best 'Perfecto ejemplo del cine del nuevo milenio, asi como uno de los logros mas importantes en la historia del celuloide. Es, simple y sencillamente, genial e inolvidable.' 
bad At best, hit and miss comedy. 
bad An enjoyable if not especially imaginative sequel. 
good Enjoyable sequel that reigns in the satirical bite of the original but still delivers plenty of laughs. 
good Gauged simply as a gag fest, this is a jolly rib tickle from start to big finish for anyone between six and death. However, it is stretched thinly in development of plot and character. 
good Twice as irreverent, twice as flatulent and, at times, twice as much fun as the original. 
bad Shrek has become a shill, peddling everything from breakfast cereal to M&M's. But is the ready-made blockbuster to the original really all that or just more of the same? 
very_good La trama es sencilla pero explosiva, dando pauta a que los mas ligeros acontecimientos puedan arrebatarnos sonrisas de irreverencia. 
good Contando uma historia engracada e interessante, o longa continua a tratar as fabulas com irreverencia. 
very_bad Fe Fi Ho Hum! 
good The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical. "Shrek 2" feels very fantastic and improbable. 
good Shrek 2 is a smorgasbord of delights, with something for all ages. 
best With a witty premise, an all-star cast and a show-stopping rendition of Holding Out For a Hero as the new movie anthem, what's not to love? 
bad In the best Hollywood tradition, Shrek 2 boldly argues against a prejudice nobody actually has. 
fair If Antonio Banderas would have played Zorro more like Puss 'n Boots, that movie might have been a lot better. 
good A lovelier movie than the first, but...not quite as magical. 
very_good ....thoughtful, extensive, focused and energetic without actually being a retread of the past 
good While it's not terribly original--it never takes the premise or characters anywhere new--you'll be so busy laughing you won't care. 
very_good Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear. 
very_good ...it is a rewarding experience just to play "spot the hilarious movie reference" even if you don't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. But you do care. 
bad Antonio for Best Supporting Actor! Puss in Boots is the best reason to see a film this summer. 
best The sequel may lack the surprise of the original, but it more than makes up for it in terms of the speed -- and volume -- of pop-culture riffs hitting the screen. 
very_good The Shrek gang is back and the new film is better than ever. 
very_good Retains the best of the original - funny characters, smart dialogue, sharp wit and a sweet moral - with less of the obnoxious aspects, and an hilarious new character. 
good The humor is so satisfying in its moment-to-moment pleasures that it's almost unsportsmanlike to criticize the bigger picture. 
fair Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first. 
very_bad Anyone wanting to see well-crafted animated films that don't rely exclusively on making fun of pre-existing material for their jokes should stick with Pixar. 
good With its Meet the Parents vibe and its twisted take on classic fairy tale standards, Shrek 2 is always entertaining and often hilarious. 
good I haven't left a theatre with this kind of smile on my face since Elf. 
good The long list of sequels to be released in coming months will have a hard time measuring up to this green giant. 
bad There is distinctly less magic and fun in SHREK 2 as the title ogre has problems becoming accepted by his in-laws. 
good The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure, and thankfully the folks behind this one haven't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick. 
very_good There's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold. 
bad Is it the second coming of DreamWorks? No, just the second coming of Shrek, which, frankly, is good enough for me. 
very_good Shrek 2 is a fun film that the whole family can enjoy. I think the adults may enjoy it even more than the kids. 
good Often very amusing, thanks to a droll script by co-director and co-writer Andrew Adamson (Shrek) and others and a terrific roster of supporting players. 
good I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the first film and anyone who enjoys fun, fluffy, all-around entertaining animated movies altogether. 
good The depiction of what is essentially a mixed marriage has more tender nuances than many 'serious' films that confront the topic outright. 
bad Apart from Antonio Banderas' sizzling bout of self-parody as Puss in Boots, who boasts a slashing trademark and Latin bravado akin to Zorro's, Shrek 2 is mostly just dreck squared. 
best One viewing isn&#8217;t enough. There&#8217;s layer upon layer of visual gags, and in many cases, they&#8217;re funnier than those in the dialogue. 
bad It's comfortable, easy and warm, and if it leaves you with a slight feeling of deja vu at the end, what else did you expect? 
good Cute, cute, cute is pretty much the defining description of Shrek 2. 
fair Less magical and falls short of the 2001 Oscar-winning hit -- but that still leaves plenty of room for the new film to entertain. 
fair There's a lot more to Shrek 2 than this 'I'm-okay- you're-okay' idealism, namely non-stop jokes that are clever, surreal and good-natured. 
fair There is a fine line between name-dropping a product or TV show for laughs and genuinely writing something that is funny on its own merit 
best Once or twice a decade, a moment comes along that's so through-the-roof, rupture-your-hernia funny that it reaffirms my faith in comedy. 'Shrek 2' has several of those. 
very_good Shrek 2 serves up a heapin' helping of merriment and mayhem within a spectacular concoction of animated brilliance! READ ON-> 
best C'est simple: si vous avez aime Shrek, vous adorerez Shrek 2. 
best Shrek 2" proves a sequel not only can be good - but can be great. 
good At its best, this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation, blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire. 
best Fairytales like this can come true... for me and for you. 
fair Clearly, it's a problem when a movie's least interesting characters are its title hero and his signficant ogre... 
very_good Still flashy, funny and irreverent, balanced with a keen understanding of its lead characters that makes it more than just franchised eye-candy. 
very_good ...the villain this time around is Fairy Godmother herself, who acts like a magically powered plastic surgeon. 
fair Manages to be a lot of fun while still playing it safe. 
very_good What's amazingly gutsy about Shrek 2 is its ability to dare to duplicate the infectious wit of its Academy-Award winning predecessor 
bad None of the jokes stand on their own as jokes; they depend on the usual boys' bathroom humor and on pop culture references that range from a bit outdated to very outdated. 
good Getting to spend more time with these guys is a treat, but ultimately this is a mostly unnecessary sequel. 
fair Somebody warn Ellen Degeneres that her brief reign as best supporting cartoon voice is now in jeopardy. 
good Lively and fun. 
very_good It's sharp, funny and has a twisted sensibility that manages to be just right for every age group. 
good Every bit the equal of the first film. 
very_good Delivers more fun than there is slime in a green ogre's swamp. 
fair Funny and forgettable. 
good Offers twice the fun, twice the pop references and double the amount of astonishing technical wizardry of its predecessor. 
very_good The Shrek franchise is alive and well -- Model 2 is zippier, sleeker, with ever-improving graphics, vast commercial potential and the same sly ability to reach out and hook the whole family. 
very_bad Gags that feel tired, too many musical interludes, a story that doesn't really progress from the first film -- Shrek 2 feels a day late and an enchanted princess short. 
best It's even more clever than the first Shrek, with even more advanced animation, and a larger cast that is equal to the original winning trinity of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz. 
best This fractured, very showbizzy deconstruction of fairy tales is in many ways the Godfather: Part II of animations -- it tops its successful predecessor. 
bad The animation is still startlingly good and that, as well as the occasional bursts of wit, keeps Shrek 2 afloat. 
good The sequel to the 2001 computer-animated hit is just as fast, funny and smart as fans were hoping it would be. 
fair The thrill isn't quite gone, but almost. 
very_good One of the all-too-rare movie sequels that's better than the original. 
very_good It may not be great art, but it's funny stuff for all ages -- and that's a rare treat. 
very_good Shrek 2 proves that winning writing trumps scenery chewing any day. 
fair A welcome return, even if it won't leave you entirely happy ever after. 
best For many people, especially adults, Shrek 2 will be judged the superior of the two pictures. 
good A frenetic and very enjoyable 93 minutes at the movies for child and parent alike. 
very_good Kids will enjoy this fast and funny comedy, but the parents will get more of the jokes. 
very_good Shrek would tell Kermit to shove it. Sure, it's easy being green. 
bad Desperately pleading for our laughs, Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original's fun spirit with none of its heart. 
bad Shrek 2 is by no means a bad film. Far from it. However, claims that it's better than the original are wildly overblown... 
good Not as funny as the first film, but the story is richer, more emotionally complex and better written. 
good A respectable effort and a solid example of family-friendly entertainment. 
good Shrek 2 will charm audiences much like the original. 
best Antonio Banderas and the Dreamworks animators have teamed up to create a great character, Puss-in-Boots. Cat 'people' will love this! 
very_good A sequel that is every bit as delightful as the original... You might not live happily ever after, but you certainly will live happily for 93 minutes. 
best Move over "Godfather 2", "Shrek 2" is the new king of sequels 
good With more of an epilogue than a sequel, Dreamworks manages to squeeze a few more drops of humor out of William Steig's beloved ogre. 
best Funnier than the original. 
good The first Shrek film was an instant classic, and while Shrek 2 may not be at that same level, it isn't far off. 
very_good The big green guy's still got it! 
fair if not a necessary sequel, certainly a welcome one 
very_good Shrek 2 is smart and silly and exceedingly beautiful to look at; it has a romantic heart and a self-deprecating wink...plus it's just plain old funny! 
best Shrek 2 absolutely lives up to the original in every way. It's just as sweet, just as heartfelt, and just as hilarious. 
good In a movie filled with imaginative bits, [Puss In Boots] emerges as the cat's meow. 
very_good Shrek 2 is exactly what we want in our sequels; respect for its origins, growth in the characters and an honest attempt to replicate its laugh quotient. 
very_good The writers bombard Puss-in-Boots with cat jokes, and I just couldn't stop laughing every time he was on the screen. 
good Shrek 2 may not be as fresh and new as the original, but you still can't stop yourself from lovin' the big green ogre anyway. 
very_good The spirit that made the first film such a charmer survives intact. 
very_good Shrek 2 brims with perverse pleasures that show no respect for the rules of kiddie-cartoon form. 
very_good A sequel as exhilarating and riotously funny as 2001's top-grossing original. 
good Not quite as sparkling as the first, but it gets nuttier as it goes along. 
very_good So gorgeously animated and so thoroughly entertaining for all ages that only an ogre would complain it's not quite as fresh as the original. 
good This sequel is above average in terms of energy, cleverness and production values. But the original computer-animated blockbuster was so far off the scale that it's hardly fair to expect this one to measure up. 
good A solid if not groundbreaking yarn. 
good Shrek 2 is bright, lively and entertaining, but it's no Shrek. 
best As funny, sweet and engaging as the first film. 
bad Predicated entirely on "Three's Company"-quality contrivances, requiring all the characters to behave like jackasses in order for the plot to advance. 
very_good This is joyous filmmaking, proof that not all fairy tales have to end. 
best I predict this raucously funny, deliciously irreverent comedy will outdraw, outperform and outlast the competition this summer. The ogre rules! 
good With delightful new characters, Shrek 2 is the compleat family comedy about being happy in one's own skin -- just what we need in a country obsessed with extreme makeovers. 
very_good ...the sequel has come close to rivaling the original and you will leave ready to see it all again. I don't imagine I'll be writing that compliment often this summer. 
very_good Lampoons a number of fairy-tale conventions but engages in the conflict and warmth of un-enchanted humanity. 
good Blazes across the screen with mature, rapid-fire wit; genuine warmth; and rainbow-colored visual beauty. 
very_bad DreamWorks, the supposed anti-Disney, is producing product the unfortunate equal of their archenemy. 
very_good Another don't-miss gem from DreamWorks. 
best Shrek 2 is one of the great movies of all time. 
very_good The film is amusing from start to finish, but one pseudo-video-taped segment of "KNIGHTS" (a "COPS" spoof) rocks the theater. It's hands down (or handcuffed) hilarious. 
bad Parfaits are in order for viewing this sequel that stumbles badly before hitting its stride halfway through its running time 
terrible Credit Shrek 2 for being the rare sequel that more or less equals its predecessor-the first film was garbage, and so is the second. 
best Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism. 
best Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart. 
best In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator. 
best As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get. 
very_good a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller 
very_good ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre. 
best hitchcock perfection 
best Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department. 
very_good Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles. 
best What a great movie. 
best A stellar film. 
best ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance... 
very_good ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library. 
best Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether. 
best One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.' 
best Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window. 
best Interesting and fun from the start. 
best Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay. 
best In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch. 
best What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made. 
best Masterpiece! 
best A cinematic treasure! 
best One of the finest ever committed to celluloid! 
best The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made. 
best Since the 1954 Alfred Hitchcock classic is all about the voyeuristic instinct, the better the view, the more sensational the experience. 
best A brilliant idea for a movie. 
best voyeuristic mystery is a masterpiece of meticulous detail. 
very_good [This] 1954 thriller, often cited as one of the greatest films ever made, could be seen as some kind of ode to voyeurism. 
best For some real voyeuristic thrills, one cannot do better than Universal's sparkling remaster of Alfred Hitchcock's timeless (that is, aside from the dated, soundstagey production design) 1954 classic. 
best The director's most accomplished film. 
best Its appeal, which goes beyond that of other, equally masterly Hitchcock works, remains undiminished. 
bad The sheer charisma of the performances - from a screwball Murphy and a caustic Fanning - manages to float a sentimental script that frequently fizzes where it should pop. 
very_bad A lame, predictable comedy. 
very_bad Fanning practically dares the audience to throw sharp objects at the screen with her thoroughly obnoxious performance. 
terrible horribly misguided 
bad 'El resultado es bastante mediocre, pues la cinta es bastante predecible y francamente aburrida' 
bad ...an incredibly formulaic setup that would be more at home in a made-for-TV movie starring Patricia Heaton and that little girl from Seventh Heaven. 
bad Whether you buy Uptown Girls or not will depend on whether you're willing to go along with its utterly contrived and formulaic plot. 
very_bad It is a confusing experience-a film unsure of what it wants to be 
very_bad If you're a fan of treacly, superficial stories about completely unlikable people forming friendships, or if you like pratfalls, then this is the movie for you. 
bad While the movie hits on a bunch of emotional topics, the dialogue veers into the mawkish far more than necessary. 
bad The ending is so forced that it betrays the movie's potential. 
bad In truth, this isn't nearly as bad as it sounds. Fanning is really good and Murphy gives as good as she gets. 
very_bad Can two over-pampered but fundamentally lonely persons of the blonde female persuasion bond meaningfully with each other while shopping? 
very_bad Combine two mannered performances with a script intent on achieving maximum cuteness, and you've got one wince-inducing sugar rush. 
bad Gives chick flicks a bad name. 
terrible A reworking of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? with Fanning in the Davis role and, say, Emily Osment in the Crawford one might be a smart bet for some forward-thinking producer. 
very_bad Several decent movies are screaming to get out of "Uptown Girls." 
bad You can feel the screenwriters run out of ideas early on. 
bad Brittany Murphy is top billed, but nine-year-old Dakota Fanning almost makes the cloying, predictable film interesting. 
terrible This is one sad, dull film. 
bad Cute little girl playing dress-up (and Dakota wasn't bad either) - this may not be classic cinema, but it fits nicely into the guilty pleasure category. 
terrible None of it is handled with any emotional believability or grace. 
fair Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning make for a winning combination, and their characters' sometimes dark journeys do not always take the most obvious route to the inevitable happy ending. 
fair You're going to forget this one as soon as you finish watching. And if you don't, it will probably be because you want to complain about how uninspired and unoriginal it is. 
fair Entirely unoriginal and unbelievably predictable, but director Boaz Yakin knows how to create Kodak moments for the crowd that desires such fare. 
terrible The turn from frothy comedy to offputting pathos would be a jarring tone shift, if the movie had any consistent tone at the outset. 
bad Unfortunately, the emotionally resonant moments between Murphy and Fanning are few and far between. 
bad You can snicker and enjoy all at once. 
very_bad Everything has a blurry, much-edited quality, and the story lines don't mesh. 
bad There's more than a hint of desperation to Murphy's characterization. 
terrible It's excruciating, a film of forced humor and fake, grating sentimentality, featuring two lead performances that elicit neither affection nor empathy. 
bad A saccharine and shamelessly manipulative piece of fluff. 
very_bad If you own a statuette that declares, 'I wuv you THIS much,' you're the target audience for this sickeningly sweet girl-power pic. 
very_bad Not an especially raucous comedy, but it is an unfunny, rhythmless one. 
terrible A creepy, depressing and leering 'comedy' that's a virtual collection of 'What were they thinking?' moments. 
very_bad Like a linty old sour ball. It starts off a bit gritty and leaves a sickeningly sweet aftertaste. 
terrible About a young woman who goes to work for and eventually befriends the most obnoxious child ever to exist on this planet. 
very_bad In the end, it's 'Moo' the pig, that comes off looking the best here. 
bad When Uptown Girls isn't trying to play up its wacky high jinks ... it stoops to the kind of psychological character development films this shallow should really avoid like the plague. 
very_bad This alleged comedy is so tedious that it feels twice its rather slight length. 
bad Fanning's black rage caused by the very unfunny matters of parental neglect and the impending death of a loved one grates against the film's driving purpose as lightweight fare. 
very_bad Director Boaz Yakin ... keeps shying from the darker material like a studio-trained racehorse, heading for the safer turf of slapstick and schmaltz. 
very_bad Brittany Murphy...once again flashing come-hither lips, hair, legs and everything else when her dark eyes would do just fine. 
fair Yakin and the great cinematographer Michael Ballhaus give the afternoon such a primal, heartbreaking sadness that you feel like you're watching Lillian Gish in a D.W. Griffith melodrama. 
terrible Haphazardly slapped together without an original bone in its anorexic frame. 
fair So shiny and sweet, it's too bad director Boaz Yakin couldn't squeeze more originality into it. 
good Murphy's performance has a kind of ineffable mischievous innocence about it. 
bad Takes an extremely obvious comic situation ... and misses the easy laughs by miles. 
terrible What Uptown Girls amounts to is two creeps yelling at each other for 90 minutes. 
bad Uptown Girls is supposed to be funny and emotionally wrenching, and the film certainly is, but for all the wrong reasons. 
very_bad For a comedy, it's surprisingly laugh-free and for an oh-so-message-laden tale of spoiled-gal redemption, it's irritatingly sincerity-free. 
very_bad An embarrassingly silly exercise that mostly serves as a platform for Brittany Murphy to model a fab wardrobe and glam hairstyles. 
terrible The film is close to a disaster in its remarkably rigid formula. 
fair Uptown Girls lacks the urban specificity that helped to make The World of Henry Orient such an uptown-girl classic, but it works up a sentimental tug that should moisten the eyes of many a moppet and mom. 
very_bad [A] standard variation of the princess myth. 
very_bad When Uptown Girls is released on DVD, its commentary tracks should consist of a single looped phrase: 'We're truly sorry.' 
very_bad A consistently strained effort. 
bad It'll take more than a spoonful of sugar to make this medicine go down. 
good A colorful, creative, deliciously frolicsome romp. 
bad The screenplay is by the numbers. 
very_bad [A] comedy with no laughs. 
very_bad Contrived and amateurish. 
fair Or maybe the film is so fun because we actually get to see Dakota Fanning slap the living **** out of Brittany Murphy at Coney Island. 
bad (Brittany Murphy)is capable of so much more than becoming another Reese Witherspoon, wasting her talents for a fat paycheck. 
very_bad The movie turns Fanning into a line-spewing automaton rather than a real human being. 
very_bad Can two lonely hearts come together as one, rendering them Best Friends? I don't care, and neither should you. 
terrible Between this and I Am Sam, someone should call protective services on behalf of young Fanning. 
terrible the audience is left with nothing else to do but give a collective yawn of impatient indifference 
terrible I'm a fan of both Murphy and Fanning; but this film might be one they'll leave off their resumes. 
bad mostly unfunny 
fair ...benefits from the inclusion of several genuinely funny whacked-out bits of comedy... 
very_bad Disappointing comedy that takes a single joke and attempts to stretch it over an entire movie, with predictably poor results. 
terrible Odd-couple comedy that tries much too hard and, in other ways, not hard enough. 
bad Relentlessly bad taste. 
terrible Oh, brother! Firing blanks in every direction, this tedious vehicle for two hard-to-like comedians is stillborn from the off. 
terrible Direction is undistinguished, and the editing leaves far too much room for laughs that never arrive. 
terrible A series of musty gross-out gags ranging in sophistication from sperm bank hijinks to sloppy man-on-man kissing, Bob Odenkirk's cringemaker-with-a-heart is a ragged Xerox of Dumb And Dumber that seems incredibly creaky after the summer of Superbad. 
terrible The only amusement here comes from counting the imaginary tumbleweeds that so frequently roll across the screen. 
terrible Audiences will need an epidural to endure the excruciating pain of watching this geek-and-jerk combo stumble through three trimesters. 
terrible Imagines what might happen if Rod and Todd Flanders grew up and decided to have a surrogate child together. 
very_bad Indeed the exercise in barely-organized stupidity that it appears to be. 
terrible It can't be a coincidence that the movie's initials are 'B.S.' 
very_bad Three gags miss for every one that hits. 
terrible What feels like a three-hour descent into boredom is only a 90-minute test of might -- pitting you against unlikable characters, horribly written dialogue, and direction that's as painful as a root canal. 
very_bad A syrupy fable about love and family? What happened? 
very_bad The Brothers Solomon is still on the beach with its head in the sand. 
very_bad The script focuses more on its over-egged punchlines than any genuine attempt to tell a story that might amuse us. And it feels like a one-gag sketch stretched beyond the breaking point. 
bad ...oddly winning. 
terrible Wanna see a raunchy, hilarious adult comedy? Then by all means go to "Superbad," the not-so-surprise hit about being a teen-ager that's definitely for grownups. 
very_bad In real life, if you met John (Arnett) and Dean Solomon (Will Forte), you'd probably walk away thinking they were either suffering from some mental disorder or serial killers in training. 
terrible A readily-forgettable romantic comedy which, unfortunately, entirely fails to be funny along the way 
fair The film as a whole encounters some bumps in the road, but it is also better than most will be expecting. 
bad It's a moderately funny premise in search of some real laughs. 
very_bad If anyone is to blame for this bomb it's Forte: He wrote the thing, and one would assume he's the one responsible for those uncomfortable silences where jokes are supposed to be. 
terrible Neither Odenkirk's limp direction nor SNL alumnus Will Forte's script -- not nearly clever enough to get away with its questionable gags about matters sexual and racial -- provides much by way of actual plot or comedy. 
fair Odenkirk keeps the absurdity both contained and free-flowing. 
terrible It's hard to hate a movie that tries so valiantly to resurrect the career of Lee Majors. But even that noble task ultimately fails. 
terrible A strong argument for birth control and 2007's worst comedy to date. 
very_bad Better suited to 10 minutes of television than 90 minutes of cinema. 
terrible Excruciatingly acted and ineptly directed. 
very_bad The upbeat brothers are full of sweetness and love, but the script is made of taffy, and if you can chew and laugh at the same time, you're welcome to it. 
fair The Brothers Solomon isn't for all tastes, but if you like your comedy a little twisted, it's a satisfying, if imperfect, swig of silliness. 
terrible Frankly, this is one of those failures that is doubly disappointing when you consider the calibre of the failees. 
terrible The film is another example of how talented TV performers often lose their way in movies. 
terrible The trick to a comedy like this is to make an audience care about these goofballs, but we're just like everyone else the brothers come into contact with. We simply wish they would go away. 
very_bad Early on you realize these dorks aren't going to get any funnier, and it's a sinking feeling. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, noooo! 
terrible It's bad enough that Odenkirk can't wring a single laugh out of cameos by funny folks like Jenna Fischer (TV's The Office) or Bill Hader (Superbad), but it's simply astonishing how he squanders Kristin Wiig. 
bad This new goof might have been funnier still if the premise weren't so derivative, so just been there, done that. 
very_bad This miscarriage of a movie feels more like a overly long SNL skit that never knows when to end. 
very_bad Who knew 'Dumb And Dumber' would turn out to be one of the most influential films of all time? 
terrible They should make Charles Manson and The Son of Sam watch this movie every single day of their lives until they feel sorry for what they have done. 
bad A decidedly mixed bag, one that never gets over its inherent fault but still makes a mediocre effort. 
terrible During the fallow opening minutes of The Brothers Solomon, I started keeping track of how much time would elapse before it made me laugh. Still waiting. 
terrible It isn't funny. 
terrible The not-funniest comedy of the year so far. 
fair A little like Knocked Up, if Knocked Up were knocked up by Hot Rod and delivered by Dumb and Dumber. 
bad These sibs make the dim bulbs of such Farrelly Brothers' comedies as Dumb and Dumber and Me Myself and Irene seem like Mensa Club members. 
very_bad Chances are Hollywood won't be making Dumb and Dumbererest, so The Brothers Solomon will have to do. 
bad Shows how far SNL has fallen in its attempt to create original comedy; other times, it makes the Farrelly Brothers seem tasteful. 
terrible With The Brothers Solomon, Will Arnett continues to squander the goodwill he engendered as Gob on Arrested Development. 
good The narrative structure is a little shaky at times, and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them, but my goodness it's compelling. 
bad It's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities 
bad Often poetic, but lacks dramatic punch. 
bad The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools, traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines. 
bad It's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be, but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping. 
fair Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai (In the Mood for Love) to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop. 
good The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it. 
good Wong Kar-wei's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around, as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man. 
bad The sheer class of the production ensures that it's not entirely ruined by its flaws. 
bad It's suffused with emotional repression and it's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic. 
bad As a film-maker, Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre, style and mannerism. It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work. 
good It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema, but that's almost certainly enough to recommend it. 
bad This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant, occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form. 
bad Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur, celebrating the elegance of combat, rather than the brutality. 
fair This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I don't know. I was very interested about all this north, south the various elements of Kung Fu. I learned stuff from the film. 
fair Tony Leung's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film, but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er, and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role, especially in the later scenes. 
terrible An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats. Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot. 
fair It is rich, distinctive and lush, as you would expect, although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming. 
very_bad In the absence of genuine profundity, but with dazzling craft on frequent display, his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure. 
very_bad As commendable as Wong's film is at visualizing things, it's far less proficient at contextualizing them. 
bad Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it's standing still. 
bad The American version is beautiful and moody, and it is muddy in expression, but probably worth seeing anyway. 
very_good Wong Kar Wai has something slow, lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man (Tony Leung), the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee. He offers a chance to dream in kung fu. 
fair A complete surprise. Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance. 
bad The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee. 
very_good ...closer in tone to an art movie, an exercise in pure cinema, than it is a chopsocky extravaganza 
very_good The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong's body of work, a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament. This one just happens to have kung fu, too. 
very_bad An emotional moving, thrilling and provocative drama that's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling. 
good More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand, the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love. 
bad [Wong Kar-wai] is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man's difficult life, and a ballet out of the many action sequences. 
very_good Martial arts, resonant themes, and lush visuals make a well-rounded package 
bad He's typically more show than tell, but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling. 
good It ranks with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens. 
good You leave this deeply flawed, deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action. 
fair I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now. And it's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it. 
fair Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master. A master of character - deep, rich, truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster, he is not. 
fair [W]e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be. 
bad Beautiful but troubled, achieving in stretches the director's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions. 
good Granted, "The Grandmaster" is not a primer on Chinese philosophy. Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans. 
good As a kung fu film, "The Grandmaster," with its exhilarating fighting sequences, won't disappoint. As a Wong Kar-wai film, it rates high. 
very_good Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art. His "The Grandmaster" is a picture of staggering beauty. 
good The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts, but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision. 
fair "The Grandmaster" is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating, sensuous, even sublime. To that end, "The Grandmaster" doesn't disappoint. 
very_bad The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools, failing as both a biography and an action film. 
best A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga, a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism. 
very_good You don't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by "The Grandmaster," the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man's early life by director Wong Kar Wai. 
good Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations, the tastefully bittersweet "Grandmaster" puts us in the mood for more. 
fair Fans of Wong's esthetic will no doubt lap it up, as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features, while Chang Chen, cast here as a character called The Razor, makes his third appearance. 
good It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong. 
very_good It's a terrific film, and it's a lot of fun. 
terrible This super-serious, horribly-told story may focus on kung fu, but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold. 
bad It's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie. 
very_good More than anything, perhaps, The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that, at least in this cut, seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er... 
best One of the best films of 2013. Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic: he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China, with orchids, opium, crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s 
fair The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action. 
bad The Grandmaster is languorous, lovely, and familiar to admirers of Wong's past work. It also feels out of balance with what's come before, even when the film doubles back for more action scenes. 
bad Wong Kar Wai is one of the world's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing. Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script. 
good Yip Man lives! 
bad The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy, disjointed pseudo-biopic, one that loses interest in its subject halfway through. 
fair Somber, stylized and visually stunning 
bad Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing, Wong Kar-wai's latest movie offers a hybrid that's hard to decipher. 
good A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see. 
fair Ip Man's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers. Wong builds upon it, establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan, Ip Man's home city in southern China. 
fair There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's new film, The Grandmaster, that are as gorgeous as anything you'll see on a screen this year, or perhaps this decade. 
good Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars, and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography. 
good this is one filmmaker so talented that, even when he's manipulated, he's amazing 
bad With so many years spent on it, Wong should have been able to see that the structure wasn't coming together and that his characters needed further work. 
good Wong's genius for overheated, overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s. 
good Despite its problems, The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies. 
good You'll feel decadent enjoying it, but everything is so tasty, it would be foolish to object. 
good An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography, though the second component pales in comparison with the first. 
good However much history informs this movie, "The Grandmaster" is, at its most persuasive, about the triumph of style. 
fair Virtually incomprehensible, but a beautiful mess. 
bad An exquisite-looking, fitfully moving drama from the director of "In the Mood for Love." 
terrible How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull? 
bad Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work; there's a pretty dullness here that shouldn't be confused for mastery. 
fair It's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man. 
fair Lovely, well-acted with great set pieces, but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope 
fair The film, more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films, is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator's head. 
fair The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully. Despite its camera work being clean and crisp, the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced. 
good Beautifully crafted, nominated for nine Academy Awards, a big hit at the box office -- and a dramatic dud. 
bad The film has star appeal and gossip appeal, and the disc's soundtrack makes viewing it worthwhile, but sometimes you want to reach through the screen, reach through characters, reach through the words, reach through every layer of artistic endeavor, and s 
good An understatedly suspenseful drama with both Fonda and Redgrave giving impassioned performances. 
bad The movie looks soft, which has nothing to do with the Hellman flintiness, guts, self-mockery, wisdom, above all, impatience with cant. 
best Fascinating, well structured drama with Fonda and Redgrave at their best. 
fair This movie's problems start with its point of view, and it never quite recovers from them. 
good Powerful story with superb performances. 
bad Um dos misterios do Oscar, que, alem de premiar uma atuacao banal de Robards, indicou este filme apenas mediano em 10 outras categorias. Marcou a estreia de Streep nas telas. 
bad The first Universal mummy movie that's not really worth it. 
very_bad A B-programmer sequel and how come no one ever thinks to just outrun that slow-moving, one-armed stalker! 
fair The Mummy's Tomb is perhaps the most economical film Universal ever turned out. 
very_bad I know mummies are supposed to be dusty, but... 
fair This sequel of a sequel dilutes the earlier film's successful formula of comedy, adventure and action. 
good Jim Sheridan's handsome but overwrought remake of the superior Danish film Brodre by Susanne Bier suffers the usual vulgarizations associated with transposing a foreign film to the American cineplex ... 
fair Streep does an amazing job bringing television cooking legend Julia Child to life and making us smile every frame of the way. 
bad Half-baked comedy barely whets the appetite. 
best You might dismiss this as a "chick flick", but I think anyone can enjoy it. You don't have to leave your "Manly-Man" card at the door. 
good Two true stories are merged into one delicious treat of a film in Julie & Julia. 
good Considering the movie acknowledges it's perfectly healthy for women to enjoy both eating and sex, it qualifies as something rare in Hollywood: a feminist work of popular art. 
fair A misguided film of differing expectations saved only by its performances. 
good It's the 'yum' factor 
bad The human cornucopia that is Streep is carrying the energy and feel-goodness of this movie. Adams is providing her natural comic timing and sweetness to make Powell as human as possible, and she succeeds more than I would have thought possible, though Ju 
good ...an easy-going, pleasant film... 
bad Pretty light stuff, and the movie's only goal seems to be to convey that fluffiness, as both lives are milked for generally positive comic and romantic moments. 
bad Poderia ser descrito como dois medias-metragens montados paralelamente num unico longa %u2013 e o fato e que, por mais adoravel que Adams seja, e a historia protagonizada por Meryl Streep que segura o projeto. 
bad click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses 
bad What makes this film memorable and pleasurable, above all, is the ebullient performance of Meryl Streep as Julia Child, unlikely culinary trailblazer and TV star. 
good As food movies go -- and they've become a genre of their own -- this one may be a little too rich but it's full of delights. 
good Like a beautiful home cooked meal, Julie & Julia is not perfect by industry standards, just warm, comforting and very, very enjoyable. 
good Nora Ephron serves up a hearty silver-service banquet with a story that links the lives of two exceptional American women. 
good With great panache, it celebrates butter, bravery, and believing in oneself, all excellent things, brilliantly executed 
very_bad A bland blend of two half-baked stories. Julie & Julia spends so long celebrating the art of cooking, it forgets to be dramatic, romantic or funny. 
good An adorable and entertaining film that is appealing to the appetite. 
bad Julie & Julia is a very American kind of money-spinner. Crucially, though, it is never dumb. 
good Deliciously funny and warming fare, for which the amazing Meryl deserves her ridiculously overdue third Oscar. 
bad A film that's charming, funny - especially when Streep is on screen, broadcasting her superb impression of the tall, charismatic, high-pitched Child - but leaves you with a dissatisfaction with modern life that no culinary masterpiece can relieve. 
bad Meryl Streep at her most relaxed and enjoyable is a main course in herself. Pity we have to share her with a side order of Nora Ephron at her least appetizing. 
bad Julie & Julia is a highly polished piece of upmarket entertainment, brimming with beautiful interiors. If you throw in the lavish helpings of food porn it's almost like a colour supplement come to life. 
very_bad A dose of stodgy comfort food in the form of a complacent, mediocre film, with an exasperatingly flaccid and anti-climactic ending. 
good It's refreshing to see male performers being towered over by female leads. It's even more refreshing to watch a film that exults in the pleasures of uxoriousness. 
very_bad Julie & Julia seems satisfied to fall short of its potential - whether as an insightful romantic comedy or an exploration of food lust - relying on Streep to carry the film with her witty turn as Child. 
good Think of it like a good souffle: deliciously sweet and airy without the cloying aftertaste. You'll want more. 
good Hollywood, famously, makes few movies aimed at older females because young men are much easier to satisfy. Julie & Julia is that rare film targeted at your mum, but we think you'll enjoy it too. 
bad Ultimately, the film - a celebration of friendship and wise choices of spouse - belongs to Streep...and the lingering food porn shots... 
very_bad The pace is so slow-braised that the year of cooking seems to pass in real time, and Adams' usual charm is hindered by a bad wig and constant blubbing. 
good Julie & Julia is a heartfelt, deliciously shot, and beautifully designed romp, studded with fine performances that are endearingly cheery, inspirational and funny. It's a must-see for anyone who loves to eat. 
good Julie & Julia is among the most heart-warming, feelgood films of the year, and so joyously obsessed with food that it might be described as a feed-good movie. 
good While both actresses deserve credit, it's Streep who dominates and deserves to be put in contention for her third Oscar. Deftly playing the dotty masterchef - complete with a brilliantly squawking laugh - it's an amusing but respectful imitation. 
good Julie & Julia is an unmissable treat for food lovers - just make sure you eat beforehand. 
very_bad Like being force-fed a dish of candied pecans, smothered in honey, washed down with a bottle of Eiswein. By the end of it you're screaming for a tumbler of vinegar cut with lemon juice and a nice sprinkling of asafoetida. 
very_bad The movie is not objectionable - it's very affectionate, and has a light comic tone - but it is insufferable. Tweeness and whimsy eclipse any spark of thoughtfulness. The resulting confection is two hours of drama-less self-congratulation. 
good A tasty little confection inspired by two true stories. 
bad Worth seeing for the performances, but the endings of both stories are oddly unsatisfying and it never really comes together as a single film. 
fair Ephron reunites with Streep for this slightly overlong and very girly drama based on two true stories, both of which are involving and well-played. The comedy is earthy and real, and the film looks good enough to eat. 
very_bad The ham, madam? It's very much on, in this bland gastro-mantic comedy that needs much less sugar and a hell of a lot more bite. 
bad Ultimately, two different stories in the one movie format works only to a point. Julia's story sizzles while Julie's merely simmers. It's still satisfying stuff, but I doubt you'll return for second helpings. 
very_bad Julie & Julia serves up two true stories for the price of one, with results that are only half-way satisfying. 
good Like a souffle. Fluffy and delicious, and often this close to collapsing. 
good awash in culinary imagery, and it's enough to make you want to run out, purchase some Le Creuset cookware, and start deboning a duck 
fair Any movie that follows parallel stories runs the danger that one will be superior to the other, but the disparity is especially wide in Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia. 
fair There's a scene in the movie when Julie is watching SNL and Dan Aykroyd is doing his famous Julia Childs impersonation and it's not that much different than Streep's version. Too cartoony. But Adams is fantastic! 
very_good It's a movie to savor. 
bad The Amy Adams half is shallow enough, and too inclined towards writer-director Nora Ephron's worst habits, that it manages to wreck what would otherwise be a good enough bit of fun. 
fair As Child would have told you, a souffle isn't a filling meal. 
good One can't help but wonder if Ephron would've been better off focusing exclusively on Child: She's simply more interesting screen company. But Ephron's commercial touch serves her well here. 
bad Julia Child's letters home are vivacious, illustrating her generosity and wit, her resolve and sense of humor. 
bad Julie & Julia is a scrumptious delight... a vivacious pleasure. In the word of both Julie and Julia: Yum. 
fair As a writer herself and a woman in an even more cutthroat business, you would think that Ephron might shed off her usual goody-goody fantasies and stick one to Powell. Heh, ridicule in a Nora Ephron film? Even Julia Child would raspberry that one. 
bad Even Streep inevitably falls victim to Ephron's one-note modus operandi... 
good ... savor the genius of Streep whipping her high-pitched Julia accent into a froth as she chops a mountain of onions into submission. 
good A tasty dual biography. 
good This may not be a great movie, but it's a sweet, funny, enjoyable work with characters it's possible to care about and fine performances straight across the board. 
bad Meryl is magnificent and the humor is good, but the movie overall is fairly ordinary 
good This is yet another movie that will leave Meryl Streep's legion of fans convinced she can do anything (except sing, as Mamma Mia proved). 
fair Perhaps the most disappointing thing about Julie & Julia is the lack of dramatic closure. 
good Less Julie and more Julia, and you'd have the perfect recipe... 
good The main reason the Child half of Julie & Julia soars is that Streep so fully inhabits the woman. 
best A refreshingly-charming take on an enduring cultural icon and a lady now likely to go down in history as her #1 fan. 
bad Schizophrenic as it is, Julie & Julia is very fortunate to have Meryl Streep holding up both hers and everyone else's souffle to keep the proceedings passably entertaining. 
good Ephron's cuisine is clearly undercooked. Amy Adams Powell serves the main dish. It misses key ingredients causing you to long for more of Meryl Streep's scrumptious dessert. 
good Don't go see Julie & Julia, a delightful culinary treat, on an empty stomach %u2013 unless, of course, you are a masochist. 
fair Julie & Julia features two dramatically inert story lines and two firecracker actresses. 
bad Meryl Streep is Julia Child -- in a movie that needs more of her. 
very_good An epicurean delight! 
good Streep's a walking, talking, rising souffle who refuses to fall. A vibrating baguette. An impassioned risotto. (Do the French eat risotto?) Streep clearly energizes every scene she's in--and in those she sadly isn't. 
good In a movie about as diametrically opposed to what you normally expect from Streep (this is no Sophie's Choice), she seems to be relishing every chance to be silly, goofy, and funny. 
good Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are great fun to watch, and Streep could well earn yet another Oscar nomination. 
very_bad People like my mother are going to eat this movie up... I, however, was bored. Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored. 
good It's a delicious concoction of two delectable stories, but the surprise is that Amy Adams sweetly understated performance goes down much easier than Meryl Streep's showy shtick, which too often becomes almost indigestibly larger than life. 
fair Meryl Streep is simply stupendous in the lead role and the main reason to see the movie. Her classy impersonation is worthy of year-end awards recognition. 
good Child was a large personality, and Meryl Streep is a great actress -- the combination does rather overshadow young Amy Adams in the role of Powell, the earnest disciple. 
fair Perfectly pleasant but slight. 
good Meryl Streep is yeast that makes this light comedy rise. 
good Streep and Tucci give us a mature sizzle, sexy and endearing. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or champagne and strawberries -- they're fabulous alone, but together -- wow, the combination's irresistible. 
good Meryl Streep makes such a tasty and larger-than-life Julia in a nostalgically evoked late-'40s Paris that it's worth stomaching the pancake-flat sequences with her supposed early 21st-century counterpart, Julie Powell. 
fair Well, what do you know? It turns out there was an accent Meryl Streep hadn't yet tackled -- and, as anyone might guess, she handles it with remarkable finesse. 
very_good The Julia-Paul relationship is one of the most blissful seen in years, and Streep and Tucci dance through their interpretations with the grace and chemistry of an Astaire-Rogers routine. 
fair Streep as Child is a magnet who draws everybody to her in every minute of screen time. 
good A consummate entertainment that echoes the rhythms and attitudes of classic Hollywood, it's a satisfying throwback to those old-fashioned movie fantasies where impossible dreams do come true. 
good It's Julia who truly delights, and who we want seconds of. Like the food she dishes up, she's warm and spicy, hearty and satisfying. 
fair Streep makes you want to have whatever she's having. The rest of the movie makes you wonder what else is on, until you remember you're not really watching the Lifetime channel. 
very_good This is one lip-smacking, celestially aromatic, drop-dead delicious movie. 
good Few movies are as delightful as Julie & Julia. 
very_good Meryl Streep is so utterly delightful as Julia Child it made me think the best definition of a movie star is that when she's off-screen for even a moment, you want her to get back up there fast. 
good The film is not just a showcase for Streep's considerable talents, it's also another demonstration of the career growth of Amy Adams. 
very_good What an expression of the joy of cooks and cooking Julie & Julia turns out to be. 
good Child was often imitated but Streep lets us see her jubilant soul. 
fair From Child's warbling, New England-by-way-of-Paris voice to her towering yet curiously lighthearted physical presence, Streep gets everything technically right about the woman. 
bad Tempting Meryl Streep dramedy satisfies but doesn't wow. 
best Yum! One of the Best Films of 09 with its celebration of culinary creativity and the spiritual practice of enthusiasm as the energy which animates the efforts of two women to give their best to the world. 
good It's a light and entertaining treat, with winning performances, sharp writing and some happy surprises. 
bad Loved the first course, hated the second. 
good Elevating the mediocre simply by one's presence is probably the definition of star power, and Streep makes good material better and marginal material worth watching. 
good Together the film's parallel stories do make slightly more than the sum of their ingredients, cooking up undemanding summer fun. 
good Ephron, like her heroines, has finally found what suits her: a surprising comic and romantic realism. 
very_good A feast of winning characters, sumptuous food, loving marriages, and strong women who stumble, laugh, cry, write and, of course, cook their way into our hearts. 
bad Julie & Julia is a romantic comedy, too, but this time the romance is between two women, and one of them, truth be told, is a dud. 
fair A lighthearted comedy that's very easy to like, with some charming performances. 
very_good This old-fashioned star vehicle of the highest order lacks conventional drama and conflict -- and is none the worse for those absences. 
bad Julie's setbacks are dealt out like the hand in a game we don't want to play anymore. We want to drop the cards and stay over at Julia's winning table. 
bad Meryl Streep and Amy Adams cook up a treat in Julie & Julia. 
good Aesthetically, the film is phenomenal. Streep and Adams deliver fantastic performances and the parallels between the characters were fascinating. 
fair Cooking shows haven't just jumped the shark, they've pan-seared its still-beating heart and served it as a $40 mini burger with a side of couscous at a SOHO fusion joint. This backlash helps Julie & Julia, half of it, anyways 
bad It's not enough to sustain a film that runs over two hours, but it does at least make it pleasant to sit through much of the time. 
good While the Julia Child material and Streep's performance are entertaining enough to warrant a recommendation, the other stuff is so dreadfully dull that you wonder why it even exists at all 
good With a whopping fifteen Academy Award nominations on her resume', and an almost guaranteed number sixteen thanks to her performance here, she (Streep) continues to amaze. 
fair The alternating storylines are slight and conflict is severely lacking, but Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are extraordinary, lifting so-so material into an enjoyable, easy-breezy, late-summer trifle. 
fair Julie & Julia does have some euphoric moments centered around food and cooking, and both Adams and Streep are very much worth watching. 
bad Too long, too bland and never really pays off in the way one might hope with such a strong premise and cast. 
bad Julie & Julia proceeds with such ease and charm that its audacity is easy to miss. 
good Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia is one-half delightful and one-half disappointing; luckily, the delightful part stays with you while the rest fades away. 
good The ideal recipe has a special ingredient that can lift a dish from meh to memorable. Meryl Streep -- at her brilliant, beguiling best -- is the spice that does the trick for the yummy Julie & Julia. 
very_bad Streep's Julia reminded me more of Akroyd's Julia than Julia's Julia. 
good This is blissful moviemaking. Much of the pleasure we have in watching it comes from seeing Tucci and, obviously, Streep connect. But it's also the effortlessness Ephron reveals in bringing it all together. 
good A lightweight but enjoyable gustatory romp. 
very_good Like Nora Ephron's captivating film, Streep's performance is haute cuisine disguised as comfort food, a complex preparation yielding effects both broadly entertaining and subtly moving. 
bad Glossy and graceful, Julie & Julia is less about a full belly than it is about a full life, less about assembling dishes and more assembling one's self 
bad Getting something half right would never have been good enough for [Julia] Child, and the movie goes all sorts of wrong with Julie. 
bad an enjoyable experience -- just not as filling as it could have been. 
good Julie & Julia was directed by Nora Ephron with a light touch that will satisfy an eager audience of female foodies. 
terrible I suppose it's telling that the only time in Julie & Julia that I heartily chuckled was during an archived clip of Dan Aykroyd impersonating Child on Saturday Night Live. Now there was entertainment with some life to it. 
fair The film features a typical bio on the one side -- the making of the legend that is Julia Child -- and a coming-of-age rom-com on the other, with the good but underused Amy Adams pouting her way through New York City and a cookbook; the only shared ingred 
fair Julie & Julia is not lacking in entertainment value, especially with the Streep performance. But if the men had been portrayed as more high-spirited, it might have taken on intriguing dimensions. 
fair For all its merits, Julie & Julia is felled by a near total lack of compelling drama. 
good The comedy about a would-be writer's attempt to cook her way through Child's culture-changing cookbook sees Nora Ephron return to her Sleepless in Seattle form. 
good Although the calories ultimately are empty, they sure are enjoyable. 
fair There's almost no conflict in either of the stories presented in Julie & Julia, and though this is preferable to contrived conflict, it still leaves us with a rather overlong, lovey-dovey picture. 
bad Like a fallen souffle, this movie delivers flavor but not the dizzying deliciousness it promises. 
fair The movie is sweet, amusing and, unlike one of Child's decadent platters of beef bourguignon, mostly weightless; if not for Streep's expert portrayal, which is boundlessly energetic and respectful, it might float off the screen. 
good In the end, Julie & Julia doesn't stack up as much more than a pleasant summertime diversion, but it's hands down the best such trifle that Ephron has ever concocted. 
good Love and food, the basics of life, two passions common to nearly everyone on the planet, the film offers them up like hors d'oeuvres never ceasing to circle the room. It's gentle, tender, warm, and sprinkled generously with tasty bits of humor. 
fair The single best reason to see the film is Streep and Tucci together, turning their Devil Wears Prada rivalry into a funny, deeply romantic marriage, full of quips and sex and lots of amazing food. 
terrible This sequel to "The Parent Trap" is simply awful in every sense of the word. 
fair It takes a giant leap of faith to accept that Jesus, You Know wasn't staged. 
fair If watching devout churchgoers pray to Jesus before a static camera sounds like the dullest idea ever for a documentary, think again: This might be the most fun you've ever had in church. 
good Inventive and bold. 
bad Austere, rigidly formalized documentary. 
bad Thanks to the approach used in filming, the mundane and familiar problems that these people speak of become an informative & entertaining presentation of a collective pathos. 
very_good One of the public pioneers for those whose miserable lives can only be relieved by changing sex is the subject of Eric Drath's fascinating chronicle of how Dr. Richard Raskind's mid-life crisis resulted in the birth of Dr. Renee Richards. 
bad At under an hour, the film, which also touches on White House-driven leaks for political gain, can't help but feel a bit incomplete. 
very_bad Whistle-blowers become effective when their information appears in a news outlet's reliably sober columns - not in a bar mitzvah video. 
fair There's a genuine sophistication, both technically and thematically, to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance. 
fair Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought. 
very_good The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories. 
good Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life. 
bad The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love... intense and understandably moving. It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest. 
fair Fun, up to a point, but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific, with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare. 
fair It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema. 
very_good It's not a new idea, that violence destroys everyone, no matter the 'righteousness' of their cause. But it's one worth relearning. 
very_bad While there's no denying that Park has strong visual skills, his content so far is in appalling bad taste. 
bad There's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction, but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths. 
good Park's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents. 
bad Promises to be a stylish, resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks. 
fair It's all a little ultra-cool for me. Shakespeare was right. Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold, not cool. 
good Park pays most of his attention to visceral style, but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable. 
terrible So bloody, scatologically violent and consistently shocking, it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim. 
very_bad Two hours that didn't entertain much, thrill much or do much of anything...much. 
fair Somehow you'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he didn't seem to be having such a good time making it. 
very_good SFMV is a cinematic tour de force, if an unrelentingly cruel one. 
good An intense, viscerally charged thriller that stays with you. 
fair Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy. 
good It's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park's even more audacious Oldboy (2003) are clearly evident. 
good You'll likely be repulsed by much of Park's vision, but, as somebody once said: no pain, no gain. 
very_good You can't look away, not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed, but because the director sucks you into his bleak, poetic, even sensible vision of cosmic brutality. 
good Lucidly [explores] the grey-area complexities of guilt, morality, and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution. 
very_good Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years. 
very_bad vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext 
good Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor. 
very_bad There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability. 
best Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecaveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park, este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima. 
very_bad The end result is a forgettable movie, notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting. 
very_bad A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary. 
very_good These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind, shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination. Even beauty. 
fair There's no flow or rhythm, and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing. 
good Brutally nihilistic, this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time. 
bad Smart and engaging, but too many meandering breeze-shooting sequences. 
very_bad It's never enough to establish any sensitivity or social pertinence beyond the trifling tiffs which are playing out on screen. 
bad Less dazed and confused than mumbling and mundane, this drama focuses on social awkwardness and twentysomething blues. Skipping aimlessly from scene to scene it offers little observations and rewards low expectations. 
very_bad There's only so much twentysomething navel-gazing one can listen to before wanting to slap some sense - and some fully formed sentences - into them all. 
very_bad There is something teeth-grindingly cutesy about the whole thing, reaching epic levels of dippiness in the, ahem, nude trumpet-playing scenes. That makes it sound interesting, come to think of it, and perhaps it is. 
very_bad For every revelatory moment of sharp perception there's an eternity of goofy smiles, stuttered dialogue and embarrassed glances. 
very_bad The film meanders along in conversational style, encouraging improvisational realism but also the thought that maybe these middle-class characters, not quite slackers, are less interesting than they, or the director, think they are. 
bad Watchable independent drama from the mumblecore crowd, though it's not quite sharp enough, funny enough or insightful enough to really get off the ground and the characters are occasionally irritating. 
fair Joe Swanberg's film wears out its welcome about halfway through its 83 minutes. 
fair Swanberg can be playful behind the camera -- he has a taste for Godardian jump cuts -- and his sense of color is crisp. Gerwig, his millennial Jean Seberg, is no pixie; her captivating ordinariness helps hold the movie together. 
good [Director] Swanberg nails the inane fun of youth. 
bad No one involved seems to have any thoughts about why people are selfish and cruel to each other, but they're more than willing to complain about it. 
good Chop off a star if you're not up for highly experimental cinema. 
fair When it works, it works like a charm. 
bad Perfectly encapsulates the slow-motion, frustrated feeling of early adulthood, when longing and inchoate desire easily outnumber actual transformative events and achievements. 
bad Looks like it should be on an Off Off Off Broadway play in the Village... 
good Hannah is charmingly self-absorbed without the extenuating circumstance of self-knowledge. Above all, she's young. The movie forgives her for that and, with occasional misgivings, so do we. 
very_bad Note to anyone who stumbles into this snoozefest: forget about taking the stairs-head straight for the nearest exit. 
bad The fumbling banalities spouted by the characters belie the prior achievements of the actors making them up. 
fair [Actor] Gerwig [turns] her terminally anxious character into a poster girl for an entire subset of young women on the verge. Every generation gets the Darling they deserve. We now have ours. 
very_bad The loose, rambling conversations that substitute for action might be more interesting if any of the characters were capable of real introspection. 
good How can a movie with such a charming cast and believable dialogue (seemingly taken from the actors' real lives) go wrong? It can't. 
fair Hannah Takes the Stairs is notable for what the movie represents: an evolutionary entry in the Do It Yourself (or D.I.Y.) independent film movement. 
very_bad This do-it-your effort, shot in HD, would be nothing without hazel-eyed Greta Gerwig as Hannah, Meg Ryan-cute with a tousled Jean Seberg hairdo. 
very_bad Gerwig's talents might be better displayed in some form of scripted or structured film rather than this erratic warts 'n' all waste of time. 
bad At what cost, naturalism? 
bad The unexpected appeal of this seeming non-story is cumulative; what begins as a maddening portrait of a microcosm of liberal, well-educated white kids (with the occasional ethnic friend) steadily grows on you. 
bad The result is a mesh of creative sensibilities that never quite congeals. 
fair A low-key and enjoyable film with a cast consisting mostly of other indie filmmakers and writers. 
good Each film [director Swanberg] does is a little more of an evolution in style and form and Hannah Takes the Stairs is like watching a natural progression of talent. 
bad A simplistic affair with no delusions of anything beyond B-movie fun. 
bad Rushed, confused, and wildly uneven. 
fair Doesn't have the gritty feel of 'Terminator' or the sleek cutting edge of technology look of 'Judgment Day,' but it's a decent addition to the Terminator mythos. 
terrible There are bad sequels that still work as movies, basically. T3 doesn't even do that: it isn't a good action film, and isn't a good science fiction film. 
good Basically one long, exciting chase scene. 
good With splashy digital effects and punchy stuntwork, the solid T3 slides along enjoyably, but doesn't have the impeccable story and visual design of the previous entry. 
fair Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is without a doubt the weakest entry in an otherwise beloved trilogy, but let's be honest, T3 was doomed from the very day franchise creator James Cameron decided to pass on it. 
very_bad T3 has the sour, depressive vibe of an untested director submitting to a predetermined mythology not his own. 
good That Rise of The Machines is a genuinely good, thoughtful action flick has to register as a surprise... 
fair The Terminator franchise has developed to the point where simple genre pleasures just aren't enough. 
bad '... T3 [is] a tease, and not a very good one at that.' 
good Until the gutsy ending, there doesn&#8217;t seem to be much of a reason for this movie to have been made. And damn if it&#8217;s not fun to watch. 
bad Maybe it's time to terminate the series for good. 
fair ...entertaining for the moment, exciting, even exhilarating in parts, but ultimately it's an empty exercise in fuss and bother that leaves one strangely dissatisfied. 
good 'Mostow logra una cinta llena de accion, con buenos efectos especiales que no decepciona ni al mas clavado fanatico de la franquicia.' 
very_good Easily the most satisfying action film of a year overloaded with disappointing sequels. 
fair Mostow makes the movie zip, and just because it isn't Deep Thoughts doesn't mean it isn't enjoyable. 
terrible What sickness in the filmmakers inspired them to go ahead and make this TV movie sludge instead of doing some kind of stab at creating the feel of a "Terminator" film? 
good It's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action. 
bad Em retrospecto, acaba prejudicando seus antecessores. 
very_good It left me feeling giddy like a kid at a carnival. 
bad It's a slick, smooth and indeed explosive instalment, but it has neither the spit and polish of T2 nor the grittiness of the cult hit T1. 
very_good ...Cameron set an incredibly high standard for this series, and Mostow has to be commended for staying true to the themes and ideas established in the first two flicks... 
good Jonathan Mostow's T3 is a spectacular addition to the franchise. 
very_bad A chaotic mess, saddled with its own utter meaninglessness and afflicted by the need to be bigger-better-faster-more. 
very_good Sporting sequences that make the Matrix Reloaded and Hulk feel like Sunday morning cheesefest cartoons, it's a blockbuster that'll leave you begging for more 
good A worthwhile return to the saga, but more importantly, it's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action. 
very_good When you leave the theater, you'll be pumped full of adrenaline without a hint of the buyer's remorse that you've felt so often this summer. 
fair A skillful but spiritless thrill machine, T3 makes a good case for why James Cameron and company perhaps didn't envision a trilogy. 
bad I can't say it made me anxious for another sequel. Pragmatically speaking, however, a T4 might serve to keep Arnold on the screen and out of politics. Now, there's something to be said for that. 
good Highly superfluous, but equally entertaining. Terminator fans, we got lucky with this one - I doubt we'll be so fortunate when the aging Arnold eventually creaks his way through T4: HIP REPLACEMENT DAY 
fair However - as good as the effects and stunts are - "T-3" is lacking a really great story line to balance out the film. 
bad Now, The Terminator is a Governor I could rally around! 
good ... satisfying. 
good I don't know if the film's relentless violence and gore will help Schwarzenegger's nascent campaign for governor of California, but all the action should please the many Terminator fans. 
good Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines tells the simple yet compelling story of a very old piece of equipment that refuses to go away. Its name is Arnold Schwarzenegger, and, as famously promised, he's back, and at his anticharismatic best, too. 
very_good In the action department, James Cameron is a God. So save for a few choice fanatics, Jonathan Mostow could then be Jesus. 
bad A lean, efficient, amusing action picture, T3 isn't a patch on its predecessors, but delivers polished genre entertainment nonetheless. 
very_good Terminator 3 has guts. 
bad Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines unfolds as a thrilling piece of entertainment, but it has a third act and ending that don't work and shouldn't ever work. 
very_good In terms of summer movie action, Terminator 3 kicks The Matrix Reloaded's ***. 
very_good Among the minefield of paradoxes and contradictions in 'Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines,' one strikes with deadly accuracy: This is a summer sequel Stanley Kubrick would have loved. 
good The sequel expands on the nature of fate that the previous pictures explored so well, culminating in a rather bold third act where saving the day takes on a more unconventional meaning. 
good Un vrai film d'ete, efficace et divertissant. 
fair Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines overhauls the original straight-faced tone of the series and tries hard to deliver the granddaddy of popcorn films. 
bad A strong cast and new director Jonathan Mostow's chaotic sense of action keep this hard-to-terminate saga moving forward with at least a few of the old guns blazing. 
bad A well-made but empty spectacle that is missing dread, thrills, and, most importantly, variation. 
fair there's more that works here, than doesn't. Arnie, The script, the cast, the pulsating music score, the direction....there's a lot to be proud of. 
bad A sizable quotient of the movie's target audience just wants to see stuff destroyed, and in that regard Rise of the Machines won't disappoint. 
good Blatantly opportunistic sequel has plot holes, logic problems, minimal innovation ... and a fistful of block-rockin' action. 
good This juiced-up futuristic fable is delightfully on maximum overdrive and Arnold S. does what he does best-deliver his brand of robotic ribaldry with the precision of an extremely well-oiled machine. 
very_bad "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines" might be considered just as damaging to Arnold Schwarzenegger's impending political career as Watergate was for Nixon's. 
very_good A big fun love letter to the first two movies, and worth the wait. But I am a sucker for the Terminator. 
good Terminator 3 breaks the third-strike mold thanks to a pair of talented young actors, high-octane action sequences and an aging Austrian who can still hold his own. 
good ...a sturdy, reliable entry in the Arnold Schwarzenegger science-fiction series -- a lot like the stomping cyborg the star plays. 
good It's a sick kick to watch der Arnold battle a Swiss Army knife shaped like a Maxim cover girl. 
fair What you make of it depends pretty much entirely on whether or not you can deal with a movie as lopsidedly one-dimensional as this one. 
good Arnold is at the top of his game in Terminator 3. 
good Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines may lack the mythic pow of the 1984 original and the visionary thrill of T2, but it's a potent popcorn movie that digs in its hooks and doesn't let go until an ending that ODs on apocalyptic hoo-ha. 
best The coolest summer blockbuster you could wish for! 
good ... the newest installment of "The Terminator" aims at nothing less than propelling the franchise in a new direction... better than the original "Terminator" in everything but concept. 
bad The only real novelty this time is the gender twist added to the central conflict, with a male hero menaced by a female android. 
best Terminator 3; Rise of the Machines is friggin' awesome! 
fair Mostow's done a competent job; but before you get all excited, let's not confuse the word "Competent" with the words "Complex," "Credible," or even "Complete." 
bad T3 is like an epic from days gone by - they should prop up Arnold on a giant Sphinx next to Elizabeth Taylor and roll them through ancient Egypt together. 
good Hey, he SAID he'd be baaahck. 
good Unlike the first two movies, this one doesn't bear the directorial mark of James Cameron, but it still manages to deliver heart-pounding suspense and dark science-fiction vision of a world destroyed. 
bad There's a flat feeling about this effort that's unmistakable and inescapable. 
good Director Jonathan Mostow doesn't try to incorporate the high-wire special effects now in vogue, and T3's impressive gravity-bound set pieces seem refreshingly rooted in reality. 
very_good A smashing example of bravura filmmaking. 
fair This is the filmed equivalent of fan fiction -- consistently mindful of a mythos from which it dares not deviate. 
good If Rise of the Machines never feels as essential as the first two movies, it doesn't feel like a rip-off, either. 
fair T3 is easily the loudest film ever made. It's also the best $175 million B-movie in history, a distinction that rings as hollow as you might expect. 
good In the end this third entry leaves you thinking. And a little disturbed. 
fair A pretty decent thrill ride. 
fair Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines achieves neither the cult tang of the original nor the spectacular melding of FX to a gripping story that T2 did so well. 
bad Terminator 3 does a reasonable job of generating suspense from time to time, but the emotional involvement does not reach nearly the same level as the previous films. 
fair What is missing from Terminator 3 is the relentless inventiveness Cameron brought to the first two Terminator films. 
very_bad Maybe they should've sent a robot back in time to force Cameron and company to direct this film. 
fair T3 should satisfy most action junkies. The various chases, explosions and wrecks are a paean to the efforts of the stunt and effects personnel. 
very_good Endlessly riveting, bolstered with comic relief but by no means perfect. 
very_good Jonathan Mostow stays true to the '80s popcorn actioner opus here both in storytelling and style, yet his updated special effects add a subtly modern element to the pic. 
very_bad What starts as familiarity in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines quickly becomes diminishing returns. 
fair This doesn't make a lot of sense, but who needs plot continuity when there's Claire Danes? 
very_bad They made a clone, but left behind the soul -- T3 is T2 without the heart, spirit, and humanity. 
good What has always made the Terminator movies stand out from other sci-fi/action flicks is the human drama and the fight against one's fate. 
fair Certainly of a higher caliber than many of the assembly-line sequels we're often presented with but clearly missing that technological awe that came with Ts 1 and 2. 
good He said he'd be back and he is, with a bang, in another sequel that pays tribute to the first two films while delivering enough dazzling action sequences and droll wit to satisfy even the most demanding fans. 
very_good T3 director Jonathan Mostow delivers a high-energy barrage of special effects gee-wizardry that self-effacingly mimics Cameron's style. 
bad There are spectacular car chases and countless firefights, but they feel perfunctory, predictable and devoid of context. 
good An expertly paced and efficient sci-fi thrill machine, 'T3' effectively marries impressive action sequences with persuasive storytelling and its star's uniquely appealing style of 'No' drama -- as in no reaction, no expression, no emotion of any kind. 
good I went into the screening not exactly looking forward to the idea of a "T3" and emerged two hours later eager for a "T4". 
fair Essentially one long chase and fight, punctuated by comic, campy or simplistic dialogue. 
bad Director Jonathan Moscow and screenwriters John Brancato and Michael Ferris pack the film with muscular action sequences, but the human factor provided by Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor is sorely missed. 
bad T3 is easily the funniest of the three films, no small achievement when you have Ah-nold playing a cyborg who cracks wise like Joe Clark at a celebrity roast. 
very_good A summer behemoth that actually lives up to its potential. 
fair Holds our interest but lacks the punch of its predecessors. 
bad T3 isn't so much a sequel as it is a spoof. 
fair Terminator 3 moves at not-quite-breakneck speed, and the shape-shifting, metal-melting special effects aren't exactly spectacular. 
fair Several significant plot holes prove a frustrating and unnecessary distraction from (this) exhilarating, ante-upping...otherwise worthy series-fulfilling successor... 
fair The pleasures of this text reside almost completely in the sensation that we're watching an extremely well-funded kid playing with toy cars and action figures in a toy city. 
bad Like the latest Matrix, this is a movie too wrapped up in explosions and fights and chases to say anything coherent. 
bad T3 is so petrified by its predecessors' conventions that it moves a little like the Terminator himself, with monstrous rigidity and stiff-legged deliberation. 
good Writers John Brancato and Michael Ferris turn what could have been an exploitative knock-off into a saga's logical progression. 
very_bad Terminator 3 is essentially a B movie, content to be loud, dumb and obvious. 
terrible Terminator 2 wrapped things up so thoroughly and in such a satisfying way that all this witless, plodding rehash can do is tell the same story again, a lot less skillfully. 
very_good The popcorn movie of summer '03. 
good Terminator 3 is the summer movie of 2003 that hard-core action fans have been awaiting. 
good Rise of the Machines works not just as a strong, credible sequel to one of the best sci-fi franchises but as a great popcorn movie on its own. 
good T3 is not just a rare example of a worthy sequel to a sequel, it's a rare example of a worthy summer movie, one that does its job above and beyond the fast-food call of duty. 
good A taut, exciting science-fiction thriller that pumps up our adrenaline without forgetting to engage our heads. 
bad A rollicking deadpan comedy with more good laughs than Adam Sandler's entire career. 
good This film is as entertaining as any film that I've seen so far this year. 
very_good Revisiting the Terminator was the right decision for Arnold and a great movie experience for us. 
terrible ennui with a dash of nostalgia 
fair Pounds forward with brute force, squeezing in plot points wherever possible. 
very_good For the first time this century, sci-fi fans have a sequel that won't leave them disappointed. T3 delivers! 
good The film reimagines the Adam and Eve myth but with a post-industrial edge and a distinctly feminist slant. 
fair Super spectacular summer popcorn picture, packing more fireworks than the Fourth of July. Adrenaline addicts are gonna love the fast-paced action. 
fair The film's relentless devotion to headlong action and blitzkrieg plotting is akin to falling down an elevator shaft in the dark. You never quite know what you're going to hit along the way, so you might as well enjoy the plummet. 
very_good Once again, the Terminator series proves its superior worth over competing action concepts with its emphasis on the human element and a higher level of story consistency. 
very_good I was pleasantly surprised and duly impressed. Jonathan Mostow has taken good care of Cameron's baby, showing both respect and homage to the characters and trends. 
bad Stock your bar and put in your IUD, because this hilariously over-the-top Rosemary's Baby knockoff wants to get you pregnant with its ridiculous brilliance. 
bad It could be pretty creepy ... if it weren't so darn stupid. 
bad An episodic, off-beat film that's aged well. Burt Reynolds is empathetic as a tired, sad and very lethal tough guy with a heart of gold who longs to leave Las Vegas. 
bad The movie is filled with promising starts, but then everything dissolves into a violent action climax. 
best Frame by frame, sketch by sketch, Sullivan has created a rich and layered world in "Consuming Spirits," one that won't easily let you go. 
fair Something more coherent, masterful - and oddly poignant - than it may initially seem. 
best "Consuming Spirits" puts a hook in you and doesn't let you off. A hook the size of a crowbar. 
good An ambitious animated epic that runs well over two hours and sometimes feels more like a feat than a film. Nevertheless, it's a kind of milestone in its genre. 
good Even if one grows impatient with the film's dovetailing tales of small-town desperation, it's hard to tire of its visual execution. 
good It is the story of people in a small ordinary town, knowing nothing but their ordinary affairs, revealing their sins and crimes with an ordinary negligence. 
best Fifteen years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spiritsis the work of his lifetime -- or any lifetime, for that matter. 
good Sullivan pulls the narrative noose tight at long last, and wraps up "Consuming Spirits'' as neatly as a Victorian novel - albeit one written by someone with an alarming affinity for the grotesque. 
best At a time when animation is expected to be computer-generated, three-dimensional and relentlessly upbeat, Mr. Sullivan's film is flat, handmade and melancholy, a dark and painful fantasy for grown-ups. 
very_good The effect is that of disjointed, haunted reverie, of alternate realities colliding, soundtracked by mumbled asides and an uneasy murmur of background noise. 
bad The interweaving stories of commercialized religion, rancid Americana and alcoholic wretches start wearing thin around the movie's midpoint; by the end, the whole morose endeavor risks becoming downright threadbare. 
best Not only a monstrous visual achievement, but one of the most uniquely humanistic animated features of all time. 
fair Issues of plot aside, though, the thing that any viewer is likely to notice first is the striking, nearly unpremeditated style of the film. 
good With so much information coming at us from all channels, it's odd, but we often forget about our own progress, development as humans worthy of our time on Earth. 
fair one-half a very bad movie and one-half a very good movie 
best Sure, [Back to the Future II] has a clunky first act - which takes place in a hilariously overblown futuristic society - but the film knows just how, and when, to entertain us, and it does so in spades. 
bad Lackluster yet benign time-travel sequel. 
good Taken as a pair, the first two films ask a number of unresolved and unresolvable questions about causality, order, and intention; and taken as a pair, they're also a hell of a lot of fun. 
fair The one thing the film got right was the crushed effect the media's growing omnipresence has had on human existence. 
fair See website for more details. 
bad Solidly entertaining. 
bad An ambitious film that fails to recreate the warmth or excitment of the first Back To The Future. 
bad There are definitely aspects of laziness to the script--jokes which haven't been fully considered, simpleminded characterizations, subplots which have no life outside of the narrative--but at the same time the movie has a spirit of exploration and daring, 
fair The film works best through its magnificent technical achievements (the visual effects received an Oscar nomination) and the inherent charm of Fox, Lloyd and, especially, the delightfully menacing Thomas F. Wilson. 
good The relatively quaint and simple time travel arc from BTTF gets far more confusing and, in some ways, more fulfilling. 
very_bad A weak, convoluted attempt to cash in on the original's charms. 
good It manages to be giddily and merrily mind-boggling rather than confusing. 
bad Unfortunately, the story is not as novel or as funny the second time around. 
good Uneven but still enjoyable, delivers a darker scenario than the ending of the first film would imply. 
very_bad More frantic, noisy, and overproduced than funny 
very_good Doesn't surpass the original, but tosses a whole lot of gee-whiz gizmos and concepts at the screen. It's a whole lot of fun. 
best 'De Volta Para o Futuro 2' e uma continuacao a altura do original e merece ser visto - antes que o velho Biff altere tudo novamente. 
fair The film ultimately relies on too many cheesy make-up routines in which characters play their older (and female!) selves which makes it not exactly the best movie in this series. 
good The idea and the execution is so good that you could applaud. 
good The movie is fun, mostly because it's so screwy. 
very_good an unbelievably crass, unpleasant, horrific picture 
bad More gore, gross-outs than the other Indy blockbusters. 
fair It's not the darker turn that makes The Temple of Doom uncomfortable at times; it's its mean-spiritedness. 
good ...an obvious step down from its stellar predecessor... 
fair It lacks the sense of detail that made Raiders such a treat. It isn't very clever, very funny or very compelling. 
good The reality is that this is the film that comes closest to reflecting the racism, sexism and jingoism that fuelled most of the serials that originally sparked Spielberg and George Lucas's impressionable young imaginations. 
fair Where the brilliant "Raiders" was an adventure film aimed at the child at heart, "Temple of Doom" is really designed for the kiddie market itself. 
good If it was a sign of the times for Indiana Jones to take on more of a comic-book aspect, the film's accomodation of darker themes and explicit imagery came as something of a shock to many. 
very_bad ...makes you wonder if Spielberg and series producer George Lucas might have been going through some sort of drug phase. 
good While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining. (Blu-ray edition) 
good A breakneck adventure that moves at twice the pace of the original but has only half the creative strength. 
good See website for more details. 
best darker indiana, still grand 
best ...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride. The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant... 
good Set years before the events of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is sillier, darkly violent and a bit dumbed down, but still great fun. 
very_good I honestly think this edgier prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark does an even better job of being a non-stop rollercoaster ride than the original. 
bad All action and little story made for an entertaining followup to the adventure classic. 
very_bad Terrific opening with 'Anything Goes' in Chinese -- then the kid shows up and it's downhill. 
bad Only so so follow up to "Raiders." Extra points off for the very annoying Short Round. 
best The kind of movie where your date is always grabbing your forearm in a viselike grip, as unbearable excitement unfolds on the screen. After the movie is over, you've had a great time but your arm is black-and-blue for a week. 
bad exciting, but the weakest film of the trilogy 
bad You know, the more distance I get from this, the more I think: man, what a dark, depressing film. I think when it came out I was just that desperate for a new Indy flick. 
bad Yes, Temple of Doom still stinks -- save that spectacular opening Shanghai nightclub scene. 
very_good It's an extremely well-crafted, exciting, and, most importantly, brave work. 
fair Don't dismiss Temple of Doom just because, you know, it's kinda stupid. 
bad There is little to appreciate here in terms of craft or characterization--but the whole thing bounces along so damn nicely, who cares? 
very_good Too shapeless to be the fun that Raiders is, but shape may be beside the point. Old- time, 15-part movie serials didn't have shape. The just went on and on and on, which is what Indiana Jones does with humor and technical invention. 
best One of Steven Spielberg's best movies, because he for once isn't trying to say anything at all. He's just having fun. 
best Moments like the collapsing bridge, the mine cart ride, and the cave full of bugs are as thrilling or more so than anything in the first movie. 
bad The worst of the bunch - but still has moments of fun. 
best Single-handedly caused the 'PG-13' rating, and for that alone, I love it. 
best An unforgettable picture. Don't miss it! 
fair Doesn't live up to the excitement and thrills of the original, but still a pretty wild ride. 
best Vastly under rated. Grand fun. 
good The darker side of Spielberg. 
good Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid. 
bad There's plenty of rip-roaring action to distract us from the more unpalatable elements. 
good Seems to forgo characterization and plot development in favor of action sequences that don't necessarily feature as much exciting action as in its predecessor. 
good The sustained furore of humour, visual panache and headlong momentum makes for dazzling cinema. All of which makes it possibly Spielberg's most underrated film. 
fair From our perspective it is still a very good piece of Hollywood entertainment, much superior to the more recent examples of same genre. 
good Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens. 
good avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit 
very_good Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story. 
bad Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation. 
very_bad It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas. 
good A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s. 
good A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures. 
good Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood. 
fair Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us quite as much as the original. 
best Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great 
bad Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable. 
good The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never got old. 
bad The new film not only spoofs westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie. 
bad Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy. Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead. 
good The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark. The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing. 
best 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao). 
good It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable. 
fair Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy. 
good Not as tremendous as the first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting. 
good The film feels unique and vibrant if only for the fact that it's the painfully rare DCAU title that doesn't revolve around Batman, Superman, or a Batman/Superman-led Justice League. 
good For all its apocalyptic fate-of-the-world theatrics, this...[adaptation of] the 2011 graphic novel Flashpoint by Geoff Johns and Andy Kubert...has an emotional core to give purpose to its crazy amounts of mayhem. [Blu-ray] 
best Years from now it may be looked at as the animated film that took the direct to video comic book movie market to another level of storytelling possibilities. Yes, it's that good. 
terrible Vantage Point is a patented representative of this year's early mediocrity. Vantage Point is trailer trash. 
fair If you are looking for mindless action, it's not bad. But since this is trying to be something more than that, I can't quite recommend it. 
terrible It swears it's being clever yet refuses to trust the audience. 
bad Asks us to believe the terrorists would, after slaughtering countless people, risk their entire plan--and their very lives--on...well, I won't say. But from my vantage point, it was ridiculous. 
terrible [Vantage Point is] a puzzle cut by a drunken, three-fingered jigsaw operator who lost a few pieces and chewed on a few others. 
bad If you thought 24's perspective on terrorism was, well, limited, get ready to groan. The meat and potatoes of Vantage Point -- the suicide bomb explosions, the bloody fisticuffs and blaring car chases -- are indeed awesome, and that's what truly matters f 
bad Those inclined to scrutinize the logic of Barry Levy's screenplay are likely to come away as baffled by its farfetched twists as amused by its bombastic excesses. 
fair Vantage Point takes a pretty high concept, dribbles a bunch of red herrings all over it, and makes things go boom, reaping better yields than the average TV show. 
bad When you wrap a movie around a gimmick, the wrapping better be taut and engaging or the gimmick falls flat. 
good Vantage Point is a tense and imaginative thriller that reels you in the longer it goes along, only to lose focus in the last 15 minutes. This final reel misstep is a shame, but it's not enough to ruin all the good work that's come before it. 
bad With a little more work this could have been a first-rate thriller along the lines of the Bourne films, because the concept is intriguing and our interest is held for a significant part of the film. 
good If you're watching for perfectly matched action you're not into the mystery and you probably aren't going to be very sympathetic to the effort involved. 
fair Writer Barry Levy has added some snap, crackle and pop to what would otherwise be a routine action film had it been presented in chronological order. 
bad A curta duracao e o ritmo constantemente frenetico do filme mantem o espectador atento e interessado, mesmo que o objeto de tanta atencao nao faca muito sentido em retrospecto. 
very_bad Vantage Point might sound intriguing on paper but it's all gimmick and not a lot of substance. 
very_bad As much as we'd like to see an American president made accountable, we don't have to see it over and over and over again. 
bad The stories are cleverly interwoven, with a couple of unexpected twists, and the patient viewer is rewarded with a doozy of a car chase in the last reel. 
very_bad Although mounted with no little efficiency by director Pete Travis (who previously made the TV drama-doc 'Omagh'), the narrative enterprise actually hides a one-dimensional world view, with civilian casualties mere background set dressing. 
bad Some okay thrills with good performances and some smarts. But the last reel plunge spoils things. 
good a ripping good yarn 
good A decent thriller that takes time to get started 
very_bad I might almost sit through the crappy storytelling one more time just to see the car chases. These are the kind car chases that Stuntman Mike from Death Proof might be able to appreciate 
bad The Bourne films have fundamentally altered the rules... Every action thriller from here on out must adapt or risk coming across like some middling, antiquated dinosaur. 
very_bad Decent actors wasted; impossible, idiotic plot twists; an unimaginative shooting style; an okay but unspectacular bit of action. Yep, it's a February movie all right. 
fair The more they replay the story, the more you realize that there really wasn't all that much to see in the first place. 
very_bad Basically, Vantage Point is a don't-ask-and-we-won't-tell movie. We are just supposed to sit back and ride along without questioning where we are being driven. 
terrible This movie is just down right annoying. 
fair Suspenseful, yes - but it's all too far-fetched to matter much. 
terrible Now I know how Bill Murray felt in Groundhog Day. 
terrible [...] one would expect events to be gradually fleshed out until the mystery behind the attack is finally revealed, just in time for a bodacious climax, right? Yeah. 
bad Pete Travis' Rashomon retread reads more like a less funny Groundhog Day. 
bad Vantage Point requires three simultaneous coincidences for the ending to work. That may be a record. 
fair The movie presents an interesting "Vantage Point." And its gimmick makes it an above-average thriller. 
very_bad It calls for the suspension of the snort-and-chortle reflex. And it fails even at that. 
good Between the many 'What the?' moments until its outrageously absurd ending, Vantage Point is a brisk, entertaining experience. 
good I didn't buy that final twist, but it was still a fast, fun, breezy piece of entertainment. Enjoyable way to spend 90 minutes. 
terrible In case we haven't had enough fear-mongering in the past few years, this schlock takes up the slack. 
good ...(O)ver-Rashomoned with too many flashbacks, Travis produces a a slambang car chase, even though it does lead to a climax too absurd for words. 
bad There's an interesting idea here, showing a major political event from various perspectives until we finally get to the real story. The problem is that the real story is rather contrived. 
very_bad Vantage Point's summed up by its name; from some angles, it looks like an above-average studio thriller, but from others it falls out of sight fast. 
best I was quite literally on the edge of my seat for all of its lightning fast ninety minutes. It's not just merely good -- it's nothing less than one of the best pictures of the year 
bad Movies used to boast of being 'torn from the headlines.' Now, they're torn from an electronics catalog. Who needs James Bond's Q when you've got Best Buy? 
fair Sure the movie's multiple viewpoint contrivance is just an excuse to get to a car chase, but it's a good car chase. 
good Enjoy Vantage Point while the thrills last, and try to ignore the 'what the heck?' stretches of credulity in the final reels. 
good A genuine crowd-pleaser overall, brisk and suspenseful%u2014more or less everything it promises to be. 
bad While the title, trailer and commercials imply that we'll be carefully piecing together clues to a complex assassination attempt as seen from several perspectives, the final product turns out to be a tepid thriller that promises more than it delivers. 
bad At a certain point its sheer can-you-top-this excess takes over, credibility flies out the window and there's no reason to continue paying attention. 
bad Vantage Point is a thriller that has quite a lot on its mind. The very structure of the movie challenges the audience's patience, if not its wit. 
good Keep your expectations reasonable. 
bad All this visual caffeine is in service to a story that isn't worth telling, and that too frequently resorts to the cheap technique of putting an adorable little girl in peril, then cutting away. 
terrible When everything is finally revealed, the story Vantage Point tells is fairly pedestrian, and nothing special is gained from all the stopping and restarting. 
good An overplotted, gimmicky presidential-assassination thriller, its interlocking pieces have to fit just so for it to stay coherent and ratchet up the tension. 
good Director Pete Travis keeps things grim and gritty and moving. 
terrible A gimmick in search of its own point. 
very_bad Chugging forward and chundering back, the movie keeps promising to whip up something hellishly complicated, but what keeps the movie going for an hour and a half is not a complicated plot but a stingy way of dribbling out information. 
good While it's no classic, Vantage Point is well worth a look. 
bad Vantage Point is the highlights reel of an action movie too average to watch in any other form. 
bad Initially intriguing and energetic, this film ends up demonstrating that a good script needs to be more than a clever concept and fine direction must be more than moving things fast. 
fair Hey, it's February, a month when moviegoers have to be thankful for anything diverting. 
terrible The first 15 minutes of Vantage Point are the worst. Then you only have to sit through them seven more times. 
good A nice, straightforward, good old-fashioned geopolitical conspiracy thriller with no pretentions. 
bad The problem with Vantage Point is that the rapid-rewind technique keeps interfering with the thriller's momentum. 
very_bad This action/suspense-thriller is hopelessly convoluted and contrived. The filmmakers are clearly trying to duplicate the style and feel vastly superior television series 24. 
good Vantage Point makes nice use of the heft of Dennis Quaid, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver in a story in which an assassination followed by an explosion gets revisited from eight points of view. 
very_bad Reduces global terrorism to a Rubik's Cube suitable for an evening's entertainment. If that doesn't make you vaguely ill, by all means take this thriller for the shallow, gimmicky "ride" it aspires to be. 
terrible If you can work your way past Vantage Point's goofy casting that places a bland, blank-eyed Hurt in the White House, then I suppose you can manage to forgive this Rashomon rip-off's other glaring idiosyncrasies, of which there are many. 
good The filmmakers hook us and reel us in during 90 breathless minutes. 
fair Not much about the plot can be revealed without giving away the various surprises and twists [which]are the only reason to sit through the film. 
very_good The exhilarating car chase that closes the movie is alone worth the price of admission... 
bad No matter how you look at it, Vantage Point is a letdown. 
fair ...counts on its audience not thinking about what they're seeing, but instead being mesmerized by flash and boom ...This is a movie to make you angry, but not with the straw evildoers it puts on screen. 
very_bad It starts off strong but quickly becomes so contrived and repetitive that by the time it finally lumbers to its deeply unsatisfying and ludicrously melodramatic finale, you feel like an idiot for having wasted your time watching it 
very_bad Trying, monotonous, and not anywhere near as relevant or clever as it imagines itself to be, Vantage Point proves once again that while it's easy to rely on a gimmick, it's usually not the best idea to trust it. 
fair I forgave its sins for delivering at least an hour of undiluted enjoyment. 
fair A movie that features very intense, action-packed moments, but a story that gets overly complicated and borders on spinning out of control as it becomes too farfetched by the end 
bad We view this event from every possible point of view except a logical -- or entertaining -- one. 
bad Less would have definitely been more in this case; if viewers squint their eyes hard enough, they might just be able to locate a kitchen sink lurking somewhere in the background. 
very_bad I'm starting to think that '24' and 'The Bourne Identity' have made it nearly impossible for me to enjoy the average or even slightly above average spy thriller. 
bad The information sorting and gathering required by Barry L. Levy's screenplay feels like night school as opposed to a great night out at the movies. 
bad A story that could easily (and more effectively) have been told in about half the time. 
very_bad Disappointing action flick centers on terrorism. 
bad An assassination thriller that boasts the glossy tourist vistas of an airline magazine combined with a serious case of instant-replay-itis. 
fair Vantage Point offers a modicum of entertainment but it requires viewers to react more forcefully from the gut than the mind. It's viscerally effective but lobotomized. 
very_bad The bones of a good idea for a conspiracy thriller lie buried in the corpse of Vantage Point. It feels more like a movie with a personality disorder. 
bad Offers less entertainment than just awareness of how nearly every American male role seems like it was intended for Harrison Ford. 
good The setup is so riveting, the suspense so carefully prolonged, that I didn't mind when it unraveled into lunacy near the end. 
bad The problem with Vantage Point, or at least one problem, is that it depends too much on coincidence. The film relies on things breaking a certain way for nearly every plot advancement. 
terrible Cool game plan on paper, unfortunately, the execution lacks. Further, this is not the subject matter with which to play games. 
good A tight, solid mystery/thriller that keeps you guessing until the end. 
very_bad ...a marketing hook first and a movie ... well, actually, never. 
very_bad Choppy, point-of-view twisting thriller that never rises above its gimmickry. 
very_bad Starts off well but then tries to replicate the fast-paced frenzy of The Bourne Ultimatum with an improbable car chase. 
fair A competently-made action-thriller but nothing particularly ground-breaking once it casually discards its pretense of being told from multiple points of view. 
terrible It's mind-numbingly tedious, perhaps because the rhythm, the plot, even the seemingly indestructible veteran secret service agent Barnes seem lifted wholesale from any random episode of 24. 
very_good Smart escapist thrillers are a dying breed but this is one of the good ones. 
very_bad A stale effort that seems content to find its niche in a harmless mediocrity. 
good Violent, coarse, perverted, and sickly hilarious, this is highly recommend for those who like their entertainment on the nasty, demented tip. 
fair An intriguing (and sometimes off-putting) cinematic creation featuring Matthew McConaughey in one of his best performances. 
very_good Killer Joe is America at its worst but Friedkin and McConaghey at very close to their best. 
bad It's like a cheap, nasty dessert: completely devoid of nutrition, probably very bad for you, but kind of delicious while it briefly lasts. 
good Only the faint-hearted or KFC kitchen staff should give it a miss. 
good Stage-to-screen adaptations are rarely this primal, and it's been a long time since a William Friedkin film has felt so vital. 
very_good The humor magnifies the horror, and vice versa. Like the inflammatory Dr. Strangelove, we've sewn these seeds, and we deserve whatever is reaped from them. 
fair Killer Joe will leave many people in shock, confusion, and in need of a thorough shower by the time it's done. 
fair The scene with the fried chicken drumstick might cause Colonel Sanders to repurpose one of his famous buckets as a barf bag. 
best Killer Joe is a white-hot fever dream of a film. A toxic swill of sex and violence, Joe is mordantly funny, tantalizing and, ultimately, shocking. 
fair Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal, ugly story. 
best Killer Joe will both infuriate and impress, but when it impresses there is nothing quite like it. It plays on the senses and lingers in the mind, McConaughey is brilliant and Friedkin finds himself in his best form in years 
very_good Resembling yard sculptures in a trailer park, where trash becomes art, "Killer Joe" is a Picasso signed with a branding iron. 
good Sick and twisted in the most interesting ways. 
fair Aside from Letts scathing one-liners the best reason to see the film is McConaughey. His Killer Joe is a quite brilliant variation on cool villainy. 
very_good It unfolds like a prank. After freewheeling dangerously and thrillingly for 90 minutes, it skips the relief and goes straight to the punishment. After that: The final, puzzling twist suggests that it may not have been a joke at all. 
very_good May well do for the fried chicken leg what Friedkin's The Exorcist did for split-pea soup back in 1973. 
bad If it weren't for Matthew McConaughey's tightly coiled performance, the nasty white-trash drama "Killer Joe" wouldn't be worth the powder it would take to blow it to hell. 
bad ...a clever story ruined by a fight so poorly done it's laughable, and an unbelievably silly but graphic simulated sex scene in the finale. 
very_good 'Killer Joe' is a deep-fried, jalapeno-flavored noir that tests audience endurance. It dares viewers not to look at the depravity onscreen while gently nudging viewers to revel in it. 
terrible Jerry Springer re-do 
good A dark twisted comedy that has strong performances making it one of the most memorable films of this year. 
good An unflinchingly ugly -- but downright mesmerizing -- tale that plumbs the depths of human immorality. 
fair Watching "Killer Joe" to the bitter end is like playing the Pick 6 lottery and getting three of the numbers right. You don't win anything, but you still think you're smarter than all those other idiots. 
very_good You will either love "Killer Joe" or run away screaming. I absorbed this NC-17 nail bomb with awestruck admiration. 
good [Friedkin] has retained his touch ... all these years later. And in Matthew McConaughey, he has the perfect vehicle for madness. 
good The film is drowning in so much depraved gunk that subtleties are lost. The payoff is dandy anyway ... 
bad You end up feeling sorry for all the actors forced to humiliate themselves, except for McConaughey, whose portrayal of sadistic, manipulative evil is mesmerizing. 
best It's hard not to watch this explosive power punch of a movie and not love absolutely every frame. 
fair A little slice of Southern Gothic is just what the back room doctor ordered in this summer of explodey superhero movies. 
bad Killer Joe may be a great film, but it's not a particularly good one. 
good A movie that doesn't know what "failure of nerve" means. 
terrible Vile, evil and brutal, it's a bloody mess that's only saved by Matthew McConaughey's impressively repellent acting. 
best "Killer Joe" is downright hysterical, clever, expertly written, and incredibly unnerving. This is easily a career best performance for Matthew McConaughey. 
fair This is a movie that literally wallows in its base and crude story making you itch and run for the shower after exiting the theater. 
good Friedkin creates a twisted work of trailer-park noir that both surprises and horrifies, and gives us one more reason to call 2012 the year of McConaughey. 
fair The movie frequently clicks as a sendup of over-the-top film-noir storytelling. 
fair If y'all like your comedy with a Lone Star drawl and as black as Texas tea, then by all means tuck right into Killer Joe. 
good Killer Joe, which is peppered with a number of palpably striking sequences, builds to an absolutely enthralling (and purposefully over-the-top) climax that's almost jaw-dropping in its audacity... 
best In the immortal words of Wayne's World: "You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll hurl." 
good Mostly makes you want to go home and have a shower. 
fair Really entertaining, and dark and twisted. 
good Killer Joe is twisted pulp, and the actors chew on it bravely, boldly, and with varying degrees of success. 
good It's as mean as a snake. 
very_good Friedkin directs; his taste for sadism has never been personified better than in McConaughey's unassuming-but-dangerous drawl. 
good Friedkin's pretty shrewd himself, in how he teases out the humor without indulging Letts' immature glibness, and how he sidesteps Bible Belt baptism to waterboard us in the sewer of selfish human nature. 
good A gleeful and unapologetic descent into delicious decadence, Killer Joe is proud of what it is and never tries to be something it isn't. 
good Friedkin plays a trick that might be mean if it wasn't so fascinating to see him pull off, blending laugh-out-loud humor with absolutely repulsive images, forcing disoriented and unsettled audiences to wind up laughing when they should be disturbed. 
best A family (dis)member(ed) ... with a wink from an eye more bloodshot than smirking. 
good It's the sort of funny that encompasses both definitions of the word and that is watched, as often as not, with clenched teeth and the temptation to cover ones eyes fighting with the much stronger temptation to see what happens next. 
fair At 76, Friedkin still holds our gaze with striking, often ghastly visual images, and despite the fact that McConaughey's entire wardrobe appears to have been rented from Villains "R" Us, Killer Joe lands blow after blow to the psyche. 
very_bad The action and dialogue find the same squalid level in time for the climactic scene, the cruel humiliation of a central character. 
fair [T]here is no way to say it without employing a pun -- it leaves a truly bad taste. 
bad Out of the muck and mire of human depravity that is "Killer Joe," something magnificent comes: a killer performance by Matthew McConaughey. 
good It is a tale of white trash immorality on a grand scale, of people who are ridiculous and yet dangerous, laughable but cunning, and really stupid ... yet sneaky. 
bad The bone-crunchingly violent film has luridly entertaining moments. But by its resolution, this sleazy Southern Gothic nightmare has simply gone off the rails. 
good With what is arguably Matthew McConaughey's best performance to date, Killer Joe is easily one of the most memorable films of the year. You won't soon forget it. Even if you want to. 
bad More interested in the sins of the guilty than their effect on the innocent. 
good "Killer Joe" is one hell of a movie. It left me speechless. I can't say I loved it. I can't say I hated it. 
good ...wears its sleaze like a ratty stole dug out from a bin at the 'thrifty.' 
fair Killer Joe, packed with miserable stereotypes doing miserable things with no sense of a higher purpose, plays like a dramatized version of The Jerry Springer Show. 
good Like a deep-fried Twinkie at the State Fair of Texas, ''Killer Joe'' is gooey, flavorful and bad for you. Dig in. 
bad An ugly, ugly film that leaves you feeling dirty inside, especially if you find yourself being entertained and amused by its characters and what they do to each other. 
terrible The trials and tribulations of a Texas family that nobody would want to spend any time with. 
very_bad There are no characters here, and no drama. It's just a county fair sideshow attraction - 100 minutes of Shoot the Geek. 
terrible A sleazy and pointless film about sleazy and pointless people, "Killer Joe" reminds us that what Quentin Tarantino does isn't easy. 
fair To its own detriment, William Friedkin's splattery, southern gothic return to the screen seeks to amuse as well as shake and stir. 
good As a sadistic dallas cop who moonlights as a hit man, Matthew McConaughey is on fire in Killer Joe, fierce and ferociously funny. 
very_good One of the three best performances of McConaughey's career. 
bad Lurches from realism to corn-pone absurdism and exploitation-cinema surrealism. 
terrible "Killer Joe" offers us a sneering image of trailer-park Texas, in which everyone is stupid and amoral and trashier than their cluttered front yards. 
good No one will ever accuse William Friedkin of mellowing with age 
bad It sends you home reeling, but wondering what the point of it was, and why so many worthwhile people bothered to do it in the first place. 
best Gazing into the abyss has rarely felt so good. 
best Loud...lurid...and the best film of the summer 
good It thrills in seeing dumb people getting their due in hyper-stylized displays of violence, and yet it never feels contemptuous of them. 
good A little more time and a little more money might have turned Killer Joe into something truly great, or it might have ruined it, overwhelming the delicate chemistry with surface glitter. We'll never know. 
bad A twisted, well acted and quite compelling comedy of errors, until a brutal, over-extended finale leaves a very sour taste. 
good A gruesome, greasy bucket-load of uninhibited tastelessness. And I mean that in the nicest possible way. 
very_good Matthew McConaughey steals the show with a ferocious, transformative performance worthy of awards attention, and Friedkin restores his stature as an architect of taut, muscular cinema. 
good If you've always longed to see a version of Double Indemnity played out by in-bred, under-educated psychopaths, then your time has finally come. 
very_bad Friedkin remains an expert technician to this day, but it's difficult to understand his enthusiasm for this seemingly juvenile exercise in trailer-trash excess. 
good We get an effective combination of raw, in-your-face direction - Friedkin has a "two takes only" rule - and a finely honed script. 
good It's a joy to see rom-com star McConaughey slip into the role of an amoral sociopath with such ease. 
terrible The different characters' motivations are sucked into a vacuum which is only punctuated by moments of extreme and quite abhorrent violence. 
very_bad Becomes unintentionally funny by the grotesque closing stretch. 
good A deliriously sleazy black comedy thriller that is resolutely adult in tone and content but overflows with wonderful performances, fast-paced thrills and memorable dialogue. 
bad A kind of scuzzball Double Indemnity. 
bad A gruesome, brutally violent and queasy trailer-park nightmare from deep in the heart of Texas. 
bad Lovely to see Friedkin on such mischievous form and McConaughey finally revealing his dark side. 
good Killer Joe is emphatically not to everyone's taste, but it is among the purest cinematic experiences you'll have this year. It will also ensure that you never, ever look at fried chicken in quite the same way again. 
bad A seemingly hopeless spiral of existence ... there is some depraved glee that this filmmaker takes in toying with his hapless cast, and his latest film is no exception nor for the faint-hearted. 
bad Thanks to McConaughey's oily power and Friedkin's unflinching purpose it's a compelling beast. 
bad Like Friedkin's last film, Bug, this is adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, and takes place in a similarly cramped and mouldering dwelling. 
bad Friedkin's direction is rough and ready, but Letts's tangy writing is the star here. 
fair This film's unhinged plot constantly catches us off guard with its bizarre twists and turns, all of which are grounded on the hapless characters. 
good Enjoyably pulpy Southern-fried thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from a superb cast, though it occasionally struggles to escape its stage-bound origins. 
good The dirtiest black comedy you'll see for a long time. 
good Twisted, tense and trashy, it's glorious fun. 
fair For every moment of grotesque violence there are several beautifully directed, well written and fearlessly acted moments that counter. Killer Joe is a trashy and at times shocking Texan tale to be sure, but one that's worth watching. 
very_good It feels weird to say, 'I liked it,' but I know deep down, in places that feel uncomfortable, I loved it. 
very_good McConaughey's performance as the Mephistophelean title character is one for the ages. 
fair Essentially a filmed play, but McConaughey's performance is too good to ignore. 
good William Freidkin's film is full-frontal in every sense, an unabashed pulp romp stuffed with ugly acts and primal screams. 
good With Killer Joe, a black comedy thriller adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, Friedkin seems to have recaptured some of that youthful energy. 
very_bad Somehow, you can't help but feel vampires deserve better. 
very_bad Rather than create an innovative style to complement the horror-history hybrid, he employs superhero cliches and hackneyed action scenes that only help distract from the ineffectiveness of the film's scant 3-D effects. 
bad If you thought the American Civil War was about ending slavery, you're in for a rude surprise. 
bad As a tongue-in-cheek action mashup, Grahame-Smith and Bekmambetov have, for the most part, delivered an entertaining (albeit campy) historical retelling. 
terrible A rancid hot pot of over-caffeinated action, choppy editing, self-importance and retarded scripting, Lincoln is the worst blockbuster in recent memory... 
bad Frankly, if it gets kids talking about history again, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter succeeds where a lot of other films stumble-and even if it's kind of a lame duck, there's still a lot of dignity in that. 
bad What you get with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is an interesting concept that has a number of structural problems. 
very_bad Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter doesn't even come close to living up to the fun, silly nature of its premise. The film is a dull, humorless, ugly-looking slog. 
terrible With the most preposterous of plots, one would expect "Lincoln" to be funny, but it's not. It takes itself as seriously as a disease, and therein lies the biggest problem with this film. 
bad completely ludicrous but fun. 
very_good While the film eventually feels a little exhausting, particularly in the protracted but impressive finale, it works as well as this material possibly could. 
terrible Bekmambetov knows his way around supernatural movies very well but he just doesn't seem to have the sense of humour needed for this one. 
bad The most important thing about enjoyably trashy, title-says-it-all action films such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is to keep everything moving so fast and on such a huge scale that nobody will care too much about how monumentally silly it all is. 
bad Uses cues from the life of the former US President and builds an unwieldy supernatural story on top of it. 
bad AL:VH is easy to dismiss and equally as easy to forget, but it does what it does well. 
very_bad Sounds like it was pitched at the tail-end of a particularly cynical, three-day, coke-fuelled marketing strategy session in between Transformers with Boobs and The Voice: The Movie... 
fair What makes Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter so enjoyable is the extent it abandons so many established rules not just in terms of history and genre, but also physics. 
good Other than not knowing what's going on when the action gets heavy, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is fairly outstanding. It's downright ridiculous at times and extremely outrageous to its core, but is unbelievably entertaining from beginning to end. 
fair The Great Emancipator becomes a pretty great decapitator in this ridiculous and entertaining but ultimately exhausting mashup of 19th century American history and 21st century pop trendiness. 
fair A lot better than I'd expected. In itself, that's not saying all that much since I was prepared for it to be pretty bad. 
bad ...a missed opportunity that's rarely, if ever, as much fun as its title might've indicated. 
very_bad After simply ignoring everything potentially funny and lively, Abraham Lincoln grinds down on its characters, turning them into empty vessels upon which to hang the action sequences. 
terrible No, it's not entertainment; it's garbage. 
good Lincoln a Bloody Alternate History Lesson 
good If there's anything more radical and outrageous than the very title and concept, it's how focused and committed director Timur Bekmambetov and writer Seth Grahame-Smith are to its execution. 
very_bad Intriguing title the most interesting thing about Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter 
terrible Lacking cleverness and imagination, the film merely fuses Lincoln's and the Civil War's historical outlines with horror-, martial arts- and action-movie cliches. 
bad while the fantastically warped nature of the premise would seem to promise bloody good fun, the film turns out to be a rather dreary, overly serious slog through the all-too-familiar elements of modern action and horror genres 
fair Some good effects, but takes its potentially amusing premise way too seriously. 
very_bad This one needed to have a sense of humor. 
bad Mixing vampires with Abraham Lincoln never works in this action movie. 
good The movie works because the story outside the vampire zone sweet spot is played straight and with some heart. 
bad Even for those looking for crazy fun, I think they'll be disappointed with how serious, and how much of Lincoln's life is actually included in this mashup. 
terrible [It] states the moronic what-if that serves as its central conceit right in its title, but even that is unlikely to prepare you for the turgid mess that it delivers. 
very_bad ... a monotonous, knuckle-headed fusion of Bram Stoker's 'Dracula' and John Ford's 'Young Mr. Lincoln' ... the action is more stultifying than suspenseful, more cartoonish than cathartic. 
very_bad Ridiculous and revisionist, redeemed only by Bekmambetov's inventive, R-rated action sequences, particularly the CGI horse stampede. 
fair With its outrageous premise of turning Honest Abe into a slayer of the undead, one would expect to see the president snuffing out vamps in astounding ways. To this end, and as pure, thrill-ride entertainment, the movie certainly delivers. 
bad Not nearly as much fun as it sounds. 
bad If you are going to re-imagine the 16th president of the United States as a vampire hunter, go big or go home. "Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter" has chosen the former. 
terrible Reminds me of the Star Wars prequels... Vampire powers and limitations seem to work a lot like the Jedi...it depends on what's convenient for the plot at any given moment. 
very_bad This Lincoln, as portrayed by Benjamin Walker, is as stiff as the sculpture honoring him at his memorial in Washington, D.C. Walker fails to instill any vitality or zest into his Lincoln. His Abe is one dimensional and humorless. 
fair The movie may not totally succeed in what it wants to do, but neither should it be dismissed. 
bad If you see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and expect brilliant filmmaking, cogent storytelling or a serious examination of American history, you're an idiot. 
good As played by Walker, Abe is a 19th Century Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent, his mild demeanor a mask for a man of strength. 
fair Of course it's ridiculous and tasteless and grotesque. It's ABRAHAM LINCOLN, VAMPIRE HUNTER. 
very_bad Vampire Hunter will appeal to people who want to see graphic deaths and a bit of neck-nibbling, but it's a disjointed action adventure and a total no-hoper as a film of any historical significance. 
bad The disconnect between intention and final product is a head scratcher. 
terrible The execution is neither serious or jokey enough to make the movie palatable - a near impossible result for a movie with that title. 
good It's crazier than an antebellum bedbug, but Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is one of Summer 2012's definite sleepers. 
terrible The Great Emancipator as the Great Decapitator makes for just so much B-movie schlock. 
fair The upside: the vampires really suck and the movie doesn't. 
terrible A B movie treated like an A movie that mostly ends up being a zzzzzzzzzz movie. 
very_bad This film should be campy fun, but in Bekmambetov's unsteady hands, it feels laboured and unsatisfying. 
fair It's sad to say, but in a summer awash with sequels and reboots, a movie that is both effective and original is a rare treat, no matter how many history teachers it pushes into early retirement. 
bad How goes this particular Nosfera-tour? Sadly, this new-fang-led premise gives great visuals, but takes itself so seriously, we don't get the fun that the title promises. 
very_bad It's rather a shame that yawning voids occupy the places where we usually expect to find characters. 
good What you wouldn't expect is for a film where Abraham Lincoln uses a silver-tipped axe to chop of vampires head to be played straight. Well, as straight as an action film featuring a Civil War jam packed with vampires can be. 
fair There's a conceptual flaw here: the actual details of Lincoln's life were so fascinating, filled with such drama, that there's no need to make him a vampire hunter at all. 
good In a movie that promises to be about little more than Abraham Lincoln and Vampire Hunting, having Mr. Walker deliver a performance that exceeds those expectations is -- to some small, ironic degree -- liberating. 
good Is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter a great bad movie or a bad great movie? 
fair If you're even remotely considering buying a ticket to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, then you're a prime candidate to enjoy it. 
bad Works best when Bekmambetov is let off the leash, and goes WAY over the top. Worth seeing as long as you go in with the right frame of mind. 
very_bad The grave tone makes it stiff and leaden, the digi-saturated look is a turn-off. Damnable and disordered. 
bad It's sort of like a very special slavery-themed episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force. 
bad It relies solely on the gimmick that it's funny to have an ex-President using a silver-coated axe to fight mythical creatures. There's nothing else there. 
terrible "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is essentially the most expensive Troma movie ever made, lacking the quiet dignity, cohesive plotting or the shot of a flipping car 
very_bad Reimagining Abraham Lincoln as a forefather to Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a rather nifty idea. Unfortunately, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, doesn't fully sink its teeth into its fun premise. 
very_bad The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise. 
bad The result is a movie that seems more in service to its premise than to a good story. But hey, it's different. 
terrible Don't let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . . 
bad This has enough vamps being decapitated to keep you interested but isn't as gloriously silly as the title. 
bad For the most part Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is loud, fast and crunchy - and I suspect it's going to slay audiences at the box office. 
fair Both terribly silly and a lot of fun. 
good An insanely absurd fun mash up of horror and history that manages to be simultaneously brilliant and ridiculous. 
fair This almost works, but the script isn't realized enough to be fully satisfying. It all looks cool and dandy, but it's cold blooded. 
bad Apart from [two action] scenes and the initial setup, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter becomes repetitive. 
good If ever there was an "either you're in or out" movie in 2012, it's definitely this one and if you're in, it just might be the most satisfyingly guilty pleasure of the year. 
terrible Not to sound like a stick in the mud, but Abraham Lincoln was a great and noble man. He deserves better that this. 
very_bad This movie is even sillier than I thought it would be. You talk about shark-jumping, fridge-nuking. I have a new one for you, horse leaping! Once that happens, that's when it goes off the rails and begins it's descent into Movie Hell 
bad Starting well and culminating in a lackluster second half, it is far too streamlined and spotty to satisfy as anything more than a pulpy slice of summer movie inconsequence. 
very_bad This movie just made Steven Spielberg's life easier because his Lincoln biopic coming out in December wil definitely be the better of these two films. This could have been fun, it never settles in what it wants to be and ultimately fails. 
very_bad This is hokum on a grand scale, though it's emotionally cold and gets tiresomely repetitive, with scores of vampires baring their fangs before decapitation. 
bad The result is a film that feels more like the ridiculous Will Smith Wild Wild West and less like Bekmambetov's clever Night Watch. 
terrible [Bekmambetov's] name above the credits is fair warning; shame on me for not heeding it. 
good Walker is a tall, lean guy with a big hat who can swing an ax. What else can be said? 
very_bad It's not every day you see a movie and ask yourself, "Why does this thing even exist?" 
fair Despite its factual dismemberment of the movie's namesake, Hunter bristles as summer action fodder. Honest. 
good Rare is a film this silly that's also this quietly clever. 
terrible Here is the worst thing to happen to Abe Lincoln in a theater since he attended "Our American Cousin." 
very_bad Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen. 
very_bad "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is such a smashing title it's too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it. 
bad Your mileage, as with any movie crammed with unintentional laughter, may vary, but there are performances and some spectacular fight choreography that ought to keep anyone's interest. 
very_bad To say that it's an exercise in style over substance is perhaps an overstatement, in that it suggests there's any substance here at all. 
fair With a title like this, don't expect a PBS documentary. 
bad Bekmambetov directs with gusto, and the forthright absurdity of the story, combined with its weirdly heartfelt self-belief is winning. 
terrible This insipid mashup of history lesson and monster flick takes itself semi-seriously, which is truly deadly. 
good It's exciting, witty and very well-cast with some memorable set-pieces and a tight, suspenseful plot. 
very_bad The acrobatic repetition bores you breathless. Spare Benjamin Walker, who deserves to go on to better things. But the movie deserves a stake through the heart. 
fair Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has heart to spare, and the occasional silvered bayonet to run it through. 
fair Most filmmakers would render this "Road Warrior"-style finale with a little wink and nudge, but Bekmambetov chooses to stare down the material. It straddles his Civil War tale between Chancellorsville and Cartoon Land. 
very_good "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is a blast, the best action movie of the summer. 
terrible It constitutes a moral sin, if not an outright moral crime, and commits a grave insult against history. 
very_bad The problem with movies based on a single joke is that a single joke is rarely funny enough to sustain the running time of a feature-length film. And with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," the whole joke is in the title. 
fair Timor Bekmambetov doesn't need to make his material overtly wink at the audience because his conceit is itself enough of an obvious dim-bulb joke. 
fair The concept of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is worthy of a good chuckle or two, but the execution proves that sometimes a clever title does not beget a production of equal value. 
terrible It's a sin against entertainment. 
very_bad When 3D dust-motes and train-engine sparks are the most tempting things to look at, something has failed. 
bad A strange mash-up that doesn't entirely work but offers enough entertainment value that it never feels like a complete waste of time either. 
terrible It is the best title of the year and will almost certainly be the worst movie. 
bad While the character development & screenplay are a complete mess, ALVH, at times, is an incredibly interesting movie [with] some brilliant CGI work & incredible choreography.. 
bad There's no getting around the fact that this is a straight-faced drama that feels like it should be a satirical comedy/adventure. And as Lincoln himself observed, a movie divided against itself cannot stand. 
very_bad "History prefers legends to men," Abe narrates from his diary. Writer, director and star have conspired to give us none of the above - not the history, not a compelling legend, and certainly not Lincoln the man. 
very_bad Some of Bekmambetov's action sequences are spectacular as you would expect, but they are also wholly lacking in any sense of peril or jeopardy. 
bad It's not nearly as snappy or campy as it should be-though its self-seriousness is its own kind of entertainment. 
bad It sounds fun. It's a little fun. For a while. But Bekmanbetov shoots every killing spree like an addled gamer, working that slow-down-speed-up kill-shot cliche like a maniac. 
terrible Enormous in its scope and colossal in its stupidity. 
very_bad The giddy fun implied by that preposterous moniker is missing in this almost entirely humourless affair. 
terrible Where does it end? Franklin D. Roosevelt: Phone Sex Operator? Rosa Parks: Breakdance Champion? It's much more fun to come up with these idiotic concepts than to watch them. 
very_bad Walker's face is soft, bland, unremarkable. His acting, likewise. 
good A more entertaining movie than I remotely expected. 
very_bad An adaptation of a textbook would at least have been more educational. 
very_bad What ideally might have been playful and knowing is instead uptight and dreary, with a visual scheme that's so fake and cartoony, it depletes the film of any sense of danger. 
bad "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," which boasts one of the best film titles ever, just grazes its target. 
very_bad Essentially a lot of balls. 
good The premise may be pretty ridiculous, but this movie surprises by actually making sense. 
very_bad The appallingly self-serious Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is stylised to death and lacks the subversion needed to support its inspired premise. 
good Move over, Twilight. This is a vamp flick with teeth. 
very_bad Arrive two hours late for Bekmambetov's overcooked noise generator and you'll have a fantastic night. 
bad Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter's heart may be in the right place -- and any film that makes people interested in reading up on the real Lincoln must be commended -- but overall the film is, ironically, bloodless. 
terrible An amateur moviemaker certainly doesn't need to be Hitchcock to make a fun movie, but they should certainly aim higher than being the next Bert I. Gordon. 
terrible One of the worst movies I've ever seen -- if not the worst movie ever made. 
fair The flaws aren't fatal. The beauty and brilliance that might have been, don't preclude the quality and bravery that exist on the screen. 
terrible The House of the Spirits is like Gone With the Wind with the fun and excitement replaced by lofty. All that's left is the wind. 
bad How can an accomplished director take a great novel, the best actors working and the finest technicians available and make a film so... bland? It's a puzzlement. 
terrible This isn't just a bad movie -- it's hugely, grandiosely, pompously bad. 
terrible Inert from its opening moments to its too-long-delayed close, this lackluster production is an example of international filmmaking at its least attractive, and a misstep in the careers of pretty much everyone involved. 
terrible The story, from the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende, is purely incidental to the unintentionally hysterical stylings of this potential camp cult film. It's truly awful, and one shouldn't miss it for the world. 
very_bad Given the talents involved, the film's hesitations in style and consistent failure to really move must be counted as a major disappointment. 
very_bad Sterling cast, but a thoroughly mundane movie 
bad It does take daring chances with a book that could not have been adapted otherwise, using extraordinary actors to rise above its occasional lapses. The lack of fidelity is often offset by intelligence of a subtler kind. 
fair Ultimately, The House of the Spirits blends enough melodrama and magic realism and personal conflict framed in political terms to keep virtually any audience happily absorbed. 
bad All of the characters have the right names, all of the necessary events occur, and indeed the very best local actors have been engaged. But the soul has been mislaid. 
terrible Everything is too densely compressed and without resonance, and The House of the Spirits blasts through six decades without leaving any emotion in its wake. 
good Bille August has done a fine job with Isable Allende's tale, crafting a captivating motion picture, but it's hard not to recognize the flaws, and wonder about the lost potential. 
terrible You're better off reading the Cliff's Notes. 
fair Marceau and Bean have no chemistry, which is essential to a film like this. 
very_bad This version manages to be both the most pretentious and anaemic yet. 
bad Like its opening, Leo Tolstoy's Anna Karenina is half-successful. 
very_bad Bloodless and shallow adaptation. 
bad A copy of the paperback book should cost about as much as a movie ticket, and will provide a more lasting and worthwhile investment. 
good Sumptuous cinematography, glorious sets and costumes dominate throughout the film. 
bad Provided you have a burning interest in pretty visuals and less regard for the whys and wherefores of human behavior, this latest adaptation of Tolstoy's classic is a pleasant watch. 
good A wacky, high-energy satire of the music business. 
bad Silly fun. 
fair Tapeheads plays with the same kind of off-kilter energy that Repo Man has, but lacks the complete abandon of the former. 
bad The amiable screenplay by Mr. Fishman and Peter McCarthy is often funny, and never worse than silly. 
very_bad All of these elements have been lifted off the shelf of exhausted cliches, given a quick dusting, and plugged directly into the movie. 
good Cassavetes' film is pure Hollywood fiction and sensationalism mixed with some sense of reality, but hell I enjoyed it a great deal... 
terrible A lackluster teenage true-crime tale. 
bad Its originality lies in the fact that it depicts white middle-class kids on the loose, calling their women bitches and listening endlessly to violent, misogynist and homophobic black rap. 
bad Nick Cassavetes' film combines an aimless ramble through juvenile depravity in the affluent suburbs of LA and a quite disturbing evocation of the true-life murder of an adolescent boy in 1999. 
fair It's Beverly Hills 90210 on crystal meth as a gang of posh potheads lose the plot when a kidnapping goes wrong. 
good The movie may lose its way in the last 15 minutes but everything leading up to that point is gripping, edge-of-your-seat stuff. 
bad Lengthy and often off-hot topic, this is still a gripping saga with stand-out turns from Timberlake, Hirsch and kid-in-the-spotlight Yelchin. 
very_bad Overall though, it's a messy, superficial affair: it lacks focus, shifts uneasily in tone, and shoehorns in star names (Sharon Stone, Bruce Willis) to little effect. 
good True, Alpha Dog is a film with no manners. But it has great nerve. What's truly impressive is how the splintered story is buried by individual performances. 
bad Worth seeing for Stone's grotesque bow and some great youthful performances. But it's not half as gritty as it thinks it is. 
bad It suffers from ADD, but there's some terrific stuff in here. Leaving 15 minutes from the end and saving yourself a lumbering coda may improve enjoyment. 
good Emotionally engaging, impressively directed and frequently tense drama with strong performances from a terrific ensemble cast. 
bad Cassavetes uses a wide arsenal of flashy techniques...but his stylistic fourishes and some committed performances cannot disguise a certain emptiness where there should be tragedy. 
terrible The worst movie of the year. 
fair A little long and pushy, but very well-played and at times utterly harrowing 
terrible Even though we are less than two weeks into the new year, here is a film that is already a strong contender for the title of Worst Film of 2007. 
good This movie is on fire. An edgy and startling film, definitely starts the 2007 movie year off with a bang! 
fair This won't run at the front of the movie pack but it has bite. 
fair At its best, the film offers a pointed critique of a youth culture that views someone like Jesse James Hollywood as a person to emulate. 
good Alpha Dog is good filmmaking. 
fair Cassavetes' script buries a lot of character and thematic ambitions in the facts of the case. 
fair Timberlake runs away with the movie, earning retribution for the straight-to-video disaster of Edison Force. 
terrible Despite some rather surprisingly good acting by some of the most unlikely of cast members, the film's directing and editing style ultimately ruin Alpha Dog. 
terrible All the overacting from the white boyz in the hood is nothing compared to the final speech from Sharon Stone, the alpha and omega of bad Hollywood actresses. 
bad Sharon Stone's teary monologue near the end of the film might be more effective if she weren't buried inside a fat suit that makes her look like Jiminy Glick. 
best There are in fact no bad performances in this picture. The events depicted are often ugly and sometimes repulsive, but Cassavetes never flinches from depicting them fully 
bad Timberlake has his breakout performance here, proving that he's not some pretty boy from a teen pop idol group. 
very_bad It's like an actor's workshop at a community college where the instructor keeps screaming "Emote! Emote!" to the students. 
best Outstanding work from a young ensemble. Ben Foster steals the show in an over the top performance as an a**kicking, always-in-trouble, speedfreak. 
bad Cassavetes starts to lose the plot at the precise moment he starts keeping exact track of it. 
good In most areas, Cassavetes's instincts are spot-on, particularly when it comes to casting Timberlake in what turns out to be the most important role in the film. He manages to be both reprehensible and deeply charismatic, and winds up stealing the picture. 
bad Alpha Dog, a tale of a group of drug-fueled teenagers, is gritty to the point of painful abrasion. 
bad As uneven as the film is, those with strong stomachs will find it worth sticking with. 
terrible It is all so done and overdone, so regurgitated, so late-night TV and what-else-is-new-in-hell. 
very_good Ultimately Alpha Dog is most successful as a teen gangster movie, a kind of cross between Goodfellas and The O.C. that is swiftly paced and extremely compelling. 
bad [Writer/director Cassavetes] never masters the tone and lands as many unintentional laughs as intentional ones. But he still manages, on occasion, to chill you to the bone. 
very_bad Cassavetes sends us on a slow death march, following his bland, drugged-out and overly tattooed characters from one beer-bong party to the next. 
bad Alpha Dog may have some of Larry Clark's territory, and even some of Tarantino's markings. But it's still a mutt. And no matter how much it marks its territory, it never finds its own way home. 
fair Irresponsible, uncommercial but surprisingly watchable. 
bad Who would have thought that a real-life tale of sex, drugs and murder could be so instantly forgettable? 
good A frightening, tangled tapestry of youth as its worst. 
bad As successful as the unlikely casting of Timberlake turns out to be, some of Cassavetes' other choices are disastrous. 
good Whatever he observed in those true-life figures these roles are based on, [writer/director Nick] Cassavetes sure knew how to apply it to one nasty but exhilarating work of art. 
fair Although the filmmaker, Nick Cassavetes, doesn't seem to be trying to provide the whys and wherefores of the case, he has created an unmistakable (if uneven) indictment of the lifestyle. 
terrible Recovering from the Harlequin bathos of The Notebook, writer-director Nick Cassavetes directs this bogus-homeboy scenario as though his street cred depended on it. 
good Alpha Dog is a commanding ensemble piece. 
bad While Alpha Dog is a cautionary tale, it too often revels in its own bad-boy attitude. 
bad There probably isn't a single character in Alpha Dog you would consider likable or sympathetic. And yet, the film almost works in spite of that. Almost. 
terrible I truly doubt Hollywood will produce anything this year that bottoms Alpha Dog for offensively bad filmmaking. 
good The movie's biggest surprise is Timberlake, who finds the heart and soul of the not-so-tough Frankie and makes him the film's most complete character. 
terrible Has the most unappetizing film of 2007 really arrived just 12 days into the New Year? Alpha Dog will face contenders for that title, but it sets the bar high. 
bad These aren't the psychologically exploded youths of Rebel Without a Cause, or even The Outsiders. They're characters in a long, violent, unbleeped episode of MTV's Cribs. 
good Cassavetes once again shows he is brimming with talent with this psychologically violent film that is involving despite the inevitable outcome. 
terrible When Justin Timberlake is the best thing about a film, you know you're in trouble. 
fair It's no The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, and its final section chucks freedom in favor of formula, but it has moments of genuinely kooky energy. 
good Alpha Dog is a tragedy born of stupidity and weaned on depravity. 
fair Week-old weed smoke practically wafts from the screen in a film that's most engaging once it's handed over to Justin Timberlake's excellent performance. But where it thinks it's delivering gut-punches, it's too often feigning with caricatures. 
bad I almost hate to say it, but [Timberlake] might be reason enough to watch this. 
very_good ...meant as a cautionary tale, but it could be taken as just another tabloid exploitation. 
good Cassavetes captures the atmosphere of decadent disdain extremely well.. often unpleasant and even repellent, (but) the acting is consistently sturdy. 
good Alpha Dog is about people acting on impulse and slowly making things worse and worse. 
good A well-researched model of the true-crime genre...[and] close cinematic relative of Larry Clark's Bully. 
terrible A minefield of stupidity and degradation -- and not in a good way. 
bad Sporadically intriguing but ultimately ineffective... 
good ...Cassavetes has crafted a film that will hold your interest until the end. 
terrible Ben Foster becomes cartoonish instead of scary. It feels like he is channeling Pauly Shore doing an Al Pacino impression. 
very_bad Grade-C SoCal exploitation. 
good Alpha Dog is almost a sociological study of a youthful culture awash in freedom and steeped in violence, drugs, casual sex and offensive language. It also shines a light on parents who have abdicated their positions of guidance and discipline. 
very_bad Calls for more explanation and less posturing. 
very_bad The incessant reminders of the outcome, along with the liberal use of split screen, serve only to create a disconnect from what's on-screen. 
bad Alpha Dog has much the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another in a zoo or reading the latest issue of Star magazine. 
fair There's more voyeurism going on here, and less insight into a certain culture (the young and the wasted), than the filmmakers would probably admit to, but the performances are scarily real, and the outcome, well, is just scary. 
bad Among the many movies about the California drug scene and lowlife, youthful wannabe thugs, Alpha Dog is far from the leader of the pack. 
good 'This'll be over by tomorrow,' the big dog says to his prey at one point. Alpha Dog is full of good actors, young and old, making the most of such deceptively simple lines. 
good There's truth in the movie's point that when you're born with protective gloves on, you might not notice when you're playing with fire. 
bad This film is way more about tits and ass and drugs and guns and California muscle cars and busting up house parties with kung fu than it is about deep characterization or the epic scale of Scarface. 
bad Alpha Dog isn't a total wash, but it is unfocused, overstuffed and routine. 
fair Cassavetes coaxes persuasive performances from Justin Timberlake and Anton Yelchin in this flashy re-creation of a 1999 kidnapping-murder in cushy Southern California, which overdoes the seamy side of suburbia angle. 
very_good Alpha Dog operates without outrage -- not because the behavior of the people in the movie isn't horrifying but because the movie knows it is much too late to save those bouncing, happy kids we glimpsed in the opening seconds. 
bad Misses its opportunity to be a smart, investigative crime drama ... a frivolous and shallow affair about partying teens. 
bad Alpha Dog, like most of its cast, is posing. 
good Alpha Dog may be more crass exploitation than an earnest attempt at laying out the facts of a crime, but it's exciting and watchable for anyone willing to romp in the mud for two hours. 
good Director Nick Cassavetes should be commended for the unflinching manner in which he tells the story -- it packs a punch, although it lingers too long to be truly unsettling. 
very_bad An abusive, shallow, sleazy gangsta film that, at best, is a cautionary morality tale. 
good Tension and high emotional level of the players is the style of Cassavetes' docudrama and, for the most part, it works toward keeping you fascinated with a truly singular case in the annals of drug crime. 
bad Timberlake walks off with the movie. Too bad it's not worth stealing. 
very_bad Pot may impair your decision-making, but only speed will drive a man to drop trou and crap on another's living room floor. 
good What starts off as another seeming teenboy-targeted flick celebrating would-be gangbangers becomes a more interesting docudrama about a kidnapping turned tragic in Nick Cassavetes's Alpha Dog. 
good ...it's impossible not to get a kick out of watching [Noah] Wyle kill a man using a silenced pistol. 
fair Worth watching if only for the half-dozen familiar faces and a few scenes that ratchet up the intensity quite serviceably. 
good Mehra's Bafta-nominated attempt to combine political drama and traditional entertainment remains entirely compelling. 
bad The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow. 
best Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made. 
very_good The performances are fantastic, and as an ensemble they compliment each other beautifully. 
good If you've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks, chances are you'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers. 
good Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and, once all the blood has been spilt, offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain. 
very_good ... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre. 
fair I doubt that anyone who isn't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it. 
bad By the time the action-packed, thoroughly tedious climax rolls around, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions... 
bad This goofy, over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity. 
good Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other, but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace, on both sides, are hot coeds. 
good Film fans who believe there's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks (a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person) will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here. 
good Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat. There's nothing flat about this clever genre flick. For the right audience, it's pretty great. 
fair The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior. 
good Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully "Tucker and Dale" works its way through upended cliches. 
good One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream. 
good a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the cliches of its genre with a buoyant impudence. And blood. A whole lot of blood. 
very_good Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ... 
fair While it's not quite a home run, there's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. It's got its heart in the right place, and hey, it's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario! 
good From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going, the smiling starts 
fair This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes. 
very_good It's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor, heart and guts. 
good The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it, allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace. 
good There's even a message under all the body parts: People are individuals, not just easy regional stereotypes. 
terrible Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence. 
very_good We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other. 
fair It's not as clever as, say, "Shaun of the Dead," but it's good for some laughs. 
good Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect. 
good It thrives on Tucker and Dale's winning personalities, and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine, veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here. 
good A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along. 
good Relying mostly on a single gimmick, the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors. Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous. 
good It's fast, it's funny, and it works. 
bad Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions. 
fair A farce of misunderstanding first, body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance. 
bad a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy 
good Hillbillies of the world unite! 
bad If you're seeing this as the midnight movie it's destined to best be experienced as, you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark... 
good Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is a Canadian-made horror spoof that delivers both comedy and gross-out thrills. 
good While its subversion of the well-worn "hillbilly horror" genre may be a one-note gag, that note is played pretty durn well. A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp. 
fair It's a sometimes-hilarious send-up of slasher movies that buries a surprising amount of sweetness under buckets of gore. 
bad An allegory of our times, with a belabored message of tolerance punctuated by impalings and other grisly deaths. 
terrible It's neither particularly funny in its desperate rural dumbness, nor is it much of a genre piss-take. 
fair ... deft/daft mix of authentic feeling and sharp parody, belly laughs and visceral dread, makes Tucker & Dale vs. Evil a keeper... 
very_bad "Evil" fails to triumph. Utterly. 
fair This subversion of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Wrong Turn tropes is reasonably clever and delivered with requisite tongue in cheek. 
bad A neat reversal of the kids-in-the-wood genre that's genuinely funny - and quite bloody as it turns out. 
fair Make no mistake, "Tucker & Dale vs. Evil" is a total lark, yet it's also very clever. Real thought and ingenuity were brought to its making, and it shows. 
good As with most single-joke movies the plot runs out of steam, but it's still a fun and memorable ride. 
good Topsy-turvy hoot delivering a grim and confident fiasco full of clever contradictions and a couple of likeable champions of the hour in Tucker and Dale 
bad It's a good joke, but one that inevitably flags over 90 minutes. 
good Smartly directed, brilliantly written and featuring a pair of terrific comic performances from its two leads, this is a thoroughly enjoyable comedy-horror that's laugh-out-loud funny from start to finish. 
bad Tucker & Dale vs Evil feels as if it knows exactly what it wants to be - a throwaway Friday night horror film with enough laughs to balance the gore. 
good An instant cult smash, get Tucker & Dale facing against the Wolfman, Bubba Hotep or Alien (or Predator) immediately. 
good Genuinely funny. A life lesson in never prejudging a man just because he's skinning a squirrel. 
bad Genre staples and stereotypes are slain only for convention to wreak revenge; but it'd sure be sweet to follow the loveable lugs on another misadventure. 
bad Despite its crowd-pleasing nature, Tucker & Dale remains overly broad and one-note throughout 
bad Tucker and Dale vs Evil, much like the titular characters, is daft and doesn't much care for subtlety, but smart horror fans will laugh their way through this well-acted, subversive horror-comedy. 
bad A razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars. 
fair Has way more than the average serving of laughs out loud, and even has a few of those laughs that go on and on, that hurt your gut. 
bad Tucker and Dale isn't a spoof of the genre it's parodying (in this case, hillbilly slasher movies like Wrong Turn), but rather a razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars. 
very_good Surprise, it works. 
good There's nothing wrong with a one-joke horror/comedy -- provided you keep the joke spinning for 90 minutes. This flick (somehow) does. 
good Eli Craig's feature debut celebrates genre conventions while turning the traditional view of horror-movie heroes and villains upside down. 
good Great hillbilly horror comedy! 
very_good ...a smart and entertaining movie that can fairly be described as fun. 
good Vidal was our last great Roman senator, mourning the republic as he gazed at a corrupt empire. "Whenever I want to know what the United States is up to," he said, "I look into my own black heart." 
fair Asked at the film's conclusion what he expects his legacy will be, he replies, "I couldn't care less," ornery to the last. Viewers who encounter him for the first time through this film will no doubt share the sentiment. 
good We watch before our eyes as Vidal goes from an impossibly handsome young man to a broken-down old one, and age does nothing for his mood. 
very_good Remarkably enjoyable, even joyous, the film chronicles Vidal's life from his privileged beginnings, his years at some of the country's most elite prep schools, and his shocking decision to join the Army instead of attend college. 
bad It is especially odd, given the movie's subtitle, that "Gore Vidal" takes so long to get around to explaining the roots of Vidal's famous cynicism about this country's politics. 
very_bad Vidal proves a great one for carving up sacred cows - the Founders, Lincoln, Kennedy, The New York Times, and on occasion, the most holy bovine of the self. 
best The Gadfly Speaks 
good It does a great job of collecting Vidal's Wildean aphorisms on class, democracy and liberty. 
bad Mostly for those already fascinated by Vidal's colorful life. 
fair The unbalanced appraisal of Vidal's life and work in Nicholas Wrathall's documentary diminishes the effect of the writer's engaging dissension of American political policy. 
bad Fabulous profile of the American author/commentator/troublemaker, filmed shortly before his death in 2012. 
bad It's easy to believe the friends who attest that Vidal remained shy and vulnerable at heart. But perhaps this wasn't a bad thing, if it helped ensure that his carnivorous elegance remained wedded to an underlying sense of decency. 
good The film has such flavour that it will inspire you to dust off, or a new generation to seek out Vidal's work. 
fair While hardly a balanced look, the documentary's selective memory can be forgiven. 
bad 'United States of Amnesia' comes not to bury Vidal but to praise him right to the rafters 
fair ...as much as it admires Vidal's last-lion status, the film never bows down in complete obeisance. 
very_good Wrathall's considered, thorough and thoroughly entertaining film gives not just a sense of the man but also the importance to the world of iconoclasts like him. 
good As a chilly tale of a young woman striving to escape her family and her claustrophobic small town, it succeeds on its own merits. 
bad When Animals Dream is a cold and understated Scandinavian werewolf movie that doesn't quite stick the landing. 
very_good Director Jonas Alexander Arnby has made another excellent contribution to Denmark's soft parade of horror. 
good A stark and strangely mesmerising take on contemporary silent cinema... for anyone interested in the language of filmmaking itself, The Tribe is a movie that demands to be seen 
very_bad The film is more interested in performance and symbolism than in the meaning of its characters' words or their substitutive gestures. 
good I can't stop thinking about it. 
best A sad, shocking and undeniably harrowing dramatic reflection of Ukraine with the searing truthful lens of a stylistic documentary treatment (at times similar to that of Austrian auteur Ulrich Seidl). 
best The piece de resistance is a taboo subject that unfolds in an elaborate single take. It was so harrowing I would have applauded if it would not have been completely inappropriate for the subject matter to do so. 
very_good The Tribe was by far the most hard-hitting and vivid work in the [Cannes Film] festival. 
good Stephane Lafleur denies Nicole the angsty treatments given similar characters in films like The Graduate and Frances Ha by refusing to saturate the film with an undergirding sense of charm. 
good The night scenes are particularly resonant, mixing humour, suspense and textured visuals. This is the kind of film dream from which you feel reluctant to wake. 
good Tu Dors Nicole accurately recreates that feeling of youth when the summer seemed like it would last forever. As the French say, it's tres drole. 
good Lafleur counters the lackadaisical narrative with direction, editing and sound cues that are playful but precise, mysterious but potent, making every note in this exceptionally well-made film something to savour. 
very_good It's hard to explain just why I so adored Tu dors Nicole. Can't you just take my word for it? 
good Beautifully understated and grumpy in that special 20-something kind of way 
good Having taken basic training at Ft Jackson, SC this film had a lot of memories for me. Plus Penny Marshall autographed my "League of Their Own" poster for me after the premiere. 
bad Okay "heartwarming" drama. Tries too hard, but mostly works. 
very_bad A colossal mess, which is not at all as dispiriting as those remakes of classic horror which are just empty, shallow exercises in genre mechanics. 
terrible All setup and no payoff makes this a dull film. 
terrible Neither horror, nor comedy. It's barely even a movie... 
bad Black Christmas works best as a campy deconstruction of the genre than it does as a horror film. 
fair this reimagining showcases with encyclopaedic relish just about every slasher convention and variation that has evolved over the last thirty or so years since the original Black Christmas screened. 
terrible Shockingly awful in every way imaginable... 
very_bad The fans will dig the brief-yet-nasty FX work, but they'll have to slog through a pretty tiresome movie just to get their hands on those nuggets. 
very_bad full review in Greek 
terrible Glen Morgan's update of Bob Clark's 1974 slasher flick Black Christmas is an exemplar of how to screw up a modern horror film remake. 
bad Just another slasher flick that stopped off at the theater on its way to the $5.50 dump bin at Wal-Mart. 
bad Director Glen Morgan has a nice pictorial sense and a flair for ghoulish caricature, but the film is muddled and choppy. 
very_bad One for real horror-buffs only. 
very_bad Despite some admirably gory bits, this is a disappointing horror remake that's neither as scary nor as funny as it thinks it is. 
bad Although this is a more standard horror film, the tone is witty and gleefully grisly. 
terrible Unfortunately for those hoping for shower scenes and other R-rated shenanigans, there's only one and it's pretty lame. 
bad The result's an undemanding multiplex filler -- a ho-ho-horror movie that knows it's the season to be jolly. 
good the most audacious and unlikely great horror movie in years! 
bad A surprisingly memorable creepfest that fleshes out the characters' backstories while adding a heaping helping of blacker-than-pitch humor to the proceedings. 
terrible Creativity is a stranger to this sick excuse for entertainment, which pounds a ridiculous back story into a butchered rehash that includes incest, cannibalism, eyeball gouging and impossibly dumb plot contrivances. 
terrible Oh, how painfully incompetent this movie is. 
terrible What would Christmas be without the release of a lackluster horror movie? 
terrible This movie serves up a bland, interchangeable mix of victims. Because the sitting ducks don't display any personality, it's hard to get worked up about their fate. 
terrible Connoisseurs of trashy moviemaking are left with a bland slasher film, filled with a bad guy who lacks menace, a script that lacks humor and several hot young characters who have the nerve to go throughout the picture without taking their clothes off. 
terrible It's one of the least original serial killer flicks of the decade. 
terrible 'Tis the season to enjoy some bloodshed with your eggnog, right? Not in this case. 
very_bad Morgan borrows Christmas-specific nastiness from a wide range of fright flicks, but the result is less than the sum of its parts. 
terrible Glen Morgan's disastrous remake smothers terror beneath a blanket of unnecessary information, revealing too much and teasing too little. 
very_bad Where the first film was a seminal forerunner of early stalker classics like Halloween, this version feels as stale as old gingerbread. 
very_bad Silly, obvious, clumsy, and just gruesome enough to keep jaded genre fans from angrily throwing popcorn at the screen. 
very_good Morgan's gleeful desire to shock the audience both with the gore and the perverse backstory is delightfully infectious. 
bad For me, this was one of the best horror movies of the year, which sounds glowing until you consider the competition. 
terrible Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks, Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it's unwrapped, gathering dust until the season rolls around again. 
terrible an R-rated misfire from beginning to end 
very_bad Dumbed-down, unscary hokum without a clue how to ratchet up a person's heartbeat. 
bad Who needs Scrooge or the Grinch to ruin your holiday cheer when you have tired horror rehashes like this one? 
terrible Lazy, perfunctory and free of tension, the new version will satisfy neither the admirers of the original nor anyone looking for a gory respite from seasonal good cheer. 
terrible Bad film fans will think Christmas has come early, everyone else should ask for the receipt. 
very_good A thorough examination (and debunking) of the claims that have blurred the term 'historical fiction,' stirred a cauldron of controversy, and spurred record-breaking sales. 
best This is a riveting piece of drama about a forgotten slice of history, no matter what the esteemed movie critics at the Vatican say about it. 
good A deliberately provocative film that triggers the audience's emotions in order to highlight important issues of personal freedom. Amen to that. 
fair The Magdalene Sisters isn't perfect, but it sheds light on a story that needed to be told. 
fair ...a powerful, dramatic, moving, dark, and depressing experience. 
fair Its mode is that of 'a story that needs to be told,' lest we forget the marginalized lessons of history... worth seeing at least once. 
very_good A gut-wrenching expose of the mistreatment of young Irish women at the hands of men, the government and the Catholic Church. 
good Bracing and potent, though the film's stylistic polish is sometimes tonally counterintuitive 
good A harrowing indictment of the atrocities performed in the name of organized religion. 
very_good Beautifully directed and acted, Mullen's movie seems to be made with the same purpose as last year's Bloody Sunday, that of atonement and catharsis. 
good Um filme forte e relevante. 
bad Too much like a sexualized Dickensian rant right out of Nicholas Nickelby or Oliver Twist to ever rise beyond the level of obvious propaganda. 
good "The Magdalene Sisters" will reduce you to quivering in your seat; if you are susceptible to crying at films, prepare to cry. 
good First and foremost, The Magdalene Sisters is an important film, a brutal, unwavering expose on a deplorable crime against women perpetrated by the Irish Catholic Church that went unchecked and unquestioned until 1996. 
good As compelling as the material is, the film never quite grabs you as anything more than a gruesome expose (although a particularly timely and important one). 
good A grim and unmistakable masterpiece of bleak, black sorrow. 
good With a little restraint, writer-director Peter Mullan's The Magdalene Sisters might have been a historical expose with the heft of films like last year's Rabbit-Proof Fence or The Pianist. 
bad The sadistic horror of the story fuels the film the way some World War II movies feed on the Holocaust, but the movie is dramatically stagnant, and Mullan substitutes grimness for power. 
best Harsh and angry, this Oscar-worthy film stages a deliberately paced, thoroughly researched indictment of institutionalized cruelty and the kind of ignorance and hypocrisy that validates and encourages it. 
bad Though it has a tendency to leave characters undeveloped and storylines empty, the overall portrait is significant. 
very_good As every bit hard to watch as it is to turn away from. And that's really saying something. 
very_good A hard pill to take -- but worth it for its outpouring of raw rage, and defiance, on the screen. 
good The raw power of the material, accompanied by breathtaking acting, lift the film to fascinating drama. 
fair Though it has a tendency to leave characters undeveloped and storylines empty, the overall portrait is significant. 
good A powerful piece of agitprop. 
fair Something like a 'Masterpiece Theatre' retread of an old Roger Corman women-in-prison flick... 
very_good Much like last year's Oscar-nominated "The Pianist," "Magdalene" is a movie that attempts to get at the core of pain, anguish and perseverance. 
good harrowing and mesmerizing 
good The Magdalene Sisters has the force of an alarm being sounded. 
good The outrage of actor-turned- writer-director Peter Mullan is palpable, and every frame of this shocking and occasionally exploitative film is designed to ensure that this reaction is contagious. 
best An edgy, complex tale. 
bad remains far too formulaic to last longer than a passing footnote soon destined for dusty shelves 
very_good Even if you question the validity behind many of the arguments presented in the story, there is no denying the volcanic passion behind this often brilliant film. 
good Will make you furious and dejected, but in the end it offers an optimistic if unsettling twist. 
best Forget Freddy Versus Jason. For a real horror show, try The Magdalene Sisters. 
good If The Magdalene Sisters occasionally flirts with cartoonishness, the movie is tempered by Mullan's considerable filmmaking skills. 
bad Mullan can direct scenes so that your skin crawls while your blood freezes, but his feel for drama is fairly primitive ... and before the movie ends, you may feel bilious from his force-fed revelations. 
good A story like this one could easily succumb to outraged melodrama, but not only does Mullan keep the drama human-sized, he even leavens it with the humor that one can easily believe had to be summoned to endure such misguided and malicious treatment. 
very_good Full of forceful, aching performances. 
very_good A dramatic expose on the mistreatment of girls at the hands of the Catholic Church in 1960s Ireland. 
good Although it's heavy-handed in its emotional button-pushing, The Magdalene Sisters still manages to produce all the reactions the filmmakers want: repulsion, indignation, anger and outrage. 
very_good The film's strength lies not in the harrowing crimes of its namesakes, but in the feisty spirit of the maltreated girls whose determination to escape their Dickensian nightmare transcends all. 
good The cast is uniformly fine, particularly smiley-eyed Geraldine McEwan as the avaricious Sister Bridget, and the filmmaking haunting. 
good A film of haunting eloquence and justifiable fury. 
best Blistering and brilliant work of true-life moral agitprop. 
good ...burns with a righteous fury that's at once invigorating and self-defeating. 
very_good A harrowing look at institutional cruelty. 
best A fierce, brilliant film that breaks (and then mends) your heart. 
very_good If Writer/Director Mullan is true to the facts, then I don't need to hear the other side of the story since its likely one with a single purpose in mind not willing to listen to anyone else. 
good While perhaps slightly monotonous and a bit more heavy-handed than it needed to be, it's a fine, serious film. 
fair It's incredibly sad and difficult to watch because the suffering is relentless, but the solid performances of the young ladies make this worth watching. 
good Mullan has crafted a gripping yarn, full of bitter humour and ironic twists and turns. 
bad Writer/director Peter Mullan clearly feels very strongly about this subject, but his lack of objectivity prevents the film from becoming more than just a one-sided tirade. 
very_good The film is beautifully acted by all, but Nora-Jane Noone, as the sloe-eyed orphan Bernadette, is first among equals here, and a genuine find. 
bad All in all, a worthy, if dull effort which leaves us feeling we've been assigned to a lecture of limited inspiration. 
good Like Phillip Noyce's recent Rabbit-Proof Fence, which exposed similar crimes of mass containment and correction against Australia's Aboriginal people, The Magdalene Sisters is social history told with anger and an agenda. 
good A powerful document of cruelty and sadism. 
best Although there are welcome moments of humor and warmth, The Magdalene Sisters is frequently painful to watch. 
very_good Mullan triggers all your emotions -- anger, sorrow, pity, disgust, shame. And once he gets hold of you, he won't let go. 
good Mullan's anger, which sometimes looks like righteous indignation, is not misplaced; it is laser-targeted where it should be, toward culpable parties, however reluctant they might be to own up to the epic mistakes of the past. 
good Mullan's movie is undeniably heart-wrenching, but it's also overwrought, sometimes reducing what we're seeing on screen to the level of a very disturbing cartoon. 
best A superb film. 
good Angry and deliberately provocative, The Magdalene Sisters sets out to offend those who deserve it. 
very_good One of the year's most powerful films and an absolute must-see. 
very_good Offers a kind of worst-case glimpse into the draconian Magdalene Asylums that were begun in the late 19th century and lasted well into the 1990s. 
best Tough drama about Ireland's Catholic homes for "fallen" women is a cruel, wrenching drama with a sting of truth behind every atrocity. 
very_good Heartbreakingly bleak. 
very_good Mullan has created an emotionally real story, one that has moments of agony and desperation but ultimately, thankfully, enough triumph to make the harrowing experience of watching it endurable. 
fair Mullen's devastating drama is a shocking expose of little-known subject. 
fair The picture is passionate without question, but perhaps passionate to a fault. 
very_good One of the most gut-wrenching and expertly told films of the year. 
good There is a fundamental air of truth about it, a sense that, horrific though things seem, this is how it must have been. 
best [Mullan's] fictionalized screenplay brings awful realities to vivid life, reminding us that piety without compassion is meaningless. 
best McEwan nails the degenerate blend of humanity and hypocrisy that can coexist when people become slavemasters of moral rectitude. 
good The film gets to you; it's a powerhouse. 
good This is a worthwhile movie because it is well-made and encourages viewers to think and feel. 
best This extraordinary film is celluloid incendiarism, rabble-rousing cinema with a delirious, delicious edge of black comedy which I estimate to be about 90-95% intentional. 
good Mullan encourages uniformly strong performances from his wonderful cast in roles that must have been physically and psychologically challenging. 
good It's occasionally heavy-handed and emotionally manipulative, but the subject matter justifies the anger you'll feel. 
bad This is a strong film about a shameful period in recent Church history. 
good A harrowing insight into a dark period of religious repression, and a personal triumph for the multi-tasking Mr Mullan. 
good The Magdalene Sisters more than fulfills the promise of Mr. Mullan's audacious feature film debut, Orphans. 
good The film is forceful, perhaps a bit too tidy, but thoroughly accessible, moving and ultimately devastating stuff. 
very_bad Like many lectures on righteousness, it's also painfully dull. 
bad We never doubt where Mullan's polemical biases lie, [but] such simplifications rob the movie of much of its dramatic effect. 
fair That Magdalene Sisters arrives stateside with the full censure of the Vatican more or less confirms Mullan's job-well-done. 
very_bad An overripe melodrama -- a time waster. 
bad Como suspense, o filme nao desaponta. Porem, a ambiguidade moral de seus 'herois' acaba por transmitir uma mensagem oposta aquela que o filme pretende defender. 
terrible ... [Alan] Parker lures you into the theater, but then you sit down and all he has waiting for you is a whoopee cushion. 
very_bad In arguing that calmly and deliberately taking a life can never be justified... it ends up arguing just the opposite. It's bad drama and worse politics. 
terrible It isn't long before we yearn to see David Gale as the poster-boy for deserved capital punishment. 
good I appear to be alone in my adoration of this strong film... 
terrible Dead Man Walking if written by Charlie Kaufman. 
bad . When all is said and done, The Life of David Gale is thus only worth about $8.50 on a cheap Tuesday. . 
good 'A pesar de las infundadas criticas en su contra, Alan Parker logra un trabajo estupendamente llevado a la pantalla al que vale mucho la pena echarle un vistazo' 
terrible Promises an intelligent debate about capital punishment but delivers a predictable thriller, directed with stunning amateurishness by Alan Parker. 
terrible An evil piece of junk that uses the death penalty as a gimmick for a dumb thriller. 
very_bad Worth seeing for Spacey and Linney but you'll spend more time arguing about the finale than you will about the issue behind it. 
terrible Suffers from Parker's same overindulgence in making points at the expense of making stories. 
bad a serviceable thriller, albeit one with some serious logic gaps and narrative loopholes 
terrible The type of preaching the choir would walk out on. 
very_bad Any dialectic concerning the ethical-moral issues of execution is overridden and undermined when the Hollywood murder-mystery formula takes the front seat. 
terrible I don't like being lied to. I don't like being cheated. I don't like being manipulated by a filmmaker willing to negate his entire story for the sake of cleverness or a cheap thrill. It should come as no surprise that I didn't like 'The Life of David Gal 
terrible The difference here is that "Gale" addresses death without bringing anything new or interesting to the discussion. It is shocking when it should be insightful, time and again turning to its idiotic thriller subplot before its philosophical debate gets int 
bad First-time screenwriter Charles Randolph has figured out a way to combine his message movie with a more generic race-against-time thriller. And while the combination provides a kind of novelty that works for a while, it ultimately falls apart. 
terrible Turns out to be not much more than a high-concept question padded out to feature length. 
very_bad It's far too contrived and implausible a house of cards. 
bad ...a mundane and manipulative crime thriller that doesn't have anything new to say...Parker doesn't know when to appropriately distribute or neutralize the tension of his toxic storyline in subtle, heartfelt strokes 
good It's a pleasure to watch these excellent actors politely unfold the origami tale. 
very_bad It's hard to explain why "The Life of David Gale" is so bad... 
very_bad It's lazy filmmaking for a lazy audience, and it's truly shameful. 
terrible The movie shoots itself not only in the foot but in the bleeding heart as well, offering a series of (mostly predictable) plot twists that undermine every point that Parker and his posse were trying to make. 
terrible Bad movies are easy to make, but as this overheated and self-defeating propaganda piece shows, it takes a genuinely talented group of people to come up with the most astonishing botch jobs. 
good As a thriller -- despite its implausibilities -- it's really a pretty darn good movie. Parker's signature atmosphere and his uncanny precision in editing are very much in evidence. 
very_bad Director Alan Parker pitches the melodrama on high boil, and his way of dealing with all the holes in Randolph's plot is to place huge, almost defiant exclamation points around them. 
very_bad It feels like too much of a sanctimonious sermon, and a sloppy one at that. 
very_bad Oh those wacky liberals! What will they think of next? 
fair The film's far from perfect, but it was entertaining, engaged me throughout and offered up a nice dose of surprise, 
bad A by-the-numbers thriller made compelling by two complex characters wonderfully brought to life by Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney. 
bad Kate Winslet is 'Bitsy Bloom.' If she can't save David Gale, she can always hook up with Superman. 
good A riveting mystery-drama filled with absorbing writing and even better acting. 
bad It's what you'd expect, but not what you'd hope for, from a February release. And it's starting, alarmingly, to be what you'd expect from a Kevin Spacey movie. 
terrible It does for anti-death penalty activism what Battlefield earth did for Scientology. 
bad One to add to the list of recent films not worthy of Spacey's talents. 
terrible A manipulative melodrama so intent on ramming home its political message that it runs roughshod over logic, telegraphs its plot developments and browbeats its audience. 
bad For the most part, David Gale just feels cluttered and artificial. 
bad By the end, it reveals itself as too pat, too absurd and -- as a polemic against capital punishment -- philosophically self- defeating. 
good The cast keeps rescuing the movie from a tendency to wobble off into soapy corners, and its liberal politics is handled with undogmatic skill. 
fair The film manages the feat of preaching to both the converted and the unconverted. 
bad A convoluted mystery that thinks it's way smarter than it is. 
good A well-made drama that employs the twists and turns of a thriller to generate heat around the volatile issue of capital punishment. 
bad A movie that at first glance seems to be using the mystery/suspense genre as a lure for a serious discussion of the death penalty, but turns out to be merely exploiting capital punishment arguments for easy goosebumps. 
terrible Lazy, manipulative and misanthropic to its core, this is a prime example of Hollywood at its most sickeningly self-important. 
very_bad David Gale makes the good ol' boy death penalty proponents look Neanderthal while inadvertently making their well-meaning opposition look psychotic. Who are we supposed to root for here? 
good The picture is neither flawless nor foolproof, but it's smart and tight enough to keep audiences off-balance and entertained for the running length. 
bad What we have here is a badly flawed script and a melodrama about American life that may only be interesting to American movie-goers. 
bad This is a good yarn with enough twists to satisfy even the most demanding armchair detectives who may guess a few but not likely all. 
bad Charles Randolph has written one of the worst attempts at agitprop [Russian for theatrical propaganda] of the decade, and we've still got seven years to go. 
very_bad It takes some sort of talent to make a film as completely strident, overbearing, heavy-handed and downright off-putting as The Life of David Gale, although it's not exactly clear what type of talent it requires. 
very_bad The Life of David Gale demonstrates why Hollywood liberals have such an awful reputation for being humorless, overbearing and self-important. 
terrible This Kevin Spacey/Kate Winslet death row drama has pretensions of grandeur and a script that would shame Nancy Drew. 
bad Like a comfy, handsome $12 sweater. On first wearing, it seems like a bargain. Pull just one string, and it swiftly unravels in your hands. 
terrible A snide, juvenile, plot-twisting story about capital punishment that should provoke activists truly concerned about the death penalty to rage, and guilty-pleasure seekers to lament that the movie fails even as decent trash. 
very_bad ...ludicrous and less-than-suspenseful. 
terrible The two words that kept springing into my mind were not 'smart movie' but 'utter crap' 
fair The Life of David Gale is gripping and has a good logical payoff. Director Alan Parker has done better but he could've done a lot worse here. 
fair The very things that give the picture its entertainment value -- the suspenseful contrivances of the story -- are precisely what undermine its ostensible message. 
terrible I am sure the filmmakers believe their film is against the death penalty. I believe it supports it and hopes to discredit the opponents of the penalty as unprincipled fraudsters. 
very_bad The Life of David Gale is the world's first movie with a penalty phase. 
bad An Alan Parker potboiler in the tradition of his Angela's Ashes and Come See the Paradise -- more concerned with quickening our pulses than broadening our minds. 
good Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney turn in fine performances. 
terrible The film is a polemic against the death penalty, which may be a reasonable position, but played out as a mystery/thriller it's silly, and often embarrassing. 
terrible So nasty, hysterical and long-winded -- and unintentionally makes capital punishment foes look so twisted -- you wish someone had administered a lethal injection to this dreck in its planning stages. 
fair Suspenseful but overworked death penalty thriller. 
bad Its heart is in the right place, for sure, but its script needs to be in a rewrite place. 
terrible Almost unbearably sanctimonious -- not to mention preposterous. 
bad It's fine, even admirable, to make movies with a definite point of view but not if heavy-handed opinion overwhelms the entertainment. 
bad Instead of mounting a fierce argument against socially sanctioned killing, Parker gives the other side ammunition and allows those predisposed to executions to exit feeling smug and reassured in their beliefs. 
bad Parker uses the same overbearing touch in David Gale that he did in Angela's Ashes and Mississippi Burning. 
very_bad A thriller whose serious underpinnings are undermined by clunky plot mechanics and obtrusive stylistic flourishes. 
bad Teeters between compelling political commentary and sanctimonious claptrap like a drunk humanities professor chatting up a student at a faculty party. 
terrible David Gale may be the first liberal-leaning movie that could be brought up on assault charges since its director, Alan Parker, made Midnight Express. 
very_bad Parker's tendency to smash through stories ends up being brutal on Spacey and Winslet. 
bad Fails both as advocacy and entertainment. 
fair While it won't win any awards, it's mildly clever and entertaining...even while being a bit annoying. Wait to rent it. 
very_bad Spacey's typically solid acting cancels out Winslet's overwrought airhead character. 
bad As the mystery unravels, the movie builds to such a ludicrous crescendo, you'll wish Keyser Soze did it. 
terrible If the film heaps contempt upon the death penalty, it heaps even more contempt upon those who oppose it. 
very_bad An obvious and smug sermon on the death penalty. 
bad The Life of David Gale acts as its own executioner, injecting the very first scene with a lethal cliche from which the film never recovers. 
fair This is a movie that rivets the attention and stirs our emotions before collapsing into wild, unconvincing melodrama. 
bad Spacey has exactly the right amount of understated earnestness to make this death row drama effective. 
bad Tries to give you two films for the price of one. Unfortunately, it does neither very well. 
good Glitzy, yes, challenging credibility, maybe, but nonetheless a clever thriller emerges from a political diatribe. 
very_bad Our audience was howling in laughter at Winslet's over-emotional histrionics, and by the end, so was I. 
terrible Politicism is charted on a circle, and the extremes of both ends tend to meet at the bottom. 
terrible Somewhere between thriller and propaganda. 
good A perfect film for a February opening, a time when viewers are less critical and happy to kick back and enjoy an old fashioned mystery/thriller. 
terrible Alan Parker's turgid, bleeding-heart The Life of David Gale may just shame good liberals straight into the Republican Party. 
fair A cult film that deserves its reputation. 
good The Warriors Rule! One of the best action-thrillers of the 70s! 
very_good Yeah, it's really good. 
fair The only trouble is that I half expected them to break out into song and dance any minute a la West Side Story. 
good OK, it's not Greek tragedy, but it is based (loosely) on Xenophon, so there. 
best Visually stunning and emotionally gripping, THE WARRIORS is a classic that, after a quarter-century, has finally recieved the loving finishing touches that it so rightly deserves 
good See it once, and you'll want to see it again. 
very_good Just what is the fanboys' beef with the new DVD "Director's Cut" of The Warriors, anyway? 
bad Once-notorious gang movie, now a delightfully retro experience 
bad A campy treat for anyone who wants to "come out and play-ay!" 
good An action movie of great style and energy 
terrible A bad joke shoddily disguised as a gritty urban thriller. Didn't any of these guys have subway tokens? 
best One of the great cult films of all time. 
fair a shameless, but entertaining, ode to the appeal of criminality and gangland camaraderie 
good A pleasure to watch, even if only to laugh at the memorable costumes and lines. Can you dig it? 
very_good Part of a forger's craft involves not simply duplicating the images but replicating the strokes to be found in the original. Tornatore's film makes deft use of cinematic cliche to lead viewers astray. 
bad In The Best Offer, director/writer Giuseppe Tornatore feasts at the Hitchcock table. 
fair An uneven but weirdly mesmerizing drama/thriller, Giuseppe Tornatore's "The Best Offer" offers an acting showcase to Geoffrey Rush. 
fair Italian writer-director Giuseppe Tornatore... designs beautiful sets around Virgil, who holds the screen in nearly every shot. 
bad The clues and themes laid out early on in The Best Offer, which evolve into heavy handedness in their own right, also lay unencumbered paths for obvious twists to come in this limp arthouse thriller. 
fair A sleek art-world caper. 
fair What a nice way to start 2014, with this intricate, multi-layered tale of mystery, deceit, and delicate anxiety... 
very_bad Isn't there a more interesting way to handle an imprisoned princess than this tired cliche? 
fair An intriguingly Hitchcockian premise gradually takes on a preposterous air in the art-world noir "The Best Offer." 
very_bad None of it comes together in any satisfying way, unfortunately, because Tornatore telegraphs every revelation with head-slapping amateurishness. 
bad A beautiful film marred by a weak script that tries to dive headlong down the Hitchcock rabbit hole without offering any of the tension or suspense that might have made it a worthwhile journey. 
terrible It ascribes to the falsehood that a rarefied milieu inherently infuses a film with intelligence, as if inept execution can be covered up by pretty lensing. 
good Clearly at a phase in his career where he can do no wrong, Geoffrey Rush is the aloof, germaphobic, magnetic core of a beguiling tale about fine art, art auctions, fake paintings, antique automatons and wealthy urban hermits. Great stuff. 
good The very things that make The Best Offer such a sublime delight are also the same things that would cripple its narrative if closely scrutinised. 
good The cinematic equivalent of quicksand. By the time you realise something is awry you'll already be in far too deep 
best THE BEST OFFER is a cinematic palimpsest in the vein of Hitchcock's VERTIGO. Perfectly crafted performances, inescapable choral echoes of Morricone's wondrous score, the perfect forgery awaits, and begs to be revisited again and again. 
very_bad Fine actors as Rush, Sturgess and Hoeks are, almost everything they say remains dead on the page. 
bad ...the film is, in the final analysis, simply unable to live up to the better-than-average standard set by its superior predecessor. 
bad Dark Days is hardly mediocre, but barely interesting; lacking a solid hook like the first film. 
bad A clever vampire concept devolves into another chintzy 'Blade' knock-off. 
very_good The film offers a heartbreaking drama told in reverse chronology and spanning twenty years in both the life of the main character and the political history of Korea. 
best It's a story about the original sin of a nation as well as one character. There has rarely been a better film made, ever 
good A worthy sequel to the original fan favorite. 
terrible ...an interminable piece of fluff that holds absolutely no appeal for viewers outside the film's target demographic of teenaged girls (undiscriminating teenaged girls, at that). 
terrible Even by Disney Channel standards, this sequel is weak and shrill and not at all fun. 
best Needless to say a must-see for Wongcolytes, Days of Being Wild is also an excellent entry point for people who haven't yet caught this most exotic and habit-forming of cinematic bugs. 
best Every shot is perfectly composed and compelling, with light and shadow manipulated to maximum effect. 
fair It now seems like a promising apprentice work, almost a blueprint for the writer-director's most acclaimed and famous film, In the Mood for Love. 
best There are images in Days that can make your heart stop for no other reason than that they're perfect. 
best A triumph of movie pop poetics. 
good A heady mix of sex, obsession, alienation and angst. 
very_bad Wong creates a dream state of shifting, stalling, liquid time, a kind of gauzy unreality that made In the Mood for Love so seductive. 
best A rapturous film about cool men, hot women and the thousand and one nights and cigarettes they share. 
best It's inexplicable that Wong's early masterpiece has been virtually absent from American screens since he completed it in 1991. 
good Raw and jagged, only hinting at the greatness that would come. But even imperfect Wong Kar-Wai is better than the best of most. 
very_bad A plotless gangster story is a nearly impossible paradox to pull off, however intelligent the underpinnings of the film. 
good [A] brilliant examination of one-way love and crashed relationships. 
very_good It goes to show that "average" Wong Kar-Wai is better than just about anyone else on a good day. 
good Wong is a born cinema virtuoso who can elicit genuine emotions while expressing them amid an atmosphere of the most sweeping romanticism. 
good Bouncy MGM college-themed musical sparkles with June Allyson. 
bad Several horror scenes, notably those not involving Dracula himself, are genuinely creepy. 
bad This is sort of a Saturday Night Fever version of the story with a stylish, afro'ed Langella walking around with an open shirt looking for girls to take to his Castle Disco. 
good Granted, it's staged and composed like Masterpiece Theatre. 
very_good The casting is right on target and the atmosphere fittingly eerie in director John Badham's suspenseful, handsomely-mounted 1979 version. 
very_bad Nice production values, but that's about it 
bad Just doesn't fly. 
good ...[writer/director Matt] Kurtz has a keen ear for unforced, natural-sounding dialogue. 
very_bad Stephen King pits kids vs. killer clown from hell. 
bad The first half is terrifying -- or was when I was younger. The second half has a bad special effect spider. 
fair Too vanilla, too banal and too earnest to do the source material any justice. 
good Effective TV adaptation of King's novel 
bad Top-Calibre horror 
bad As made-for-TV horror, it lacks real bite, but still has a fine unsettling atmosphere. And let's face it: clowns are REALLY scary. 
bad It's not as good as the first film, but it's a definite step up from the previous installment. 
very_bad Another slice of American Pie. Older teens only. 
terrible I've been had! People told me this didn't suck! 
very_good From one funny scene to another, Wedding throws so many laughs at the audience you can barely keep up. 
good [T]here's a subversive sweetness that runs just beneath the surface of the American Pie movies that makes them nearly impossible to resist. 
good [Seann William] Scott is more than ready for the spotlight, turning out one of the best comedic performances of recent movies. 
terrible Even fans of the first two films may find the proceedings pretty tiresome, but then they made those movies into hits, so anything's possible. 
good Quem poderia imaginar que Stifler se tornaria o centro da serie American Pie - e que isso seria uma coisa boa? 
bad You'd think if you made a third one, you're gonna at least try to make some progress as a filmmaker, even within this limited scope of American Pie. 
bad Nadia is nowhere to be seen and Stifler never surrenders the spotlight in what is the weakest link of the American Pie series. 
good ... enjoy the cinematic conclusion of what happens when sexually active teens get to grow up instead of being killed off at summer camp by a maniac slasher. 
bad It's not that the movie is bad, it just feels awkward and not quite right. 
good One last helping of good, dirty--and surprisingly sweet--fun. 
terrible A worn-out gross-out. 
bad It's not often sequels are better than the original but after a disappointing second instalment, writer Adam Herz has saved the best until last. 
good One of those very rare weddings where no-one goes home complaining. 
fair A series clearly running out of creative gas. 
fair We may be saying goodbye to these likable dopes, but we also can't help but think that they deserve a better send off. 
bad Scott doesn't undermine his performance by breaking Stifler's own "Stifler" act; he's even oblivious to his very obvious homoerotic conflict. 
very_bad If you're in the right demographic you're going to see it anyway. If you're not, this isn't recommended. 
very_good It's fun, silly, it's a good time. Go, enjoy it for pete's sake; especially after all the crap that's come out this summer. 
bad Welcome to the epitome of taking a fresh idea too far. 
good It takes the characters we have come to know and love and it plugs them into an original situation. 
good Awkward and mythic in its humor, the American Pie movies have accomplished a unique position in Hollywood stature -- that of a successful comedic trilogy. 
fair doesn't always work on its own, but it has a well-worn, comfortable feel that's hard to dismiss 
bad What I really enjoyed was just seeing the characters again, possibly for the last time. 
very_bad Jesse Dylan's direction is slapdash and lackluster; sometimes he can't seem to decide where to point the camera, or who should be in focus. 
fair American Wedding supposedly marks the end of the American Pie series, which is something of a shame, considering each successive film seems to improve upon its predecessor. 
bad For better or worse, the 'American Pie' series has pioneered what might be called the gross-out date movie... 
bad The sequel is so obviously a desperate attempt to revive the burnt out careers of its stars that it's difficult to fully appreciate the hilarity of its fecal matter consumption jokes 
bad Even a comedy that prides itself on the crudity of its sexual pranks can find a kernel honesty among the bathroom humor - and even the most insufferably crass, libidinously inflamed, knuckle-dragging mook has a heart in there somewhere. (Even Stifler.) A 
very_bad Not only is Stifler taking over this [movie], he's also engaging in one ridiculous experience after another, most of them humiliating. 
very_good The scene in which Jim brings Michelle's parents to the house for a serious talk, not realizing Stifler's organized a bachelor party with strippers, hearkens back to the screwball comedies of the 1930s. 
bad A supporting player among an ensemble cast in the first slice of American Pie, Steve Stifler has proven the most popular among Pie eaters, and the filmmakers have listened. 
very_bad While it's hardly the train wreck that is so often the case with third acts, American Wedding clearly suffers from a lack of good gags. 
fair Knowing how to frame a gag effectively is absolutely essential when creating a slapstick sex farce, and American Wedding does just that with alarming accuracy. 
fair In an era where franchises that no one cares to see keep cranking out sequels that no one will ever watch, we're stuck saying goodbye to something that has become somewhat of a welcome institution. 
fair While there are some laughs, they're not as loud as they would have been in the hands of a less clueless filmmaker. 
bad It doesn't take a rocket scientist (or a pie fornicator) to tell that American Wedding is easily the weakest in a once-promising series. 
bad One character continues to provide laughs, scene in and scene out... Stifler! 
good American Wedding, in fact, is so tasteless, so fiendishly puerile that it's hilarious. 
fair Dylan delivers a comedy just on the high side of exactly what's expected. 
bad Frequently gross but often very funny. 
very_bad At this wedding, you can have your cake and barf it, too. 
bad Some of it is funny, and a fair amount of it isn't. 
good What makes American Wedding click is that it doesn't pretend to be something it's not. 
terrible The strain and desperation are apparent from the first scene. 
very_bad The thing is harmless. 
bad It won't disappoint the many fans, but it won't win converts either. 
bad Short on belly laughs. 
bad Has some gut-busting moments, but for the most part the thrill is gone from what the ads describe as the 'thrilling climax' of this gross-out franchise. 
bad An aimless charade of doggy poo, latex breasts and really, really bad language. 
bad With apologies to Don McLean: it's time to say bye bye to this bland American pie. 
bad [An] uneven but undeniably sweet movie. 
fair Demonstrates the same disregard for good taste as its predecessors had. 
fair Will make you laugh out loud more than a few times with its often juvenile and scatological humour. 
fair Calling American Wedding unabashedly and unashamedly crude, lewd and rude is to concede it achieves exactly what it set out to do. 
good A better film than anyone should normally expect in this genre. 
good American Wedding" is the epitome of embarrassment humor. 
bad American Wedding has the decided taste of day-old bakery -- although, of course, that could just be some errant body fluid. 
fair In some ways this one is the sweetest, most appealing of the three films. And not too surprisingly, it may be the raunchiest. 
bad American Wedding celebrates limited comic imagination with the predictable outcomes of most dead-on-arrival WB sitcoms. 
bad Like someone smacking the bottom of an empty ketchup bottle, desperately hoping to force out a dollop or two... 
good As politically incorrect, rude and disgusting as it is, I just couldn't help but laugh. 
good Pure check-your- brains-and- pants-at- the-door rowdiness! 
bad The first piece of Pie is so good, you have to have another. The second piece is okay, but by the time you get around to the third piece, it usually starts to make you a little sick. 
very_bad [Turning] Stifler likeable ... is not quite as heinous as, say, giving Hannibal Lecter a puppy, but it does rather emasculate a character fans love to hate. 
good American Wedding is dumb and vulgar and - don't tell my mother I said this - awfully funny. 
good Although the movie cheerfully offends all civilized notions of taste, decorum, manners and hygiene, it has a sweetness that is impossible to discount, and it is often very funny. 
good Jim and Michelle may be the ones getting married, but American Wedding belongs to Stifler. 
good If you like the formula -- Hallmark card sentiments contracted out to hardcore youth offenders -- American Wedding may be the best of the trio. 
good While not quite as fresh as the original 1999 effort that resuscitated the raunchy teen comedy trend, American Wedding is significantly better than its predecessor American Pie 2 
good The only thing really disappointing is that Alyson Hannigan's band geek character is underused in what is a really good comedy. 
terrible The third -- and, dear God, hopefully final -- American Pie film wastes talented actors on slapstick, sentimentality and smut. 
good Thankfully, in a summer full of theatrical gimmicks the American Wedding audience is not asked to participate in Taste-O-Vision. 
bad A gagfest that makes viewers gag at least twice as often as they giggle. 
terrible The makers of Wedding have so effectively managed to make offensiveness seem tame that this could be subversion financed by the religious right. 
bad The humor is extreme and desperate. 
very_bad The grossest, least funny installment in the American Pie series. 
good If you liked the first two, you won't be disappointed. 
terrible Whatever novelty this series ever possessed has gone down the proverbial tube. 
bad An energetic, raunchy comedy that's funnier and more creative than the last film. 
good This third piece of the eternally coming-of-age group of youngsters delivers all the snorts and belly laughs you'd hope for from a good, old-fashioned gross-out comedy. 
fair The howl-worthy gross-outs, the series' raison d'etre, more than carry the day. 
fair [Dylan's] bare-bones approach may trip up along the way, but it keeps the funny stuff in the foreground. 
good The fastest, funniest, wildest entry in the series. 
very_bad The whole thing is one big fat geek wedding fiasco. 
fair If you think you're going to like American Wedding, you probably will. If you don't, you probably won't. 
very_bad Joins the Porky's triptych as teensploitation smut franchises that have made it to three installments. 
fair Fans of the first two "American Pie" movies should definitely come back for a third slice. Everyone else might want to cautiously poke at it with a fork first. 
very_bad As with the first two American Pie flicks, this is the kind of movie you see again 10 years later and wonder why you liked it back when you were young and dumb. 
bad Nothing more than an attempt to squeeze a few more dollars out of the success of the freakishly popular 1999 original. 
bad If all you're looking for is a good laugh, you won't be disappointed. This is easily the funniest film of the season. 
bad There's plenty of penis-related disasters going on in director Jesse Dylan's ode to friendship, fidelity and clandestine fellatio. 
bad An old-fashioned round of Spot the Plot Device 
fair In a way, "American Wedding" becomes a Stiffler of a film. INTERVIEW with Sean William Scott. 
fair 0.6 
very_good ...as buoyant as you'd expect from a movie largely set amidst the clouds. 
very_good One of Japanese writer-director Hayao Miyazaki's best films. 
bad A Star Wars-like animated feature about a legendary city behind the clouds and the many secrets it holds about nature, robots, light, and magic. 
fair Castle in the Sky is an...uplifting experience. It's the perfect place to view where Miyazaki has been and where he intends to go. 
good Exciting, all-ages anime airborne fantasy epic. 
very_good Unusually detailed animation glides hand in hand with the film's aura of wonderment. 
good It shows the master still learning, still discovering his pacing. 
bad Some of the action verges on the cartoonish, but Miyazaki's extraordinary realism in dealing with his characters is already evident in this fun adventure story. 
very_good My favorite Miyazaki film 
good Interesting for the Miyazaki scholar for sure but still feeling its way in terms of the connectivity and brilliance of Miyazaki's later plots. 
fair Try to picture Terry Gilliam doing an animated Star Wars by way of Jules Verne. 
good That rare small story set in a big time (not unlike Malick's Days of Heaven), poetic both in Khasanbek Kydyraliev's cinematography and in Pavel Finn's script. 
fair Charming story of finding love and humanity emerges among a motley crew not frequently seen in films about the Soviet Union under Stalin in Kazakhstan. 
good Immersed in the alien beauty of the Kazakh steppe, "The Gift to Stalin" moves slowly but engages thoroughly. 
bad It's worth seeing if only as an antidote to the simplistic vision of Kazakhstan presented by Sasha Baron Cohen's Borat. 
bad The movie is gorgeously animated and has many powerful images and ideas. 
good The incomprehensible back story didn't dim my enjoyment much. The movie is a crackerjack audio-visual thrill ride. 
very_good Exhilarating, intelligent and compelling with plenty of surprises and dazzling animation. 
bad Fans, go be with your people. Others, approach cautiously. 
bad The widescreen canvas is an improvement over television's limited expanse. But if you're not among the indoctrinated, don't bother. 
good This is a very intelligent, well-plotted story - and my hunch is that we have not seen the last of our heroes. 
fair At some point you have to ask: When are fantasy fans going to tire of heroes and villains throwing bolts of energy at each other? Give it a rest already! 
bad Soporific exposition culminates in a visually chaotic final act that makes "Tintin'' look downright restrained. 
fair Like a lot of anime, the movie remains entertaining even when you have no idea what's going on. 
fair The Sacred Star of Milos manages to be an entertaining and faithful expansion on the original material while being inconsequential to it. 
fair This is a gripping mystery in its own right, and even retains the original Japanese voice actors (with subtitles). 
bad Gentle princess tale focuses on being true to yourself. 
fair Chilling, depressing, yet guardedly optimistic. 
fair Girlhood thoughtfully questions not just the system itself, but our unfair assumptions about the young people caught within it. 
good To the film's great credit, [director] Garbus evens out her often heavy-hand and we're given the emotional core of two young female criminals in ways often eluded in the movies. 
good The trajectories of Shanae's and Megan's lives speak volumes for themselves. 
very_good Fascinating and, at times, surprisingly moving. 
very_good Girlhood begins as a document of criminal justice, and ends as a testament to the power of motherhood. 
bad It isn't just difficult to do justice to Shanae and Megan in an average of 44 minutes apiece; as it turns out, it's impossible. 
best It may be the least expected happy ending in years. 
bad Seems like a summer camp, with inmates enjoying soda and snacks in virtually every scene. 
fair As grim as its subject may at first seem, Girlhood is at heart an emotionally rich look at mothers and their daughters, and provides a refreshing look at how 'the system,' flawed as it may be, can work. 
good Detailed, compassionate, humane. 
fair It's one thing to watch the stylized Hollywood versions of troubled teens in films like Bully and Thirteen; it's another to witness the gritty reality. 
very_good Filmed with levelheaded tenderness and often startling intimacy. 
bad Hard-headed documentary. 
good Gripping. 
best Garbus spent three years patiently mining for beauty in the ugliest of environments. The remarkable result stands as a challenge to anyone who would have seen only the worst and walked right by. 
fair a credit to Garbus' ability to pick a touching subject that will have you pondering for some time 
best A compelling and ultimately positive portrait of teenagers. 
best One of the finer documentaries I've seen in my lifetime. 
bad Uplifting (for some) fantasy-comedy-drama. Stick with original version from 1950s. 
terrible A sugary and sickening Disney remake... 
bad Serviceable, but why does Tony Danza have to die? 
terrible Terrible fantasy. Full of depressing things like orphans and death. No amount of angels can uplift that. 
terrible On behalf of Angels fans everywhere, I demand an apology from the makers of this film. 
good First-time filmmaker Jeffrey M. Togman's documentary examines a complex issue -- the apparent intractability of poverty -- through the revealingly narrow perspective of one woman's efforts to improve her family's lot through homeownership. 
best Jeffrey Togman earns high marks here for his directorial debut, a socially-significant documentary which discusses an array of taboos concerning color, class and the ever-elusive American Dream. 
good Far from being stereotypes, these are real, complicated people. 
good Two women reach out to each other from opposite sides of the socioeconomic divide in Jeffrey M. Togman's marvelously revealing documentary about the psychology of poverty. 
fair With minimal hysteria, the film illuminates both the emotional deprivation ghetto life can perpetuate and the legit forces of good out to ease that pain. 
good The layers unravel to reveal deeper, genuine, and believable heart--which for all the violence, anger, and darkness depicted is Hodges' boldest, bravest accomplishment of all. 
bad If not for the warmth and likability of its characters and those playing them, The Lucky Ones would be a tiresome formula picture. 
very_bad It feels like the writers were trying for dialogue that sounded natural and improvisational. Instead, it feels scripted and rehearsed. It's all phony balony! 
fair Ultimately I was left without any clear notion as to what was being said through the film and why. 
bad In this interview, The Lucky Ones director Neil Burger speaks about understanding the modern soldier, his surprising casting choice of anti-war activist Tim Robbins as a veteran and why he relates the story while the Iraq conflict continues. 
bad War/road trip dramedy is cliched but affecting. 
good The direction is functional, workmanlike; Burger never steals the spotlight from his characters. 
very_bad The biggest disappointment is in this script, written by Dirk Wittenborn and Neil Burger who gave us the delightful Illusionistin 2006. 
good ... reductive and unfunny ... think Coming Home crossed with Vegas Vacation minus Cousin Eddie ... 
fair ...benefits substantially from the strength and charisma of its three leads... 
bad Based on the evidence here, director/co-writer Neil Burger may be the last American who's ambivalent about the Iraq War, and his movie suffers for it. 
good While their circumstances may be forced, the three characters feel like real, complex, likable people. That's a real rarity in a film about veterans, no matter what the ideology is. 
fair This is not the worst of the Iraq-themed movies of the past few years, and it's possibly the best acted of any of them. But you wish the bonding of these three people wasn't diluted by the trite scenarios and artificial circumstances of their saga. 
fair The dialogue is often sharp and funny and the performances nicely pitched. 
bad As they hit the road, the scenes play out like TV sitcom vignettes with little holding the centre together. We find out details about the characters lives, but never feel we know them. 
terrible Each secret is more implausible than the last. 
fair McAdams and Pena are affectingly vulnerable, while Robbins convinces as a family man with strong paternal instincts. 
bad The Lucky Ones has plenty of heart and courage. If it only had a brain ... 
bad It gets so preoccupied with all the local color and colorful locals, that it forgets about the people on this journey -- or their ultimate destination. 
terrible Cheap, ignorant, tone-deaf and condescending. 
fair Its lack of emotional thrust doesn't inspire the viewer to feel one way or another. 
good Director and co-writer Neil Burger's drama uses the war as a springboard to tell a darkly funny, and sometimes profoundly moving, story of the men and women who are the warriors. 
bad It's all merely unbelievable. 
bad The chemistry between the three soldiers is strong, but their journey rings hollow. 
bad The story (by director Burger and Dirk Wittenborn) contains too many coincidences and convergences to wholly ring true. 
good What gives these episodes cumulative impact is the group portrait that emerges of a well-meaning country in a state of drift. 
bad With a smooth, light touch, The Lucky Ones focuses on the idea that the present and the people who factor into it are all we really have. 
terrible Three Army soldiers on the road in America bond together through a series of preposterous happenings that come across as silly. 
good Of its genre, it's uncommonly good, and it's also the cheeriest movie about Iraq war vets I've yet seen. 
fair After running through some pretty contrived paces for much of its running time, The Lucky Ones has some surprises in the last act that ultimately make it more satisfying than it might have been. 
terrible With one head-gnawing plot contrivance after another, it may think it's the wacky Iraq version of Easy Rider but is more like this year's Around the Bend or Diamonds. 
terrible From start to finish, there is not one single scene on display here that contains even a smidgen of reality. 
bad Moments of real trauma are interrupted with sitcom wackiness, all of it connected by a terribly hokey musical score. 
bad A road movie with no purpose, and a war drama with no bite. 
terrible The actual lucky ones will be sitting in a different movie theater, watching anything but this. 
bad In the same way much conventional wisdom about the war is half-baked, The Lucky Ones is awash in stereotypes and generalities. 
bad Director Neil Burger keeps things light, and the actors are more than engaging. ... But there's something centrally pat and predictable about the coincidence-laden story. 
good If a couple of the plot devices seem contrived, The Lucky Ones makes up for them with sharp, heartfelt performances, and a deceptively easygoing narrative style. 
fair A thoughtful study on the way foreign wars can reverberate here at home. 
good This formula is fraught with pitfalls, but the characters and the actors redeem it with a surprising emotional impact. 
bad If The Lucky Ones wants to seem like anything more than war vets thrust into a sitcom, it should try going five minutes without a contrivance. 
bad The Lucky Ones takes a decent premise -- three soldiers returning from Iraq facing domestic challenges upon their arrival home -- and crams so much forced drama into it that the movie devolves into a hack buddy picture. 
very_bad It's something of a well-intentioned mess. 
good A refreshing departure from the normal 'soldier's story' movies we've seen in recent years. 
fair It isn't unpleasant to spend two hours with these three soldiers, although it might have been more enjoyable to spend the time getting to know them rather than force-feeding them artificial road bumps. 
terrible Sometimes, however, empty, contrived fantasies are just empty, contrived fantasies, as is certainly the case with this embarrassingly phony cross between Grace Is Gone, Home of the Brave and, believe it or not, Twister. 
bad The drama's one glaring weakness is that its contrivances are far too obvious...Despite that, the unexpectedly light, sometimes humorous story is still enormously affecting. 
good Endowed with remarkable performances, superb photography, and a clear vision of what matters to its characters, Personal Best is an underappreciated gem in a genre full of filler. 
bad There's no questioning its authenticity.... However, the movie tends to make its points early and then repeat itself unnecessarily. 
best This is a very physical movie, one of the healthiest and sweatiest celebrations of physical exertion I can remember. 
bad Unless you're fascinated by all of the prettified slow-motion footage of Chris, Tory and the other women athletes, your eye is likely to wander to your watch long before the end. 
fair Hemingway excels in a difficult and risky role. 
best One of the best movies ever about competition, with wonderfully natural performances. 
bad A frank, honest portrayal of the sacrifices of Olympic-caliber athletes. it is tough and uncompromising. 
very_bad Compelling idea, but slow, boring execution. 
very_bad When people say, "Write what you know," they don't mean, "Write about YOU YOU YOU!" 
bad Typical Adam Sandler -- charm mixed with crude humor. 
bad The heavy-handed sentimentality provokes a most violent gag reflex. 
bad Another genial Sandler opus. 
bad Things roll along quite charmingly, until the action hit the courtroom and gets bogged down in a boorish, maudlin custody case. 
fair Sandler continues to bring a sweetness, irreverence and unpredictability to the screen that make hits out of his films. 
bad Though there are several truly funny moments in Big Daddy, they're all included in the trailer, so if you've seen it, that's all you need. 
fair Not so bad. 
good ...you just might wind up with a new found respect for Sandler. 
good Don't expect La Dolce Vita and you'll love Big Daddy. 
fair I still enjoyed myself at Big Daddy, but I didn't leave the theater marveling at how Sandler is able to make me laugh every time. 
terrible Worst of all is the way Sandler wants to have it both ways: to muck around in gross-out humor one minute and then turn schmaltzy the next minute with some fraudulent business about how much he loves the kid. 
terrible How's this for a novel complaint: Big Daddy just isn't stupid enough. 
bad worth the trip but not the ticket price 
bad A perfect case study in trying to please two entirely different crowds: the beer-guzzling college guys who make up the majority of Adam Sandler's fans and the unlucky dates who get dragged along to the movie. 
very_bad There's no doubt Sandler is talented, but if he persists in believing that, like Elvis, his presence alone covers a multitude of omissions and inconsistencies, he will squander his gift and make a series of forgettable films in the process. 
bad Two disparate films for the price of one. 
bad Adam Sandler has gone soft and it just doesn't work. 
very_bad The movie has a heart, yes, but not a very big one. 
bad Being a jerk par excellence should mean never having to say you're sorry. 
bad I was perplexed by some of the decisions of the filmmakers to try to make this film into a comedy. 
very_bad An amusing premise that fails to live up to its own promise before sliding into a hackneyed courtroom battle and soggy father-son reconciliations. 
bad A kindler, gentler Adam Sandler. 
bad Big Daddy is crude and obvious, sloppy and mawkish, contrived and clumsily manipulative, and yet it still works. 
bad Another dumb movie by Adam Sandler. 
bad Big Daddy is clear evidence that -- for the moment at least -- this pony doesn't need a new trick. 
fair Funny and cute! 
fair Audiences don't go to a Sandler movie expecting realism or tricky plotting, they go for laughs, and there are at least a few. 
fair moderately funny/dramatic overall. 
bad Adam Sandler's latest comedy is sure to be a big, sentimental hit with his extensive fan club but not so prized by more mature film lovers. 
good Although it comes with spit and plenty of urine, Big Daddy also sneaks in a load of charm and a big heart! 
good Adam Sandler's sweetness just busts out all over. It's a wondrous thing to watch. 
fair If anything, the movie is funny, plain and simple, and due to the several noted performances that are far above this slight material, I found I was enjoying Big Daddy quite a lot. 
very_bad From how to ridicule poor, minimum wage clerks to how to cause bodily injury to innocent bystanders, Sandler lays it on thick. 
very_bad The underwritten script fails to develop its premise adequately, shifts gears mechanically and comes too easily to a convenient finale. 
very_bad I mostly looked at my watch and counted down the minutes until the agony of having to watch this idiotic movie was passed. 
terrible It's impossible to produce anything worthwhile from this screenplay, which has ugly, twisted morals. 
terrible After seeing how funny and talented Sandler's fellow SNL alum Mike Myers is, Sandler's one note shtick seems pretty lame. 
fair A sure sign of a pending apocalypse: I enjoyed Adam Sandler's new movie. 
fair Sandler's latest film isn't much of step up from those previous encounters, but it retains all of their good-natured affability. 
terrible A flimsy sentimental comedy with more product plugs and fewer laughs than might have been hoped for. 
very_bad Cheap emotions, sloppy writing. 
fair The film offers its share of big laughs, but the serious side is sunk by mawkishness and sentimentality. 
very_bad Big Daddy should be reported to the child welfare office. 
very_bad For Sandler's core audience of developmentally arrested males, it may all be a little too cute. 
good [Director] Marker may be windy, but he also enjoys the wisdom that comes with age. His masterful command of the camera shows that he can lecture and entertain at the same time. 
very_good The Case of the Grinning Cat is further evidence of Chris Marker's exhilarating wit. His hour-long cinema essay offers a snapshot of France that's been realized in Marker's daydreamy developer fluid. 
bad vive le chat! 
very_good In The Case of the Grinning Cat, the filmmaker Chris Marker fluidly moves over and under Paris, capturing images of fugitive beauty and pathos. 
good Leave it to Chris Marker, the 85-year-old French documentarian and cineaste hero, to take an unexceptional event and turn it into an exceptional film. 
very_good Modestly eschewing declarative organization, Marker's interest in and presentation of information is strictly pointillist. 
good Marker -- something of a cine-sage known for his essay-style documentaries -- playfully decodes this unofficial icon of French street culture. 
bad A bright, intelligent souffle of a film that is both engaged and engaging, and which, like the best French confections, continually rises. 
bad A playful look at romantic dalliances by an inventive Argentinian writer and director. 
very_good The distinctiveness of Matias Pineiro's alluring brand of formalism lies in this deference to chance and alchemy. 
good One of the earliest elegies to the dying of the West. 
very_bad O roteiro (vencedor do Oscar, acredite ou nao) e cheio de cliches; e o final, esquematico. Katy Jurado foi indicada ao premio aparentemente por dizer 'My hOsband' o tempo todo. 
bad Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes. 
bad The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version. It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone. 
bad It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out. 
good Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world. Except me. Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping. 
bad It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures. 
good Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993. 
bad Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never dips below a certain baseline of handsome competence, making a great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a rugged frame for the action. 
bad There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement. 
bad This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism. 
good This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour. Unexpectedly brilliant. 
good The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic. 
bad Not as redundant as it sounds ... 
good This four-hour opus about the fury of love and the love of fury is ritually fascinating, often excessive and, with a caution the film wields like a blade, achingly poignant. 
very_good The more you can let this amazing, unbelievable film overwhelm you, the better. 
good Exhibiting astonishing dexterity, Mr. Sono shapes all this trauma into a narrative that's completely coherent and surprisingly touching, never more so than in Yu's struggle toward sexual maturity. 
best As the old cliche goes, you will not have another moviegoing experience quite like this one all year. 
very_good Love Exposure is, in a sense, Shion Sono's equivalent of the Great Russian novel. 
bad Love Exposure plays like a marathon greatest-hits-and-misses mixtape. If you see only one Sono film, check out this flick; you will have then seen them all. 
good Would the film be easier to take in a more condensed form? Of course it would, but then it wouldn't be the singularly overwhelming oddity that it is. 
very_bad It's different, but it's exhausting. Without ever being funny, it keeps up a strident, cartoonish tone for all of its four hours. 
good A colourful four-hour rom-com that feels both small and intimate. And it's never dull for a second. 
good Complicated and long but deftly handled adventure/caper/satire that ends up being thoroughly entertaining. 
good A swooning, often riotously funny melodrama charged with a refreshingly perverse undertow. 
good Ambitious, inventive and endlessly arresting, Sion Sono's epic romance is a vibrant rite of passage, guiding us through a world of repression, hypocrisy and delusion towards true love. 
bad Curious and tasteless, but never dull. 
bad Deeply strange and politically incorrect, baffling, and often funny. 
good It's as mad as a box of frogs, but a strain of melancholy romance adds emotional backbone to the gags, gore and kung fu. 
good A graphic mixture of violence, heartache, sex and kung fu, Love Exposure is not for all tastes but there are wonderful moments. 
best Audacious, emotionally engaging and laugh-out-loud funny, Love Exposure is one of the best films of the year, thanks to Sono Sion's masterful direction, a superb script and a trio of terrific performances. 
bad This is a slick, fast-paced film that maintains its sometimes unbearable tension until the last roll of the dice. 
bad In what amounts only to an intermittently intriguing movie experience, a tug of war is going on between the compelling and the confounding. 
bad Director Rupert Wyatt pulls no punches in vividly portraying the moral gutter gambling addicts can find themselves in, and Mark Wahlberg's boyish face reflects the desperation that keeps him from wising up. 
good The Gambler is about the lure to triumph over potential disaster and finding a way to "treat those two imposters the same." 
very_bad Despite stylish direction by Rupert Wyatt, who pulls off a few arresting set pieces, The Gambler never manages to make sense of William Monahan's often laughably overripe screenplay. 
bad The Gambler feels academic and slightly out of time. 
very_bad This is a misconceived and strangely cast affair that can't work out its own attitude toward its main character. 
good Mark Wahlberg is always a physically articulate actor; here he wrings despair and disillusionment from every beaten-down gesture, every curt exchange. 
very_bad The Gambler ... has become an advert for gambling. You couldn't make it up. 
bad Swaggering and dialogue-heavy, The Gambler certainly talks the talk, but ultimately it lacks the courage of its convictions. 
very_bad When the randomly appearing lip balm on the main protagonist's lips becomes a source of distraction, you know you're not hooked. 
very_bad Mark Wahlberg's designer-suited performance is shallow and self-admiring ... and William Monahan (who wrote The Departed) devises a new narrative direction which is contrived and preposterous. 
bad With a strangely simplistic screenplay by William Monahan (The Departed), director Rupert Wyatt and his cast struggle to dig beneath the surface in a meaningful way. 
bad A rare grown up thriller, full of interesting bits and a strong turn from Wahlberg. But as a whole Wyatt's film doesn't grip as it might. 
very_bad Hate the players, not the game. 
fair Chockablock with interesting performances (Jessica Lange is the professor's wealthy mother, John Goodman is a Jabba-like loan shark) and silly self-indulgences (slow-motion pole-dancers gyrate to Dinah Washington's recording of 'This Bitter Earth'). 
bad With dialogue as acidic as this delivered by actors like these, The Gambler somehow transcends its pomposity to be really quite fun. 
very_bad It's hard to know what to make of Mark Wahlberg's character in The Gambler - but at least that puts you on an equal footing with Wahlberg himself. 
very_bad Wahlberg can deliver a soliloquy on life as a game of chance with rat-a-tat rhythm, but he walks and talks like he's too cool for school, never properly conveying the deep well of angst that he keeps banging on about. 
bad Monahan's script is far too wordy for its own good and the uneven score (by two composers) seems to be taken over by a Michael Nyman fan at all of the wrong moments. 
bad Wahlberg finds his most interesting role since The Departed in a film that's heavy on atmosphere and suspense but shy of a full deck when it comes to characterisation. 
bad The movie has the sheen but lacks the sweat of James Toback's original riff on Dostoevsky's autobiographical story. 
good The Gambler is a remake that effectively updates a subtle yet nihilistic story; Wyatt and Monahan stick to their mean-spirited guns and offer up a sour view of addiction and the havoc it wreaks. 
very_bad The script is painfully overwritten whenever we want action and woefully underwritten when we need explanation. 
bad An impeccably constructed genre picture. It doesn't have a whole lot to say, but it's entertaining 
good Mark Wahlberg is a sure bet in "The Gambler," an update of a James Caan movie. 
very_good It's better than it has to be, and director Rupert Wyatt ...handles the story with economy and intelligence. 
bad While [Wahlberg is] no James Caan, he's certainly able to infuse this mesmerizing character study with enough rancid brio to make this self-flagellating hustler believably doomstruck. 
fair 2014's slickest bender, The Gambler provides enough pleasure in its visceral storytelling. 
bad The hopeful ending comes off as too little, too late. Wahlberg gives the role his all, but sticking with him is a futile gesture. The Gambler never pays off. It's a sucker's bet. 
very_bad You can't win with a weak hand. 
good A richly realized exercise in style, in which an action director ("Rise of the Planet of the Apes'&#8201;" Rupert Wyatt) and an action star (Mark "I think we got a Trans-foamah" Wahlberg) dive deep into a '70s noir classic and come up aces. 
best Original and atypical "The Gambler," though intriguing, is ultimately less than satisfying. 
very_bad A bad remake of a bad 1974 movie. 
bad In a way, it's more alluring and less profound than the original, but enough of a cautionary tale that it's still worth a look. 
fair It's not quite a holiday movie, but a powerful performance by Wahlberg makes it worth seeing. 
fair A movie that displays a winning hand for much of its length should never turn up snake eyes at the end. 
very_bad It's just like the Kenny Rogers song says: "You've got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em." It's time for this "Gambler" to walk away. 
very_bad The return is as miniscule as the stakes. 
fair If someone is really that intent on self-destruction, why should we be his audience? 
very_bad The Gambler is pretty much a misfire of concept - even if it makes the admirable move of going for a different thematic angle on the original material. 
bad "The Gambler" should have been called "Three Supporting Characters in Search of a Lead." 
bad A dull, self-consciously arty wallow in the messed-up life of a character we don't care about. 
fair A remake of the 1974 film that starred James Caan, Rupert Wyatt's new movie is never short on style, but it lacks some of the grit of the original. 
fair This certainly is one driven narrative. Wahlberg reportedly lost 60 lbs. for the role, and his gaunt look makes Jim seem all the more haunted as he repeatedly throws away vast sums on games of chance. 
fair In a role that would have been ideal for Tom Cruise in psycho mode, Wahlberg is merely OK. Unfortunately, the film's effectiveness turns on whether we buy into his angst. 
bad The character as written is so pretentious and self-destructive that it's difficult for the audience to connect with his story. 
good The Gambler is a solid remake - a film that retraces the path of the original while carving out its own identity. 
good It is easy ... to observe this character with a certain degree of fascination. It's enough. 
fair A string of powerful performances, particularly Wahlberg's, and a killer soundtrack - including M83, Dinah Washington and St. Paul & the Broken Bones - redeem a middling entertainment gambit. 
good The extent to which The Gambler may intentionally or unintentionally glamorize or romanticize gambling does raise concerns, but...[the film] remains a study in the self-destructive personality. 
bad The Gambler doesn't dig far below the surface of Jim's addiction, but there's still entertainment value in watching a man go down in flames. 
very_good A remarkably entertaining drama that's also, at times, a deep pit of sadness. 
bad Like Jim, the movie is all swagger and no follow-through. 
good The Gambler is about the torturous dissatisfaction some people feel when they've managed to do everything right but still don't feel fulfilled 
good This remake of the 1974 James Caan film written by James Toback ... crackles with mordant cynicism. 
very_bad The Gambler is a hollow, overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a '70s drama about a self-destructive academic. 
bad Low on action and tension, long on grand speeches. Wahlberg gets an A for effort in an unlikely role. 
bad Slick but slight, The Gambler is an unnecessary remake of a well-regarded 1974 film. 
very_bad Watching a hostile pessimist purposefully sabotaging his own good fortune just isn't as fun as it sounds. 
bad The bulk of the movie simply doesn't live up to the promise of its great opening sequence. 
very_bad Its central flaw of having an unwatchable protagonist is simply too massive to ignore, and sours everything that comes as an extension of it. 
fair At the risk of overselling what is a good but not great movie, The Gambler is a slick, stylish thriller about gambling, self-destruction and personal redemption. 
bad Mark Wahlberg, William Monahan and Rupert Wyatt are all working at the same level of comic intensity, and the thrill of the ride with them is enough to distract from some conceptual sloppiness. 
bad This remake is just a watered-down version that hits all of the same beats as the original, only judges its nominal hero far less harshly, and emerges an oddly amoral film with an ending that borders on being ludicrous 
very_good Avoids the typical bombast of the normal crime thriller, instead focusing its efforts at being a densely-scripted character study. 
bad Wyatt's showy direction gets in the way of the story more often than it should, but Wahlberg and a solid supporting cast will keep you invested in the outcome. 
bad Whether Wahlberg's been miscast or misdirected, we never buy him as a desperate addict. Still, the movie is so quick and cool that for much of the time, we barely notice how little is actually at stake. 
fair The ending may be a total cop-out, but Wahlberg never embarrasses himself. 
bad It suffers from a bloodless unwillingness to put too much on the line, made corporeal in the editing, with music-slathered time lapse standing in for Bennett's adrenaline-fueled epiphany during a roulette binge in Reno. 
fair The Gambler is a consistently entertaining game of chicken Jim plays with his life. 
fair Too bad the main storyline of The Gambler is so obvious. With a little more finesse we'd have a great film instead of a very good one. 
bad The Gambler had all the right ingredients... but it's a disappointing misfire that fails to capitalize on its intriguing premise. 
bad Mark Wahlberg puts forth one of his better efforts in The Gambler, a character study that's more "Hollywood" than "deeply reflective." 
good The Gambler asks us why we root for a hero, just because he's the protagonist. I'm not talking about an unlikeable hero or an antihero, but one with whom it is actually foolish for us to identify at all. 
terrible Our anti-hero has a gambling addiction. He is depressed. He is trapped. And the arc of the movie is about him trying to ditch his unhappy life and pull it out. Snore. 
bad Certainly Julia Roberts' strangest role, and she does an OK job. 
very_bad [Roberts's] acting is of the Melrose Place/Andrew Shue variety, her eyes blank and mouth often agape (not unlike the photo of her used in the print ads). 
terrible If nothing else, proves that when you take Julia's lipstick away, much of her appeal goes, too. 
good Julia Roberts' performance was justly mocked, but the remainder of the film may be the most faithful version of Jekyll and Hyde ever made. 
bad Dreary, stagy and dull. 
bad The film is too mannered, too stuffy. 
very_bad Is it a gothic horror? Is it a psychological thriller? Is it a love story? Ultimately, it seems the filmmakers don't even know the answer, and as a result Mary Reilly doesn't succeed in any genre. 
good Um filme intrigante. 
fair Who would have thought that a movie directed by the talented Stephen Frears and featuring capable acting by John Malkovich and a decidedly un-perky and un-made-up Julia Roberts would fall off the tracks and fail? 
terrible Sluggish and interminable, Mary Reilly makes good on little of its potential to be disturbing and none of its chance to be emotionally involving. 
terrible With the exception of a couple of inspired moments, Mary Reilly is merely a curious variation of an often-told story. 
bad A perversely courageous disaster that audiences will simply hate. 
good Mary Reilly works as Gothic melodrama because it understands the genre so well. 
fair Those expecting a traditional horror film may be disappointed. However, for those with an open mind, and a taste for the eerie, Mary Reilly may well be one to watch. 
good Mary Reilly will undoubtedly leave many people cold, but I snuggled into its bleakness. 
very_bad As a study of repression, Mary Reilly has some great moments, but it seems director Stephen Frears was aiming for intense and brooding, and boring is what he got. 
terrible My distaste for the movie comes not from disliking these scenes, but from being put to sleep by the boredom of the show. 
bad Unfortunately, your response to the bizarre story of terror and lust that dare not speak their name is pretty well limited to Roberts' response -- which is, in turn, limited by her technique. 
very_bad It's a slight, moribund bugaboo, a bump in the night, and then nothing. 
terrible Mary Reilly is Roberts' worst misfire to date, despite the fact that on paper it must have looked awfully good. 
very_good Mary Reilly is haunting, not only because of its foggy, shadowy settings, but because of the questions it encourages us to ask about ourselves and others. 
good Carr has a terrific knack for knowing when to cut, just when your sympathies are veering too far in one direction. 
best Endlessly imitated but never rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters. 
very_good What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001. 
good Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids. 
good First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series. 
good Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia. 
best It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters. 
best So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced. 
best Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame. 
best One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection. 
best Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder. 
very_good ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in. 
best The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence. 
best classic 
very_good Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen. 
very_good What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film. It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history. 
good Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not just a favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood. 
best I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most. 
best Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always. 
best Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made. 
best a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people 
good It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels. 
very_good Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning. 
very_good [An] essential part of contemporary culture. 
best George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture. 
best A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart. 
very_good A classic American tale! 
best Lucas fills his screen with loving touches. 
best Like some indefatigable King of the Hill, it stands alone and triumphant, regardless of the many imitators that assail its position. 
best I was and still am fascinated by the hinted at but never fully developed chemistry between Luke and Princess Leia. 
very_good As much as it changed the people who watched movies, however, it changed the people who made movies even more. 
very_good This special edition re-release really drives home the differences between seeing a movie in the theater and seeing it on video. 
very_good It's easy to see why Star Wars held such an appeal to the kids and adults of the late 1970s. 
good A pop-culture landmark! 
best All in all, this movie is a classic. 
best Twenty years later, George Lucas' loved saga of the war between good and evil in a distant galaxy returns in digitally enhanced and augmented form. 
good It's fun and funny. 
fair Taylor's palpably meandering sensibilities are exacerbated by an almost comically overlong running time... 
good A great story and a wonderful cast combine to make this drama a must-see. 
very_good Outstanding performances and a delicate approach to racial tensions make this film a cut above other inspirational period dramas. 
bad La pelicula realmente triunfa en la exploracion de la complicidad y solidaridad que se establece entre mujeres solas, quebradas, necesitadas de oportunidades e inconformes con los moldes sociales preestablecidos. 
fair I found it surprisingly enjoyable. And I suppose that's the greatest compliment I could give the film: I didn't hate it, even if I was dreading it going in. 
very_good A quiet but powerful film that really does have Oscar written all over it. 
very_good Brimming with believable, likeable women characters and set against the turbulence of Mississippi in the 1960s, 'The Help' is almost as good as Kathryn Stockett's novel. 
good "The Help" is refreshing and possibly the best film of the year. 
bad To "the help," the possibility of the children growing up as clones of their parents isn't a consideration. It's all about loving the innocent. But, it's a dilemma. 
bad This is a generally family-friendly affair which isn't interested in getting its hands too dirty. 
bad As hard to dislike as it is to truly admire, this artfully manipulative issue movie knows where its strengths lie... and most of them lie in Viola Davis. 
best This coming of age tale is deeply affecting, magnificently acted and truly enlightening ... are truly inspirational women who are an absolute joy to spend time with. 
good I was disappointed at the end to realize the picture was fiction not fact but perhaps that's a tribute to the authenticity writer-director Tate Taylor achieves in this beautifully realized picture. 
bad The running time of 146 minutes takes too much wind out of Aibileen's sails, but her tear-jerking dignity in the denouement is marvellous to behold. 
bad There are some magnificent elements here... The downside is the mawkishness and the rambling narrative structure. 
bad It tackles a challenging, inflammatory subject in the corniest, safest way possible. 
bad In dramatic terms it works a treat. 
terrible Suffers from an obsequious lust for stereotypes. 
bad Terrifically performed, with enough humour and heart that you'll ignore its flaws. 
good The Help not only has its cake and eats it, it makes short work of the fried chicken, grits and sweet potato pie, too. 
bad It manages to be poignant at times, though it's not as emotionally connecting as it could be. 
good Well made, superbly written and emotionally engaging feel-good drama that's destined for Oscar glory in some form or another thanks to across-the-board terrific performances from a wonderful ensemble cast. 
very_bad A guaranteed tear-jerker that serves as a decent reminder of America's very own Apartheid, it's fine as a slice of history. As a story though, it's sadly underwhelming. 
fair If you are willing to accept that this is an exploratory snapshot that seeks to confine itself to the times it is portraying and leave any consideration of modern-day echoes to the conscience of the viewer, this is a good story, well told. 
good Yes, it gets a bit sentimental. Yes, some 'Ya-Ya Sisterhood' friendship cliches creep in. Yes, it glosses history. But it's also heartfelt, hilarious and the cast is a dream-team topped by Viola Davis. 
bad Sure, it's corny, but it mostly works. 
very_bad The whole thing's about as subtle as a size 11 in the ear and leaves you with no real idea about who these characters really are. 
best Part conscience-searing history lesson, part shamelessly manipulative melodrama, Tate Taylor's adaptation sinks its teeth in early and never lets go ... Do I hear Oscar calling? 
good It's a feel-good, revenge-seeking satire, the kind that makes you want to shout 'go girl!' from the cinema aisle. 
good A robust piece of storytelling, a fountain of fiercely good, fem-centric ensemble acting, and a refreshing change of pace from raunchy romantic comedies and bulked-up superheroes. 
good A Civil Rights drama that artfully dramatizes the love for one's enemy espoused by Martin Luther King. 
bad A chore to sit through. At 146 minutes long, there is absolutely no excusing the running time... a panoply of lazy bromides. 
good if you get to the end of this movie without tearing up at least once, please check for a pulse; you might already be dead. 
fair The acting, period detail and luminous cinematography make up for some of the over-sentimentalised moments. 
fair Superbly cast and effectively scripted, The Help has been designed to forge a direct connection with the viewer on an emotional level. 
good The Help's greatest strength lies in showing how the truth-no matter how difficult it is to tell at times-has the power to unite, to heal, and sometimes even to set us free. 
good One of the best films of the year. 
bad The interesting setting and solid themes, all brought to life with warm visuals and top-notch cast, elevate this above its flat parts and the occasional feeling you're watching a sub-par TV series. 
bad It irks me when a film deals with issues that are actually important in an unsubtle and sentimenalised way. 
fair We shake our heads, tut, and sympathise with the diversity-loving Skeeter. How much better a film would this have been if we were forced - yes, even unwillingly - to see a bit of ourselves in Hilly? 
bad A cloying racial melodrama that pulls its punches. 
very_good Tate Taylor's film isn't heavy on preaching, nor is it overloaded with saccharine sentiment. Rather, it has a real bite to it. 
good largely succeeds in finding good ol' fashioned entertainment value heavily laced with social uplift 
good After a very ordinary start, 'The Help' genuinely surprises with amazing performances from Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain. 
bad It's camp for people who want to feel like they're seeing something educational and uplifting between the guffaws. 
fair Wonderful performances by all, but especially Emma Stone and Bryce Dallas Howard, overcome a clumsy, heavy handed script that lacks ingenuity. 
good There are moments when the film leans on traditional stereotypes, but what redeems it is the ability to expand those stereotypes into more complicated and layered portrayals. 
good A strongly issue-based story gives a terrific cast plenty to play with in this hugely engaging drama about the American South in the 1960s. And while the film kind of skims the surface, it's a story that still needs to be told. 
good Tries to stuff too much into a single movie, but it's good, solid mainstream moviemaking -- and that's not such a bad thing. 
good Viola Davis is truly the beating heart and bleeding soul of the film, and without her Tate Taylor's film would hardly leave the audience with the rather startling and haunting impact it does at its conclusion. 
best A Southern gothic comedy-drama with wickedly observed performances and a story arc that feels absolutely epic, despite the modest, domestic setting. 
fair A well acted but soft pedaled view of the South in the 60's. 
best has its own revolutionary atmosphere, refusing to divide the world into, pardon the expression, black and white. Without intricacies of the relationships, without the emotional stakes that those intricacies represent, the film would fail monumentally 
good Simplistic at times, and flirts with manipulation, but it's also a deeply touching and well-acted film. 
bad Too many good intentions, too many sub-plots, too many histrionics. 
very_good Despite a few stray moments that ring false, this is an intellectually engaging, emotionally satisfying drama. 
good Many of the conflicts play out as expected, and Bryce Dallas Howard's racist housewife proves to be about as subtle as Cruella De Vil. But interesting subplots abound -- I particularly liked the relationship between Minny and her insecure employer Celia. 
best There are not enough superlatives to describe the best ensemble acting of the year. The cinematography, costumes, interior designs & musical score are top drawer. You need to have a supply of tissues handy, because tears will readily flow and... 
very_good Not only superior to the novel that was its inspiration, it also may be the most surprising movie of the year, with more than a dozen indelible, distinctive characters... 
good A well-acted, well-written, and quite excellent reminder of where we've been. 
bad While it's a little too Disney-fied for my tastes, Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer make it worth seeing. Both should be remembered during Oscar season. 
bad There's not a human response that isn't framed as either an "awwww" moment of lady-bonding, a you-go-girl punchline or a begin-weeping-right-NOW command. So that's pretty exhausting. 
fair Part moving drama, part sappy tale of female camaraderie, The Help is an overall entertaining morality play buoyed by a well acted ensemble cast featuring a ferocious Bryce Dallas Howard. 
bad Tate Taylor has taken a book of real depth and turned it into something crude and shallow ... 
very_good a masterful emotional epic with equal parts crowd-pleasing joy and shattering, complex pain 
good Poignant, thought-provoking Civil Rights tale. 
bad Above all, though, it's an actors' movie. Perhaps the highest compliment one can pay them is that even the caricatures seem rich. 
fair Thanks to a talented cast -- starting with leads Emma Stone, Viola Davis&#8203; and Octavia Spencer&#8203; -- the movie is often entertaining. But The Help should have been challenging too. 
bad It has an overmodest debutante's aversion to any ugliness. 
good The film manages to retain a tension that's often rewarded with a humorous release. It may sometimes be a little too clean around the edges, but don't be fooled by the light. 
fair While it's too long and too timid, The Help is still a wonderful, evocative indictment 
good The performances in this movie are so spectacular that it made my analytical eye fill with tears for the triumphs and sorrows of the people on the screen. 
very_good Even if you wanted to complain about the film being too melodramatic or cute those complaints are washed away by powerful and compelling performances. 
fair Has all the subtlety of a baseball bat to the head with the phrase, "Racism is wrong" written on it. 
bad The Help is Mississippi-lite. This doesn't mean it's not an entertaining movie: it is quite enjoyable. It just means it avoids authenticity. 
good The Help has so much heart it's easy to feel both sorrow and enjoyment while watching such an emotional film. 
bad Whatever The Help loses in complexity, it often makes up for in empathy. 
very_good Provocative and powerful, it's a multi-racial, multi-generational 'must see.' 
terrible With its focus group-tested quotient of laughs and tears targeted to lowest-common-denominator audiences, writer-director Tate Taylor's vulgar The Help is as much a piece of assembly-line hackwork as any Transformers sequel. 
bad If only The Help accepted more of Davis&rsquo; help, we might have a work of art on our hands instead of another condescending, half-baked history lesson. 
good With powerful performances given by Viola Davis and scene stealer Octavia Spencer, the film is an emotionally, moving drama that remains highly entertaining. 
good Writer/director Tate Taylor takes care to balance the at-odds themes of shameful social injustice, female bonding and outright comedy in this tale about African-American maids in 1960s Jackson, Miss. 
best A tribute to African-American maids in the South during 1963 and their courage in telling their stories as a form of grace under pressure. 
fair A splendid entertainment -- a film that makes us for root for the good guys, hiss at the bad and convulse in laughter when good wreaks vengeance with a smile. 
very_good The Help brings a chick-flick sensibility to a serious subject, which is more daring than it might sound. It's also incredibly refreshing. 
bad The Help pulls its punches just when it has the audience on the ropes and makes you wish the filmmakers had been as brave as Aibileen and Minny. 
very_bad While the book's minor -- but crucial -- details are often overlooked, the major themes are thrust on screen with forceful simplicity, as if Taylor doesn't trust us to understand the stakes. 
good The Help will make you laugh, yes, but it can also break your heart. In the dog days of August moviegoing, that's a powerful recommendation. 
bad Now comes the inevitable movie, which, in the hands of writer/director Tate Taylor, does a novel about injustice an injustice itself: It turns lite into featherweight. 
good Any number of these performances may be remembered come awards season. 
bad Some adaptations find a fresh, cinematic way to convey a book's spirit but "The Help" doesn't. 
very_good The Help is Davis's movie, and it's about time. 
very_good Satisfying entertainment that's going to seem like heaven to those who have had their fill of cowboys, aliens and superheroes. 
very_good "The Help" is an unforgettable feature about a past that should rightly be remembered as a blight on this nation. It is a film that at times will make you flinch and squirm, but ultimately, make you applaud the courage of these remarkable women. 
bad Almost succeeds solely on the strength of its acting, but The Help cannot escape the central hypocrisy that should have been easy-as-pie to fix. 
very_good A rare and important film where every single performance stands out. The film finds a perfect balance between telling a tough story and keeping it very entertaining! 
very_good Written and directed smartly by Tate Taylor, it's a movie in the mold of weepy chick flicks, but with more brains and gumptions than we're used to. 
very_good Well-told and touching, with Oscar-worthy performances by Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer. 
very_bad Mississippi's burning, but it's nothing a little race-transcending grrrl power won't cure. 
best A warm and sweet song of hope -- and chocolate pie -- that pushes all the right buttons. 
fair Aims for "To Kill a Mockingbird" significance, but lands in "Steel Magnolias" territory. 
good A better movie than you might think it is. 
fair Taylor gives Skeeter and Celia's problems ... more significance through the use of visual storytelling, while the titular caste is left simply to orate their own. 
very_good A beautiful story, beautifully told. No acting ensemble this year has featured so many awards-caliber performances. 
good Fans of the best-selling novel can rest easy: The warmly engaging book has been made into an equally affecting movie. 
good I was drawn into the characters and quite moved, even though all the while I was aware it was a feel-good fable, a story that deals with pain but doesn't care to be that painful. 
good Like its characters, it has its faults. But overall, it is a movie of imaginative sympathy that gets into the skin of its characters, into their hearts, and, ultimately, into ours. 
good Occasionally the sentimental sweep of the picture threatens to overwhelm, but Taylor manages to pull it back in time. 
good Although the story is uplifting and the characters heroic, The Help feels like a missed opportunity to explore the inner lives of these women and the culture that sustained them in any kind of artful or insightful way. 
very_good The message is delivered in a whispered hush, but you will hear it. Because it's true what your parents said when you were young. Sometimes, a whisper carries farther than a shout. 
good This is one shameless tear-jerker that earns its sniffles. 
bad Both taste and perspective will inform whether viewers will find The Help a revelatory celebration of interracial healing and transcendence, or a patronizing portrait that trivializes those alliances by reducing them to melodrama and facile uplift. 
good Laughter, which is ladled on thick as gravy, proves to be the secret ingredient -- turning what should be a feel-bad movie about those troubled times into a heart-warming surprise. 
bad Though the story is good and the performances are even better, The Help is really no different than Disney's typical inspirational crowd-pleasers, even if it offers a more unique take on the civil rights movement. 
very_good The Help is an exhilarating gift, a deeply touching human story filled with humor and heartbreak, and sublime performances from Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Emma Stone and Co. 
terrible Like The Blind Side, this salves white guilt by scapegoating the wrong villains, crediting the wrong heroes, and exploiting the victims. 
good "The Help" has Viola Davis going for it, and she is more than enough. 
bad Save for Ms. Davis's, the performances are almost all overly broad, sometimes excruciatingly so, characterized by loud laughs, bugging eyes and pumping limbs. 
fair When an important message is delivered through cardboard cutouts, it's akin to a Tyler Perry production of "Guess Who's Cooking the Dinner." 
best "The Help" avoids the trap of recasting a story of black struggle into the story of a white savior. 
very_bad A chick flick for do-gooders, The Help suffers from a malady common to the discrimination drama: its treatment of inequality is more condescending than the prejudice it aims to remedy. 
fair We are all invited to revel in the shadenfreude, but in between the snickering, it's worth pondering whether the film has perhaps lost its way. Was 'The Help' really intended as a revenge fantasy? 
good The fantastic performances make it a real winner of a movie, one that entertains and moves you regardless of gender, age or race. 
fair "The Help'' comes out on the losing end of the movies' social history. The best film roles three black women will have all year require one of them to clean Ron Howard's daughter's house. It's self-reinforcing movie imagery. 
good It's ... the black actresses who own this - as they should - and help lift it above well-intentioned melodrama. 
fair We don't need to see white characters feeling guilty or oppressed to understand that the verbal and emotional abuse committed against 'the help' is wrong. 
terrible High school creative-writing-class ironies of all kinds abound in The Help. 
best Truth and reconciliation between blacks and whites in Mississippi belatedly achieved, like a dream deferred. 
fair "The Help" is filled with good acting and better intentions. 
good Is the movie version of "The Help" better than the book? Yes, it is, primarily for one reason: The book doesn't have Viola Davis in it. 
fair Thanks to the divine cast, it mostly succeeds. 
bad Sounds kinda like Mississippi Burning meets Steel Magnolias, doesn't it? 
very_good Stone, Davis and Spencer forge something quite beautiful, a sense of sisterhood and equality that unfolds with ease and grace, never feeling forced or untrue to their era and circumstances. 
good Watts fans will, of course, want to see Ellie Parker regardless of what I or anyone else say about it. 
good Enjoyable comedy with several laugh-out-loud moments and a terrific performance from Naomi Watts. 
bad O que falta de estilo ao filme e compensado por uma atuacao corajosa, despojada e impressionante de Naomi Watts. 
good There's no question that what makes "Ellie Parker" work is the continued presence of Naomi Watts, a great film actress whether her film's budget is $187,000 or $187 million. 
fair Ellie isn't a particularly likable character, but thanks to Watts she's an imminently watchable one. In many ways this is a daring, unforgiving performance. 
fair Eventually the energy of the original short runs out and the movie coasts on fumes, but it remains surprisingly enjoyable for all that. 
fair The premise -- someone trying to inject meaning into a necessarily vacuous existence -- is depressing, but there are moments of vaguely uncomfortable hilarity. The whole endeavor, however, winds up feeling flat and a bit dull. 
good This is the movie they should show in college acting classes, instead of tapes of Inside the Actors' Studio. 
very_bad Ellie Parker has little to recommend it other than Watts' mercurial performance. 
very_bad Even if Watts makes it almost watchable, the ugly cinematography is too much of an eye strain to endure for such a thin and uninteresting story. 
very_bad Some films can make the leap from successful short film to a feature movie, and some just come up short. 
fair Watts' performance is brave and jazzy, but Coffey's riffing lacks lasting impact. 
bad Watts is alternately annoying, sympathetic and hilarious in the title role. She's always entertaining. 
bad began as a short at Sundance 2001 and should have remained one 
very_bad Shot on low-end digital video, the movie looks harsh and the sound is often dodgy, which wouldn't matter if the material were inherently more interesting. 
bad Too often it has the uncomfortable feel of a too-small sweater - - stretched to capacity, still not covering the territory. 
fair Though Ellie Parker isn't an especially deep film, and Watts' character can come off a bit whiny and narcissistic (but hey, come on, she's an actress!), it is engaging and frequently funny. 
very_bad If the film had any point beyond the pitfalls of starlet-dom, though, it's long been forgotten, as the movie descends into a series of acting-class moments. 
terrible Naomi Watts is the only explanation for the existence of the student-y digital video feature Ellie Parker 
fair As a spoof, it all feels a bit tedious and thrown-together. 
terrible There's the germ of a comic idea here, but most of the movie consists of acting-exercise skits that ramble on until they croak. 
good Ellie's story is as old as Hollywood, but Coffey brings to it a fresh, frenzied and often painfully raw vision in which Ellie begins to feel that her personality is as fragmented as life in Los Angeles can be. 
fair Naomi Watts delivers a fearless, largely unsympathetic portrayal of the title character as a desperate, unstrung version of herself (an Australian actress with a knack for dialects). 
good You don't have to have any actors in your life to get how killingly smart and accurate Ellie Parker is in its depiction of 24/7 navel-gazing, Hollywood-style. 
very_bad What is pleasant and slight in a short film becomes tedious and insipid when stretched to feature length. 
good A film has never been so representative of simultaneous reality than this little "inside" drama. Naomi Watts also shows us how many things a person can do while driving. 
bad A rare pleasure. 
very_bad A couple of laughs, a couple of interesting set pieces, a lot of Watts adding to her highlight reel, but when you get right down to it, there's just nothing else. 
very_bad High Spirits is a good time but the film is far from Jordan's best, and isn't quite what one would call "memorable", even with the fun effects and witty quips from O'Toole. 
terrible Flat and sitcom-y; Hannah's costume looks like a plastic trash bag 
good I saw this movie when I was lonely and it helped somewhat. 
terrible Ghastly ghost story. 
terrible What was Neil Jordan thinking? 
bad Not Neil Jordan at his best 
very_bad High Spirits most clearly resembles a disturbingly hollow combination of Ghostbusters, Police Academy, and every loud noise you've ever heard. 
good A chilly, creepy throwback to classic thrillers. 
good An outstanding thriller. Penn at the top of his game. 
bad Will appeal to fans of Sleuth and other movies in this genre. 
good A seriously underrated little mystery flick. Give it a shot! 
best Credit Professor Brown for compiling quite a collection of candid conversations with an impressive cross-section of Hollywood royalty. 
bad Strong female action hero in positive-message packed show. 
good Truffaut's ode to his childhood is an engrossing watch that is alluring in its simplicity and brilliant in its direction. It flows nicely at its own pace, never allowing melodrama to ruin its realistic and voyeuristic atmosphere. 
very_good Truffaut brought a fresh and piercingly honest portrayal of troubled youth to the screen. In many ways, Antonie Doinel is not only the cinematic embodiment of Truffaut, but also the French New Wave as a whole. 
best Truffault's masterpiece. Timeless and true, heartbreakingly sad. 
best Francois Truffaut's iconoclastic feature debut and one of the most enduring examples of the French New Wave. 
best What is there to say about The 400 Blows that hasn't already been said? 
best It's a cornerstone of the French New Wave, and one of the greatest movies about childhood, from anywhere, ever. 
best Henri Decae's black and white photography helped Truffaut enormously but what the director himself provides is a sense that though there is no easy answer to the problems of growing up, there is a hope that will never be wholly denied. 
best Vibrant, visually exciting and emotionally resonant. 
very_good One of the first glistening droplets of the French New Wave. 
best Distinguished by its naturalistic, quasi-documentary approach and an extraordinary central performance from the 12-year-old Jean-Pierre Leaud, this is a blisteringly authentic story. 
best It's streetwise stuff, shot in a vigorous on-the-hoof style, but also full of joy, both in its blissfully comic moments and in Doinel's telling passion for moviegoing. 
very_good Alive with the joy of filmmaking for its own sake. 
best The 400 Blows, one of the initiating sparks of the French New Wave, ultimately boils down to the film's trendsetting coda, perhaps the most exclamatory question mark in movies. 
best An enduring masterpiece...Truffaut's autobiographical fiction shows an admirable equanimity by depicting the highs and lows of boyhood. [Blu-ray] 
best This should be required viewing for today's droves of would-be memoirsts in film or any other medium, and otherwise is simply a must for anybody who likes great movies. 
best Seems forever young. 
best Un film partiellement autobiographique qui fait part d'une sincerite et d'une richesse ahurissantes. 
best it informs everything we know today about watching movies. 
best Truffaut's brilliant debut, one of the seminal works of the New Wave, is a captivating autobiographical chronicle of a troubled youth. 
best One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood. 
best Leaud's performance is a marvel in the way he conveys Antoine's frustration with the world around him and the inability of adults to understand him. 
best Amazingly, this vigorous effort is the first feature film of M. Truffaut, who had previously been (of all things!) the movie critic for a French magazine. 
best For all of Truffaut's mastery of the behind-the-camera aspects of The 400 Blows, an equal share of the credit must go to lead actor Jean-Pierre Leaud. 
best This bleak ending, with Antoine turning to stare into the camera, is among the most famous shots in cinema history, and for good reason. 
good A landmark in modern cinema. 
best Extraordinary. 
best The later films have their own merits, and Stolen Kisses is one of Truffaut's best, but The 400 Blows, with all its simplicity and feeling, is in a class by itself. 
terrible Battle: Los Angeles misses every mark it aims for. Aside from the well done special effects nothing in this movie is worth recommending. 
bad It's not new, it's not novel and it's not art. But as a popcorn movie a couple of months out of summer season, it'll have to do. 
bad Just the worst, most cliche-ridden bunch of faceless cannon fodder you've ever had the misfortune to watch die. 
terrible Jonathan Liebesman's "Battle: Los Angeles" is one of those rare films that fails on just about every level a film can fail on. 
bad Eat some leatherneck lead, E.T. -- and semper fi, space scum! 
very_bad Not as bad as the other recent invasion movie Skyline, but still nothing to be excited about. 
bad For an alien invasion film, this one is a solid effort, though there's a bit too much violence and not enough introspection. 
bad ...Battle Los Angeles fizzles out long before it reaches its tedious, anticlimactic finish. 
very_good a kind of cross between what I imagine the first person shooter video game experience to be and an episode of the HBO series Generation Kill 
good ... lock-and-load sci-fi - "Full Metal Jacket" meets "War of the Worlds. 
fair From beginning to end, this thing just keeps jackhammering at your nerves. Sure, there are a few moments of comic relief, both intended and not. 
fair It's a decent night out, provided you know what you're in for. 
terrible full review at Movies for the Masses 
very_bad One part War of the Worlds, one part generic stoic army guy movie from 1957 set during WWII, one part Independence Day, one part goofy dialogue. 
good An out-of-this-world blast. 
bad Only serviceable as a war movie and completely ridiculous as a science-fiction yarn, 'Battle: Los Angeles' is an average actioner that's barely one level above the Syfy Channel's 'Battle of Los Angeles.' 
very_bad There's the standard complement of soldier stereotypes: About-To-Be-Married Guy, Twitchy PSTD Case, Stoic African, and The Commander Who Just Graduated OCS. 
bad Don't expect too much more than a gritty tour of duty against ET's angry cousins and you'll be totally satisfied. 
bad For all its (many) flaws and derivative story elements, Battle: Los Angeles still has all the mindless fun and excitement of a really good high school food fight. 
bad This is a war movie that is dressed up like a sci-fi film to sneak in a message about Iraq and Afghanistan. 
bad With its cliched, one-dimensional characters, the movie fails to engage at an emotional level. 
bad A realistic war movie gives way to melodrama and a really poor second half. 
very_bad The film constantly blows thick smoke up our a---s and calls it charity. 
very_bad Se fosse espremido e engarrafado, resultaria num perfume batizado como Le Phallus. 
bad rather than actively fighting the cliches inherent in this genre, they have consciously, even joyously, embraced them 
bad ... probably better than it has any right to be. 
fair It's a top-to-bottom completely typical war film, just one involving aliens. If you can get behind that conceit, it's not bad at it what it does. If you can't, there's nothing else here for you. 
very_bad The special effects are mediocre and the story is strewn with the type of plot inconsistencies and lazy dialogue all-too-typical of today's post-content blockbusters. 
bad At times, the film dazzles with its almost seamless spectacle, but not as much can be said for the needless backstory preamble and an overindulgent aural overload that drowns out the best scenes. 
terrible More like "Battle: Indistinguishable, Concrete Laden Locales." 
terrible Characters walking from one set to another, screaming and shooting, an explosion, and the slightly whittled-down group walks to the next sense, rinse, repeat. 
fair Battle: Los Angeles is the right kind of "Hoorah!" that the alien invasion sub-genre needed. 
terrible Watching this nonsense after seeing tragic television images of the destruction of Japan somehow made Battle: Los Angeles appear even more meretricious. 
very_bad Battle: Los Angeles lapses into that peculiar modern-day rut that leaves an audience feeling as if they are watching a live feed of someone playing a photo-realistic computer game. 
fair It is a well executed one-violent-trick pony, designed for the 12 year old boy the movie studios hope is still playing with toy soldier figurines inside us all. 
bad Eckhart is a refreshing alternative to Messrs Stallone and Schwarzenegger in this movie. 
terrible Michael Bay and Tony Scott made love to the American flag, birthed a demon spawn and called it Battle Los Angeles. 
very_bad I'm sure there's an epic battle going on here, but it's hard to tell when the cameraman is too busy shaking off a swarm of angry bees to capture any of it. 
terrible Like the aliens themselves, the cliches were coming too fast. Unlike the aliens, they are indestructible. 
very_bad Director Jonathan Liebsman's decision to keep things at close-quarters - following solely this band of grunts rather than covering the entire city - could have worked had the film itself felt more elemental. 
fair Action packed with a solid performance from Aaron Eckhart and a large dollop of patriotism 
terrible How many times can we watch Marines taking cover and returning fire at barely glimpsed aliens before our eyes glaze over? 
fair According to a TV commentator, the aliens 'are here for our resources... we are being colonized.' But don't expect any references to chickens coming home to roost. There's no irony in this particular presentation of doomsday deferred. 
very_bad The real battle in this duff alien invasion movie is whether the direction is worse than the writing. 
very_bad Really need to watch District 9 again. Immediately. 
very_bad The X-Box game this film wants to be would be ten times more involving, and wouldn't feature Ne-Yo. 
fair A pro-war movie masquerading as a disaster film? This is the anti Hurt Locker. 
fair The pace is fast enough and the goal of victory so seemingly elusive that this is a pretty entertaining ride, despite the total lack of story and character development. 
very_bad Feels less like a movie than the action scenes clipped out of one. 
very_bad Neuron-rotting brain candy: an empty action exercise made up of empty calories. That'd be fine, if only it were sweet. 
bad It's by-the-numbers, big-screen video gaming. Hooh-ra! 
bad There are so many missed opportunities for interesting sci-fi elements, but this movie isn't interested in that. It's a military ground war action film, and even that isn't sustainable. 
very_bad At least if the aliens win, we won't have to sit through any more movies like this one. 
terrible If you're the kind of person for whom "they blowed it up real good" is a positive review, you'll love this film. 
bad So po-faced that it almost feels like a spoof, this energetic action epic is watchable due to its solid cast and visceral tone. And the story and characters are so thin that you almost admire the filmmakers' nerve. 
bad Excitement? Not so much. 
bad It's pretty much a running gun battle from jump, which is good. 
terrible I don't know why this movie exists. A completely unoriginal mash-up of every good alien invasion film there's ever been, resulting in an ugly, uninspired, laughably bad mess that'll give you motion sickness while making your ears bleed. 
terrible Tedious, lazy and thoroughly nauseating with no palpable thrills or excitement to be found. The asinine script and excessive use of shaky-cam will make your eyes and ears bleed simultaneously. 
terrible We all know a guy who is obsessed with military firepower and who spends way too much time playing first-person shooters on XBox 360. Battle: Los Angeles is a movie for that guy. 
fair Battle: Los Angeles will delight your inner 8-year-old while your brain cells wither and die. 
bad Despite plenty of promise, it's a mirthlessly cliched, spasmodic mess of editing and direction. Still, look on the bright side; at least it wasn't released in 3D. 
terrible Battle Los Angeles is so derivative of superior films that you'll spend half the running time merely making a list of movies that you'd rather be watching. 
bad It presents an apocalyptic scenario that ought to be tense and horrifying but is instead unintentionally funny. 
very_bad Don't mean to boast, but I can suspend my disbelief as willingly as any credulous moviegoer. Yet not even an industrial crane would have helped here. Nope, Battle: Los Angeles completely defeated me. 
bad Give props to the filmmakers behind Battle: Los Angeles for manufacturing an otherworldly attack that's as brutal, relentless and thoroughly unpleasant as the real thing might be. 
terrible It makes you feel like you are watching someone else playing a videogame while another person is operating a jackhammer approximately six inches away from your skull for two solid hours 
very_bad A high-priced, high-tech clone of a video game. The characters move a pixel at a time to this dead-end or that, and each solution presents another, greater challenge. 
good 'Battle: Los Angeles' is nothing more than another fast paced, cliched action/ sci-fi film but visually splendid and enjoyable. 
bad It has shortcomings, but Battle: Los Angeles tries hard at being a serious alien invasion movie. Intense battle scenes & an old fashioned portrayal of the military might win audiences over. 
terrible It's not a good sign when, at the end of an alien invasion movie, you're disappointed that the aliens have not emerged victorious. 
bad Whoever cut together the epic first trailer for Battle:LA deserves an Academy Award. There is a reason why we hear no dialogue in that trailer... 
terrible Alien invasion flick "Battle: Los Angeles" is basically a $100,000,000 recruitment video for the Marines that will help the Corps fill its ranks with gawky gamers who like laughably bad movies. Semper sigh. 
bad Makes the fatal, conceptual mistake of turning a picture about a mysterious alien attack into a sub-par, propagandistic combat demo reel. 
fair Smart enough to avoid getting too deep into the personal stories and give you what you want from Battle: Los Angeles. They blow stuff up real good. 
bad It's all forward momentum, except when it pauses to let Aaron Eckhart's world-weary staff sergeant deliver a generic motivational speech. And even that moment is comfortably familiar, simultaneously superficial and satisfying. 
very_bad Pretty much cardboard, down to the heroic patriotic speeches, and less distinctive even than last year's scarcely stellar Skyline, which trashed the same city. 
very_bad It's just running, shooting, dodging, killing, not badly done but pretty numbing over two hours. 
bad Neither as serious as Black Hawk Down nor as lightheartedly fun as Independence Day. 
fair Recently, astrophysicist Stephen Hawking suggested that if alien life exists, we shouldn't be in a rush to make first contact. Consider Battle: Los Angeles Hawking's cinematic "I told ya so." 
good It's a simplistic movie, but there's something appealing about its simplicity. 
very_bad This silly extraterrestrial-invasion epic somehow manages the feat of making the destruction of La La Land seem tedious. 
very_bad H.G. Wells did it better. This movie spends so much yawn-inducing time on variations of the same combat scenario that its final showdown feels rushed. 
terrible As it lurches from Act II to Act III, "Battle: Loss Angeles" reveals itself to be a lousy movie. 
terrible Director Jonathan Liebesman leaps into the fray with his camera twitching and lurching, capturing more flying metal and concrete dust than actual characters or aliens. 
good ...the bigger, badder brother to "Independence Day." 
very_bad It's the kind of movie that ends with one of those defeat the enemy by blowing up the one magical thing which can hurt them and conveniently isn't guarded scenarios. And even that feels tacked on 
bad The plot of Battle Los Angeles is only a few dialogue scenes removed from the objective-based narratives of countless video games concerning warfare in modern times. 
fair There's a solid war film here, as well as the scary thought of what it might be like if we were the 'collateral damage' instead of people in Iraq or Afghanistan. 
bad Battle Los Angeles doesn't bring anything new to the alien attack genre. 
bad For a film that takes inspiration from the same WWII event that helped spawn the screenplay for Spielberg's 1941, it is one that could have used an attack on Hollywood. At least that would have been a little bit of fun. 
terrible Sure to remain one of the most spiritless cinematic experiences of the year. 
bad If it's daft action and a gung-ho "God Bless America" romp you want, then this is for you. 
good Eckhart's commitment to the movie's reality, which is as fierce as the sergeant's commitment to his men, takes what otherwise might merely have been outlandish and makes it believable, and frightening. 
bad As it stands, Battle: Los Angeles is good dumb fun. A little less talking and a little weirder alien and it might have been something more. 
very_bad The entire movie is made from the parts of a dozen other, better movies, and shot in a manner that suggests the cameraman is riding a pogo stick. 
very_bad Eckhart performs with laudable conviction, despite the laughable dialogue, but other characters blur into one, and you'll end up feeling as weary as Eckhart's marine. 
terrible Battle: Los Angeles is for American teenagers who found G.I. Joe: The Rise Of Cobra too cerebral. 
bad You can't help but wish there had been a lot more heart in this Marine's story. 
very_bad As Ernest Thesiger might have said: oh my dear, the noise, the extraterrestrials. 
very_good It's a gritty, tension-filled story of soldiers fighting their way through extraordinary circumstances. The characters feel like real people. Their struggles seem genuine. And Los Angeles is going up in flames. 
good The film, constructed by people of serious talent, is designed to put you through the wringer, and that's exactly what it does. This is a total war scenario, people. Man up or stand back. Hoo-rah! 
fair A loud, frenetic, viscerally gripping two-hour tour of duty that mostly plays fair by the rules of the genre and mostly avoids macho posturing. 
terrible Viewed as a parody, this subpar alien invasion flick is worth a few laughs. If only it were meant that way. 
very_bad Ultimately, it's likely to top exactly nobody's list of the greatest sci-fi, war, or sci-fi war movies of all time. 
bad The biggest irony of this project is that it was made by a company that calls itself Original Film but has produced perhaps the least original movie of the year so far. 
bad As a narrative, the cartoonish Battle: Los Angeles makes the cartoonish Independence Day look as nuanced as Saving Private Ryan. 
fair The writing is atrocious, but BATTLE: LOS ANGELES is still a fun ride for action junkies. 
fair There's never a doubt who will win in the aliens versus marines battle, but the fact that it's interesting from the first frame to the last is an achievement. 
bad this is a movie that, when faced with finding a way out of its considerable contrivances, simply cheats 
terrible On the whole Battle: Los Angeles is the emptiest form of sci-fi action: Just one bloody (or alien gooey) thing after another. 
bad It's like watching other people play a video game 
very_bad ..the real problem with this picture, shaky-cam visuals aside... is its insistent, talky, unnecessary earnestness, which adds a good fifteen minutes of flab to the picture... 
very_bad Toting and furious, Michelle Rodriguez is as game as ever in the Michelle Rodriguez Role; otherwise it's personality-free, and hewn from a script of purest Monterey Jack 
good This jacked-up B-movie hybrid of "Black Hawk Down" and "War of the Worlds" is a modest but crafty triumph of tension over good sense and cliche. 
bad [It] isn't nearly as good as any of the movies that may have inspired it, or even its own knockout trailer. 
fair A solid popcorn movie, with plenty of action, explosions and low-key mayhem unlikely to scar even the most fragile of psyches. 
bad An electrifying film that manages to be engrossing and entertaining in spite of its flaws. 
bad Me, I would rather have enjoyed a big breakfast. 
very_bad A tiresome fireworks display starring a cast of cardboard cutouts, quick to make a visceral fuss but frustratingly negligent when it comes to providing a reason to care. 
very_bad Should have been titled "Call of Duty: Martian Warfare 2." 
good A full metal racket, Battle: Los Angeles is like a Michael Bay movie without the meatheaded, over-the-top indifference that usually implies. The destruction is spectacular. 
bad War of the Worlds meets The Hurt Locker in director Jonathan Liebesman's down-and-dirty alien-invasion flick. 
bad Rabidly gung ho action thriller that plays like Black Hawk Down with aliens, though the impressive special effects and decent action sequences are badly let down by a script that ensures no cliche gets left behind. 
terrible Here's a science-fiction film that's an insult to the words "science" and "fiction," and the hyphen in between them. You want to cut it up to clean under your fingernails. 
good Predictable, obvious, and often corny -- but Battle L.A. is also exciting, kinetic, and six kinds of loud, crazy fun. 
bad What is an otherwise decent war movie is marred by unforgivably bad writing and even worse acting. 
bad At a time when Hollywood is generally too afraid to touch America's dual wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Battle: Los Angeles offers up a safer alternative 
bad Considering there are so many new ways to tell an alien-invasion story (found footage, mockumentary, spoof), Battle: Los Angeles is almost defiantly old-fashioned. 
fair It might be different with well-developed characters or a story that offers more depth or breadth, but the movie is predominantly pyrotechnics and, as impressive as some of those are, they don't warrant two hours worth of screen time. 
bad Battle: LA is perfect cinema for gamers. 
fair 'Battle' comes off more like a summer action movie with a massive scope and insane visual effects... 'Battle' is like a wicked mix between the "Call of Duty" and "Gears of War" video games. 
fair Packs enough firm-jawed, flag-rippling machismo to make Michael Bay look like some mumbling pinko pussy. 
very_bad The weak link is Christopher Bertolini's script, which lumbers the flat military characters with hackneyed dialogue and corny sentimentality. Not even Eckhart can survive such banality, and kick-ass specialist Michelle Rodriguez is wasted. 
bad Imagine Black Hawk Down with ETs instead of Somalis and you'll have the measure of an explosive if functional actioner that will do while we're waiting for summer's big guns to arrive. 
very_bad Frustratingly little light is shed on either Roth's life or his work by this series of interviews with the novelist and a curious selection of admirers. 
bad This dully conventional biography doesn't do justice to its subject. 
fair In spite of the film's exhaustive chronology, those who deduce from its title that they're in for an unveiling, or an unraveling, of a major literary figure may come out empty-handed. 
bad The history of the man who gave the literary world such alternately acclaimed and vilified works as Portnoy's Complaint,Sabbath's Theater and I Married a Communist is continuously glossed over. 
good He is, for 90 minutes, marvelous company - expansive, funny, generous and candid. 
very_good [A] crisply filmed document. 
fair Whiplash rises on the strengths of a brilliant, Oscar-winning performance from J.K. Simmons and a great soundtrack to complement it, turning what could have been a rather bland story of a determined drummer into something a little more memorable. 
best 'Whiplash' is whip-smart. 
bad full of skill and technique and fury, but hollow at the core. 
best Utterly brilliant and intense. 
good J.K. Simmons excels in 'Whiplash's' hand-to-the throat storytelling. 
fair The acting is what drums up the interest here. J.K. Simmons proves -- as most of us already know -- he's a great actor and deserves more than acting for an insurance company. 
good Whiplash delivers a dark and dazzling jive into the hidden world of competitive playing. This is what happens when the kids from Fame meet the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket. 
very_bad A more distasteful rendering of character and story I can't begin to imagine. I must be missing something. 
good For all its overripe contrivance, you'll leave the cinema with a spring in your step and a thump in your chest, eager to bang the drum for what deserves to be one of the year's real word-of-mouth hits. 
good What gives the film such a kick, in spite of its improbabilities, is its raw and brutal but also very subtle portrayal of the shifting, attritional relations between teacher and student, sorcerer and apprentice. 
best I suggest you take a defibrillator to Whiplash, since the chances of a heart attack or spontaneous combustion during viewing are high. 
good Few relationships in recent cinema have been quite so compelling. Bring a welder's mask to ward off sparks. 
best Simmons is unnervingly good as a teacher who rules by fear and the final showdown provides as gripping a climax as you will see all year. 
good Whiplash is an extraordinarily taut, accomplished piece of work for a debut feature. It's also unusual in having such a definite point to make - albeit perhaps a pretty objectionable one. 
best A hugely entertaining, refreshingly subversive take on the well-worn "inspirational teacher" theme. 
best Come the last beat, you'll probably be exhausted. But you'll also feel entertained, inspired and wonderfully alive. The ovation starts here. 
good The film offers dark, ripsnorting fun if not, necessarily, an accurate portrait of life and times at premium music colleges. 
very_good It's hard to think of another film that leaves us quite so out of breath. 
good If Facebook's Marc Zuckerberg took jazz drumming lessons from Dr Hannibal Lecter, the result might look like this. 
best Whiplash is razor-sharp filmmaking about personal sacrifice and how far you're willing to go in pursuit of a dream. It's absolutely essential viewing. 
best Builds to a finale that's somehow fist-pumpingly fantastic and utterly tragic at the same time. You'll want back for more as soon as it's over. 
best Not many films can capture electricity and bottle it, but Damien Chazelle is a conductor par excellence. If the final scene doesn't move you in every sense, you're a corpse. 
best Tense, hilarious, harrowing, brilliantly performed and masterfully directed. 
very_good As an ode to jazz, to the single-minded pursuit of greatness, and to the agony and exultation of jamming to one's inner drummer, Whiplash hardly misses a beat. 
best The race for the Academy Award for best supporting actor is probably over, with J.K. Simmons nearly guaranteed to take home this year's crown with a performance that is both electric and unforgettable. 
best It's the work of an accomplished talent. 
very_good Simmons is daunting and extraordinary from the moment Chazelle introduces the black-clad monster, but it is Teller, a former drummer, who carries the film. 
best I've been bullied and I've been a bully, and I don't enjoy watching it onscreen. I loved Whiplash, though. 
best The riveting tale of a power-tripping music teacher who pushes his star pupil to - and beyond - the brink. 
very_good Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are both phenomenal in their parts, playing off each other as brilliantly as one horn to another in a jazz ensemble. 
very_good It would be an insult to call Chazelle a "promising" filmmaker, as this movie doesn't indicate mere potential - it is evidence of authentic, sometimes blazing talent. 
fair A gorgeous ode to drumming, as art, as mastery and invention, as utterly thrilling experience. 
very_good While "Whiplash" easily ranks as one of the most riveting feature films about drumming and jazz in memory (an admittedly short list), you don't need to know a thing about either to relish this vibrant, timeless tale ... 
best Director Damien Chazelle, who based the story on his own experience as a student jazz drummer in the thrall of an Alpha task-master, has created a remarkably economical and claustrophobic piece of storytelling. 
good Make no mistake: It's Simmons' explosive, career-defining performance that really brings Whiplash to life. 
best Riveting 
very_good A simple plot synopsis might make Whiplash seem ordinary -- there's even a little romantic subplot -- but that sort of reductive reporting misses the point of this beautifully crafted, nuanced and wonderfully energetic film. 
best "Whiplash" Follows the Beat of its own Drum. 
best Unyielding, unrelenting and unforgettable, this is a movie about music that never hits a sour note. 
best Even though the film is laser-focused, both Teller and Simmons reveal a remarkable amount of character depth and shading, elevating the clever screenplay to a challenging statement about modern culture. 
good Teller and Simmons play their parts as if possessed by demons. 
good "Whiplash" is intense, brutal and really bloody. Oh, and it's a music drama. An engrossing, piercing force with which to be reckoned, barreling over reality into operatic theatrics so deliciously over-the-top they border on the surreal. 
best Smart, funny, and electrifying in its storytelling. Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are nothing short of magical. 
fair An enjoyable potboiler with just enough insight into alpha male desire to feel like something slightly deeper. 
best Incredible movie. 
fair The movie struck me as unreal and vaguely ridiculous; I found it easy to imagine Will Ferrell in the role of Fletcher, a switch that would require no decrease in tantrums and no change in dialogue. 
good Abusive yet electrifying, defining the parameters of artistic sacrifice... 
fair Whiplash is a tense (but somewhat hollow) psycho-thriller that features a ferocious performance to remember from J.K. Simmons. 
best Movies set in a Juilliard-like music school aren't supposed to make your heart race in nervous anticipation. Yet that's exactly why this taut drama rates as one of the year's best. 
best Its climax is the most exhilarating stretch of film you'll see all year. 
best Following a few compelling turns and sly plot twists, the final confrontation between gifted student and tyrannical teacher comes quickly, then ends on an equally sudden if just about perfect note. 
best A riveting confluence of energy, passion and broken blisters that serves as a tribute to the obsessive pursuit of excellence at any cost. 
best A compelling, coming-of-age tale about a lifelong dream-turned-neverending nightmare, all because of a sadistic studio bandleader from Hell! 
good Whiplash should "wow" its audiences. 
good Propulsive and persistent. 
good Primarily two actors and a jazz score, but the result is a crackling good drama that feels almost like a thriller. Smart, stylish and intense. 
good Whiplash smartly shows the sacrifices required to achieve greatness. 
best Words fail to adequately describe just how everything down to the most minute detail converge into a climax that is at once exciting, scary, intense, joyous, heartbreaking, exhilarating, and altogether powerfully cathartic. 
very_good An indie Amadeus...it's the career-best performances by Simmons and Teller...that make Whiplash unforgettable. 
good The film works, often wonderfully, as a remarkable visualization of jazz music - you feel it and breathe it, just like the musicians - and as a showcase for the two actors at its center. 
bad The leads' prolonged, puffed-feathers sparring is entertaining while it lasts, but the sensation of something sizable is only fleeting. 
best Ultimately, "Whiplash" isn't just about jazz - and it's not necessary to be a fan of the music to enjoy the film - but about life. 
very_good The film's true subject is innate talent - for music, writing, painting, sculpture, plumbing, whatever - and the superhuman lengths we sometimes have to go to in order to wring it out of ourselves. 
very_good There is a "Raging Bull" physicality to Teller's performance, along with a touch of Asperger syndrome, and Simmons brings a "The Great Santini" psychological intensity unlike anything in his nice-guy insurance commercials. 
good Specific as its world is, the questions it raises have application all over our culture. Thrilling as hell and ends on a perfect note 
very_bad You have to take Whiplash's tunnel vision for what it's worth, the idea that there's only one sort of perfection, only one school worth attending...This kind of acting is to acting what a drum solo is to music. 
very_good At times, it evidences the qualities of a can't-turn-away car wreck: brutal and horrific yet compelling. At other times, it has the rhythms of a sports drama with all the ups and downs inherent in that genre. 
good Horrifyingly hypnotic. 
very_good An intense, unmelodious, highly amped and probably unrealistic drama set in the fictionalized Schaefer Conservatory in New York. 
best Quite simply, Whiplash is one of the year's best films. 
very_good It's as much a horror movie as it is a keenly realized indie about jazz, about art, about what it takes to claim greatness. 
good Student-teacher relations don't get much more combative than what we see in Whiplash. And firebrand acting doesn't get much better. 
fair Chazelle may have given us a convenient bad guy with a cold heart, but he still leaves room for debate through the portrait of a protagonist who feels the weight of potential on his shoulders, but needs help lifting it heavenward. 
good J.K. Simmonds is amazing. 
good The searing performance of J. K. Simmonds as this Machiavellian maestro is the key to this film. 
good An extremely confident, stylish, brash and superbly crafted melodrama that manages, in its contained story, to examine ambition, elitism, bullying, musicianship, scholarship and many other underlying themes. It is taut, rigorous and menacing. 
best Oh, yes. It's that good. 
good Whiplash is, at best, heightened realism. There's no way that Fletcher could have gotten away with his teaching methods without serious legal - or physical - pushback long before Andrew comes along. But, as drama, it's a crackling good time. 
best A bruising, anger-scarred music academy drama not to be missed. 
very_good Simmons is always good. Here, he is great. His brilliant performance is, if not the single best of the year, certainly among them. 
good Whiplash has one of the best and most inspirational endings I've ever seen that also works as a defence of fascism. 
bad The film is based on Chazelle's life but is fiction because reality is realising not everything is possible if we're willing to try. 
very_good Whiplash is a 'jazz thriller' and it's exceptional, engrossing cinema. 
very_good ...a consideration of the potential, value and cost of perfection. 
best It eventually subverts expectations in its final third to become truly special. 
best Whiplash is everything its snappy title suggests, and comes complete with a thunderous ending that leaves the entire film reverberating in your consciousness. 
best Teller grabs you with his commitment and drags you along through all the agony. 
very_good Frankly, I would urge viewers to see this film, if for no other reason, than for the final scene. It's the kind of scene that involuntarily quickens your heart, makes your jaw fall open, and catches your breath. 
very_good The insightful writing and direction of filmmaker Damien Chazelle shines an unflattering light on the playing of mind games as a motivational tool. 
best The greatest testament to Chazelle's accomplishment with these characters is that we dread what's still to come for them. 
best Uplifting, heartbreaking, electrifying and terrifying, it's a highly personal film but one with universal themes that we can all connect to. 
best As a stress-inducing exercise in cinematic asphyxiation, Whiplash is this year's Gravity. 
best The explosive, ingeniously constructed mentor-from-hell drama Whiplash gives durable character actor J.K. Simmons the meatiest and mightiest role of his career. 
fair Chazelle finds the cinematic equivalent of the white hat/black hat showdown in a classic Western but imbues it with equal parts physicality and intellectual grit. 
fair At its best, "Whiplash" conveys with pungent detail the striving of young people eager to make their bones in a Manhattan that's as foul and forbidding as it is seductive. 
fair As for the strangely exhilarating ending, it makes clear that what we have been watching is less a statement about art than a love story: a twisted one, but romantic in every sense. 
good To watch J.K. Simmons in "Whiplash" is always to be wondering what it is you're seeing and what is going on in this man's mind. 
best Simmons gives an indelible, Oscar-worthy performance here, yet he's matched in every step by Teller, who shows us an intense young man who finds in music an order and sense that the world around him lacks. 
very_good In a bracing, complex turn that better earn a best supporting actor nomination, Simmons makes a terrifying jazz drill sergeant and one of the year's best villains. 
best "Whiplash" is true to its title. It throws you around with impunity, yet Chazelle exerts tight, exacting control over his increasingly feverish and often weirdly comic melodrama. 
good Even with its flaws, "Whiplash" is very much worth seeing. With its shotgun acting, fierce direction and galvanizing music, it nails the most important notes. 
good It's one of the most disturbing entertaining movies I've seen in a long while. 
very_bad Think of Simmons' verbal tirades as extended riffs, virtuoso variations on the theme of trial by ordeal. 
best An intense, emotionally-charged and captivating triumph brimming with powerhouse performances by Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons. They both deserve an Oscar nomination. 
good Whiplash flows freely; it's literally full of improvisations in at least two art forms, but like all good jazz, it always knows where it is, and where it's going. 
very_good Whiplash is a must see and will contend for the best film of 2014. Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons deliver magnetic performances. 
good Compelling drama about relentless pursuit of perfection. 
best If the story is simple, Chazelle spins off on it, the way jazz players reinterpret old standards. His camera comes in close on instruments, fingers, blisters. Shots are cut together in clear but furious flurries. 
very_good Damien Chazelle stages S&M drum duels with strafing mastery. And Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons will blow you away. Beat the drums for a Simmons Oscar, and add a cymbal crash for Whiplash. It's electrifying. 
good Some viewers of Whiplash may find it morally suspect, but after a final act that grips you by the throat and doesn't let go, it's doubtful they'll mind. 
best Music instruction and combat are rarely linked in movies, and particularly not in the singularly riveting way they come together in Whiplash. 
best The film is a stunning work that explores the price of great artistry, all the while demonstrating precisely what that looks like. 
good You may not even notice the flaws, since we get so many compelling layers to sift through. 
best A spellbinding make-or-break movie aimed at those who have ever wanted to be good at something. At anything. It's one of the year's best films. 
good It's an intense, blood-curdling, debatably cynical portrait of geniuses as sociopaths, or at least the ones who have to work at it. 
very_good Rarely has a movie shown so viscerally the utter pain that can accompany the bliss of creating good music. 
good The two stars are fully committed to the concept that the pursuit of perfection doesn't always triumph, and the film pounds in the temples with the feverish tempo of a jazz riff. 
best A mesmerizing drama about the toxic fallout from perfectionism and unbridled ambition. 
good The film's aversion toward cliches and hitting expected beats lends it a rare, welcome edge of danger. 
best Absolutely harrowing...one of the best pictures of the year. 
very_good In this intense music-themed drama, director-writer Damien Chazelle constructs a fearsome duet between his lead characters. 
very_good Andrew's story breathes and moves like a song -- a jazz number, naturally -- which renders every turn, reveal, and twist of perspective a tremendous showstopper. 
very_good Whiplash is a somewhat rare example of a heavily hyped film that lives up to said hype. 
best A story that rarely breaks tempo, and it's incredible performances will no doubt be marching into award ceremonies in the coming months. 
best A story that is engaging throughout, and the music is perfectly employed...but it's Teller and especially Simmons who make this one of the must-see films of 2014. 
best Few movies can achieve the highest benchmark of 'perfection,' and movies like Whiplash only come along once in a blue moon. 
best "Whiplash" features some of the best minutes of film seen in 2014. An ending that will bring tears to your eyes, dual performances that will have you applaud, and an experience that you surely will not forget. 
good Whiplash demands a physical and emotional reaction. It sucks us right into this battle of wills, and the fleeting triumphs and emotional scarring that is a result of it. 
bad In the days since my rousing screening of the film I've grown increasingly mystified by it... 
very_good The thrill of watching Fletcher and Neyman's fray unfold is intensified by Damien Chazelle's attention to the craft and challenge of musicianship. 
very_good Featuring a remarkably hypnotic performance by J.K. Simmons... 
very_good When an ambitious young musician (Miles Teller) strives to be a Buddy Rich class drummer, he nearly dies trying in a charged battle of wills with his thorny professor (J. K. Simmons). The buzzy Sundance hit vibrates with life lived at fever pitch. 
best A riveting portrait of two people working out the theory that pressure turns coal into a diamond. 
best Savagely funny, gripping and exhilarating, Whiplash is a spectacularly accomplished sophomore feature from Chazelle, a taut psychological drama without an ounce of spare flesh on it. 
good Whiplash scrapes the far edge of crazy passion. It never apologizes. 
very_good Guaranteed to send you out of the theater on an adrenaline high. 
good Whiplash delivers an energy you're lucky to feel once or twice on the big screen each year 
good Chazelle's film has a sharp and gripping rhythm, with shots, beautifully edited by Tom Cross (Crazy Heart, Wrong Turn), often cutting to the crash of Andrew's drums. 
bad The entire cast is impressive, but unfortunately, Whiplash rarely raises itself above amiably decent. 
good Even if Whiplash falters from time to time, the performances never do. 
very_good Award-worthy performances by J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller. 
good It's rare to see a film about music that professes its love for the music and its characters equally. 
good A triumphant coming of age tale, and an inverse, perverse, modern Amadeus. 
fair Will have audiences cheering and begging for an encore. 
best One of the most heart-warming films ever to see 
good The film acts best as a depiction of Pastor Lee and his church's work for these children; the sheer number of babies they rescue and the lifestyle they provide for the ones in their care is a powerful enough message. 
very_good One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end. 
best The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960. 
best An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films. 
good Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories. 
bad It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together. 
best This is the ultimate celluloid Rorschach test, where the production refuses to offer a straightforward solution to the maze of thorny challenges. 
very_good [...]Persona marks a radical break for Bergman, an acknowledgment up front of the illusion and fundamental artifice of making movies. 
good Persona probes the depths of the human psyche, even as it examines the ways in which people tell stories and create new realities. Its themes are timeless, and it still holds up today. 
best One of the screen's supreme works and perhaps Ingmar Bergman's finest film. 
best Wonderfully complex but warmly human, Bergman's drama is one of his very best. 
best Persona is made up of clinical compositions, austere acting and stark lighting courtesy of legendary lensman Sven Nykvist. Yet it's this very severity that gives the film its crisp beauty. 
best A work of many possible readings -- any of which provide deeply disturbing looks into the psyche of the characters or character. 
best Not a movie, but a Film. And a Great Film it is. As good as any. 
fair One of Ingmar Bergman's most beloved films. 
best Corajoso em sua abordagem narrativa, Bergman cria um dos mais densos dramas psicologicos do Cinema, quebrando as convencoes da linguagem para expressar ideias e sentimentos. 
best There are so many stunning monologues and unforgettable set-pieces in Persona that even at a modest 80 minutes, it feels fuller on the surface than most movies twice the length. 
bad ...Bergman's penchant for strangeness eventually undercuts the effective elements. 
good Bergman at his most atypically sensual, playful -- even Godardian. 
best Made in the mid-60s, his film's intensity and mysteriousness remain undimmed despite the passage of time. 
best Somewhat dated today, but one of Bergman's greatest works. 
best Ingmar Bergman's most actively astonishing film. 
best You might not understand it all right away, or even after multiple viewings, but there is nothing about Persona that is forgettable. It is an experience that sticks with you and gnaws at you, compelling you back to it again and again. 
best A film we return to over the years, for the beauty of its images and because we hope to understand its mysteries. 
best One of the most chilling, disturbing, and even erotic films to ever be made. 
best It's not a horror story but a poem, and remarkable for that. This is one of the director's masterworks. 
fair Che's mission to lift his father up. . .intimately demonstrates [how] health care, education and supportive housing. . .help a motivated man gain confidence and his life. 
fair A neatly insinuating idea, flawlessly executed, Alone With Her marks out its stars and director as ones to watch. 
fair Alone With Her is a pretty engaging tale, and it's refreshing to see a well-acted, suspenseful drama made without a bloated budget or a lot of bloodletting. 
good A novel spin on an oft-told tale, Alone with Her is a fine little indie indeed. What could have been just another gimmick flick turns out to be a pretty intense ride. 
fair Alone with Her has a dog and a rampant sense of dread, the kind you don't recover from for at least a few days. I'm on the first day. 
fair Even a conventional, albeit cynical, ending can't ruin such effective mood-making. 
bad exudes the overall uncomfortable air of watching a depraved home movie 
good Alone With Her is a tense, well-shot little thriller in the vein of 'fatal attraction' youth flicks like Fear, The Crush, and Swimfan. 
fair Through Hanks' and Talancon's subtle, naturalistic performance [writer-director Eric Nicholas] cultivates a human dimension often missing from thrillers. 
good Alone With Her has the kind of high ick factor that leaves you squirming -- not because Doug is so diabolical a creation, but because what he does to satisfy his pathology is so practical. 
fair A B-picture waiting to cut loose in its final 15 minutes, when it devolves into generic stalker-thriller theatrics of the Julia-Roberts-in-distress kind. 
bad Writer and director Eric Nicholas's latest film, Alone With Her, is a voyeuristic thriller that is fiendishly assured yet ultimately less than the sum of its parts. 
good Far superior to the generic thrillers churned out by the big studios. 
fair A relentlessly-disturbing, cautionary tale about how easy it might be for a deranged maniac to worm his way into your good graces. 
good This film chills and hits every paranoia button perfectly. 
fair The plausibility of the situation (aided tremendously by Talancon's wonderfully natural performance) makes for a deeply disturbing viewing experience. 
bad Those with a propensity for voyeurism and stalking should be able to relate to Hanks, while ogling Talancon. (Here's hoping you don't happen to be sitting next to one of them in the theatre.) 
fair ...it's hard not come away with a smile on your face. 
good What the hell kind of grown-up hands out rocks on Halloween? 
bad Perhaps Charlie Brown's most charming, bittersweet moment. 
good The most sincere of all Halloween specials. 
very_bad There are amusing moments but it's as illuminating as an average episode of Coach Trip. 
bad There's much to admire in Alexander Snelling's documentary about a perspiring gang of sex-starved westerners on a tantric tour of India. He clocks some genuine emotional flashpoints and shoots India with adoring vivacity. 
bad A rather unenlightening experience. 
good The sort of raw drama that, sad to say, never loses its topicality. 
best With typical consummate verve, Hitch unfolds a story filled with twists, turns and dramatic contrasts. 
best Classic nail-biter is a must for thriller fans. 
best the work most necessary for a deeper appreciation of Hitchcock's late masterpieces. 
very_good Even more marvelous after a second viewing 
best The prototypical Hitchcock thrill ride. 
fair Most of the film is a journey through pure Hitchcockian irony and suspense, and well worth the trip. 
best Patricia Highsmith's malicious writing seems perfectly suited to Alfred Hitchcock. 
very_good Walker's creepy performance ranks among the best found in any Hitchcock film. 
very_good To ignore the subtext during the runaway carousel climax is to be absolutely blind. 
best Two men, a problem, and a crime is an old theme, but the list of works that exploit it perfectly is a short one. Strangers on a Train belongs on it. 
best Hitchcock was above all the master of great visual set pieces, and there are several famous sequences in Strangers on a Train. 
very_good Perhaps none of Alfred Hitchcock's 1950s films is quite as intense as Strangers on a Train. 
good Quintessential Hitchcock. 
best ...one of the original shells for identity-inspired mystery thrillers, in which natural human behavior is the driving force behind the true macabre. 
best Farley Granger became the best-known actor out of the film, but it's the tour-de-force performance of Robert Walker as Bruno that's amazing. 
bad Apenas mais um bom suspense. 
best Hitchcock's favourite device of an ordinary man caught in an ever-tightening web of fear plunges Guy into one of the director's most fiendishly effective movies. 
good The power of the story - adapted from the novel by Patricia Highsmith - lies in its simplicity, and Hitchcock's piles on the sinister layers as only he can. 
best Of all the films Hithcock made, this is one of his absolute masterpieces. 
good Hitchcock has a deft touch with his actors producing characters in predicaments that are easy to empathize with. 
best Gripping all the way, this is a Hitchcock thriller in which, through happenstance, two men, completely different, are drawn inexorably together and toward an uncommon goal--murder. 
very_bad ...his basic premise of fear fired by menace is so thin and so utterly unconvincing that the story just does not stand. 
best This is movie-making on the grandest scale. 
best How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some. 
best This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge. 
best This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist. 
best It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time. 
best O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime. 
fair ...an overlong yet watchable epic... 
best Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic. 
best Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long. 
best [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics. 
best A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole. 
good The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence. 
best Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent. 
best It's a truly magnificent film. 
best For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict. 
good The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time. 
best Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring. 
best An epic achievement in filmmaking. 
best A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking. 
best A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe. 
good If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot. 
best Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more. 
very_good One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands. 
best Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition. 
best Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch. 
best ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close. 
best I am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen. 
best We remember the quiet, empty passages, the sun rising across the desert, the intricate lines traced by the wind in the sand. 
very_good This is a film for the ages. 
best At the center of Lean's superbly sun-drenched, 70mm canvas is Peter O'Toole's eccentric but magnificent portrayal of the erudite, Oxford-educated lieutenant. 
best There are great action scenes, and the photography by Lean regular Freddie Young is, I believe, is the best ever put on film. 
bad Dance to the cheesy '80s beat with tweens and up. 
terrible We all know a movie like this isn't appealing to anyone beside the folks who grew up during that time. And even they will be compelled to cringe at its mention... 
terrible It's a total wannabe in the realm of 80s teen flicks. 
good Classic '80 cheesiness -- a must 
bad Nostalgia forces me to like this. Yes I feel guilty! 
terrible Sarah Jessica Parker's embarrassing contribution to that much-studied genre known as the "'80s teen movie" 
very_bad Metter's "Girls" may just want to have fun but for the rest of us this concept is just wishful thinking. 
very_bad If you're going to base a movie on a song, why not choose a song that's, y'know, about something? 
fair It is a long, ambitious and shocking exercise that aims so high - and with such detached logic - that we are driven to watch on in the same manner that eyewitnesses watch on at a train wreck. 
terrible One thing I'll say for Showgirls, it's educational. But sadly, it isn't much else. 
good Intelligently made by a smart director in full command of his powers. 
good ...a bad film, borderline inept, with an anti-erotic toxic charge about it. It deserved all the mean things people said about it. 
very_bad Beneath the Vegas glitz beats the heart of a cheap B-movie porno in Showgirls, a movie that truly is so bad it's funny. 
terrible Even the grossest porn is more cheerfully sexual than this movie. 
best Showgirls is one of the most honest satires of recent years. 
terrible ...despite its rampant sexual material, it is not a sexy film. Dang, this thing couldn't get anything right. 
terrible Tasteless, tawdry, and guaranteed to leave you rolling in the aisles... the best bad filmmaking Hollywood has to offer. 
bad One of the most entertaining bad movies of all time. 
very_bad I'm in the "so bad it's bad" camp on this one. The nudity is nice. 
terrible Perhaps the worst movie of the year. 
terrible A film of thunderous oafishness that gives adult subject matter the kind of bad name it does not need or deserve. 
terrible Verhoeven, a Dutch filmmaker whose early works include the dazzlingly intelligent and anarchic The Fourth Man, has clearly lost his soul in Hollywood. 
terrible One of the worst films of the year. 
bad A waste of a perfectly good NC-17 rating. 
terrible Just plain awful. 
terrible Sloppy writing and wooden acting remove any sense of class from the production, and what's left is simply an excuse to watch topless dancing. 
terrible The story is so shabbily built that it can make no valid claim to motives other than the filmmakers' mercenary desires to cash in on the public's prurient interests. 
terrible Showgirls approximates the feeling of someone sleazy putting the make on you. Its brand of sexual harassment makes you feel dirty and not at all flattered. 
fair [The script] is as hoary as it is whore-y, whipping out every backstage cliche as he recycles his Flashdance plot into Trashdance. 
very_bad Think of Flashdance but with an unappealing leading lady playing a woman whose fierce ambition is to do something not admirable, just ridiculous. 
bad Showgirls is fun, pure and simple, as long as you don't take any of it seriously. 
good Very funny and genuinely insightful family movie. 
bad There's something even more hard-to-take than a cherubic tot trying his or her darndest to be adorable: it's an ugly kid acting annoying. 
very_bad ...boring and slow and unfunny and a waste of Bruce Willis' time. 
bad This is obviously a blowoff role for Willis; apart from a few frantic scenes where he thinks he's crazy, he appears to be reading lines in his sleep. 
good Si el nio que alguna vez fuimos nos preguntara qu es lo ms importante que hemos aprendido en nuestra vida, qu responderamos? 
bad Seldom does one find a film that meets expectations so thoroughly. 
very_bad Too bad infamously awful director Jon Instinct Turteltaub is at the helm. 
terrible Why am I sick to my stomach? 
bad Nothing is very believable in the film. 
bad Screams out for that special, gentle touch, and the filmmakers sadly never realize it. Or maybe they just didn't care. 
bad So eager to please it ends up falling all over itself, The Kid could have used the more evenhanded touch Wells displayed in directing Guinevere. 
bad A charmless, predictable picture. 
very_bad You'll laugh, you'll cry, but when it's over you'll feel guilty about it. 
bad Simple, paint-by-number feelings. 
fair It could have been worse -- much worse. 
good A strong film with a big heart. 
very_bad Disney's The Kid has a very strong chance at being a 'surprise hit.' 
bad For all its obviously commercial push, this is a movie of intermittent pleasant surprises. 
fair More of an adult movie which kids might like, than visa versa. 
good Only the hardest heats will refuse to be warmed. 
good Warm-hearted and effective. 
bad It is more than likely that many adults will also see a bit of themselves in the Willis character. 
good No es apta para personas amargadas o resentidas con la vida, sino parta aquellos que tienen corazon de pollo y alma de nino 
fair Has reasonable appeal for adults who had to give up their own dreams. 
terrible A charmless, saccharine sitcom. 
bad The characters don't act like real people. 
good Wonderful family entertainment. 
fair Jon Turteltaub pilots a moving story. 
good The Kid is a delightful, innocuous family film, one that kids will enjoy as well as adults. 
fair By rights The Kid should be dreadful. Surprisingly enough, it often soars to heights of not bad. 
very_bad Em vez de perder tempo com este filme, assista ao otimo O General, inspirado no mesmo personagem, e veja o contraste entre o irlandes real (Gleeson) e o falso (Spacey). 
terrible (It) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent, but Spacey's. 
bad The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments. 
terrible I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent, and that's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing. 
terrible Technically and artistically inept. 
very_bad Middling Cinema Paradiso magic realism turned lifeless by abundant treacle and a literal approach to his lightly surreal material. 
fair Little Acuna gives a sweetly unaffected performance as the beleaguered child, and his transformation from a joyless paperboy with no future to a prematurely burdened child for whom education may lead to a better life is touching. 
bad Sweet but not especially original. 
very_bad It sounds churlish to bash a film that's as bereft of bad thoughts as a tiny puppy. But when the puppy licks your face for 108 minutes, enough's enough. 
bad An uplifting and heartening Uruguayan film about a poor and kind boy whose life is transformed during the 40 days of carnival. 
good Satyajit Ray's study of the destructive power of superstition is typically compassionate; there are no easy villains. Intelligent and moving. 
good Ray shows compassion and insight, telling the story in a subdued but fascinating manner. 
bad Lacks the enraptured rhythms of The Apu Trilogy, but engrossing all the same. 
good It's a film that bears all the hallmarks of Ray's best work: gracefulness, exquisite pacing and composition, love for his characters and a deep regard for the power of silence to tell a story. 
good A constantly dark, absorbing and personal turn on the mob genre. 
good Danny Kaye has some hilarious moments. 
bad If you can stand Kaye (oh for a tranquilizer gun!), this one's not bad. 
fair A mess with moments of transcendence, suggesting that [director] Lee has talent. But she needs to learn how to get out of her own way. 
bad Is it dumb? You bet. Is it funny? Sporadically. 
terrible An inane, painfully unfunny comedy. 
good Screw you guys, I'm not going home...until the movie's over, that is. 
bad There's plenty of ammunition for a satire of pro sports -- and BASEketball isn't it. 
good I have a terrible confession to make: I laughed myself silly at BASEketball. 
good A grand slam! 
fair The kind of flick that serves itself up as the object of its own satire. 
terrible If you're old enough to see this movie without a parent or guardian and all that sounds encouraging, this review has failed, and failed badly. 
terrible Degenerates into a tedious series of unamusing and rather forced gross-out gags. 
fair The chief problem is this film is too much in love with itself, too much in awe at what they can get away with. 
bad This one went wrong somehwere, and is just gross, dumb and insulting. 
terrible BASEketball is a dog of a movie and that anyone paying to see it is hurting for a life. But then, you knew that. 
good Sadly neglected, high-gag comedy from the South Park lads. 
fair It's filled with solid comic performances, equally effective as both physical and verbal buffoonery. 
bad Sick, twisted, and very funny, Parker and Stone have arrived. Again. 
bad Sadly underrated. 
bad Sophomoric comedy barely curves a few laughs over home plate, pops up a lot of corny and repetitive jokes, but hits a homerun for originality and strong performances. 
fair This movie is downright damn silly, and it's funny...all the way through to the other side. 
bad Strange as it may seem, David Zucker ends up being the steadying influence which reins in Parker and Stone. 
very_bad It's not very funny and tries to buy laughs with puerile shocks. 
bad In the end, the surprisingly funny, though vulgar, energy of the first 30 minutes, is traded for distracted and unfocused vulgarity, without the inspired lampoonery. 
very_bad The idea of creating a loose plot outline and costly sets just so two goofballs can clown around and improvise onscreen might sound fun if you're the two goofballs. But it's a chore if you're a member of the audience. 
bad The comedy sets up some very big targets -- the commercialization of sport, crass franchise owners, sentimental idolatry of players, exploitation of foreign workers by superstar merchandisers -- and then lobs tiny spitballs at them. 
fair [A] funny, gleefully offensive spoof of professional sports. 
terrible Chega a impressionar que, em meio a tantos elementos desastrosos, a atuacao de Eliza Dushku (que tambem co-produziu o longa) seja inegavelmente a pior coisa do filme. 
bad The Alphabet Killer suffers from the same symptoms as Passengers: both have an unintentionally feeble-minded character who lazily investigates a mystery while the plot itself seems dull and poorly developed. 
bad Although Schmidt and Malloy have devoted meticulous attention to Megan's manhunt, which is engrossing and briskly paced for the better part of 85 minutes, their final act seems less like a canny trick than a copout. 
bad [Eliza Dushku's] commitment to the material is worthier than the cheesy ghost effects of decomposing children that the filmmakers felt the need to add. 
very_bad It's too bad there was no way around the story's inherent deficit since this effectively unsettling film, directed by Rob Schmidt, chugs along quite well for a while. 
best Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job? 
fair The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues. 
best As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless. 
good Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies" 
very_bad The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded. 
good Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little. 
very_good It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style. 
very_bad Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values. 
good Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up. 
good 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy. 
fair The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison. 
good Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel. 
best Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff. 
bad Average animated action tale features troubled superheroes. 
very_bad It's too violent for younger viewers, but not mature enough for older ones. It's a movie trapped in between target audiences. 
bad It's impossible not to root for these driven, high-spirited participants - and for the longevity of this invaluable program. 
fair The real stars here are the kids themselves - all chasing after a small shiny statue, and a much larger dream. 
bad Director Alex Rotaru could have focused more; three or four really compelling stories are scattered among a handful of others. 
bad An inspiring, if too short and overcrowded, examination of the competition among high schools at the 90th annual Drama Teachers Association of Southern California Shakespeare Festival. 
bad Rotaru breaks no new ground, but he doesn't have to. 
very_bad Unless you really dig Glee-level displays of high-school drama geekery, you and your date may want to quickly exeunt. 
good The hardest thing about watching this movie is realizing that some of the kids you come to like so much, and their teams who've worked so hard, are going to lose the competition 
good Glee in iambic pentameter 
very_good ...fun, shamelessly heart-wrenching. 
good Shakespeare High follows promising young actors doing their damnedest to make old Bill Shakespeare their own. 
bad It's a slick and reassuring follow-up, if a naggingly superficial one... 
bad A surprisingly optimistic progress report. 
very_bad Following up his 2006's Who Killed The Electric Car, film-maker Chris Paine has a more difficult task here. 
bad Does Paine owe capitalism an apology? The market for electric cars was there, after all, and electric cars finally came along. 
bad I await the next, more adjusting swing of the roundabout for Paine and volt-powered automotion: perhaps, The Electric Car Settles into a Median State Equidistant Between Success and Failure. 
bad The techie stuff is light and the mood mostly optimistic, which makes for a slightly bland experience. 
good Here's a rarity: an environmentally themed documentary that's got a positive story to tell. 
very_bad There were high hopes of a warts-and-all follow-up to Paine's first film exposing the big guns of automotive, but it hasn't materialised. 
very_bad The resulting puff-piece is a warning to crusading filmmakers about what happens after they've beaten the system. 
bad This is more superficial rah-rah than investigation. I'm sure it serves its ideological purpose, but as a documentary, it's uninspired. 
good "Revenge of the Electric Car" lacks the urgency of "Who Killed the Electric Car?" But Paine's thorough knowledge of his subject, and engaging way with an interview, make the follow-up film a fun ride. 
bad As filmmaking goes, Paine's follow-up is a dud. 
good If you thought you'd never mist up at a nonfiction movie about plug-in autos, you're in for a surprise. This is a surprisingly emotional trip, and a very enjoyable one. 
fair I doubt "Revenge of the Electric Car" will change any minds, but I could see it shifting them slightly, and that's not nothing. 
good The first film was charged with drama. "Revenge" is somewhat anticlimactically charged with a wall plug. 
good The movie is interesting now and, given its subject, should even be more interesting in about a hundred years. Stick around. 
fair More hopeful but also more complex and lacking the focused urgency of the original. 
very_bad Ultimately, "Revenge of the Electric Car" is like meeting with an overeager salesman. In real life, that's not necessarily an unpleasant experience, but it also doesn't last 90 minutes. 
bad An entertaining look at the auto industry's about-face on electric cars, but a movie that could have dug deeper, especially in a political climate where one of two parties wears as a badge of honor their continued rejection of climate science. 
fair Chalk this up with The Godfather Part II and The Empire Strikes Back as one of the few sequels that's better than the original. 
fair Wall Street might want to take notice of how quickly tides can change. 
good This is still the kind of film that's probably most necessary if movies hope to play any kind of part in our cultural rehab. 
terrible Saying electric cars are "zero emission" is about as truthful as saying you don't have to kill a cow when you buy a hamburger. 
fair In the end, "Revenge of the Electric Car" is a slick, enjoyable valentine to a retooling industry. This optimistic film lacks the outrage of the earlier work, but that's O.K. A movement needs its triumphs too. 
very_bad Anybody throwing the word revenge around right now is being a tad premature. 
good Given Paine's penchant for B-movie-sounding titles, let's hope he gets to make it a trilogy that concludes with The Electric Car Lives! 
fair Through the carnage and all-but-shattered dreams, Revenge of the Electric Car still manages a hopeful note, with a healthy IPO by Volt and a faster-than-expected recovery by GM. 
bad It's a more linear and coherent work than its predecessor, but it lacks the passion and fury that made that film seem so urgent. Maybe that's just an indication of how the paradigm has shifted. 
bad Too many important questions are never addressed, or even asked, presumably to protect corporate secrets. 
fair An important subject with mass appeal. Read my full review. 
bad I've got a fever, and the only prescription is... more Corey? 
very_bad Fans of disembowelment and tits--and c'mon, who isn't?--have reason to check out this "Uncut" version. 
terrible ... derivative. Sadly, the movie we really wanted to see is only hinted at... about thirty seconds into the credits. 
terrible Precisely the cheap-end, cash-grab non-movie I expected it to be. This is insultingly bad. 
terrible It's ridiculous that Warner made this movie, especially because it's obvious that it was made to cash in on the film's title. This in no way shape or form is a LOST BOYS movie, other than the fact that Corey Feldman and Corey Haim cameo... 
good It's an effective bit of Hammer horror, boasting the expected atmospherics, period trappings, literary conceits and, yes, buxom beauties. 
good Perhaps Hammer's most effectively horrific Dracula movie. 
bad Another Hammer vampire flick. About average for the series. 
fair Megan Is Missing is entirely convinced of the terrors that lurk online and by the time it comes to its chilling conclusion most of its viewers will be as well. 
bad Well-acted with a compelling concept, but shallow and less than the sum of its parts. 
good Credit co-stars Douglas Smith and Zoe Kravitz for generating just the right chemistry as endearing oddballs to turn this quirky coming-of-age adventure into an appealing romantic romp. 
bad Too much of this film feels like a half-baked Saturday Night Live skit stretched to the fraying point. 
bad It has inventive ideas in the setup of her fishy tale. But the story doesn't do enough with them, and, for a large stretch, flops along like a landlocked fish gasping for air. 
bad The Boy Who Smells Like Fish is an amusing slant on the coming-of-age film that hits occasional false moments but never wears out its welcome. 
fair ...the film can often come across as disorienting and uneven. 
very_bad CHILD 44 is a thriller with no thrills. It's too long, too dreary, and too overly serious. 
bad In the end, the film lacks an imagination, and that unfortunately winds up dragging it through the mud. 
fair Child 44 is not a bad crime-thriller, but it could have been way better, especially given the talent involved. 
bad Forbidding and forgettable, this plodding adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's suspenseful thriller just doesn't translate onto the big screen. 
good I'm going against the current on Daniel Espinosa's Child 44 by simply not hating it, but I'll go further and say it's actually good -- with qualifications. 
very_bad Child 44 arrives in cinemas with the kind of dull thud befitting a novel of door-stopper weightiness rather than a work endowed with soaring prose and considerable storytelling prowess. 
very_bad Ambitious to a fault, this is a slightly serviceable story of murder that features strong performances, but little more than that. 
terrible An oppressively boring, unappealing and often incomprehensible misfire. 
bad The movie hints at a riveting story but is incapable of delivering it. 
terrible Hardy is very odd, as usual. 
very_bad The story is a confusing bore that leads achingly slowly to a solution as perfunctory as it is implausible. 
very_bad Child 44 never knows what it wants to be: a mystery or an uninspired statement on dystopian governments. 
very_bad If the Russian accents from this non-Russian cast weren't grating enough, the convoluted and seedy story of Child 44 would be reason enough to pass on this one despite the usually reliable presence of Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace. 
very_bad Equally bloated and scatterbrained. 
good ...a tense thriller set in Soviet Russia in 1953...tightly directed with surprisingly good pace...fine performances, especially by Hardy, Rapace, and Oldman...exceptional dark and forbidding cinematography enhanced by understated music. 
very_bad A hopelessly muddled, po-faced and occasionally accidentally hilarious thriller set in Stalinist Russia. 
terrible Wouldn't know a "thrill" if it were plastered on a bottle of Stoli. 
very_bad Child 44 doesn't just lose the plot. It loses the point. 
very_bad In such a bleak and distorted world, it is perverse to try to tell a whodunit story with conventional heroes and villains -- and yet that is what this misguided and contradictory film attempts. 
good Tom Hardy rolls his Russian accent around his mouth like its a shot of vodka to be savoured. With his Soviet-issue brutalist haircut and shambling bear's gait, plus the accent as thick as borscht, he inhabits completely the part of Leo Demidov. 
bad The movie goes wildly off the rails chasing so many characters, subplots, and complications that you may find yourself zoning out. 
bad Child 44 grows in stature and suspense as it gains focus, eventually revealing itself as a murky depiction of desperately unjust, fearful times. 
bad Espinosa manages to engineer some standout moments and Hardy rises above his dodgy accent to deliver a cruelly believable portrait of a good man trapped between a hammer and sickle. 
very_bad [An] unrelentingly grim, plodding, and close-to-incoherent adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's best-selling mystery. 
very_bad Tom Hardy brings his robust, muscular presence to the role of Leo and he is watchable enough, but the forensic and psychological aspects are just dull; there is no fascination in the detection process. 
very_bad Child 44 has strong actors, solid production values, and good intentions. But it mixes too many plot threads and ends up telling none of them particularly well. 
bad The usual serial-killer thriller in Soviet drag. 
very_bad Ultimately, what we have is a bloated, grim, underwhelming affair, which is unfortunate - because the movie starts out with a lot going for it. 
very_bad Everyone overacts, leaning heavily on moments of unexpected shouting, with Hardy taking bottom honors. 
very_bad A muddled, mumbling thriller that never gets us in an iron grip. 
bad an exercise in empty histrionics. 
bad When it finally gets going, it becomes gloweringly compelling ... 
fair Child 44 could have been far more compelling had it dug deeper into its political thriller layers and not drifted into yet another story of a diabolical killer on the loose. 
very_bad A mediocre, generic production that does little to inspire. 
bad Tom Hardy is characteristically compelling as Leo Demidov, a runaway orphan-turned-WW2 soldier transformed into a war hero by his role in the Battle of Berlin. 
very_bad Just say nyet. 
bad Despite gritty atmosphere and a sometimes smart script by the estimable Richard Price, whose credits include "The Wire," "Child 44" can't sort out the basics. 
terrible The film is at once devoted to corroborating and casting an exaggerated light on Soviet paranoia and the state's rhetoric of unmasking its enemies. 
very_bad It shouldn't be possible to make a movie this bad with a cast this good. 
bad Gets lost in a meandering, overly-complicated narrative that often loses sight of the story it's trying to get across. 
very_bad If 'Child 44' has any reason to exist it's so hungry Tom Hardy completists having something, anything else to chew on. 
terrible A Soviet-era slog through crime and corruption, painted in grim shades of muck, blood, moss and bark, director Daniel Espinosa's "Child 44" turns a best-selling period-piece procedural into a slow, tedious thriller almost totally devoid of thrills. 
terrible Thanks to a feeble script, bland direction and - God, why? - those impenetrable accents, no one emerges from this fiasco with much dignity. 
good Hardy is immaculate as Leo, from accent to demeanour. Now on his fourth film with Hardy, Oldman is a pleasure to watch, and even the smallest of roles have been carefully cast ... 
bad Hardy is excellent, his mix of strength and compassion giving genuine depth to a character who could simply have been a figurehead for the march of change. 
bad Tom Hardy is excellent in the lead role and director Daniel Espinosa crafts some brilliant individual scenes but the story gets a little bogged down with a surfeit of subplots. 
very_bad Very sordid and unexpectedly dull; adults only. 
good Unpleasant to view but ultimately satisfying. 
good Bolstered by its fiercely assured script and direction, Wonderland's cast soars, with Kilmer perhaps doing his career-best work. 
good It's an in-your-face and exhausting portrayal of life gone bad, played out by a cast of actors all on the top of their game. 
bad Wonderland remains too subjective and doesn't probe deep enough. 
bad Nem mesmo o excepcional elenco consegue levar o espectador a conhecer um pouco melhor aqueles personagens. Ainda assim, o filme tem seus momentos. 
very_bad Wonderland is completely hollow and devoid of purpose... uncompelling, unorganized and unexciting. 
bad A few actors make momentary impressions, yet most are kept in the shadows, as hard to make out as this movie's ultimate intentions. 
very_bad Rarely has so much of so little consequence been so closely examined. 
bad To enjoy the narrative remixing, you have to cut through an awful lot of postproduction hooey. 
bad Sometimes Wonderland does make you wonder why you're wasting your time with these losers. But there's also a lot here that stays with you. 
fair She creates an affecting counterpoint to the hyper-charged insanity back at the Wonderland condo. 
bad The main interest here is the acting, which is, by turns, entertaining or just entertainingly bad, with lots of grungy seriousness and Method-trained twitching, but also some moments of real gusto. 
terrible Wonderland represents another low-rung on the downward descent of actor Val Kilmer. 
very_bad Too bad Kilmer's [strong] performance is in service to a lurid and repellent account of the 1981 Wonderland murders. 
bad Watching a movie about these wasted lives just made me feel like I was wasting mine for sitting through it. 
fair These were very bad people, but very good actors play them. 
good An engrossing, if harrowing, trip through the looking glass. 
fair We've frankly heard it all before. 
very_bad Not quite the second coming of Boogie Nights. 
terrible If for some reason you are fascinated by the Wonderland murders, look up the Rolling Stone article of 1989 that brought national attention to the gruesome case. Otherwise, your local cineplex has lots of choices with more redeeming social value. 
terrible Watching Wonderland is like being trapped in a reeking shed under a naked light bulb, morosely reading old tabloids that have lost their shock value. 
fair A movie that manages to make both sex and violence dull. 
bad Wonderland never gives us a single reason to care about any of these people. 
very_bad Along with their tickets to Wonderland, moviegoers should also be given a moist towelette. That way after the film they won't have to stand in line at the restroom to wash off the slime. 
very_bad For all Wonderland's kinetic energy, the mind wanders. 
bad True crime procedurals can have a certain fascination, but not when they're jumbled glimpses of what might or might not have happened involving a lot of empty people whose main claim to fame is that they're dead. 
bad Wonderland skips lightly along the sewers of human depravity as if the trip alone was worth the telling. 
good It all makes for an interesting look at infamy in the hands of the brash young Cox. 
very_bad A dry, forensic account, more suitable for a true-crime show on late-night cable. 
good Comparisons to Boogie Nights...may be inevitable. But Wonderland...is an absorbing and adroit (if not inventive), sobering and smart movie that is worth watching on its own merits. 
terrible The film reveals no great truths about human nature or drug abuse, the dialogue is witless, the acting unconstrained. 
terrible Although Wonderland isn't much of a movie, it is a parade of exceptional acting. 
terrible Wonderland aspires to the grisly poetry of a James Ellroy novella but only achieves the ugliness of an 8-mm loop. 
good Wonderland is fast and frenetic and so unvarnished that it can make you feel unclean watching it. 
bad While the Rashomon-like multiple versions of events are riveting, Cox's main misstep is to leave out real resonance. 
very_good Manages to move beyond its bloody rage by spinning a complex narrative that's one of the year's most compelling stories. 
good The movie has the hopped-up, sickening energy of a four-day drug binge, and it's as repellently fascinating as a pulp detective magazine. 
very_good Pure edge-of-your-seat material. It is a gripping and engrossing tale ... told with the exhilarating energy of a runaway freight train. 
bad This sketch of John Holmes only shows a part of his world. And to reduce him to one part -- well, that's to only continue the treatment he got his entire adult life. 
fair painstakingly teased out 
fair This is one of those movies that leaves you feel drained, and as if you have to take a shower after. 
bad An elusive but dazzlingly sleazy examination of addiction, selfishness, greed and self-destruction in the California sun. 
very_bad The murders themselves, apparently revenge for the robbery of a high-roller, were indeed messy. But they don't hold a candle to the disarray that is director and co-writer James Cox's film. 
very_bad Feverish and unfocused. 
good The best thing about the movie is Kilmer's charming, manipulative and utterly despicable interpretation of the legendarily endowed John Holmes. 
very_bad Don't waste the bucks. 
terrible Pointless movie. 
terrible More than a film flirting with unwatchable, the music video sexiness of Wonderland is dangerous. 
bad The Holmes story has fared better in a pair of documentaries. 
very_bad The high quality of most of the acting makes this otherwise pointless and indulgent movie at least watchable. 
very_bad Although it has a delectable cast, Wonderland skims over its seedy characters to glamorize drug addiction and the role porn star John C. Holmes had in four murders. 
bad The murder-mystery plot is told in rough-and-tumble style, full of sound and fury but signifying almost nothing in the end. 
fair Proves that John Holmes wasn't all about dingus; his other interests included drugs and sliminess. 
bad Piles on the narrative devices, sonic distortions and gritty images to the point where all you want to do is reach out and wipe away some of the mess so you can decide if there's anything worth seeing. 
very_bad Save for its basis in historical reality, there is little that is original in the visualizing of Wonderland's underbelly tour of compromised lives. 
good A compelling journey into the depths of hell on earth. 
bad ...Wonderland revels in sleaze and unpleasantness... 
bad ...sadly the film never achieves any rapport with the audience. 
bad ... character gets sacrificed for just another true-crime drama. 
bad Ultimately I found the film to be fairly compelling, mainly because of Kilmer's performance, but it does suffer a bit from the lack of focus that this style of storytelling often falls victim to. 
very_bad Cox seems to have zero vision telling a story that should be way more compelling than what we get here. 
fair Sadly Wonderland slips and clucks through its own artful delivery ultimately creating nothing more then a kinetic mess of a film with glimpses of genius 
very_good It hits you like a ton of dope 
best One of the filmmaker's most personal and finely detailed works. 
best Dickensian in its extravagant emotional power - with a hint of Charlotte Bronte - and some Chekhov in its melancholy. 
best Bergman at his most compelling, detailed and witty. An astonishing and deeply rewarding achievement. 
best An accomplished masterpiece, with excellent performances and rarely bettered direction. 
best An extraordinary drama about childhood and imagination as a passport out of dread and into mystery. 
best One of the Great Films by one of the Great Filmmakers. 
best A fitting introduction to the very personal cinema of this master craftsman, not only because it exhibits Bergman's signature themes and stylistic devices, but also because it is one of his most life-affirming films. 
best [Bergman] glides beyond the mere telling of his story into a kind of hypnotic series of events that have the clarity and fascination of dreams. Rarely have I felt so strongly during a movie that my mind had been shifted into a different kind of reality. 
best It is very much, and in the best way, an old man's movie, the work of an artist resigned to life's mystery, full of wonder at the passage of time, full of forgiveness for past wrongs, and full of understanding. 
very_good a rich and surprisingly peaceful coda to one of film's most illustrious careers. 
very_good A magical movie, Fanny and Alexander is likely to be the achievement for which Bergman will be most remembered. 
best A big, dark, beautiful, generous family chronicle, which touches on many of the themes from earlier films while introducing something that, in Bergman, might pass for serenity. 
good an enjoyably tense sci-fi horrorshow 
very_bad It feels like the longest, deathliest panto ever made -- and still it isn't over. 
fair Maybe Harry Potter could cast a magic spell over us before we see his new movie. 
fair Yates does a pretty good job with the heavy lifting, but there's not much poetry to this exercise that brings the story of the boy wizard one step closer to its conclusion. 
good Deathly Hallows is the first Harry Potter film that fully delivers on the promise of J.K. Rowling's works, expertly balancing a tricky and expansive narrative, along with quiet character moments and some rollicking action sequences. 
best As J.K. Rowling wove a conclusion as ominous as it was elegant in the final installment of the Potter series, so too has director David Yates in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows. 
very_good Sure, there are some rearranging and compressing of scenes and facts, but the two-and-a-half hour runtime for half a book allows screenwriter Steve Kloves and director David Yates the space to faithfully retell a really good story. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is beautifully shot with wonderful atmosphere and an appropriately dark tone, making it a very enjoyable experience. 
good The biggest plus of this film is that the story is brought out of Hogwarts and into a greater world. 
very_good Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "Empire Strikes Back" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them. 
terrible This penultimate entry in the series lacks the life and the imagination of its worthy predecessors. 
good It seems unfair to chide the entire film for one sagging act, so in the end, this first part gets a slight recommendation for its characters, art direction, and some thrills. 
very_good A terrific set-up to the final chapter of our favorite boy wizard's saga. 
very_good Far more emotionally complex and scary than any previous entry - Potter 7.1 is the franchise's best chapter yet. 
fair Fortunately, the good outweighs the mediocre, so in the end this is one of the better installments in the series. 
good No more professors, no more books; no more Potter's defiant looks. 
very_good The domineering final stretch of a story that has become as much popcorn distraction as old, reliable friend is shaping up to be part family reunion, part merciless slugfest. 
bad The magic is lost on the very young because of the films' even darker tone. 
very_good The saga of Harry Potter definitely heats up before it winds down. 
bad Probablemente la mejor de la serie desde El Prisionero de Azkaban (2004), HP7 es una pelicula de clima denso, oscuro y ominoso, excelentemente filmada. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I is the first entry of the franchise to really capture the essence of J.K. Rowling's masterworks. 
good Although it feels far too long, Yates and Kloves thankfully mix the dark drama with lighter comedy, allowing the characters to grow organically 
fair Potter stumbles at the finish line with tepid Hallows. 
very_good The trio has clearly advanced beyond the pure buddy stages of childhood. 
good Judging by this first half, this touchstone series is well on its way to getting the sendoff it deserves. 
very_good Yates has been building his version of this world for two movies now, and he rightfully doesn't let up. 
very_good Fulfills the promise of Brit TV director David Yates as the perfect Harry Potter director -- and quite possibly as a filmmaker to reckon with in general. 
good "Deathly Hallows" is a significant improvement over the slow and talky previous film 
fair Pretty artful, complex, compelling work for a film that technically doesn't have a beginning or end. 
good The grimness of Deathly Hallows replaces the lighthearted tone of the previous films ... how much of an improvement this is depends on how serious you thought the series should be. 
good Part 1 concludes with good and evil evenly balanced, both sides having suffered losses in pursuit of ultimate victory. 
good The decision to split it into two movies couldn't have paid off more. Yates finally has the time to spend with Harry, Ron, and Hermione that's he hasn't had lately, and the movie is 100 percent better for it. 
bad In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, the tone has completed its change. The initial innocence, playfulness, and fresh discovery of magic is long gone. Horror now prevails. 
bad A stop gap, not a movie. 
fair Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a damn fine piece of film - if I had the faintest idea what was going on in it, I might have enjoyed it even more. 
bad Has too many plot threads to follow in its willy-nilly efforts to set the stage for the real ending. 
good It may be the scariest, but it's also one of the strongest in the series. 
bad Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment. 
good It's not without its faults, but those glitches are largely irrelevant because it ticks all the boxes Potter-heads want to see ticked. 
good David Yates's third crack at the franchise goes to a dark, interesting place, even if the whole enterprise feels rather played-out, so last decade. 
bad On its own, it's the worst film in the series since the first two... I suspect it will wear well. It was never meant to be a stand-alone movie, after all. 
good A water-treading sequel with no emotional momentum ostensibly serving as a setup for next summer's grand finale 
good It's essentially a horror movie, set in the belly of the beast, almost literally: The film's not 10 minutes old before a giant constrictor opens its fanged jaws and swallows the camera lens -- and us -- whole, plunging the screen into darkness. 
bad If its total success can only be properly measured upon arrival of the conclusion in July, the fact that Part 1 makes that worth waiting for should be taken as some kind of victory. 
good While this Harry Potter is the most murky and forlorn so far, its most grave battle is the internal question between the corporate and creative types. We know why the seventh film was extricated into two, but should it really have been? 
bad Saved by a riveting first hour, excellent cast and beautiful production, a multitude of flaws in pacing, exposition and the strange point at which the film ends puts this chapter far from the best in the franchise. 
good the cleaving of Rowling's 759-page finale into two separate films ultimately benefits the material, allowing the filmmakers to take their time and keep as much of the story as possible while also maintaining a taut narrative pace 
bad The three main leads' deficient acting ability causes the movie to falter in the middle. The absence of the colorful supporting players to bolster enthusiasm is a crucial missing ingredient. The computer-generated special visual effects are... 
good Of all characters, Dobby (at one point the Jar Jar Binks of the Harry Potter World) steals the show. 
good The coasting comes in the middle of the movie, which is fortunate since it leaves the production with a vibrant opening act and a powerhouse final hour. 
good The best-looking and best-acted film in the series so far. Drags a bit in the middle act. Otherwise, a solid wind-up for the grand finale. 
good The genius of why this film, like the book, resonates so deeply is that Rowling has found the perfect junction of pure fantasy and real politics gone horribly wrong 
good This latest installment is almost Bressonian in its setup and execution. If nothing else, it's audacious. 
good Get ready for a long eight months, Potterites. 
bad full review at Movies for the Masses 
bad Although it represents a natural progression in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 will be a slog for those new to the Potter universe. 
good We might sometimes take the skills of Radcliffe, Grint and Watson for granted ... they deserve acclaim for keeping the continuity of their performances intact for a decade. 
good 'Part II' won't come until next summer so for now, if you have been a faithful follower, you won't bored at all with this installment, just a bit anxious for the next one. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is slower and stranger than any of the previous films, simultaneously raising hopes for a haunting finale while dimming hopes for a magical one. 
best By any measure, Deathly Hallows is a ripping thriller. 
fair ...what should have been great is merely good, a solid prequel to the proposed chaos to come. 
very_good Yates, Radcliffe and the rest of the Potter posse are giving fans exactly what they deserve -- a powerful denouement worthy of a boy wizard who has charmed the world for more than a dozen years. 
best 'When I say that HP7 is amazing, please understand that if it violated my love for the book, I'd be ripping it to shreds with my bare hands.' 
good The dark tone, the real sense of sacrifice, the strained relationships, and an ending that suggests that the good guys are utterly outmatched, combine to give this film stakes that feel like they matter. 
good Somewhat unevenly paced and lacks exposition, but there's no denying its stylish, exquisite production values. Avid Harry Potter fans will be captivated, thrilled and left drooling for Part 2. 
fair Penultimate installment mostly for lovers of the books 
bad All Yates has to do is coax decent performances out of his young charges and make sure the fantastical is a fair representaion of what happens in the books. 
good Harry Potter fans, your bittersweet moment is here. Fortunately, the sweet far outweighs the bitter. 
good Excellent, epic saga continues to get darker, more intense. 
very_bad Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow: Part 1 is bad on an epic scale. The worst film in the series. Period. 
bad A meandering, downbeat steppingstone to the Potter series' grand finale. 
good We get to see the characters raw and frayed - almost junkie-like - without the saccharine pill coating that usually helps us swallow the bad stuff happening in Harry Potter Land. 
very_good A very satisfying blend of mood and spectacle, action and character, wonder and fear. 
good Childhood things ...[are] set aside as our three heroes, now young adults, set off on their own like resistance fighters in a World War II movie. 
good The first part of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is everything fans should expect: It is brooding, a bit scary, action-packed, sentimental, dangerous and grand. 
very_good Who needs Hogwarts? 
fair The most disappointing of the series, but better than most movies out there. 
good Not surprisingly, "Part 1" feels like only half a film, but as this beloved series prepares to draw to a close, it is a mighty good start. 
good To the muggles among the critics who carp about this or that, this isn't for you. It's for those of us invested in this saga, and for whom July 2011 cannot come soon enough. 
very_good Readers expecting everything plus the kitchen sink - or, in this case, seven magical Horcruxes - should not be disappointed. 
fair The build-up to part two is a fine tease to the end of a franchise that has quickly started to feel like a chore. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows lacks warmth, whimsy, playfulness and hope. And that is precisely what makes it great. 
bad This really is a more grown-up affair, and very scary, whether with the Dark Lord's manipulation of his minions in Malfoy Manor, or in Bathilda Bagshot's reptilian stare. 
very_good It's a film of great courage and artistry, a movie ostensibly for children that's also worthy of them. 
good There are a number of touches that aren't just magical but also deeply moving. 
fair This one is a long, archetypal journey that screeches to a halt a few stops short of its destination. 
good This is a Harry Potter film that functions as a dark, emotional character study more than a fun adventure, which will be disconcerting for some. But if you love these characters, as many of us do, you'll find a lot to admire. 
very_bad Despite its enormous popularity and commercial success, the Harry Potter saga seems destined to be remembered as never quite adding up to the sum of its parts. 
bad If the film's main job was to whet the appetite for the next one, it does that well. 
bad Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1" delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun. 
good Radcliffe, Watson and Grint, having literally grown up in their characters, are ready for their close-up. They earned it, they deserve it and they nailed it. 
good For the first time, their coming-of-age journey outshines the special effects. 
very_good Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best installment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost. 
best Reclamar da "lentidao" da narrativa seria apenas um atestado da mais absoluta incapacidade de compreender as necessidades do projeto, exigindo acao inconsequente de uma obra mais preocupada em retratar o desgaste de seus protagonistas. 
bad The three young wizards on a quest that will test their loyalties, courage, and magical abilities to the max. 
fair I'm certainly ready to see the final entry in the series just to see how it all ends - not that years of spoilers haven't already ruined that for me - but HP7.1 hardly packs in a finale to send you home salivating for 7.2. 
fair Deathly Hallows I actually manages to be involving and kind of artful about the boredom and loneliness of heroism. 
fair The truth is that this film is mostly plain work, done by rote, like any introductory potions class. The real fun -- and thrills and tears -- come next year. 
fair There's nothing inherently wrong with his initial adaptation of J.K. Rowling's seventh and final novel except for the fact that it ends with the best parts of the story yet to be told. 
fair At 146 minutes, "Part 1" is like a director's cut or a DVD filled with bonus materials that expands to fill the available space through dilution. 
very_bad ... dreary, murky and cheap ... 
fair Warner Bros. had no choice but to split the final installment in the Harry Potter series into two parts, but doing so leaves an unsatisfying feeling when the credits roll. 
fair Like a virgin's padded bra, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I is all tease, zero payoff. 
good Easily the best Potter film since 'Azkaban.' The cinematography is beautiful, the magic is fun and the characters are deep. Did Peter Jackson direct the middle section? 
fair The upside of this, one supposes, is that when Part 2 comes out next year it will be nonstop excitement. We've already endured the iffy parts. 
very_good The best of the franchise to date, a satisfying, appetite-whetting setup for the series finale. 
good 'Deathly Hallows' is a true epic, one can only wonder how massive the second half will be. 
very_good This is a three-jumps-out-of-your-seat thriller -- a road movie minus Bob and Bing, a gray-hued travelogue through the shoddy side England, Scotland and Wales -- bog, moor and power plants. 
very_good Even though it ends in the middle, Deathly Hallows: Part 1 finds notes of anxious suspense and grave emotion to send its characters, and its fans, into the last round. 
fair If in past Potters -- especially the early ones -- Radcliffe, Watson and Grint were wisely surrounded by one acting legend after another, here they're called on to shoulder the story on their own. 
bad Alas, as directed by the returning David Yates, these big chase sequences are the usual compendium of ear-splitting noise and eye-glazing edits -- again, no magic required and none delivered. 
fair It's grim, funny in one sequence about shapeshifters, vivid in moments of violent action, nearly devoid of plot twists and marked by long patches where Harry, Ron and Hermione camp in the woods. 
very_good David Yates' fluid, fast-paced direction sends up the crackling tension of a thriller. 
good It's the closest the HP movies will get to a reserved character drama. My favorite parts are the tiny, dialogue-less character moments packed with emotional undercurrents. 
very_good Potter devotees will find much to admire in the movie directed by David Yates, although its sensibility is much closer to that of a horror movie than a traditional fantasy/adventure. 
bad Rowling's flaws as a storyteller are much more evident in this film than in previous installments. 
good For those who have felt their emotional investment flourish over the course of six films, indulging extra attention to details is a pleasure. 
good Gone are the sweet hijinks at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as any "hey, look at me!" magical inventions; Deathly Hallows is all business -- taut, fraught, and fearsome. 
fair The filmmakers...adapt Rowling's tale with as much fidelity as their budget, effects crew, production designers, actors, and common sense will allow. 
good Drags a bit in the second act, but it's a solid buildup to the final chapter in this legendary franchise. 
good Ominous and downbeat but a compelling, visual treat, this certainly whets our appetite for next year's big finale. 
good The seventh "Harry Potter" movie asks the most of its audience thus far, and returns the least. If you're not a fan and know nothing of the characters, the film will be a difficult slog. Those bought into the franchise will be appropriately enthralled. 
bad The film plays more like an extended prologue than a story in its own right. But some stunning set pieces and a beautiful animated segment redeem things considerably. 
good Basically, you'll love it if you love Potter and you'll hate if you hate Potter, but if you're just looking for some fun in the theaters you can do far, far, far, far, far worse than Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. 
good The movie builds erratically to the moment when the end credits start rolling. After sacrificing nearly 2 1/2 hours to this movie, there's a sense that more is deserved. 
very_good For those caught up in the "Potter" world -- and surely anyone who isn't dropped out of this franchise long ago -- "Deathly Hallows" is immensely satisfying. 
good Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 features some of the strongest, most beautifully realized moments in all of the series. In other respects, it is one of the most fundamentally problematic entries. 
very_good Kloves brings Rowling's world to life, engrossing you in the story and making your truly care about these characters. 
bad As setup for the long-awaited climax, Part 1 does its job, and manages to take time for some meaningful emotional moments along the way. 
good The final book ... has been cleft in twain ... a move that is both cruel and absolutely necessary. Some will argue that the resulting product is merely half a film, and they'd be right. It's also one-eighth of the full story, so why start complaining now? 
good Half of the final story, yes, but a beautifully paced film that lingers in the dark magical world as Harry, Ron & Hermoine find themselves in a self imposed exile in search of the fragments of Voldemort's soul. 
fair I'd be lying if I said I'm not eager to see how everything turns out. 
very_bad If you haven't read the book, do so. This is the first 150 minutes of the final novel adaptation (part two next spring) and to me it was virtual gobbledegook. 
good Deathly Hallows: Part 1 begins in eerie, chilling darkness and things don't let up from there, as director Yates crafts a truly terrifying spell over the Potter-verse. 
good Like Alfonso Cuaron, who made Azkaban, Yates and his crew are as visually descriptive as Rowling was with language. 
fair It's not a bad movie, but it is very much a transitional one, with Warner Bros. splitting J.K. Rowling's last installment in the "Potter" series into two films. 
good Much of the heavy lifting falls to Watson, and, in such moments as the one where she must wipe out her family's memories of her to protect them, she is more than up to the task. 
bad To be fair to Deathly Hallows, the filmmakers have tried hard to fill the proceedings with battles and chases and debilitating curses. Genuine filmmaking excitement, however, is harder to provide. 
good The high quality of the series remains. Returning director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves remain attentive as ever to Rowlings' holy text, and the mood is as magic as always. 
good When Warner Brothers announced that it planned to split the seventh, and final, installment of J.K. Rowling's wizarding septology into two separate films, I figured it was all about the money. Turns out it was all about the story. 
bad More like Harry Potter and the Torturous Moping. 
good David Yates better captures both the playful and solemn tones of J.K. Rowling's writing, making Harry's wildest and most dangerous journey also one of great adventure and growth. 
bad This series is really getting tired. The films of J.K. Rowling's mega-popular books were always handled with grim seriousness by the various directors assigned to them, but at least in the early films there was a sense of magic and originality. 
terrible The pervasive dark tone, the heavy-handed dialogue and the sloth-like pace of Deathly Hallows reflects the self-importance that has now overwhelmed the obligation to entertain. 
good It's easy to get lost in the rich, two-and-a-half hour installment, but it wraps up too abruptly. 
good While intriguing and action-packed, it's far more perilous, intense and realistic than previous installments. 
very_good A grim landscape for our heroes...So grim, in fact, that you may feel as if Harry, Ron and Hermione are the last survivors of an apocalyptic aftermath and Part II may be all the better for it. 
fair Fans will enjoy the dark, brooding, gorgeous penultimate film of one of the most solid genre series ever. Casual observers will likely be confused as hell or bored silly. 
good The first part of Deathly Hallows has plenty of invigorating imagery alongside the pro forma narrative elements. 
good I could watch this stuff all night, and practically did since the movie is so needlessly long. 
good The film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen. 
good I knew magic could be dark - there is plenty of that in Part 1 - but who knew it could also be so sad? 
good Equal parts action thriller, political parable, and multidimensional love story, Hallows feels sad and strong and true. 
good The story-within-the-story regarding the deathly hallows is visualized by way of shadow-puppet style animation, and the effect is quite beautiful. 
bad Potter's a plodder. This magician's either out of tricks or frustratingly saving them for next time. 
very_good There is suspense and action in this film, but there is also lots of room for emotion, and for the audience, a satisfying build up to next summer's grand finale. 
good This isn't a great movie viewed in isolation but it is near on the perfect adaptation of the prelude to this beloved story's conclusion. 
very_good I'm anxiously awaiting the next Harry Potter, and this is probably the only film series I can think of where each film is better than the last. 
good When a movie begins with the Warner Bros. logo crumbling in decay and ends with a defiled grave, you know you've experienced an evening of magic. 
bad Often just seems to be going round in very decreasing circles, chasing its own fairytale. 
bad If nothing else, this penultimate film does leave you anticipating how it will all turn out in the final film, which is a lot more than can be said about other comparative film franchises. 
bad Good enough, even for those of us who have no idea what's going on once the plot resorts to Potterbabble. 
bad The darker atmosphere and real-world locales makes this the most mature and humanistic entry to date, but it's hard not to miss the warmth and whimsy that has been left behind. 
very_good Deathly Hallows Part 1 is warm without being cloying; frightening without outstaying it's welcome, and it manages to prey on deep-seeded fears with remarkable proficiency. 
fair Yates has developed a distinctive visual style and there are some striking locations in this film, landscapes that have an almost dreamlike power. And the action has an abrupt kinetic impact. 
good On the evidence of this, his penultimate film, the teenage wizard is getting the send-off he deserves. 
fair An unfamiliar new setting does little to diminish the humour, heart and excitement of the Harry Potter franchise on form. 
bad A film with no beginning and no end but a whole lot of expository middle, this is the least satisfying instalment in the series since Chris Columbus folded up his director's chair. 
good Deathly Hallows: Part 1 definitely whets appetites for the final outing as it builds to a stunning climax tinged with sadness and anticipation about the inevitable battle between Harry and Voldemort which will conclude next year... 
good Darker and scarier than its predecessors, this is a fitting and enjoyable run-up to the action packed finale, though it might be a bit baffling if for some reason you haven't read the books or seen the previous films. 
bad Exposition heavy, Potter 7: Part One is an entertaining but flawed prelude to the real finale. 
fair Deathly Hallows - Part 1 isn't necessarily bad but it's more than a little disappointing. 
best This is a superb beginning to the end of a great British success story. You rejoice that they decided to forgo 3D. The Potter films don't need gimmicks to get our attention. 
bad The most memorable sequences in the film are not, for once, the action scenes but the acting ones. 
bad It's gripping alright, but ends all too abruptly. 
bad While it's by no means a bad Harry Potter movie, the overriding feeling is that it's an incomplete one. Here's hoping that Yates and his team put that right next summer. 
bad The first and third acts are over-busy; the middle one moves like an arthritic house-elf. Still, a decent smattering of magic moments and tension's pumped up sky-high. Bring on Part 2. 
good Your appetite will be whetted for what promises to be an almighty showdown before the curtain comes down on Harry Potter for good. 
good We have watched these three growing up and their performances have never been better -- particularly Grint, who gets the opportunity to do more than just play for laughs. 
very_bad It's hard to mourn the demise of a franchise that was never more than half-alive to begin with. 
best A towering achievement. Or rather, half of a towering achievement. 
bad The final story may well be colourful and complex, but, on this evidence, there's absolutely no artistic justification for a two-movie split. 
good Carey Mulligan announces herself as a major name to watch. 
fair Nick Hornby's screenplay is funny and sweet and 1000 percent English in that catnip-to-American-audiences way he's so good at already. 
good You could do a lot worse than spend 100 minutes with Ms. Mulligan. Movie fans, I give you a woman worth educating yourself on. 
good Humility, that most educational of human qualities, is earned and wisdom is gained, making An Education not only an entertaining picture, but an enlightening one as well. 
very_bad ... attempts to impress audiences with its worldliness, but it comes off instead as an awkward, unformed teen fantasy run amok. 
very_good An unusually nuanced and mature depiction of one of those hoary movie fantasies: the older man who gets the much, much younger woman. 
good It's not a perfect movie, but it is an enjoyable one. 
fair [Mulligan] brightens what could be considered a common lesson in youth vs. maturity, and makes it one worth sharing. 
good Carey Mulligan deserves serious Oscar consideration for her work in An Education. 
very_good It was hard to watch Jenny fall so easily to chaotic neutral David, but it was deliriously romantic as well. He wears down our resistance and we fall for him too. 
good As a fan of the great kitchen-sink dramas and British coming-of-age films of the 1960s, I loved this throwback to that glorious time in British filmmaking. 
good The film's greatest strength may well be how Sarsgaard's David, in concert with Hornby and Scherfig, seduces the audience along with Jenny, promising the world and leaving temptingly unlocked a Pandora's Box of social ambiguity. 
very_good In a film marked by strong performances Carey Mulligan is a show-stealer, with a career-making performance that relies as much on charm as on acting ability. 
bad full review at Movies for the Masses 
very_good Here, you see a family collectively come to appreciate the strength of a heart scarred over and the blossoming of a woman (and actress Carey Mulligan) who learns that pie-in-the-sky predictions for a future can sock even the most sensible among us. 
good Scherfig transmits lessons of morality and irony in a well cast and produced ensemble piece. 
very_good The screenplay by author Nick Hornby is exceptional: Witty, observant and wise. 
bad An Education souleve plusieurs questions pertinentes sur les rudiments de la vie et de l'amour, sans toutefois reussir a repondre a chacune d'entre elles. 
best Mulligan completely owns "An Education," giving one of the most self-assured breakout performances in years. And the best thing is that the movie, an elegant and sharply observed coming-of-age story, measures up to her performance. 
very_good In what is her first but certainly not last starring role, Mulligan is so natural that you wonder why it took filmmakers so long to give her a role this substantive. The 20-something is sure to be on the mind of Oscar and other awards voters. 
good "An Education" is worth seeing, mostly for its superb period detail and the strong performance at its center. 
very_good Scherfig and Hornby have a winningly droll sense of humor, but the main reason to see An Education is because they treat viewers as if they were as intelligent as Jenny. 
very_good Coming-of-age movies are a dime-a-dozen, but one as exemplary as An Education deserves nothing less than the opportunity to command top dollar on the open market. 
very_good This cinematic gem is an ironclad lock to be nominated for best picture of the year. 
very_good The message proves surprisingly conventional, but its delivery is entirely pleasurable. 
good A handsomely crafted and beautifully acted awakening story that's predictable but consistently rewarding. 
very_good ...about the British preoccupation with status, about the aspirant bourgeois and the outliers who exist beyond convention, in a moveable feast of booze, sex and petty criminality. 
very_good Mulligan perfectly balances on the line of girlhood and womanhood, shifting naturally from schoolgirl innocence to Audrey Hepburn-like sophistication just by putting up her hair. 
very_good A good deal of this works because of Mulligan, who deserves every accolade and Audrey Hepburn comparison she's received for her performance. 
very_good ...a complex and morally ambiguous story which rewards the audience's attention without resorting to pushing their buttons. 
good Everything about Scherfig's coming-of-age story about a girl in the London suburb of Twickenham in 1961 is spot-on. 
best The combination of a literate script, an adroit cast and an economical style is simple addition that achieves an alchemical feat: the best film of the year. 
good An Education offers plenty to enjoy and admire. It's full of first-rate performances. 
very_good This film is carried on the slender shoulders of Mulligan, a 22-year-old actress who captures both the child and the woman, creating an indelible performance we can't easily forget. 
very_good A love story that simultaneously left me speechless and with a mouth full of words. Mulligan's performance is the best I have seen from an actress in 2009. 
good A beguiling little film that, with deceptive restraint and forthrightness, opens up worlds of roiling, contradictory emotions. 
best Many have come close, but An Education is the first film this year to grab me by the lapel and whisk me along with its characters... 
best The movie belongs to Mulligan, whose Jenny looks like Audrey Hepburn when she puts her hair up and dons a black dress, and like every teenage girl who's had her heart broken when she cries. 
good Simultaneously an education and a thrill. 
good Scherfig and Hornby craft a portrait of an era whose innocence is overstated without resorting to sepia tinged nostalgia. The result is a snapshot of how we become who we become, as a vibrant and affectionate act of memory. 
very_good An Education argues that life -- and the human heart -- are far too complicated merely to be studied. They need to be experienced. 
very_good An Education is just what the title promises, and a delight, as well. 
good A resonant coming-of-age story, at once tough and delicate, that signifies how much times have changed in the proceeding fifty years, and, in other ways, how much they have stayed the same. 
good A slightly incomplete, though mostly rewarding, education. 
very_good Technical elements are among the best this year. Photography, editing, music, production design, and costumes all add seamless period flavor to the puritanical stew that was London almost a half-century ago. 
very_good t gives a glimmering surface sheen to the glamorous mirage of David's high life and all but asks, "Would you make a better choice?" 
bad A decent but unremarkable film with a big, unforgettable central performance. Carey Mulligan passes with First-Class Honours. 
good Danish director Scherfig and star Mulligan give the film considerable weight by surrounding this lightly played, strange romance with both an acute understanding of Barber's endearing screen alter ego. 
very_good It'll be a strange person who doesn't find An Education entertaining, and a stranger man still who denies it the success it's sure to enjoy. 
best This is a wonderful, life-affirming picture that deserves all the prizes it will undoubtedly win. I can't call it the best British film of the year because it's still only October. But I'd be amazed if a better one comes along. 
good A sad, painful comedy, and the lovely performance from Mulligan makes it a very enjoyable film. 
good A delightful, resonant film, a great advertisement for Scherfig's self-effacing, but socially probing, directorial style, and a beguiling introduction to Mulligan. 
good What began as a tale of innocence lost ends with a sense of exciting discovery. Because the lesson to take away from An Education is that a new star has been found. 
good What makes An Education so memorable is that it's a study of a teenage girl that looks beyond face value. 
good Much more than a simple cautionary tale, An Education captures the giddy hopes and fears of adolescence, and the dawn of the most transforming decade in recent memory. 
good The film's a gem - and [Carey Mulligan's] performance is an education in itself. 
good It sounds like a creepy tale of a teenage schoolgirl seduced by a pervert. But it's also one of this year's most captivating British dramas, with a breakthrough turn from an actress we'll be seeing a lot more of. 
good Few films set in this period get the social furniture so right, and it's a refreshingly new look at a time pregnant with expectation. 
best A hit movie that's small in scale, but big in heart - the most charming British film of the year. 
good Veteran journalist Lynn Barber's memoir of a teenage romance makes a pleasing transition to the big screen. Yet, while it's well acted and tautly paced, you never quite shake the feeling you're watching a two-parter on BBC2. 
best An Education is a brilliant learning curve - one of the best British films of the year. 
good Gymslip love is a tricky subject to deal with, but director Lone Scherfig and screenplay writer Nick Hornby should be commended for generally getting the moral tone right. 
good Mulligan has a sit-up-and-watch talent. 
good Nick Hornby's screenplay lays out the progress of their relationship, up to the point where David proposes marriage, with great economy and wit. 
good The skill of it is in allowing you to see not only how a girl's sense of herself might be hanging in the balance, but to feel how the values of an era can be drama personified. 
good In An Education a star is born. Carey Mulligan is simply beguiling. She has the wit and intelligence of a young Emma Thompson, the dazzle of Julie Christie, the fairytale enchantment of Audrey Hepburn. 
good Carey Mulligan is sensational. 
fair Scherfig wrangles everyone into beautifully natural characterisations that make the most of film's somewhat slight approach. 
good Destined to be remembered as "the first film you saw Carey Mulligan in". Cos she's ruddy wonderful. And delivers one of those rare performances that can't really be faulted. Bafta glory, in some shape or form, is all but guaranteed. 
very_good Carey Mulligan...allows us to observe and participate in something truly special %u2014 the birth of a major talent. 
good The sort of picture that's so effortlessly entertaining that its easy to praise it purely for its superb performances. 
best An Education is a vibrant portrait of England on the cusp of its postwar rebirth. 
good The 60s period detail is spot on, the script super-knowing. A wonderful surprise of a movie. 
very_good A great, thoroughly enjoyable film, and one which I`m sure will get some Oscar attention towards the end of the year. 
bad A standard-issue coming-of-age story done well enough and without distinction. 
good This is Mulligan's showcase, and she is a revelation, evolving from carefree sprite to self-assured woman, unbroken by heartache but shaped by it nonetheless. 
best An Education is, as the title suggests, about Jenny exploring her own desires and shortfalls, and it's too smart a film for easy answers. 
very_good The film is gentle with its judgments. Or most of them. 
best The point here is not to judge past missteps by modern standards, but rather to point out how easy it is to allow dreams to overtake reality. 
bad A nostalgic, rather equivocal study of the mid-20th-century British sea change in attitudes to sex, class and culture. 
best [Mulligan] makes the role luminous when it could have been sad or awkward. She has such lightness and grace, you're pretty sure this is the birth of a star. 
very_good The most extraordinary thing about this engaging, hysterical and deeply moving film is how natural this supposedly inappropriate relationship feels. 
very_good One of 2009's finest motion pictures -- an open and honest look at sexual politics and a woman's place in the world during the early1960s. 
good It's Carey Mulligan's ivy-league performance that really puts the film in a class all by itself. 
good An adult focus upon a questionable pairing sidesteps the raincoat crowd and offers a telling, reflective study of learning the hard way. 
best Hornby's humane and humorous screenplay is true to the film's title: In short order, young Jenny finds out important truths about identity, glamour and how adults really think and live. 
very_good A living, breathing, affectionate look at all the possibilities and pitfalls of growing up. 
best Sensitively directed by Lone Sherfig, with terrific performances by Mulligan, Sarsgaard, and Olivia Williams, this is one of the best films of the year. 
good A star may or may not be born in An Education, but an actress most surely is. 
fair The ending of the film is particularly poignant, and confirms the theme that, even if you make mistakes, they sometimes turn into memories you'll cherish forever. 
very_good Mulligan might well remind you of Audrey Hepburn more than 50 years ago in Roman Holiday. 
fair A striking yet strikingly conventional film. 
bad A fun production with a great soundtrack and scrumptious English scenery but the decisions are ultimately too dim to believe. 
very_good An engrossing, beautifully shot romantic drama that slightly rushed and contrived toward the end, but boasts a radiant, Oscar-worthy performance by Carey Mulligan. 
good Watch Mulligan's face as she goes from weary to awakened, and see it all come together. 
good It's a pleasure -- which I don't mean entirely as a compliment. 
fair The movie has a distinctively modulated tone. None of the period touches are overdone, and the central issue of Jenny and David's gaping age difference is never addressed by any of the characters -- as if to do so, in their world, would be boorish. 
very_good Despite the lingering aroma of Victorian rot shrouding 1961, An Education is excitingly young. 
very_good Through stellar performances, clever writing and exquisite cinematography, the story is fresh and thoroughly captivating. 
good An above average example of the coming-of-age genre. 
good Intelligent period drama tackles mature teen topics. 
very_good Invariably funny and inexpressibly moving. 
very_good Few people who walk out of this movie will be able to forget Carey Mulligan's Jenny ... finds many layers in the way it explores the world at that time. 
good An Education is the rare period piece that has a real heart beating underneath it. 
very_good A quiet miracle of a movie that quickly disabuses you of the idea that you've seen it all before. 
very_good A wonderful meditation on understanding life's many choices and hierarchies and deciding to abide or rebel...Mulligan's a lock for a Best Actress Oscar nod and just might win. 
bad purrs along like a finely-calibrated machine for its first two thirds 
good The first two acts are the best with the radiance of Mulligan's performance putting all eyes on her and subsequently seducing us into her discoveries. 
good Clever and engaging, the title serves as a double entendre about a transformative 'university of life' experience. 
good Even if the story gets derailed, the early part of the ride is such fun that you'll want to take the journey. 
very_bad Lone Scherfig directs it all as if it were a breezy lark, so a third-act tonal shift makes for an incongruous, excessively moralistic fit with everything that's preceded. 
good The emotional maturity of a sheltered teen in post-war austerity Britain is thoroughly tested in An Education. 
good ...the film's appeal ultimately lies in its irresistibly evocative visuals, Nick Hornby's snappy, clever dialogue, and, in particular, the splendid performances from an almost flawless cast... 
very_good Although we are talking age old themes here - first love, dodgy geezers, questions of class - the material is spectacularly well handled. 
good The fact that Jenny's flowering, her coming-of-age journey, serves as a metaphor for the times, adds another layer of richness to a peak cinematic experience. 
bad Even political foes agree here on today's parlous state of disagreement, leaving you keen to vote but feeling a little defeated already. 
fair As an election-season reminder that our democratic system isn't functioning, it serves as a welcome wake-up call. 
fair Feels more like an obligatory teen slasher than the previous films...but gets the job done. 
bad Though it is a slasher movie at all points, it's an atypically intelligent example of the form...a quantum leap better than its two immediate predecessors. 
good The best of the sequels to Carpenter's seminal slasher movie. 
bad One of the best chapters of the series...really novel 
very_bad Boy, this one's rich. 
terrible It seems the latest stage in some curious evolutionary pattern; the slasher species keeps proliferating and getting weaker at the same time. 
bad ...[Donald Pleasance's Dr. Loomis] doesn't once refer to Myers as "pure evil," though he does call him "evil on two legs" which is almost as good... 
very_bad And in the faint praise department: "Halloween 4" is just a little bit better than most of the sequels that followed. 
bad The first half of the film is better than any fourth sequel in a slasher flick franchise deserves to be. 
fair Of all the Halloween sequels, including the irrelevant and unwatchable Halloween III, Halloween 4 stands out as the best of a generally uninspired lot. 
best It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon. 
terrible This one comes close to Spielberg's Jaws...alphabetically, that is. 
bad More breathy outbursts from wronged lovers and strange pseudo-sexual and homoerotic encounters than a late-night soap opera, matched with a visual style that points to a level of artistry and invention that even western cinema struggles to match. 
bad Blindingly gorgeous to look at and exceptionally well acted, at least by the women. 
terrible A vaporous, watered-down frappe of a fantasy epic. 
good ...Cheaters is more than just movie-of-the-week fodder. 
good Strong debut from Australian writer-director Michael Henry. Tightly wound and nicely progressed, this impressive potboiler deserves a wider audience than its limited release pattern will afford it. 
bad It's essentially well acted, beautifully shot, and the script has enough propulsion to sustain its very modest eighty-eight minutes. 
very_bad Michael Henry's Blame clearly takes inspiration from the greats, and the writer/director certainly recognises the ingredients required for a taut psychological thriller, but he doesn't quite follow through in the execution. 
bad The menace is missing. What we get instead is much bumbling about in the bush. 
fair This is a local production that punches above its weight. 
bad There's nothing going on here that you haven't seen done before elsewhere and better, but there's still enough here that's fresh. 
very_bad ...Blame primarily comes off as a stagnant, irritatingly talky drama that ultimately feels like an abject exercise in needlessness. 
very_bad Composed of seven or eight other films you've already seen before. And not composed especially well. 
very_bad Lloyd Dobler and his pals at the Gas 'n Sip would have had a field day mocking a movie like The Factory. 
bad Features one of the more intriguing horror villains of the past year 
terrible Do the filmmakers think we're morons? We're certainly treated as such, right from the beginning. 
bad Compelling viewing because of the tight-lipped, bull-headed performance by John Travolta in a starring role. 
bad Effective enough as a thriller and an indictment of sexism in its most brutal form. 
very_bad No doubt about it, to divulge the plot would spoil the experience -- you'll be shocked to discover, and maybe even surprised to learn, just how lame the damn thing really is. 
bad Travolta is trying a little too hard here, and it shows. 
terrible This may be the most gratuitous film I've seen this year. 
bad You know that thin line between disturbing and morbid? The General's Daughter tramples it into dust. 
bad Despite moments of mounting suspense, the film suffers from stilted unevenness. 
bad ...the plot is too shifty, the conspiracy too exaggerated, and the ending too pat for sustained credibility. 
good Travolta wins hands down with his accent in a pleasingly intense performance that helps propel the story along. 
very_bad A middling, so-so thriller. 
terrible A cliche-ridden formula film! 
terrible The film, which, sadly, is no parody, has more plot holes than pot holes on an old country road! 
bad Everyone in this picture takes himself or herself far too seriously as if to prove that if you don't crack a smile or burst into laughter at the silliness of the plot, you must be a darn good actor. 
bad The whole thing is pretty routine and, at times, downright silly. 
fair Director Simon West seems to confuse visual stylishness with emotional resonance, moody lighting with genuinely malevolent atmosphere, and sanctimonious lip service with genuine concern. 
very_bad Few use the backdrop of gender inequality more awkwardly. 
good A consistently involving effort! 
fair Convoluted as some of the developments may be, the movie never loses its interest or atmosphere within the swampy, backwater Georgia town, and as summer popcorn-fare, it is unusually intelligent. 
good A Big Men Shouting movie that works. 
good West respectably stretches beyond slam-bang action theatrics. 
bad It may not be a great drama or a great whodunit, but it's certainly entertaining. 
terrible faulted scenes leave this decent and respectable story line nearly as overpowered and helpless as its own rape victim. 
bad There's a line at which a movie stops being about something nasty and becomes one more example of the nastiness it's supposedly condemning. 
bad If there's anything worse than a film that's just plain awful, it's one that should be good but doesn't turn out that way. 
bad The General's Daughter is an overheated thriller populated by actors who far outclass the material. 
very_bad A muddled mystery. 
fair It's built on excesses and implausibilities and no matter how busy it gets, these weaknesses remain painfully obvious. 
fair The General's Daughter is a well-made thriller with a lot of good acting. 
bad As a look inside the porn industry itself, it barely scratches the surface. 
fair An entertaining, adeptly crafted documentary that treats its provocative subject matter with refreshing respect. 
bad Whether Grecco, with his awestruck, sycophantic narrative style is really just doing this all tongue-in-cheek or ita(TM)s a legitimate attempt to get inside the industry is debatablea"but, for as far as it goes, it works. 
bad [Director Michael] Grecco comes across as a naive, wide-eyed kid in Wonderland, which might be sweet if it wasn't so obvious his real motivation is to make the audience feel good about buying his book. 
bad Mildly entertaining action movie with The Rock. 
fair I think you can smell what the Rock is cooking: a dish that'll fatten your head but pleasantly plump your gut. [Blu-ray] 
good If, like me, you dismissed The Rundown as just another stupid action vehicle for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson - get in the apology line behind me 
terrible It's Midnight Run with added insects but with only a twentieth of the humour and a hundredth of the charm. 
good It's slick, it's loud, and it's catalyzing--a gadfly of a film from a subversive filmmaker approaching the mainstream but not quite there yet. 
very_bad O diretor Peter Berg e sua equipe foram assaltados quando estiveram no Brasil a procura de locacoes. Pois bem: eles se vingaram - e este longa e a prova disto. 
good [L]ikely to cement The Rock's place at the top of the current action hero pile. 
fair A letdown, more marketing tool than movie. 
good It's a fun ride and a throwback to the kind of action movies that were popular in the 1980s, the days before ... special effects dominated every frame. 
bad [T]he plot and the characters and the action set pieces all have to be built around an action star. The Rundown... indicates that the Rock is ready to be that star. 
bad One of those failed adventure yarns in which the character interaction is forced to make up for other shortcomings. 
good The Rock is the action star of the new millennium, and his charismatic presence in The Rundown solidifies that. 
good A smart, fun actioner. 
very_bad Not a single character behaves with any logic at all, but at least they're colourful and energetic enough to keep our interest. 
fair It shows potential for a new franchise and a new star, or stars, in the genre. 
fair If you can smell what The Rock is cooking, then get a sensational whiff of his homemade cinematic snack known as the giddy and glossy executed The Rundown 
good The final action flick of the summer is in fact the best. 
best Far and away one of the most enjoyable, not to mention best-made, action comedies since the original Lethal Weapon. 
very_good Aided by a strong cast and a smart script, The Rock makes The Rundown one of this year's premiere action movies. 
bad What's fun about the film are its goofy sense of humor, wild and crazy stunts, and the cheerful willingness of The Rock to poke fun at himself. 
terrible The screenplay ... is the sort of mishmash of action-hero and mismatched buddy-movie cliches that makes obsessive action-film geeks, such as myself and the friend I attended the screening with, gnaw our lips off in sheer desperation. 
fair The fights almost make up for the excessively juvenile humor and a portrayal of Brazil that's as ridiculous as the depictions of Africa in old Tarzan movies. 
good The Rundown stomps about to its own nutty rhythm. Unlike the abysmal The Scorpion King, it's a movie that leaves you slaphappy, not slapping your forehead. 
good With a summer as full of action movies as this one, you wouldn't think there'd be room for one more, yet "The Rundown" manages to keep an air of freshness without doing anything terribly new. 
fair Within the context of the script's gradual decline, The Rundown's faults narrowly outweigh its virtues. 
good I've been placing all my money on Vin Diesel, but it's time to hedge my bets: The Rock is the action star for this generation. 
bad Shows The Rock's promise as an action star. A better director would have let him deliver on that promise. 
fair Passable entertainment that is notable primarily as The Rock's successful vehicle to action stardom. 
good The Rock's acting skills are treading water midway between the island of infinitesimal and the isthmus of immeasurable. 
terrible A black hole of nothingness that is not only hackneyed, but also mindnumbingly boring. 
fair There's no logical reason for The Rundown to be any good. But with The Rock's sure presence and Peter Berg's gonzo direction, it's anything but bad. 
good Puts similar movies to shame simply by bringing that infectiously goofy FUN back into what's generally known as the Mindless Action Flick. 
fair Whatever Scott drains from the picture, The Rock adds back in. He's a natural, a presence we take to immediately. 
good With surprising presence and quiet confidence, The Rock has cooked up a winner. 
very_good It adds up to prime stuff for us action junkies and admiration for the new guy in town, The Rock. 
bad If Arnold Schwarzenegger had made a movie this tepid in his Commando/Terminator heyday, burned fans would be suggesting that he pursue some tenure as a Fresno alderman. 
good No need to run down The Rundown. The latest from The Rock is solid. 
bad Breezy entertainment. 
very_bad Too often brings guffaws at all the wrong moments, when it's not being simply too stupid for words. 
fair While you won't exactly walk out humming the plot, The Rundown should go down quite decently with popcorn. 
good A witty, fast-paced action film. 
fair A good showcase for the former wrestler's impressive physical prowess and decent comic timing. 
bad As an action director, Peter Berg applies simple principles: speed it up, make it louder, blur it with effects. So we never get a true fix on just how good an action machine the Rock might be. 
fair An amusing bit of escapist fare. 
bad The film vacillates between balmy stabs at humor and milking its sodden social conscience. Meanwhile the script devolves into people yelling 'Shut up!' at each other. 
good The Rock shows off some impressive comic timing... 
bad A fun ride. 
bad Don't expect new horizons in the annals of odd-couple, comedy-action flicks. 
good The Rock reveals his classy transition from WWE star to a charming and charismatic big-screen action hero. 
bad A brisk, good- hearted but predictable and uninspired -- not to mention bone-crunchingly violent -- action comedy. 
good It's more fun than most of what passed for popcornsellers this past summer. 
bad The Rock does have a winning screen presence, even when the material falls short. 
fair The Rundown doesn't break any new ground, but it doesn't leave you wishing you had stayed home, either. 
fair Noisy, bombastic and ludicrous enough to please any WrestleMania crowd. 
good The Rundown offers everything a good movie of this sort should: plenty of suspenseful action, a few good laughs, and a share of obligatory 'reluctant buddy' bonding. 
good The Rundown is big fun at the movies. 
fair The way The Rock pulls off the jokes and macho stunts in Rundown, Hollywood may just have found its new action king. 
fair Connoisseurs of Christopher Walken, and there are some hard-core addicts lurking about, will have good reason to take in The Rundown -- they can add a few more riches to their treasure chest of Wonky Walken Moments. 
good The Rundown understands how to take itself seriously and have fun, and gives respect to an audience that usually doesn't deserve any. 
fair A B-movie that seems to be well aware of what it is. 
good Rife with chases, explosions, boyish banter. 
very_good The jungle locations give the film a texture and beauty that underlines the outsized characters. 
bad While the first half of The Rundown is a satisfying buildup, the second half is a tiresome letdown. 
fair The Rock ought to expand his horizons and get himself a nice, quiet comedy. 
very_bad Without comprehensive scientific data, it's hard to determine whether the Rock is igneous or metamorphic, but his latest film is definitively moronic. 
fair Precisely as charismatic and ridiculous as The People's Elbow. 
fair Through the jumble emerges The Rock, who becomes the main reason to see this movie. He turns it into a personal playground and does what he was meant to do -- get the audience on his side. 
good The cinematic equivalent of a pulp novel. Nobody will ever mistake it for great literature, but it's darn near impossible to tear yourself away. 
fair If you're looking for popcorn entertainment, pick option A. This is an action comedy that delivers on both counts. 
good Knockdown, drag-out, "Yee-HAW!" action-comedy works thanks to the skill of the ensemble on both sides of the camera. 
fair It's all silly . . . with enough bone-crunching brawls to hospitalize a regiment for a month, but naturally characters merely pick themselves up and dust themselves off just like Wile E. Coyote. 
good The Rundown is just a helluva fun time at the movies; better than your average buddy/chase flick and funnier than most comedies. 
fair ...an odd example of Hollywood gun worship. 
good For all its glossy, genuinely entertaining action, it's uncertain how long The Rundown will stick with you once you leave the theater. What is certain is this: The Rock has arrived as a movie star. 
good Loads of goofy fun. 
very_bad A strictly formulaic action picture that suggests some of Mr. Schwarzenegger's early, low-budget vehicles, like Commando and Raw Deal. 
very_good Blistering action sequences and a story that moves faster than an Arizona winter. 
very_bad For much of the film, Berg is content to act like a Michael Bay wannabe, orchestrating large action set pieces that get increasingly tiresome and WWE-like as individuals get mindlessly slammed into the dust. 
bad Basically a 10th-tier rehash of the Indiana Jones genre, laced with moments that are actually clever and exciting. 
good The Rundown has what we usually want to see in movies like this: bravura action, tongue-in-cheek humor, but most of all attitude. 
bad The Rock has a flair for action and comedy; he's a real movie star. 
good With humor that runs the gamut from pee jokes to Heart of Darkness references, The Rundown is unrealistic, goofy, juvenile, absurdly violent and completely recommended. 
bad Just silly enough to be worth your time. 
very_bad Johnson is a natural action hero, a point presumably made rather cheekily by way of an early cameo from none other than Ahhnold himself. 
good Who knew The Rock possessed as much on-screen presence, charisma and good humor as he displays in "The Rundown"? 
very_bad Yet another paint-by-numbers buddy comedy tailor-made for the former wrestler's brawny talents. 
bad The shockingly restrained Johnson is legitimately charismatic here, merely because he isn't trying to be The Rock (he doesn't raise the People's Eyebrow once!). 
fair (The Rock) seems to be winking at the audience as if to say, "Yeah, I know it's dumb. But aren't you having a great time?" 
good Hilarious action picture, directed with his signature irreverence by Very Bad Things's Peter Berg. 
good The Rundown is smooth over everything filmmaking. [F]ast enough to keep its audience hopped up on adrenaline throughout, and smart enough to leave them with something to talk about [when it's over]. 
very_bad A pale rehash of Romancing the Stone with a fuel-injected overdose of testosterone. 
bad I've been waiting for an able replacement to Sly and Arnie, and The Rock is definitely it!! 
good not high art, not by a longshot, but it's way big fun 
good 0.6 
good This film really succeeds with its warm treatment of ordinary hang-ups -- no life-shattering revelations or pain repressed since childhood, just the genuine, everyday trials of life. 
good Natalie Portman, as a 13-year-old on whom Hutton develops a strangely affecting crush, is a delight. 
good A film about relationships and growing older that's funny and smart. 
good Not a whole lot goes on, but what does go on is engaging enough to merit a look. 
good Wise and clever, a refreshingly different take on gender relations. 
best With only a few lapses, Scott Rosenberg's script is so good it outshines his much-praised Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead. 
bad It's the women who break the monotony of this dudes-in-flux saga... 
good In a relationship that skirts bad taste, Hutton and Portman make tender movie magic, giving this big-screen spin on Friends its only moments of true romantic yearning. 
fair While apt at times, often it seems overwrought and muddled. 
bad Borrowing heavily from other, better films, director Ted Demme and screenwriter Scott Rosenberg give each of their male protagonists a case of commitment angst. 
bad With better editing (Jeffrey Wolf) and directing (Ted Demme) the movie could have survived the script, but alas it was not to be. 
bad A routine entry in the genre, with nothing in particular to recommend it, aside from an attractive cast. 
terrible The truth is it's just not fun to watch people make excuses for themselves. 
fair Watching these guys struggle with an idea is like watching a dog trying to get to that unattainable itchy spot. Funny, but pathetic too. 
very_good What's nicest about the film is the way it treasures the good feelings people can have for one another. 
best I watched this film three times in two days and dug it more each time. 
bad It doesn't always take you where you'd like it to go, but that's all right. 
good The movie lacks the stature or consistency to be truly beautiful -- but you know, it is kind of cute. 
good Rosie O'Donnell's best 10 minutes of her career. 
very_good This film may have been a small movie set in a small town, but its characters are earnest, its dialogue is smart and witty, and most of all, its heart is anything but small. 
bad Dramatic story of a dog's devotion is emotionally intense. 
good An unapologetic tear-jerker. You might resent being emotionally manipulated by this film, but I challenge even the most hard-hearted moviegoer not to spill some saltwater while watching it. 
best An immensely appealing drama about the extraordinary love and devotion of a dog for his beloved human companion. 
very_bad This is the film equivalent of Nice biscuits, or snow globes, or N-Dubz. You're vaguely aware that they exist but you don't know anyone who actually likes them. 
very_bad Ita(TM)s an extraordinary and touching story but told with too beady an eye on the box-office for comfort - even if youa(TM)re a doggy person. 
good A simple, old-fashioned heartwarmer that all the family can enjoy. 
terrible Bland beyond endurance. 
very_bad This is mutt mush, pure and simple-minded, for those in the mood. 
very_bad Lasse Hallstrom dishes up more classy mediocrity with this brazenly uncomplicated treat for dog lovers. 
bad The subsequent tragic events are moving rather than just manipulative, while the bond between man and canine is treated with a tender gravitas that might surprise those expecting merely some doggie-themed weepie. 
terrible The man who once directed What's Eating Gilbert Grape? is now the Hallmark greeting card of movie-makers. 
terrible It's not a story that could ever move me: all I see in it is a dumb animal who doesn't know any better. 
bad Come the sniffly denouement, it would take a hard heart not to be won over. Even cynics might find their noses a little wet. 
bad In the canon of recent canine cinema, there are far worse movies than this. 
bad Sensitively directed and rarely over-sentimental, this touching parable will likely ravish the emotions of dog lovers. 
good Not a dry eye in the house - but not irritating schmaltz either. 
very_good ...a warm and winning family movie about a scholar (Richard Gere) who discovers a lost Akita puppy on his way home from work. 
very_bad This is warm hearted, well acted and nicely shot and the dog is undeniably cute but the story is ultimately too slight to sustain a 90 minute film. 
best ...the most gut-wrenching tearjerker to come around in quite some time... 
fair The unyielding lens catches even the smallest moments of yielding as the two humans, one so young and one so old, one so eager and one so broken, come to appreciate each other. 
good The film has a sweetness that stops short of sentimentality. 
good Quiet yet wonderfully curious, bold but not bratty, this moon-faced little girl captures the subconsciously tarnished innocence of a child accustomed to having the blues... 
bad Although well acted with a strong sense of naturalism, the film is as light and ephemeral as the [butterfly] itself. 
fair The story is as predictable as a hot summer in South Florida, but if you're in need of comfort, Le Papillon is a good choice. 
fair Apparently, I can appreciate a good natured movie in which a sweet attachment and fluttering butterflies pervade the landscape. 
very_good An exceptionally satisfying film of much grace and beauty. 
terrible Just once, I'd like to see a foreign film about a cranky old person and an adorable tyke who don't become pals and change each other's lives. 
fair Depending on your perspective, this French family drama will either feel sweetly sentimental or shamelessly manipulative. 
bad Beautiful scenery and a strong cast help director Philippe Muyl overcome a less-then-compelling script. 
good Sure to please children and adults. 
bad Its combination of psychological insight and emotional restraint helps it transcend sentimentality. 
bad It's all very sweet and occasionally touching. More lasting shots of more beautiful butterflies would have added a lot, though. 
fair Worth seeing, especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine, but don't go in expecting a laugh a minute. 
fair It's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least, how to lose your soul with grace. 
bad In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office, any reminder of Hollywood's clueless cynicism is more than welcome. 
bad What Just Happened, despite an air of crisis, feels sluggish and plodding. 
bad An insider's Hollywood story, Barry Levinson's film lacks the bite of other admired "movie movies", such as The Player, or way back, The Bad and the Beautiful. 
bad I don't think it's particularly funny and I think that's the problem with the film. I think it wants to be funny. 
bad It's a shame that the film doesn't ever really take off into the stratosphere, because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing. But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film. 
bad A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro, who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many, many years. 
bad Based on the Art Linson autobiography, this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap. 
very_bad prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima, tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio, [...] sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario, kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg 
good More understated than sidesplitting, this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended, its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding. 
bad There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood, but many of the jokes, including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing, falls flat. 
fair Polished, coherent, rich with internal consistency... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies 
very_bad Director Barry Levinson's What Just Happened? is about spoiled brats. But it's amusing. 
bad Ao contrario do recente The Deal, este filme nao exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood (uma clara hipocrisia), o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela producao %u2013 ambos esforcos terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador. 
fair Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops, Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness. 
good This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain. 
very_good ...has small delicious moments, but it's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either don't much care about or actively dislike. 
bad A playful industry satire made by victors. That's actually pretty cold when you think about it. 
bad A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu. 
bad Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player, What Just Happened? is flyweight. De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role, but he's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm. 
good The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened? is a worthy rival. It's also great fun. 
very_bad Well, what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film. 
very_bad It's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it's been done before...and an awful lot better. 
bad Linson has drawn his fangs, opting for mild, Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up. 
very_bad As a satire on Tinseltown, it's toothless. 
good A send-up of Hollywood and its stars, this is the best film industry satire since The Player. Funnier, too. 
bad It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form. Perhaps, though, you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes. 
bad Levinson keeps the pace sharp, and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money. 
very_bad More cold than cute, De Niro's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be. 
bad Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast, though it's a shame it's not a little more daring. 
good Taken from his own memoirs, Linson's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown. 
fair By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom. Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood, he's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him. 
very_bad A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck...succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us, but it does nothing to atone for the results 
fair Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets. 
very_bad The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative, knowing chuckles. The local auditorium where the movie opens today, however, is probably just going to echo. 
fair Not something to be taken too seriously, De Niro's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro 
terrible What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting. 
good The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire, but "What Just Happened?" rings true, capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then, wondering if toda 
terrible What Just Happened? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone. 
terrible The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere. Considering everyone involved, this is a disaster of epic proportions. What just happened?... indeed 
fair What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen. 
bad In some ways, What Just Happened feels like an attempt to, if not make amends for moviemaking myopia, at least show how easily the contagion takes hold. 
bad What Just Happened? has already happened and, to everyone but Levinson, that shouldn't be surprising. 
best The sharpest Hollywood satire since The Player. 
very_bad What Just Happened is like a middle-aged Entourage in desperate need of Viagra. 
bad The problem with Hollywood movies about the Hollywood film industry is: You've seen one, you've seen them all. 
bad Rich, soulless Hollywood types screw each other over in What Just Happened. And we're supposed to care? 
very_bad You'd probably need a veteran Hollywood psychiatrist to explain Tinseltown's fascination with its own muck. 
bad ...not much. 
good Like a waning starlet fresh from her latest Botox treatment, Hollywood continues to gaze at itself in the mirror. Yet De Niro's producer adds a rare decency, keeping this film from being one more industry rout. 
bad ...an utterly disappointing misfire. 
good In What Just Happened, we get a loving tribute to the movie business filled with disdain for the ethics of the people who work in the business. 
fair This goofy, sporadically amusing satire is a career bounce-back of sorts. While [director Levinson] is not completely back on his game here, at least the film might make us forget about 2006's disastrous Man of the Year. 
bad There are cutting laughs along the way, and Keener plays the hard-nosed studio chief with an insider's acumen, but, really, Entourage is better than this. 
good Movies about Hollywood are as common as Jolie babies, and there have been broader, funnier, meaner takes on the business than this one. But this Barry Levinson version of real-life producer Art Linson's memoir is more movie-savvy than any of them. 
good If you want to get a peek under the hood of Hollywood or just want to see Bruce Willis in a big, scruffy beard, What Just Happened certainly delivers. 
bad What Just Happened? is wry rather than cutting, a feast of clever humor from a couple of insiders who see the foolishness that surrounds them but like it on the inside anyhow. 
very_bad Less an expose than a recap of what even casual observers of the industry know or intuit, What Just Happened relies on cliches even as it deplores them. 
fair DeNiro's days as a dramatic lead are history, but he still has a future in comedy. Catherine Keener, however, is the best thing in this movie. 
bad A moderately funny, but largely forgettable adaptation of movie producer Art Linson's bestselling tell-all. 
bad Showbiz satire is too edgy, 'insidery' for kids. 
good The adult comedy surprise of the year. A fast moving, often hysterically funny little gem about the business called show. 
very_bad Sixteen years after The Player, it's apparently still all about making temperamental British directors change their endings and grappling with the casting of Bruce Willis. 
bad It's a bit too inside to appeal to wide audiences, though there are some funny scenes. 
fair A movie that's perfectly good, and yet not good enough. 
good If, ultimately, What Just Happened? emerges as slightly less than the sum of its parts, those parts are very good indeed. 
fair It's a tossup. Your call. 
bad A fairly toothless Tinseltown expose. 
very_bad Imagine if a Hollywood satire was about any other business -- would it seem interesting to anyone outside of Hollywood? 
good The movie is brilliant at portraying the incredibly high stakes of the seemingly inconsequential and the tremendous amounts of money spent on it. 
fair Even giving the film points for veracity, one is left with the movie's inherent, fatal flaw: Who gives a rip? 
fair Eventually it just stalls. 
best De Niro holds this film together, not with bluster or dynamism, but with humanity. In revealing the weakness of a man who lives by the exercise of power, he restores his strength as an actor and makes you care beyond measure for what just happened. 
good Proving that truth is stranger than fiction, this farcical narrative delves into how egos essentially run Hollywood and how those egos are largely attached to dysfunctional human beings. 
bad Though the movie is darkly funny, most people outside the movie business won't find themselves laughing too much. 
very_bad The title of Barry Levinson's new movie, What Just Happened, is not phrased as a question, but if it were it would demand another question in response: 'Who cares?' 
good A scathing insider look at Hollywood...De Niro gives one of his most winning performances of recent years... 
very_bad A not very fresh or funny glimpse of power players in Hollywood. 
bad Forget inside baseball, this film comes across more like inside whiffleball than anything else--a simulacrum that looks sort of like the real thing but which never runs the risk of hitting as hard as the real thing. 
good feels fresh and original thanks to Levinson's phenomenal direction 
bad Doesn't even consider itself surprising enough to tack on a question mark. 
bad There's not a whole lot in What Just Happened? that would be out of place in a good SNL skit. 
fair Hollywood loves to satirize itself using its own medium. But with few exceptions -- The Player comes to mind -- the laughs are rarely as wicked as they should be, and the skewers barely break the skin. So it is with What Just Happened. 
good It's another entertaining look at making films and a reminder that, with many of them, what goes on behind the scenes is the best part. 
fair Coming from a Hollywood background, I'm often asked about the social hierarchy of TinselTown. Here's an insider's snappy, satirical glimpse into that treacherous industry. 
fair The script is sharp, and the ensemble cast a treat. 
bad The draw, for fan mag stalwarts, behind-the-scenes aficionados and the film-passionate is this A-list cast delivering a few chuckle-worthy self-stereotypes. 
bad The film could be faulted for being another masturbatory exercise in Hollywood narcissism, but that's really nothing new. 
bad There are enough easily identifiable characters and humorous episodes that industry insiders recognize from their own experience that they will smile and chuckle while nudging each other and shaking their heads. 
bad Really, how many times will you get to see Bruce Willis, Sean Penn, and Robert De Niro work together? (And in a comedy, no less.) 
bad The downward ride of two self-destructive heroin addicts living on the mean streets of New York City. 
good Consider this a slice of the titular heaven to the hell that follows. 
very_bad fails to light up the candles, let alone create fireworks. 
fair This thoughtful first film from Israeli-born filmmaker Adam Vardy offers an interesting take on the plight of a young Hassidic Jew who, in fleeing his home and family, attempts to forge a new life for himself far from the only things he ever knew. 
fair Vardy draws the moral conflicts in broad strokes, but as a portrait of a man torn between his faith and the urges of his liberated hormones, it has honest depth. 
bad At its core, Adam Vardy's Mendy: A Question of Faith espouses an inanely simplistic worldview ... but it does so with a surprising amount of respect. 
bad Less captivating dramatically than anthropologically. 
fair It's not just Ivan Sandomire's broken English that's richly detailed, but his really intense body language, which suggests a small creature trying to find its sea legs. 
good Before he was Mad Eye Moody, before he took Colin Farrell to the woodshed "In Bruges," before "The Guard," the great Irish actor Brendan Gleeson was the infamous Irish crook known as "The General." 
very_good The film has little of the visual dazzle often associated with Boorman's movies, but the somber, black-and-white cinematography helps even out the often larger-than-life tone. 
fair Enjoyable for what it is; problem is, what it is doesn't amount to much in the end. 
good Neither Boorman's cinematic expertise nor Gleeson's canny performance is enough to make us care about Cahill's destruction. 
best The most lyric crime picture since Band of Outsiders, with a sublime performance by Gleeson at its core. 
best The film glides on seriocomic wings and whisks us rapturously away. It ranks with Boorman's own classic crime film Point Blank (1967), and that's high praise. 
bad A well-made film, but a hard one to actually like. 
terrible It's too bad Marvin isn't still around, to at least knock some sense into his old friend, Boorman. 
good The General is a great character study. 
very_good An astonishing and captivating portrait of an iconoclastic criminal. 
good A fulsome, fascinating piece of 20th century Irish folklore. 
very_good Boorman's film is shot in wide-screen black and white, and as it often does, black and white emphasizes the characters and the story, instead of setting them awash in atmosphere. 
good Veteran director John Boorman weaves together real-life incidents and fictional anecdotes to create a fascinating portrait of a man who was both more human and more humane than the legends about him indicate. 
good The black-and-white tones (shot on color stock) are so rich that the ski masks of burglars wind up looking like velvet. 
good The General is an original take on the crime genre, photographed in black and white and cleverly edited to underscore its title character's status as a legend in his time. 
bad Large chunks of The General are completely incomprehensible. 
fair Funny, scabrous, disturbing, tragic, and improbably life-affirming, The General travels its own idiosyncratic path with more real style and substance than the past half-decade of Hollywood gangster movies combined. 
good The General is sharply written, by Boorman, but its fascination lies in the contrast between the energetic, almost goofy performance by Gleeson. 
best Gleeson plays Cahill as an ordinary man who does this stuff because he's good at it. 
fair The force of Cahill's personality draws you to the screen and rivets your attention. 
good What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America...sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown, a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
bad Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal, the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown's life. 
very_good Only an epic documentary could get it all down, and Spike Lee's Jim Brown: All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents. 
fair [Lee] treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb, credulous, unassuming, subordinate subjects. And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring, wide-smiling reception. 
good A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone. 
fair As the movie traces Mr. Brown's athletic exploits, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times. 
very_bad Overly long and worshipful bio-doc. 
good Zucker, Abrahams, and Zucker present a narrative that is hopelessly convoluted, but that, of course, is exactly their intention as they pile joke upon joke, filling their film with inventive sight gags. 
good Jokes so stupid as to seem almost surreal, an amazing range of cultural referents and a smattering of genuinely witty conceits. 
good The story has almost no momentum and runs out of gas, ending abruptly, but how can you knock a movie with so many gut-busting jokes? 
good Memorable both for its spoofing of a wacky combination of Elvis movies, spy movies and Second World War intrigue films and for the fact that it's Val Kilmer's film debut. 
good I could never figure out why this comedy-packed gem bombed during its day until I saw it again and realized how juvenile it is. Nevertheless, my memories of it helped me enjoy it once again. 
very_good This movie will cheerfully go for a laugh wherever one is even remotely likely to be found. 
fair Top Secret! comes nowhere near Airplane! but in its own cheerful, low-pressure way, it's about as amiable an entertainment as you will find this summer. 
bad Serves up a veritable smorgasbord of comic bits. 
good One of the funnier post-Airplane! free-for-alls 
bad Another piece of loony bin entertainment from the Abrahams-Zucker chuckle factory...inspired in its wickedly silly-minded skin 
bad Used to be very funny but doesn't hold up. 
very_bad Intermittenly funny, but no Airplane! 
very_bad The people making it seem to have enjoyed it more than I did. 
good There are no good white basketball players, my friend. Just this inspired two-for-one send-up of WWII pictures and Elvis movies. 
very_good A must-see! 
terrible Just shy of torture. 
fair Heavy on nostalgic charm, but a lovely and insightful portrait of children buffeted by their parents' leftist activism in the 1970's and of Sao Paolo's Jewish neighborhood. 
bad click for full review 
bad You've heard this story before, but what makes The Year My Parents Went on Vacation worth seeing is the unfamiliar setting...the Jewish community of Sao Paolo. 
good a skillful combination of humor, sadness, and tension 
good ... a sharply drawn coming-of-age comedy-drama... 
fair Joelsas' youthful exuberance carries the movie long enough to make this "Vacation" a rewarding trip. 
bad The comforting familiarity, even in a foreign country in a time of political strife, is what makes it quietly effective. 
very_good Despite a few bits of low-key humor and some cheeky bits, the mostly charming film is actually meant to be taken seriously. And there are some poignant, surprisingly tender moments. 
bad Director and co-writer Cao Hamburger presents all of this in such a timid and sanitized manner that one would suspect childhood wasn't a messy affair. Unfortunately for Hamburger, we've all been there, done that. 
very_good Their performances (Michel Joelsas, Daniela Piepszyk) %u2014 natural, poignant and wide-eyed about what life will serve up %u2014 are things of beauty. 
good A Brazilian dramedy that touches on politics, sex, family and religion but is interested in them only to the extent that they rub off on the movie's people. 
very_good An utterly convincing depiction of childhood loneliness and uncertainty, in a world I'd never seen onscreen: the Orthodox Jewish community of Sao Paulo. 
very_good Director Cao Hamburger has a warm, delicate sensibility that informs the story's commonplace events. Neither the story's drama nor its comedy are overstated. 
good This Brazilian coming-of-age drama, co-produced by City of God creator Fernando Meirelles, charms because it rarely spells things out. 
fair Be patient and brace yourself for the climax; the wait is definitely worthwhile. 
bad A gentle coming-of-age film set in 1970 Brazil. 
good Director Cao Hamburger, a Brazilian of Italian and German descent, treats this development with a very light hand. 
good The Year My Parents Went on Vacation is a meticulous, fascinating and tender story of Brazil in 1970 when revolution was in the air and the World Cup was the hope of bringing a country back together. 
very_good This 1970-set tale of a 12-year-old shaped by three driving forces--his country's brutal dictatorship, his left-wing parents' disappearance and a nation's obsession with the World Cup--pulls you into a well-observed world and its characters. 
bad A sweet and somber film that works hard to overcome its limitations. 
good A pleasant mix of sentimentality and political intrigue. 
good The acting is uniformly fine. 
fair It has little to do with any actual human experience and everything with re-creating experiences from other movies. 
bad [Director Cao] Hamburger's solid craftsmanship ensures a slick, enjoyable product, even if it's too by-the-numbers to really stand out. 
fair The film's final third contains a glimmer of a great movie wanting to break out. 
bad The director's understatement is married to a story that's frustratingly unexceptional. 
good Michel Joelsas, the young actor who carries the film, is quite a find ... a fun and charming film. 
good An emotionally touching Brazilian film about the spiritual riches and rewards of hospitality experienced by an abandoned and lonely young boy in a strange place. 
very_good This droll coming-of-age story, set in the turbulent year of 1970, astutely captures the resilience of the human spirit. 
bad Mauro's character is underwritten, but Michel Joelsas delivers a believable, pained lad capable of still being a child. 
terrible Everybody on-screen seems awfully bored. 
bad Full of action and Mel Gibson. 
very_bad An interesting storyline, but it's mostly a waste of time. 
very_bad Gibson does what he can, but not even Olivier could salvage this one. 
bad Bell's charm and finesse with a right hook help elevate Angel of Death from being a mundane straight-to-DVD offering. 
fair ...a surprisingly cinematic actioner that ultimately feels like a low-budget cousin to 2005's Sin City. 
good An overlooked masterpiece. 
bad Melville at his best 
best At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre. 
good a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck 
good Super cool. 
good Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies. 
best Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes. 
best Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave. 
good Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table. 
very_good In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds. 
very_good A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future. 
good less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate 
good Textbook noir. 
very_good Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion. 
best Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum. 
good Picture postcard film noir. 
terrible Jamil Dehlavi's film is well-intentioned but simple-minded, and the clunking script does more to muddy the issues than to elucidate them. 
very_bad film is technically impressive, doing much with little, but there was a curious aspect to it that left an odd taste. 
good Shot on location in London, New York and Karachi, Infinite Justice uses an impressively broad canvas to paint a picture of dangerous fundamentalism and Western opportunism and corruption. 
bad Shooting on digital video, Dehlavi moves confidently between the different time-frames and countries. There is, however, a schematic dimension to the screenplay, with individual characters representing a particular political perspective. 
good The heart of the film is the verbal sparring (and extended chess match) between Silverman and his captor Kamal Khan (Raza Jaffrey, neatly encapsulating the ongoing debate about terrorism and its causes. 
very_bad Clumsily shoehorns every hot topic under the sun into a digitally shot drama of high aims, middling production values and low intelligence. 
very_bad This attempt to understand the radicalisation of Muslims means well. But it feels more like a TV-movie with its dumbed down discussion of conflitcing idealogies and the melodramatic humanity of the relationship between the prisoner and his gaoler. 
very_good An engaging film about the dangers of fracking and the crass manipulation employed by its proponents. 
bad Gus Van Sant's Promised Land is an engaging performance-driven drama that works more often than not. 
very_good ... Van Sant's eye and sense of poetry no doubt elevate what's essentially an updated Frank Capra story ... 
bad 'You can't make natural gas from shale without fracking' doesn't quite have the same ring to it as 'You can't start a fire without a spark'. 
bad underwhelming at best 
bad Thee film-makers' sincerity so indisputable, that Promised Land never entirely spins off the rails. It's hard to swallow, but easy to digest. 
good Hydraulic fracturing might not be the most compelling subject for a movie, but it provides a topical backdrop for this engaging drama about ethics. 
bad A gentle rather than dramatic film that, once the central argument is laid out, lacks real flair. 
bad A flawed but watchable eco-drama - heavily indebted to a wittier anti-corporate movie, Local Hero, made 30 years ago. 
terrible Van Sant is no Frank Capra, so why is he trying so hard to be? 
very_bad Not confident or bolshy enough about the subject, too aware of eco versus economic pros and cons ... 
good The latest film from Gus Van Sant is a thought-provoking and emotionally engaging smalltown drama with a strong script and a terrific central performance from co-writer Matt Damon. 
bad A compelling glimpse into a world of corporate chicanery where unscrupulous business giants casually toss decent chaps like Butler into the fray to take the, er, frack. 
bad The film means well, it just doesn't stir the soul. 
bad Northern Exposure with Jason Bourne. Which is a backhanded way of saying this is far from the challenging movie it promised to be. 
very_bad Feels more Hollywoodland than 'Promised Land'. 
fair Quietly powerful, this has a fine cast and yet it's very much Damon's movie, as he delivers his finest, most subtly nuanced performance yet and, remarkably, actually allows himself to look, ahem, older. 
bad As a slice of rural Americana, Promised Land works. Then it turns into sticky apple pie, leaving only the feeling that you've been had. 
bad An earnest, fundamentally likeable film which challenges us to question what we're told rather than calling us to arms. 
fair Worth taking seriously, but hamstrung by avoiding larger political issues and coming down to a matter of individual conscience. 
bad Its quiet nature may give it longer legs over time, slipping its way into cable viewing, but it'll have to reach way beyond the typically urban Gus Van Sant audience to make the impact it wants. 
good ...neither a firebrand nor a puppyish Oscar-chaser. It's becalmed, downright mellow at times. 
bad Gus Van Sant's fracking drama pits Matt Damon's energy executive against John Krasinski's eco-dreamboat in a battle for the minds of backwater farmers and the heart of Rosemarie DeWitt's moony schoolma'am. 
bad In attempting to make 'Promised Land' more than a simple diatribe about the evils of fracking, director Gus Van Sant ('Good Will Hunting,' 'Milk') oddly makes the story seem less authentic. 
fair Relateable 
very_bad Promised Land is harmless but not compelling enough to warrant major attention. 
good Touching and believable. 
very_bad The end result is simply a fracking mess. 
bad While Damon and Krasinski have penned likable, real characters, the story surrounding them is only sporadically compelling. 
bad A one sided look at the argument against drilling for natural gas; Damon needs to entertain and stay off his soapbox. 
fair Damon and Krasinski have crafted a very well thought out tale, one that comes across as "Local Hero" meets "Erin Brockovich." 
bad It's rather unfortunate to note that Promised Land eventually becomes as one-sided as its premise might've indicated... 
fair This is a solid if at times too conventional tale of a classic moral conflict. 
very_good Promised Land actually delivers a compelling human drama along with its message. 
good The drama can be funny and romantic and occasionally moving. It has a bigger message about fracking and the environment, and big companies and small towns, and while Promised Land is not a great film, such ambition is not its intention. 
good [It's mostly] a well-wrought drama that feels genuine as it goes about spinning a tale worthy of our challenging times. 
bad Promised Land doesn't offer great drama, nor does it offer the great debate on fracking that some viewers might have been hoping for. Yet, the film has lots of small moments that make it a worthy effort. 
bad Maybe it would just be easier to say that "Promised Land" is a movie that flirts equally with greatness and dreadfulness. 
fair Promised Land attempts to present both sides of the argument while ultimately falling decidedly on the side of anti-corporatization. 
bad It's like a well-meaning sermon from a progressive but unexciting minister; you may agree with the message, but you undertand why some people prefer fire and brimstone. 
bad Cinematically well-crafted and -acted, Promised Land nonetheless is a shallow exploration. 
bad Sadly, "Promised Land" ... chooses to take the lazy road and simply become another member of the liberal posse that finds it easier to place a black hat on big business than to have an adult discussion about complex issues. 
good The acting and characters did it for me. The story? Promising. Not perfect. 
good Damon and McDormand are terrific as co-workers seeking the same goal, though they see their work from different points of view. 
bad Van Sant never climbs up on his soapbox, opting instead for a soft-play, lecture-free approach that, while bordering on plainness at times, makes it easy to enjoy the story. 
bad It's not that it's badly made, but that it is a well-told and complex story dealing with topical issues and moral dilemmas that totally falls apart in its third act. 
bad Far too awkward and contrived a drama to change many hearts and minds. 
fair The 50/50 split between profiteers and tree-huggers might reflect the nation as a whole, but it makes for diluted drama. 
terrible Promised Land can say whatever it wants about fracking and the environment and big corporate business. What really bothers me about the movie is that it stinks. 
good Damon's performance as corporate salesman Steve Butler is one of his best. 
bad Lacking confidence that these didactic speeches will drive its message home, the film throws in a paranoid plot twist from which it never recovers. 
fair Earnest...preachy. But where's the desperation of the farmers willing to take Big Oil's check? And what's with the blandly predictable romantic triangle? 
fair "Promised Land" ends up being about two-thirds of a decent film, despite having problems with its characters. Had there been a little more thought put into the ending, perhaps it would have been more satisfying. 
good This is Damon and Krasinski's soapbox. And while there is little doubt about where their sympathies lie, they are rarely preachy while telling us. 
fair A well-intentioned look at a fraught issue, but the Damon-Krasinski screenplay ultimately opts for Hollywood oversimplification. 
very_bad I really don't know what this movie is trying to say. 
terrible Just as underhanded as the soulless corporations it's taking to task. 
bad It's thrilling to watch a movie you expect to go in one very specific direction instead offer the prospect of something fascinatingly different. 
bad One of several ways this ... picture falls short is in trying to sell a personal-salvation story as a salve to the conundrum it presents. 
very_bad Promised Land is no Good Will Hunting (1997). It brings back director Gus Van Sant and actor Matt Damon, but it's another example of you can't go home again. 
bad "Promised Land" offers an experience that's alternately amusing and frustrating, full of impassioned earnestness as well as saggy sections. 
bad A resonant cautionary tale. 
terrible It's Mitt Romney in blue jeans, this Promised Land, and we've all had enough of that. 
bad The film wants to be meaningful, wants to have topical significance and emotional heft, but it arrives mostly empty, and in a year filled with great and memorable films, Promised Land is not worth anyone's attention. 
good A transparent message movie which might deserve to be forgiven for moralizing and politicizing, given the urgency of the underlying environmental issue. 
bad A very nice movie on a very old-fashioned model... until it gets to the end, and the end smashes the whole thing in the face with a hammer. 
very_bad Promised Land wears its ideology on its sleeve, along with its hackneyed plot twists and wholly unbelievable characters. 
bad The movie threatens to become one of those late '60s/early '70s heavy-handed message movies, but it's somewhat salvaged by Damon's innate likability and the chemistry among the cast. 
very_bad Ultimately a well-meaning effort that is simply remarkable for being so unremarkable. 
good A strong effort from Damon/Krasinski/Van Sant. It's entertaining, and heck- you may learn something too. 
bad You have to respect Gus Van Sant & Co. for not taking the easy way out ... An experiment with an intriguing hypothesis that just didn't yield the kind of results they were looking for. 
fair This is one of those impassioned message movies that makes its point early on, then beats you over the head with it, haphazardly acknowledging the shades of grey without admitting they have any validity. 
bad Promised Land is high-minded material - but makes for a flaccid viewing experience. 
bad It's as if the people behind Promised Land only agreed to make the movie if there was an unambiguous "policy statement" at the end, and that's what we're subjected to. 
good "Promised Land" is a fine place to start appreciating Matt Damon, who always makes it seem as if everybody else is acting and he's just going through the movie being natural. 
fair Matt Damon's new film "Promised Land" starts off on the right foot - and then shoots itself in it. 
very_bad Damon wants to put you in Very Serious mode and have you think of "issue movies" like "The China Syndrome," but all I could do was laugh and think of "Lolita." 
bad Despite their Everyman appeal, Damon and Krasinski don't create much by way of emotional investment, instead becoming mirror images of their most mild-mannered, white-bread selves. 
fair [The movie] only becomes shakier as it progresses. 
good Moves at an unassuming, surprisingly intoxicating pace, aware of the ebbs and flows and overall qualities that come with living outside the big cities. If only for a few hours, it's a place worth visiting. 
bad When you add in the plot contrivances that cluster around its finale, "Promised Land" concludes as an echo of a convincing film rather than the real deal. 
very_good While there's little doubt about where "Promised Land" is going (you don't think a Gus Van Sant movie is going to side with a corporation, do you?), it's a pleasure to watch it go there. 
bad Promised Land is a frustrating film to watch. It should be better than this, smarter than this. 
fair It's a fine line between interesting characters and "Northern Exposure" quirk, but the movie mostly stays on the right side of it. 
bad "Promised Land" feels divided against itself, not quite sure how to reconcile its polemical intentions with its storytelling impulses, and thus finally unable to fulfill its own promise. 
very_bad The film is way too earnest to inspire much anger. Some messages are better delivered with a flamethrower. 
bad The script is unconvincing; two key narrative twists, one related to the other, are deeply hokey. 
bad Van Sant's direction is as subtle as the fracking process itself. 
very_bad The kind of earnest, oversimplified big-issues drama that Hollywood loves to foist on audiences as seasonal proof of its serious-mindedness. 
good There's a lightness of touch here that makes its level-headed advocacy go down smooth as lager, and allows some quiet room for thought. 
good The wily script and crack cast elevate it beyond the issue-based TV movie it could have been. 
fair A pleasant surprise- a well-directed, well-acted and nuanced look at a controversial political issue. It's a shame the whole thing just about falls apart at the end. 
good Promised Land is a potent and powerful look at how the stressed economy is stressing farm communities across America. Director Gus Van Sant finds the human side of a knotty issue. 
fair A movie that feels either too long or too short--a fable that fails to grow into a statement. 
best I give this movie's costars and creators credit for making a "message movie" as palatable and entertaining as Promised Land. 
good A fracking drama that's more about the ethical dilemma facing the main character than easy answers to tricky questions. 
fair ...a clever moral comedy. 
bad Sensitive and sympathetic, appealing primarily to environmental activists. 
very_bad About the best thing in this well-meaning but wearying message drama is that it points out (and, points out) that some tradeoffs are hard to make. 
bad 'Promised Land' squeaks by on the strength of its performances. 
very_good The refreshingly simple storytelling and authentic small town feel makes it a very special film indeed. 
very_bad Gus Van Sant's new film offends for how it views the struggles of the landowners at the heart of its story as subservient to their oppressor's triumph of the spirit. 
bad The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is an inspiring story and a well made movie. It has the historical epic feel you'd expect from a film with such scope. 
fair If you're put off by the missionary impulse, then this film probably isn't for you-even though Bergman brings an honest earnestness to the film that's hard to resist. 
very_good Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics. The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly feel manufactured or inauthentic. And neither does "The Terminator." 
best Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way. 
best A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece. 
best Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages. 
best Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something more brooding, even prayerful. 
best Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time. 
best I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a single moment that isn't operating at 100%. 
very_good A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama. 
good James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative. 
good A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character. The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best. 
best Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries. 
best The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening. 
best Relentlessly entertaining 
best This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens. 
best At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion. 
best The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel. 
very_good The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package. 
good A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling. 
very_good While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive. If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list. 
best The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid. 
very_good The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect. 
very_good seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies 
very_good ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure. 
good One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades. 
best To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre. 
very_good [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema. 
very_good The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas. 
very_bad It is a huge missed opportunity on Crowe's part. In his attempt to show the best traits of a band he is obviously very enamored with, he's wound up with a pretty lackluster film. 
best Very few music documentaries in the history of the form have more successfully conveyed the inner workings and outer artistic expression of a band than Cameron Crowe's brilliant Pearl Jam Twenty. 
good [Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows. 
fair With noticeable gaps between the telling of its first decade and its second, Pearl Jam Twenty didn't necessarily need to be a feature, but is a really lovely fan letter to a band that's worked hard for the devotion and respect it receives. 
good With its intimacy and (this can't be emphasized enough) fantastic sound, Pearl Jam Twenty is like two hours spent rediscovering the band through excellent headphones. 
very_bad If only it was about something other than rockers almost irked they got famous. 
fair In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy. 
bad By the time "Pearl Jam Twenty" is over we can't help but be impressed by the kind of personal and professional integrity that has kept the band honest and allowed them to endure and prosper. 
bad While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished. 
very_good If Pearl Jam Twenty has its share of hyperbole, it's leavened with humor, self-deprecating commentary, and a deep-pockets budget's worth of great clips. 
very_good A great introduction to the band as well as a great recap for the fans who have been there all along the way. 
very_good For the biggest fans, it may be the single best movie going experience you will have this year 
bad Cameron Crowe's chronicle of the Seattle grunge quintet's first two decades is undeniably thorough - even offshoot Temple of the Dog gets the spotlight - but it's also weirdly self-aggrandizing. 
good Any enterprise like this is inherently self-congratulatory, but the film is best considered from Crowe's perspective: that of a fan. 
fair A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns. 
bad Despite surrendering to sentimental fandom, Crowe thoughtfully touches on greyer areas... 
bad Entertaining, well made documentary that's a treat for fans thanks to its wealth of rarely seen footage and newly filmed interviews... 
bad The music's the thing and Crowe lets it rip. 
very_bad Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge. 
fair Fans will love this energetic documentary tracing more than two decades of the infamous grunge band. But while the film is packed with terrific footage, it's too worshipful for non-fans to take seriously. 
terrible A deadly combination of fanboy, friend, and Richie Cunningham, Crowe has zero objectivity about the band 
bad Picture a cross between Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and Meet the Parents, except with a lot more attitude and edge. 
terrible 0.5 
