1.0 The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot.
0.7 We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him.
0.75 The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty.
0.6 You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy.
0.5 Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ...
0.6 It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing.
0.3 The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough.
0.6 A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick.
0.2 Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared.
0.6 A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title.
0.6 Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two.
0.6 I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing.
0.7 The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company.
0.4 Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm.
0.7 With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century.
0.6 What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh.
0.7 Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation.
0.4 [Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ...
0.6 The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump.
0.4 This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people.
0.4 Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit.
0.8 An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man.
0.2 The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation.
0.6 It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining.
0.4 An amiable mess.
0.8 This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema.
0.6 A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull.
0.8 Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled.
0.6 An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values.
0.8 Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naive, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others.
0.8 This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right.
0.0 An absolutely interminable piece of work...
0.4 excellent performers can't compensate for the film's biggest problem - lack of originality
0.4 Filmmaker Love brings these characters to vivid life, but they're all so hateful, racist and idiotic that we don't like them at all!
0.875 The notion of Vietnam as quagmire is literalized in this stunning 1981 action-suspense film.
0.8 Beyond its genre roots and its deeper meanings, Southern Comfort is a well-honed study of characters and setting.
1.0 An atmospheric, tough-as-nails survival tale, and arguably Walter Hill's best movie overall. Well cast with a great Ry Cooder score. Packs a definite wallop.
0.8 Perfectly entertaining gung-ho war flick. Walter Hill knows his action.
0.8 Goes down relatively smooth. Pour yourself a glass or three of its namesake, and enjoy!
0.625 ...ultimately a fair degree more entertaining than the majority of its DTV brethren...
0.5 Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams is certainly trippy and inventive, but the film is way too long, a little too flat and not nearly as enjoyable as the original.
0.8 An imaginatively joyous adventure.
0.8 The best example in recent memory of what happens when an independent-minded director is allowed to exercise his talents with the backing and support of a Hollywood support system.
0.75 How fitting that the subtitle of this sequel is Island of Lost Dreams, for Rodriguez has let his vivid imagination run even more amok in waking, cinematic life.
0.75 Rodriguez's movie, jammed with gizmos and visual effects, looks more like a bigbudget extravaganza from a Hollywood studio than a relatively modest $40 million movie.
0.6 Imaginativo e divertido, explora o talento de seus jovens protagonistas para criar um filme capaz de encantar toda a familia.
0.75 ...just as enjoyable for adults as it is for kids...
0.6 Not quite as charming as the first one.
0.75 The only thing we don't know after watching Spy Kids 2 is whether Robert Rodriguez's constantly churning brain leaves him any time to sleep at night.
0.8 It's going to be a real hoot watching this duo growing up.
0.7 ...not quite up to the originality of the first film, but its sheer exuberance is good enough to keep youngsters enthralled and most adults at least mildly entertained.
0.7 ...Adequately entertaining but nothing special. Not exactly a ringing endorsement, but hey, it's August.
0.8 Kid-friendly, fun sequel is packed with zip-bang-pow style.
0.75 It's all great fun, and drives forward at a dizzying pace typical for writer-director Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 ... an over-the-top, kick-butt family film that leans toward the excess but is still a worthy sequel... making adults feel like kids again while making kids feel a bit more grown up.
0.75 It's fast-moving, overwhelming fun, full of gadgets, creatures and general whizz-bang. It could have gone disastrously wrong, but I like it.
0.5 Rodriguez is a shining example of Local Boy Makes Good but we don?t want him becoming the next George Lucas, now, do we? I doubt that is the problem.
0.75 a fantastically ridiculous kids' adventure-fantasy filled with bizarre creatures, outlandish gadgets, and anything and everything else Rodriguez's supple imagination could conjure up
0.7 It is a colourful, high-flying package that melds the gadget-happy sensibilities of its Mission: Impossible-spoofing predecessor with a parade of Hollywood in-jokes sure to amuse parents without confusing kids.
0.75 Rodriguez crams in enough exotic creatures, fancy gadgets, humor and action to make the movie's contents practically leap out of the frame.
0.7 Credit Robert Rodriguez for having his pulse on fun kid's stuff.
0.75 Proof that you can make a sophisticated, enjoyable movie that celebrates the intelligence of children without resorting to fart jokes or crotch injuries.
0.875 When the final credits roll, hyperactive preteens likely will be convinced they've just seen -- and desperately want to see again and again -- the coolest movie ever made.
0.8 It's miraculous that writer/director/co-producer/co-composer/editor/co-cinematographer/co-designer (whew!) Robert Rodriguez was able to meet our expectations.
0.75 The charm of the first movie is still there, and the story feels like the logical, unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids.
0.8 A great looking, trippy adventure. I can't wait for the next one.
0.7 'Spy Kids 2 is still about family, but it's mostly about living up to the expectations of the imagination, and with a monstrous sense of humor.'
0.75 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices, special effects and backgrounds, 'Spy Kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences.
0.8 Like the first one, this is fresh, funny, exciting, and brilliantly inventive, the best family movie of the summer.
0.6 Spy Kids 2, because of the fabulous special effects and the gadgets and the empowerment of children, should go over extremely well with kiddie audiences. Parents have less to tickle their fancy.
0.75 A cheery kid's film perfect for a Saturday matinee.
0.5 t has a lot to look at, and enough to keep most kids appeased. But it's disappointing after such a fresh and exciting original.
0.625 There still is plenty to enjoy here for kids of all ages -- as long as they keep their inner adults bound and gagged.
0.1 Slapdash and boring.
0.75 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape: a James Bond series for kids.
0.5 Rodriguez's storyline is too busy to have much emotional impact.
0.65 If you never thought a movie featuring a flying pig (known as 'spork') and a half-snake, half-lizard (slizzard) could be dull, think again.
0.75 You don't have to be a child to enjoy Spy Kids 2, but it certainly helps.
0.75 Director Robert Rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle.
0.8 Chockfull of nonstop inventiveness and unadulterated fun!
0.6 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh. Not as good as the original, but what is...
0.7 Director/writer Robert Rodriguez spins a razzle-dazzle tale for the small fry, filled with gadgets and monsters.
0.625 While the Island and Ray Harryhausen-esque effects are great, the message gets lost amongst the eye candy.
0.75 ...like walking into a little boy's room where countless toys are scattered about in mid-play. It may be messy, but the sheer imagination on display is undeniable.
0.5 There's way too much CGI gadgetry, some inventive, much simply flashy in the worst kind of video-game way. The kids are nearly lost in the glitz.
0.6 The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going, with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained.
1.0 For Spy Kids 2 the seams are well-hidden and a more relaxed Rodriguez is inside working his feng-shui mojo, rearranging rooms to widen the flow of inspiration. The result is a truly daft but wholly organic world fueled by free association.
0.55 Overall, there's certainly enough of the familiar as well as the new to please fans of the series. For others, it's passable diversionary entertainment.
0.5 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience. But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming.
0.875 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, however, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking.
0.5 A...more imaginative sequel...but plagued by an emptiness inside that cannot be denied.
0.7 Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez.
0.5 To the delight of gadgetheads and the dismay of the rest of us, Spy Kids' paraphernalia is better developed and considerably more fun than its story.
0.4 Though it's competently made, Spy Kids 2 is a classic example of the too hasty sequel, a movie with few ideas and no heart.
0.875 The imagery snaps and pops with such jumpy, carefree energy that the movie seems to be making itself up as it goes along.
0.75 [Spy Kids 2] is both overblown and overlong compared to the original -- but happily has enough heart and smarts to recommend it as one of the season's worthier family entertainments.
0.625 Leaves you wishing Rodriguez had saved some of his ideas for another movie. There's a difference between fast-paced and chaotic, and Spy Kids 2 often blurs the line between the two.
0.875 Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels: It actually improves upon the original hit movie.
1.0 A fantastical fun house of a film, one that freely, joyfully, considerately expands upon themes set forth in last summer's sleeper family audience hit.
0.75 If you saw last summer's Spy Kids, then Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams will surely be on your agenda. If you didn't, and you see the sequel, you can safely add to that agenda a trip to the video store for the original.
0.75 It's refreshing to see a kids' action movie in which the most crucial 'special effect' is a rubber band.
0.75 Strictly as a kids' movie, Spy Kids 2 stands pretty tall.
0.875 The sequel is more adult than its predecessor, but just as gadget-packed and action-filled.
0.5 A homogenous and formulaic attempt in continuing the exploits of master spy kids Carmen (Alexa Vega) and Juni (Daryl Sabara) Cortez.
0.5 With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry.
0.625 A worthy successor to last year's surprise hit.
0.875 At every level, it is crystal-clear that Spy Kids 2 is a labor of love concocted by one ingenious mind.
0.8 The movie is a gaudy, noisy thrill ride -- hyperactive, slightly out of control and full of kinetic, mischievous charm.
0.7 Though Spy Kids 2 has a touch of sequel-itis, it is still imaginative, smart and stands on its own.
0.5 Though the sequel's brisk pace and imaginative monsters should keep kids relatively fidget-free, it fails on almost every other level.
0.875 More so than the first movie, Spy Kids 2 is sheer fun. Having already revealed his characters, writer-director Robert Rodriguez can concentrate on their adventures.
0.625 Agreeably substantive and charmingly resourceful, a pleasant diversion for late summer that won't actually make your children appreciably stupider.
0.6 Delivers everything you want from a sequel -- familiarity and innovation in equal measure.
0.375 There's no excuse for following up a delightful, well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish.
0.7 Rodriguez has put together an satisfying sequel; the writing is very witty and the plot moves along briskly.
0.625 ...has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - but it's a rushed, slapdash, sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity.
0.75 The best part of the picture is the sibling rivalry and cooperation between Carmen and Juni, who still have great chemistry together.
0.8 With traditional family values and kid-empowerment, it's a rollicking good roller-coaster ride for its target audience.
0.5 Rock solid family fun out of the gates, extremely imaginative through out, but wanes in the middle
0.625 Gizmos are groovy but parents are even more cool.
0.625 By film's end, it's clear that family values are every bit as important to this kiddie empowerment saga as the inventiveness of its gizmos.
0.5 Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now.
0.75 Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.
0.75 [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.
0.7 Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.
0.7 Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut.
0.5 ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking.
1.0 Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic.
0.6 By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time.
0.875 A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories.
1.0 It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again.
1.0 Ridiculously entertaining.
0.625 The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks.
0.8 Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun.
0.8 The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic.
0.7 ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone.
0.8 Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic.
0.6 Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort.
0.6 I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie.
0.8 The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon.
0.6 The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun.
0.625 ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number.
0.8 The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments.
0.8 The fantasy elements are so seamlessly blended with real elements. There is very little disbelief by the characters, and you want to believe yourself by the end.
0.6 Apart from the ecofriendly message, we have, as always, Miyazaki's magnificently inventive animation, which is almost enough to carry the day.
0.6 There's still plenty of gorgeous eye-candy to keep adults going if they've taken their kids along for some unthreatening entertainment.
0.8 Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie.
0.8 A sweet love story about a boy and his fish, Ponyo is a weird yet wonderful children's fantasy, and marks another milestone in the career of Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 His antediluvian underwater creatures are gorgeous, a world removed from Finding Nemo, his sweeping tides and smashing tsunamis are a patchwork of colour and technique.
0.81 That rare children's movie that actually taps into the unique imaginative power of a child's mind.
0.6 Though far from Studio Ghibli's best film, Ponyo is still a magical experience.
0.875 Significantly, Miyazaki creates realistic, valid and memorably attractive characters, such as the heroic-vulnerable-patient-nurturing-tough mother, Tina Fey.
0.9 While the animation in Ponyo is simplistic, even crude by many people's standards, there is no denying the film's dazzling color palette, masterful attention to detail and dizzying imagination.
0.4 Shouldn't an anime' auteur of Hayao Miyazaki's stature avoid a story about a sea creature interacting with a human child? Isn't that "Finding Nemo?"
0.8 Doesn't commit itself to mining our deeper feelings, and as such it feels much more geared to younger viewers; but with that comes dazzling displays of drawn and painted visuals, full of color, life.
0.4 Though Ponyo contains images so haunting that it's hard to dismiss altogether, this is one of Miyazaki's feeblest efforts.
0.7 While it continually stimulates our imagination, it's a little too odd to really resonate.
0.8 Perfect family entertainment with a subtle environmental message.
0.8 Miyazaki's back, and still a force of nature. A weird, wonderful aquatic romp, Ponyo is also a meditation on the state of this blue planet. Catch it.
0.8 We're drawn under the waves of the sea to a hidden enclave of neon-hued aqualife more vibrant, surreal and enchanting than any of the floating 3D whatsits in 'Avatar'.
0.8 A fantastic looking, inventive and well-acted children's film, but a children's film nonetheless - and that's all it was ever intended to be.
0.8 As usual, Miyazaki treads a thin line between intuitive, unshackled fantasy and simply seeming to makes things up as he goes along, but there is never a dull moment in the film's imagery.
0.8 An arresting work from an unmistakable film-making personality.
0.8 A simple tale, less freighted by foreboding than Miyazaki's recent output. In any case, storytelling is less important to him than mood or texture. His films are dream waltzes, all liquid motion and mysterious turbulences.
0.8 Ponyo is The Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Fantasia, all wrapped up in one fin-tastic movie, and guaranteed to hold the attention of the most CG-addled five year old.
0.8 Bar the climactic dip, another Ghibli charmer that finds story, subject matter and style in freewheeling harmony. You haven't seen the sea until you've seen it through Miyazaki's goggles.
0.8 This is a million miles away from the garish and crude cartoons that American studios often churn out, and serves as a reminder that animated films can be imaginative, enchanting and exciting while still telling a sweet, good-hearted story.
0.8 [Miyazaki's] dream-like visuals which sparkle in the deep blue sea.
0.8 Absurdly delightful, a prestidigitation of line and colour.
0.6 No animator captures the movement of tides and the deep physics of the sea as lyrically as Miyazaki, and the story's themes of rejuvenation and ecological balance carry a highly topical edge.
0.8 It may be a feelgood story but it's the stunning animation and the director's imagination that take the eye.
1.0 If you want to see something suitable for all ages that will dazzle you sideways and remind you of the awesome power of animation done right, you should see this.
1.0 Be bold enough to watch someone color outside the lines on purpose
0.8 The underwater scenes are as rich and teeming as Miyazaki's boundless imagination; little Ponyo in her human form, joyfully wobbling around on her newly sprouted legs, is a pure delight.
0.8 Beautifully animated, utterly charming adventure with a strong voice cast, delightful characters and an emotionally engaging, if bonkers, storyline.
0.9 Ponyo is a delight, so long as you accept it for what it is... an empowering, completely upbeat wonder-tale.
0.75 Minor Miyazaki to be sure, this film pales in comparison to many of his recent features.
0.75 Miyazaki refuses to be dismissed
0.8 lacks any real sense of conflict or danger. It makes up for it. . . with a delightfully absurd internal logic that is perfectly keyed into the way small children see the world
0.5 Hayao Miyazaki is off his game with this film that has weaker art and animation than his usual films and a script that needed another draft or two.
0.5 Ponyo is something of a disappointment. Leaving aside the plot deficiencies and storytelling awkwardness, Mr. Miyazaki's latest simply doesn't look good.
0.8 Miyazaki effortlessly combines the marvellous and the mundane in his cinema. Visually, Ponyo is an imaginative, exhilarating work, but its vigour and energy are achieved with surprising simplicity.
0.8 It is a delight, this film. There is so much imagination at work here.
0.8 Miyazaki has come up with another memorable film in Ponyo, which is roughly inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid... it's incredibly beautiful as Miyazaki explores an amazing world of sea creatures and human beings.
0.8 It's one of Miyazaki's funniest and most intimate films so far, partly because of the engaging matter-of-factness with which he marries the extravagantly fantastic with the comforting realities of everyday life.
1.0 Lately, when I want to smile, I just think of Ponyo.
1.0 Heralds a return to the child-like wonder of Miyazaki's enduring My Neighbor Totoro. And what do you know? It's another masterpiece.
0.75 Compared to the animated garbage that typically passes through stateside theaters, it's practically a godsend.
1.0 The sight of the giddy and newly bipedal Ponyo racing atop the waves of a magically roiling flood may be the happiest and most memorable image of the movie year.
0.8 The film's pleasures are immensely simple, but this does not make them less real or wonderful.
0.75 The film's joys are numerous, and most of them are small and simple. To start with, the animation -- all hand-drawn -- is simply breathtaking.
0.625 I sure like Miyazaki's visual style, but could he for once make a movie that actually made sense? Or have realistic characters, like a mother who wouldn't leave her 5 year alone during an extremely dangerous storm?
0.875 ..something like Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid - if Nemo and Ariel had gotten together to ingest some new variety of aquatic shrooms.
1.0 Ponyo towers over this summer of empty toy-related blockbusters. It will end up as one of the best films in American release this year.
0.875 For those who love 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke,' as I do, here's another Hayao Miyazaki tale of friendship and fantasy.
0.8 Visually stunning, it's a fantastical, enchanting charmer that's bound to delight children and adults alike.
0.7 Not the spectacle that Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away are, Ponyo's beautiful, hand-drawn storybook pastels, mesmerising swirls of colourful action and sweet message of friendship are a gentle delight.
0.75 His twisted version of Finding Nemo meets Splash, the movie won't go down as one of his best, but it's still better than 90 percent of animation out there.
0.9 Some may find it too childish, but the movie's innocence is infectious, and Miyazaki's artistry utterly transporting.
0.9 In a Summer of senseless mayhem and underwhelming efforts, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is majestic. It easily matches (and in many cases, surpasses) the best the genre has to offer.
0.4 Probably the most saccarine horror film I've seen in years.
0.6 Trippy in the right way, and wholly enchanting.
0.875 This exquisite pastel-colored, eye-popping example of hand-drawn animation is still very Japanese, aimed most specifically at children around the world -- but with a storytelling sophistication that adults will savor.
0.5 Miyazaki's artwork can be lovely -- and the delicate, watery colors of Ponyo are particularly well done -- but he's still a slave to the genre's peculiar traditions.
1.0 Five minutes into this magical film you'll be making lists of the individuals of every age you can expose to the very special mixture of fantasy and folklore, adventure and affection, that make up the enchanted vision of Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 Ponyo is a visually arresting work by an anime master, and both cute enough and suspenseful enough to keep pre-schoolers in their seats.
0.875 You watch a Miyazaki film with the pie-eyed, gape-mouthed awe of a child being read the most fantastic story and suddenly transported to places previously beyond the limits of imagination. It's quite a trip.
0.8 'Ponyo' is a worthy piece of work from an artist who takes his work and his audience seriously.
0.875 Miyazaki works marvels. Sit back and behold.
0.75 As beautiful as Ponyo is to the eye, the movie -- thanks in part to a spotty English-language adaptation -- is sometimes a bit grating to the ear and confusing to the brain.
0.75 It's very much a charming kids' film, created by a master of animation.
1.0 The 68-year-old filmmaker shows that he's at the peak of his skills, both as a visual artist and a storyteller.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki's magical Ponyo blends fantasy with just a drop of reality, and the result is irresistible.
0.875 A bright tale of wonder and connection, Ponyo is a reminder that a G rating needn't be a "little kid" designation.
0.75 Disney has done an unusually fine job of Americanizing Ponyo with a delicate script by "E.T." writer Melissa Mathison and warm, expressive voice work. Now, I just hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears.
0.625 The film is visually stunning, however, with a A-list cast of voices that include Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, and Tina Fey.
0.75 It's a wonderful place that Miyazaki creates, an alternatively sweet and savage world that defies physics and common sense, as imaginative and impossible in its own way as Jules Verne's sci-fi fantasies or Maurice Sendak's animal kingdom.
0.6 Those who consider Miyazaki a filmmaking master will probably consider this another one of his masterpieces.
0.8 Miyazaki's stunning adventure is geared to younger kids.
0.85 The type of glorious filmmaking and storytelling that should appeal to everyone ... a wonderful and magical film that should be seen and enjoyed as a family.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki proves that he is not only a master animator but also a master storyteller. Ponyo is easily one of the best films -- animated or live action -- of the year.
0.85 Sometimes it's enough to just sit back and let a beautiful work of animation wash over you, letting the troubles of the world slide past as the pictures take you out of this world. Ponyo is just that sort of film.
0.9 When the ocean rises in this wonderful movie, each leaping wave stares out at us with a baleful eye as if in watchful and worried wait.
0.875 Wondrous, weird, and sweetly innocent, Ponyo is a tale bursting with love, which is recommendation enough for the young and the young at heart.
0.75 you get a psychedelic, visually stunning film with a Japanese flavor, instead of one with pop culture flavor (and no talking dogs or balloons).
0.825 A magical, uplifting and visually stunning film that's exhilarating for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.75 Even though Ponyo is not one of Miyazaki's great masterpieces (at least from a narrative perspective), it is so beautiful and immersive that it's hard to imagine grown ups not losing themselves in it.
0.7 Ponyo will sure make you long for the days of hand-drawn animation.
0.7 Accompanying adults will likely find themselves just as enthralled as their little ones.
1.0 "Ponyo" is the kind of dazzling cinematic experience that will resonate in the hearts and minds of anyone who sees it for a long time afterwards.
0.875 A good number of Miyazaki's fans will be disappointed by what looks like a step back, but the relaxed simplicity of the new film eventually works its effortless magic.
1.0 We are truly dealing with a master.
0.875 With its ever-shifting world and palpable sense of magic, Ponyo captures the wonder of being a child.
0.75 Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good.
0.6 A charming and enchanting mystical fairy tale about a goldfish who becomes a girl and a little boy who loves her and introduces her with pride to his world of wonders.
0.6 A loose adaptation of The Little Mermaid that's full of fantastic visuals and genuine whimsy, but a little lax when it comes to plot logic or meaningful themes.
0.75 A lovely and unique feast for the eyes and the heart.
0.75 If you've never experienced a Miyazaki movie, here's your chance to try one. Come on in. The water's fine.
0.75 Nothing in the great animation of a Miyazaki movie stays cute for long. Not the ocean, not the trees, not the critters that live in them. Change is constant but rarely natural.
0.7 comes from a great line of Miyazaki heroines
1.0 Fable, emotion and psychology merge in a fairy-tale brew that will hold children rapt and engage the better angels of adults.
0.9 I feel like I need a second viewing for full absorption.
0.875 Ponyo isn't quite as memorable as some of Miyazaki's previous works, but it's a magical experience that's far superior to most animated offerings.
1.0 This poetic, visually breathtaking work by the greatest of all animators has such deep charm that adults and children will both be touched. It's wonderful and never even seems to try: It unfolds fantastically.
0.8 Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones.
1.0 ...a sweetly lovable and visually trippy movie that young tots and their parents can enjoy in equal measure.
0.6 What held in the animator's previous films as eccentrically multifaceted dream logic comes off for once as a series of non sequiturs -- but really, why complain while sucking on an Everlasting Gobstopper of eye candy?
0.8 Charming, amusing and firmly anchored in a child's point of view, this movie from the master animator of Spirited Away makes a great introduction to that acquired-taste style of filmmaking.
0.6 See this film if you're looking to immerse yourself in a sense of delight over the simple wonders of a child's world.
0.8 With a starry, first-rate voice cast and the shortened name, this Disney-fied version remains a magnificent animation wonder and a pure delight.
0.625 Until its fizzle of a finale, Ponyo, Hayao Miyazaki's latest artisanally-crafted anime daydream, brims forth with an appealingly willy-nilly inventiveness pitched to a child's sense of wonder.
1.0 Great Olivier performance and direction.
0.8 Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made.
0.8 A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda.
0.8 The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation.
0.8 A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema.
0.8 The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film.
0.5 If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co
1.0 A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage.
1.0 Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date.
0.8 A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art.
1.0 That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others.
1.0 Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance.
1.0 Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently.
0.375 A synthesis of stuff we've seen in every gangster movie since the '70s
0.75 Hensleigh wields the techniques with a sure hand and uses them to construct a compelling, engaging narrative, but at the same time seasoned viewers will constantly feel a nagging sense of familiarity.
0.5 It's not just that the movie appears to find Greene far more charming than he was in Porrello's book. It's that Kill the Irishman never brings either freshness or energy to its tale. In the end, even the many explosions seem tired.
0.4 Certainly the filmmakers rounded up the right cast of tough-guy actors for this story of mob activity, but their presence doesn't lend much vigor to this unfocused and sentimental tale.
0.5 ...suffers from the twin deficits of a charm-free leading man and a screenplay that seems composed of dialogue and scenes written and then discarded by writers working on better films.
0.5 Hey, "Kill the Irishman." "The Sopranos" called. It wants its actors back. Along with everything else you borrowed.
0.4 Rushed and simplistic, with little sense of its characters as people or the flavor of their time and place.
0.75 [Stevenson is] crazily charismatic here, a blend of brash cockiness and sensitivity, and he makes a satisfying film even better.
0.625 Hensleigh romanticizes Greene and doesn't have a very nuanced understanding of labor racketeering. That said, he does possess a fine eye for shabby urban landscapes and a nice way with explosions.
0.7 The cast makes up for some occasionally spotty storytelling and telegraphing of events that keep "Irishman" from being as good as it could have been.
0.75 What makes this film special and memorable is the character of Danny Green, who is not the usual neighborhood hoodlum you see in movies, the kind who gets in deep and gradually loses his soul.
0.5 Stevenson is big and swarthy and not altogether without credibility, but he's got as much charisma as a potato.
0.6 The film is proof that a good story and a great cast can overcome a lot of obstacles.
0.7 I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I hope we get to see more quality mob movies sooner rather than later.
0.2 A movie that includes Val Kilmer, Vincent D'Onofrio and Christopher Walken shouldn't be dull, but somehow Kill The Irishman manages it.
0.5 At the same time overemphatic and insecure.
0.625 It's full of familiar old faces, a wee bit of color -- and, occasionally, a literally explosive charge of drama.
0.625 As a kind of St. Patrick's Day hangover, "Kill the Irishman'' gets the job done.
0.6 A mishmash of familiar mafia tale beats and rise to power/fall from glory tropes, the film is nonetheless buoyed by a strong cast -- particularly its star, Ray Stevenson, who plays the flagrantly coifed mad bomber Greene.
0.5 The setting lacks the gritty feel of the mean streets of New York, Jersey or even Boston mob movies. It is, after all, Cleveland. The story, which gets bogged down in detail, often feels predictable and lacks spark.
0.5 As Danny's old-lady neighbor puts it, there's a bit of good in every Irishman, and the same goes for this movie, what with the performances from Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Christopher Walken.
0.6 The film successfully evokes a mid 70's inner city look and feel, and builds dramatic tension, but from the title on down we know the ending that is coming.
0.75 The film stands apart from its countless predecessors in its evocation of the existential essence of a life spent perpetually looking over one's shoulder.
0.5 An extravagantly corny ode to the collapse of the Cleveland mafia in the 1970s.
0.5 In the lead role, the snarling Ray Stevenson suffers from a charisma deficit.
0.4 Cliched shards of mob movies that add up to the usual "Goodfellas" knockoff.
0.6 Yes, we've seen all this stuff before, but we've never seen this version of this stuff before.
0.75 A fun and entertaining take on the genre.
0.25 A mind-numbingly familiar saga of thuggish tough guys, dapper mafioso, and urban warfare that, despite a based-on-real-life pedigree, proves indistinguishable from its imitative brethren.
1.0 Anderson is often mistakenly dismissed as a hack but the artist is actually working within the confines of Hollywood genre cinema, constantly transcending and elevating it through the triumph of his avant-garde visual sensibility.
0.4 Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution, which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization.
0.3 More high-calorie, low-sense, audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise.
0.6 It's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice: she gives the character just enough personality, but not enough to break the somber apocalyptic mood.
0.625 The Resident Evil films are not everyone's bag, although they seem to be evolving into their own brand of hyper-stylized cheese, made more extreme with each outing.
0.65 For those of us who know what we're in for with the series, the fifth installment is for better or worse, more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer
0.4 You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you can't varnish a turd.
0.6 If you liked the other Resident Evil films, you'll like this, and the end suggests there'll be plenty more.
0.4 More than ever, forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes.
0.4 Resident Evil: Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept.
0.2 Even noisier, more incoherent, and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors.
0.4 While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused, this one seems a good deal lazier, both in the writing and directing departments.
0.5 'Regurgitation' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round...
0.5 Containing almost no story, Resident Evil: Retribution shows the series' video-game origin more than ever.
0.4 Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy.
0.5 Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine, but the movie is just more of the same old stuff.
0.125 Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn, but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson?
0.4 It takes a while for the film to start being bad.
0.625 A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy.
0.3 Dreary,loud and uber-violent but, having grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, there's no stopping this franchise.
0.4 'Resident Evil: Retribution' does feel like a miniscule improvement over 'Afterlife,' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course.
0.25 A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones, the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants.
0.25 The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement.
0.2 Thuddingly awful.
0.375 "Resident Evil: Retribution" brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago.
0.4 A zombie plague may have laid waste the world, but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted.
0.7 Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects, director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick, glossy, futuristic action pulp.
0.4 Nao tem historia; tem fases.
0.6 Paul W.S. Anderson's writing may not have blown minds and our characters may not be up for any awards, but Resident Evil: Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level.
0.5 Anderson's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil: Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands.
0.625 You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight, form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other, or you don't. It's really that simple.
0.3 I half-believed this movie was, indeed, a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong.
0.8 a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. "The Other Master" Anderson, it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema.
0.875 At this point in the franchise, Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop, ever-ending, ever-rebooting, all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense.
0.375 Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys, then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing, ad nauseum.
0.4 Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then, but if Retribution has one glaring problem it's that it has far too many of them.
0.6 Resident Evil movies don't tell stories so much as they provide variations on a theme, and that theme is: a pubescent boy's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare
0.25 "At last," Alice narrates, "we thought we had survived the horror." But no.
0.2 We don't go to video game movies for plot, of course, but there has to be something to hold onto; otherwise, why would we care if our protagonist were in danger?
0.5 The film's extravagant action scenes have not a whiff of consequence to them, and other than Alice, the foremost quality of all of the characters is their disposability.
0.2 Resurrecting some dead characters from the previous films doesn't do much from moving this lifeless film to an exciting action film fans want to enjoy.
0.75 We do not expect quality from Resident Evil any longer. We expect our brains to be expunged of common sense and pumped full of endorphins wearing fetish costumes.
0.3 If they ran these scenes at normal speed, would 95 dreary minutes become a much more expedient 20 to 25?
0.4 The horror sequel equivalent of a "clip show" episode of Friends.
0.6 As far as a Paul W.S. Anderson 'Resident Evil' goes, ['Retribution' is] a mind-melting popcorn film gelled with insane amounts of action-packed eye-candy.
0.375 Proves without a shadow of a doubt that this franchise is just jerking viewers around as it paces in circles. At some point, even Alice is going to have to admit that she's been wasting her time.
0.375 Like an established pizza chain, director Anderson is in thrall to a guarantee: all relationships, of any significance, will be established in three seconds or less.
0.2 Lacks inventiveness in any single fibre of its being - and worse, it's dull.
0.6 The movie is convoluted, of course, but it is also slick, savage and thrilling.
0.375 It's all the same blah-blah carnage as the first four flicks, with 3D effects hurling blood, blades and body parts into the audience amid a non-stop barrage of gunfire and explosions.
0.2 Boring fight movie. Wayne Newton is okay, but nothing exciting here.
0.4 A major studio actually backed this sequel?
0.3 Even as far as this style of junk goes ... "Best of the Best 2" is pretty darn bad.
0.4 Goofy enough to be enjoyed on its own merits, but the "MST3k" version is pure gold.
0.5 Creaky, old-hat, and forgettable.
0.4 Erratic effort by master Hitchcock.
0.6 Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
0.5 As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes, 'Insurgent' is average.
0.75 Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely, a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts.
0.4 There's not a single frame "wrong" with the movie... but there also isn't anything in the whole of that's even fleetingly entertaining.
0.25 Miraculously, Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed, a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior.
0.4 Large interior scenes seem designed, propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical---I halfway expected someone to break into a song called "Beyond the Wall."
0.375 Dauntless, Divergent, Erudite, Abnegation, Factionless, Candor. May I add the audience faction, Ennui? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus, this is it.
0.4 The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences.
0.875 After the tepid snore that was the last "Hunger Games" installment, "Insurgent" is muscular, brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level.
0.6 Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted, with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains, and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments.
0.5 Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates, features little in the way of meaningful character development, and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived, contrived developments.
0.4 For a film about standing out, this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably.
0.5 The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping, less violence and especially less fitful dreaming.
0.5 Tris and Four never grow as characters, while Winslet's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework.
0.5 An angst-riddled, fast-paced sequel - a "Hunger Games" wannabe...
0.5 The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more. Thank God for Shailene Woodley though.
0.4 still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film
0.2 It's all a bit of an unengaging muddle, covered over with concrete grunge, clean white labs, and stagy special effects.
0.56 You won't feel like you wasted your money, but you'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on. Like a "Hunger Games" book.
0.4 Put it this way: At the end of this movie, not one significant character is frozen in carbonite.
0.46 The visuals didn't feel realistic enough to engage and overall "Insurgent" is a let down. Unless you're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it's based, I'd wait for cable.
0.3 Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine.
0.6 Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series.
0.6 Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really, for a mildly entertaining action film, Insurgent could have been much worse.
0.5 The dialogue is clunky, and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional. Moreover, it's all so earnest.
0.4 As a distillation of all that's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction, it could hardly be bettered.
0.4 It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series, but the gap is now huge. If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful, sharp-toothed canine, Insurgent is more like a slug.
0.625 It's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material, knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided, rather than its artistic ones.
0.875 As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut (a holdover from Woodley's role as cancer patient Hazel in "The Fault in Our Stars"), Tris comes into her own as a hero who's both dynamic and sensitive.
0.6 Dystopian sequel ups romance factor; still very violent.
0.4 Ironically teens aren't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic, pathetic, practically pointless movie.
0.5 Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge.
0.5 It's better than the first one, but I thought the first one kinda stunk, so don't take that statement as too much of a compliment.
0.5 Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent's last half-hour, in which the movie goes "lysergic," as on an acid trip.
0.6 Much like the last film, the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness.
0.625 Unlike Divergent, which required pages of premise-establishing exposition, Insurgent is more purely action-centric, as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees, hopping freight trains, trying to elude capture.
0.5 Thankfully there's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga, which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross.
0.625 Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes. Wanting to see where Tris goes from here&#151;and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life&#151;is more than enough incentive to keep watching.
0.5 [L]et's be clear: This is only slightly better than the last movie, with 'slightly' being the key.
0.4 Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel.
0.6 The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects.
0.375 This second installment, based on Veronica Roth's series of YA novels, feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014's Divergent, and lacks tension and excitement.
0.4 When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris, there's a spark. Otherwise, it's a plodding letdown.
0.6 It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine, James as her square-jawed beau, Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller (from Whiplash) as the Iago-like Peter.
0.5 It's impressive how the likes of Winslet, Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction.
0.625 Insurgent has more action than last year's debut film, which was modestly titled just Divergent. Action is what you want in a picture such as this, especially when you don't really have a lot on your mind.
0.625 It's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action, angst, and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach, thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises.
0.375 There's suspension of disbelief and then there's what the Divergent movies require, which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity.
0.625 Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes, but overall the film feels cold. Schwentke struggles to decide if "Insurgent" is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice.
0.4 Maybe you had to read the book?
0.4 less interesting than exasperating
0.6 The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel. But it's less of a chore.
0.625 Watch out Katniss, your competition is hard as nails.
0.6 A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman.
0.54 The performances are fine. Everyone is solid, though they're not asked to do too much.
0.5 A trio of screenwriters (Brian Duffield, Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback) whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions.
0.875 Smart, Slick and Superior to its predecessor.
0.5 It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations, moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride, free from clunky exposition.
0.625 Along the way, Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she'd rather forget. I know how she feels.
0.6 Luckily for "Insurgent," Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration.
0.0 Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller, this whole thing would implode into a black hole.
0.625 Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt, self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are, by definition, one-dimensional.
0.5 "Insurgent" would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning. But they are saved for the end, and they leave the viewer with a feeling of, "Well, that was OK," even though most of it wasn't.
0.75 If you've seen "Divergent," this builds on it nicely.
0.5 Fans of the first will love it. All others need not apply.
0.5 Even if you're curious about it, the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical, with action that never feels novel or exciting.
0.2 It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology, building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence.
0.4 Insurgent does get a few things right along the way, [but] they're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie.
0.7 A sharp improvement on the original, this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters...
0.5 "Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Tris cries at one point, and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled.
0.625 The cast still shines, but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels.
0.4 It scooped up the right star and it knows it; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness.
0.625 Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare.
0.75 Puts the urgent in Insurgent.
0.5 Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise, so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested. Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother.
0.5 Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor. Too bad its characters aren't any more interesting.
0.7 Insurgent succeeds because it doesn't bother explaining a darn thing.
0.5 A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado.
0.625 The actors are more or less saving this franchise's bacon.
0.5 Of the featured cast, only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode, although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed.
0.25 Practically everyone you're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else. So you might want to take the hint.
0.4 There's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films.
0.375 Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum, Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent.
0.875 While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie, I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp.
0.5 Trainloads of action abound (literally), but it's essentially generic combat. Punch, point, shoot, kill, get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits.
0.625 While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four, it plays as mostly resolved; you don't walk out of the theater thinking, I can't wait til the next one.
0.3 The only uprising that the regressive, repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers, rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors.
0.75 That's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too. But in "Insurgent," twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters.
0.35 School is out forever in the Divergent series. And honestly, after all that set up, I don't know that this world is worth saving.
0.2 Woodley, great in "The Spectacular Now" and "The Fault in Our Stars," is a humdrum action star. Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever.
0.4 The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four (Theo James) is non-existent.
0.6 The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging, but it's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating.
0.5 The finale, at least, gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA "Hunger Games" formula in the next film.
0.4 Maybe that's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move [for Woodley]. When you're watching Insurgent, trying to quell the boredom, all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her.
0.6 Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise, it just about makes sense, and Woodley sells it with all her conviction.
0.4 Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke's sequel to lessen bewilderment.
0.75 A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence.
0.4 Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth's derivative Young Adult series.
0.6 It's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies. Oh, boo hoo, your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task. You know, we all have problems.
0.4 "I know this doesn't make any sense," breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent's flamboyantly muddled finale, "but you have to trust me." You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that.
0.4 Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances, the entire movie feels like a simulation, devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes.
0.4 This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing, but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure.
0.4 Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity, and it's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving.
0.6 Cute talking animal movie has some scary moments.
0.6 Heaven knows what Brian De Palma (originally slated to direct) would have made of it, but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West, with whom Statham remade The Mechanic, keeps things simple.
0.4 Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre. But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer, failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest.
0.4 The fight scenes are deadpan and electric, as they should be in a Statham film, but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion.
0.4 It might have high-rolling credentials, but Wild Card is bluffing.
0.6 [It's] offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years.
0.4 Bar. Big breasts. Bodyguard. Jason Statham! Cockney, mate. Vegas, innit?
0.4 It emerges, alas, as a compromise, hedging its bets between cheery, characterful Ocean's-ish caper and brute-force beat-'em-up; we're offered helpings of both, but not enough of either to satisfy.
0.4 Ideal Statham - see 2002's The Transporter - is a gent, a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things. The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug, a braggart and a loser. It won't do.
0.5 Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays, but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting...
0.2 With Wild Card, Statham may finally have overplayed his hand.
0.55 As for the actual plot, it's a tedious and wonky affair, packed with typical crime-thriller elements.
0.4 Statham remake is violent and contemplative, not thrilling.
0.6 Too often it's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going, or if it's going anywhere.
0.85 A pulpy, enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters, even when they only get a few lines of dialogue.
0.4 It's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers.
0.625 Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else...
0.625 This film's tagline should be "Come for the stabbing, stay for the gabbing!"
0.625 There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents, and the groans you hear will not be his.
0.75 No stranger to piloting action films, West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace.
0.5 Wild Card doesn't really do [Statham] any favours, despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree.
0.3 Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle, Wild Card should really be called Mild Card.
0.52 Statham, in turn, is an aloof, drowsy shell of a leading man, the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace. He seems just as bored as the audience must be. He is, once again, so much better than this.
0.6 Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor.
0.4 The rest of the film doesn't feel particularly coherent, mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development.
0.25 Las Vegas steals the show, even though it's played by New Orleans.
0.375 "This is the height of my career," says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ...
0.2 Does the curdled thriller "Wild Card" represent a brief misstep? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham, like so many action heroes before him, settles into self-caricature?
0.7 One of Statham's better vehicles.
0.5 Script by William "Marathon Man/Misery" Goldman, ass-kicking by Jason Statham? It's not all bad.
0.4 Even for a shaggy dog tale, this is too shaggy, and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems.
0.375 The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse.
0.625 It's as beautifully animated as its predecessor, but its mixed message is troubling: It begins by endorsing nonviolence, as Hiccup insists that friendship can be a more powerful motivator than force, but ends by bludgeoning the bad guys into submission.
0.8 With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots.
0.875 A command of genre creativity blended with human insight.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period
0.75 With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie.
0.75 Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki.
1.0 Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year.
0.8 A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex.
1.0 Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike.
0.6 The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3.
0.8 It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast.
0.8 The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it.
0.8 The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success.
0.8 This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook.
0.8 Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ...
0.8 Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair.
0.8 Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing.
0.6 Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement.
0.8 At times terrifying and too tough for tinies, this is nevertheless a triumphant sequel that puts its faith in Hiccup and Toothless to find a way through dark times for man and dragon.
0.6 his franchise has swiftly proven itself to be one that has heart to match its dazzling visuals - it exists in a world that feels tactile, for once the 3D isn't crushingly disappointing.
0.7 Not as fresh or funny as its 2010 predecessor but with a bang-up second half, much visual beauty and a surprising emotional resonance.
0.8 This isn't just a more soulful movie, it's a much more spectacular one too. At times, it makes it's glossy rivals look like they belong in the Dark Ages
0.8 It begs the question: Are animated studio such as Pixar and DreamWorks catering to a much more mature audience? Or are they pushing the hearts and minds of wee-ones into new, dark boundaries?
0.8 Game of What? This is our new desert island dragon-themed pop pick.
0.7 There's actually a point about 90 minutes in where things take a very dark turn, and I momentarily thought the movie was going to end on an incredible down note.
0.7 The swirl of storylines, plot twists and huge battles might prove a tad too intense for kids under 10, and even adults will have to pay close attention...Still, the film can't be faulted for its movement, humour or [its] sheer beauty.
0.6 An efficient and entertaining franchise sequel, but it restates how conventionally Americanised this property has become in comparison with the literary original ...
0.7 Those who made [this film] know the kids who adored the original have grown since the [first one] and they're trying mightily to grow with them. That counts for something in today's popular culture universe, even if they seem to be trying awfully hard.
0.2 Unable to settle on any one story idea in particular, writer-director Dean DeBlois throws in three or four, which intersect at odd moments, like cars at a busy intersection, refusing to give the right of way, so that no one ends up going anywhere fast.
0.5 The most distinctive thing about the series is its strictly rational handling of fantasy themes. The dragons themselves can be fearsome or adorable - but since they don't speak, they're treated for the most part as pieces of hardware or beasts of burden.
0.8 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is the most solid, light, and enjoyable fantasy film of the summer.
0.7 There's something uniquely appealing, especially to kids, about animals acting like animals.
0.7 One of the top handful of movies ever made by DreamWorks Animation, but pretty much across-the-board weaker than the original How to Train Your Dragon.
0.8 I'm so impressed I actually saw a movie where I plonked down the coin for 3D and felt like I hadn't been robbed.
0.875 Dragon 2 does what every sequel should do, but few even attempt - expand the horizons of its original.
0.8 A rarity because this sequel outdoes the original.
0.7 A visual stunner with aerial sequences that will take your breath away, and many of the dogfights (dragonfights?) have that Star Wars sizzle.
0.9 A great sequel feels fresh and familiar all at the same time, which is why 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a great sequel.
0.9 Waging peace can be every bit as heroic and satisfying as waging war.
0.8 DeBlois thankfully remembers everything the two of them did right in the previous film.
1.0 With its stunning visuals, majestic score, compelling perspectives, its massive yet impressive sense of scope, and its breathtaking camera angles, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is undeniably phenomenal and the undisputed animated film of the summer.
0.6 It's entertaining and gorgeous, but disjointed, veering between wildly emotional scenes on both ends of the spectrum without much thought for how they should flow together.
0.75 The film isn't afraid to occasionally saunter over to the dark side. How dark? Let's just say there's a late-breaking development here that will result in some moviegoers tagging it as this film's Vader-flavored "I am your father" moment.
0.875 Every bit as endearing as the original, if not even more stirring, 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is full of humor, loss, adventure and romance. In other words, it has the same themes, lovable characters and beautiful look that made the original a hit.
0.875 How refreshing it is to find a summer sequel that's not simply louder or wackier than its predecessor, but rather feels like an extension of its first film and all of its best qualities.
0.75 Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office.
1.0 Epic, thrilling 3-D adventure sequel is outstanding.
0.6 In the bigger is better world of Hollywood sequels, How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes up short. It lacks the novelty of the original and tries too hard to be "about" something more than fun.
0.9 A bigger, and arguably better, sequel experience that features more dragons, larger scale action set pieces, as well as a poignant message on the challenges of growing up.
0.8 An inspired and inspiring piece of escapism, this one will get the kids cheering on their feet and the grown-ups blubbering in their seats.
1.0 How to Train Your Dragon 2 will be tough for your kids to watch, and some of it will require explaining and discussion -- which alone makes it mean and matter more than the majority of designed-to-be-forgotten animated films in theaters these days.
0.85 It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises.
1.0 Not only does this second movie match the charm, wit, animation skill and intelligent storytelling of the original, I think it even exceeds it.
0.875 One of the most beautiful animated films ever made.
0.8 Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire.
1.0 An adventure for the eyes, and one forged with great imagination.
0.8 Just like the first film, when it's done you want to run out and pick up your own dragon.
0.75 While delivering the epic goods, the How to Train Your Dragon franchise continues to keep its eye on helping kids become better people, and that's a cause worth fighting for.
0.85 Dreamworks sure knows HOW to make a sequel: just add more dragons!
0.625 Can we give it a rating of PG-10 or PG-11?
1.0 More than just teaching kids what to think about the world they're coming into, it's a rare film that encourages them to think for themselves.
0.625 This was not a sequel that anybody needed, outside of the accountants. And there's another already planned.
0.875 One of this year's true surprises, the superior animated sequel not only is infused with the same independent spirit and off-kilter aesthetic that enriched the original, it also deepens the first film's major themes.
0.95 Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special.
0.7 It takes what worked the first time and expands upon it, offering bigger, darker, more mature ideas without diminishing the original film.
0.625 Nothing in this likable sequel flies quite so high as those aerial shots.
0.875 Young and old fans of the first movie will be lining up for the wit, for the inventiveness of the characters, for the breathtaking visuals - and just the sheer fun of it all.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" succeeds because it builds on, but doesn't try to replicate, the magic of the first movie.
0.625 It's just a bummer that such a pretty package lacks any real substance.
0.9 Offering a dramatically darker story, this feature serves as an animated homage to 'The Empire Strikes Back.'
0.9 In a summer filled with engaging entertainments, this is one of the best.
0.875 This is far removed from the innocent simplicity of its predecessor; How to Train Your Dragon 2 sees this series growing up -- quickly and for the better.
0.875 Not since Toy Story has an animated movie managed to feel so fresh and vibrant with its second helping.
0.875 This may be the first and last time anyone says this, but if "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is this good, why stop at 3 and 4?
1.0 The impressive part is the storytelling confidence of writer/director Dean DeBlois. He has created a thoughtful tale as meaningful for grown-ups as it is pleasurable for its young primary audience.
0.75 Nearly as exuberant as the original, How to Train Your Dragon 2 nimbly avoids sequel-itis.
0.75 Taking its cues as much from Star Wars and Game of Thrones as from its own storybook narrative, How to Train Your Dragon 2 breathes fire into a franchise sequel.
0.7 Toothless is so vividly, viscerally animated, I worry a child will look askance at her own humble dog and peevishly wonder why Fluffernutter can't fly, or at the very least breathe fire.
0.8 More emotional, exhilarating and expansive than the original. DreamWorks finally has a franchise to match its ambition.
0.875 For once, we have an animated sequel free of the committee-job vibe so common at every animation house, no matter the track record.
0.75 Gruesome? A little. Scary? You bet. But that's exactly what makes the "Dragon" films so different, and so much better, than the average children's fare.
0.75 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a sequel that will inevitably be compared with its predecessor, and while it doesn't reach the level of that original film, it still acts as a decent continuation of the story.
0.75 DeBlois, who also wrote the script, successfully juggles the multiple story lines, shifting allegiances and uncharted lands.
0.875 Dragon 2, like The Empire Strikes Back, takes sequels to a new level of imagination and innovation. It truly is a high-flying, depth-charging wonder to behold.
0.2 'Bigger' pretty much describes this sequel to the 2010 sleeper hit - as opposed to, say, 'different.'
0.75 For audiences who want a sweet story, they can't beat the first film of a boy finding his best friend. For those who are ready for the next stage, try this one about a boy becoming a man.
0.6 It's the unflinching edge that gives the film its unexpected depth.
0.8 The film's real emotional heart comes from its unabashed fanboy love of dragons.
0.8 Overall, a very worthy follow-up.
0.875 The unusual second chapter that hits new heights in almost every way.
0.625 By taking its time in the 4 years since the 1st movie, Dreamworks has mounted a superior 2nd installment, one that gives heretofore untapped personality to its characters and an extra shot of heart to the touching, age-old tale of a Viking and his dragon.
0.75 The animation simply rules. Elegant and detailed, the film soars and whooshes with the craft that all animated movies should have.
0.9 An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony.
0.8 Flying high among this summer's blockbusters - it's enchanting!
0.8 As a reviewer who greeted the first film with lukewarm praise the reaction is much different this time. It joins that short list of sequels that surpass their originals.
0.75 Offers some stunningly beautiful sequences and an engaging, if at times quite dark, story line.
0.5 The plot is unfocused and jumbled, borrowing elements from other fantasy movies without bringing them together into a cohesive whole.
0.6 As far as animated action-adventure outings go, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a solid and exciting offering for those to whom the franchise appeals.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't play it safe, and that's why it's the rare sequel that doesn't feel somewhat stale.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 does what most sequels can't -- that is, it expands on the original while maintaining the core elements of what made the first film so great.
0.8 It seemed as if there was nowhere new to go after the first film, but this is a richer story that dares to go darker and is thus more rewarding.
0.625 OK, but the thin charms of the original are a little thinner this time out.
0.6 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an exciting adventure with rousing animated action, but it lacks the emotional hook of its predecessor.
0.5 It has the core of a genuine crowd-pleaser, but unfortunately something bigger and more all-consuming keeps getting into its head.
0.6 Not all the heart-swelling flying sequences in the world can flap away the sensation of franchise fatigue here.
0.9 Heartfelt, funny, and captivating, this is a satisfying continuation of the first film.
0.9 You may experience that rare sense of wonder that comes from losing yourself in a proper, well told story.
0.8 DeBlois' powers haven't diminished ... he dares to go deeper, smarter and even darker, honing in on the elements that made the first film work.
0.6 When the film flies, it soars.
0.8 In a season of endless comic book superheroes, Hellboy II is a unique visual feast.
0.8 Hellboy II is fabulously imaginative, visually sumptuous and dramatically complex; what's more, it's very funny and engaging.
0.6 [The film] will delight fans of the original comic-book adaptation, offering up as it does a much bigger spectacle with more wit and an eye-popping gallery of exotic creatures, while leaving non-enthusiasts like me admiring but uninvolved.
0.8 Other than Christopher Nolan, is there another director as hot as Guillermo del Toro?
0.5 I'm just not interested in this film very much. I wish I was. But it's good to look at.
0.6 Hellboy II: The Golden Army has the technical brilliance of a Renaissance masterpiece and a brain the size of a pea.
0.6 It's not that Hellboy II is a particularly bad sequel, but that it tries to do way too much in the time allotted.
0.625 The action's pretty pedestrian, and you wouldn't be blamed if you wished they'd just get it over with so that we could get back to the glories of Hellboy himself.
1.0 I was a fan of the first film about this unlikely hero, a big red guy with horns, a tail and a liking for sweets, kittens and cigars. And the good news is the sequel is even better.
0.7 Behind a truckload of red makeup is Ron Perlman, whose characterisation of the egocentric protagonist Hellboy, or Red as he prefers to be called, is once again the highlight of the film.
0.4 Del Toro is his generation's Terry Gilliam, an intensely visual director who loves his ideas so much that he's happy to disappear into them for minutes at a time, forgetting all about such trivial concerns as story, characters and audience.
0.6 Hellboy is enjoyable because, unlike the rest of the heroes in this long summer of the superpowered, he's not dragged down by character neuroses.
0.6 Hellboy II is one of those films that you want to love.
0.75 Hellboy II: The Golden Army zips from tense showdown to eerie spectacle at particle-accelerator speed.
0.8 Guillermo del Toro's mastery of fantasy film-making and his understanding of the multi-faceted richness of the genre guides this sequel to visually imaginative and intricately detailed heights.
0.75 For all its gorgeous freakishness, the movie is even more about love and friendship than the first one was.
0.8 It wouldn't be classic del Toro without the razzle-dazzle. The Golden Army provide that as they finally rise up, but even in the culminating moments of battle, it is del Toro's feel for human grace that shines through.
0.8 Style over substance, no doubt, but when you've got this much style who cares?
0.65 Hellboy II is still very entertaining, even if it is simultaneously a little lackluster, and fans of the original are sure to like it. It probably won't hold up well on repeat viewings though.
0.8 Impressiona pela escala e pela criatividade.
0.6 Some the magical images conjured here are absolutely unforgettable.
0.6 The sets are dazzling, but the characters (manufactured by computer artists in most cases) aren't particularly designed to engage.
0.7 Not only are the creatures amazingly conceived, but there's a lovely sense of humour to it all as Del Toro references horror movies of the past and even the work of John Landis.
0.8 The film is designed more as an ear-shattering sensory assault than a conventional narrative.
0.6 Hellboy is it's own world. That is a compliment and also the problem. Director Guillermo del Toro has envisioned a fantastic looking world, but it's just a vision.
0.6 All the same, this isn't a patch on the phantsamagoric splendour of Pan's Labyrinth, over-egging every set-piece and outstaying its welcome by at least half an hour.
0.8 Prepare for some devil worship. Hellboy is the hottest, strangest and most fun comic book hero around.
0.8 Playful, offbeat and with a decidedly droll sense of humour, Hellboy II's a richly rewarding superhero film with moments of gleeful comedy that films like Get Smart can but dream of.
0.8 A devil of a good sequel.
0.7 Smart lighter touches such as Hellboy and Abe's crooning to a Manilow classic set this apart from other comic book adaptations and the stylish direction keeps your attention. Great fun.
0.8 A baby-step backwards after Pan's Labyrinth, but a rung up from the original Hellboy: more laid-back, even more out-there. Ignore the shaky plot and gorge on the grand design as del Toro lets his imagination - and some classic creatures - off the leash.
0.8 Second time around, director Guillermo Del Toro scores another direct hit with a monster yarn as keen on the gags as the global destruction.
0.8 Hellboy 2 is a movie that's a tingling boost to the senses: and that sense of humour is such a stimulus to the other five.
0.8 With Hellboy II, the comic-book blockbuster has finally grown up - without giving up the fairy-tale wonders of our youth.
0.6 Del Toro's imagination is as fertile as ever but the plot keeps too much in reserve.
0.8 Guillermo del Toro's Faberge egg of a fairytale is not so much a sequel as a fusion of the fabulist imagination of 'Pan's Labyrinth' with the witty, irreverent comic-book action of his own 'Hellboy'.
0.8 As much Tolkien's baby as Mignola's, this has more heart and humour than most fantasy films can dream of. Hellaciously good.
0.6 By Mike Martin - From the man who made Pan's Labyrinth it's a disappointment.
0.8 While the plot lends itself to pretentious blockbuster hysteria, del Toro keeps things grounded by focussing on the characters and their sardonic banter
0.8 ...moves with the virile grace of a prizefighter.
0.5 Del Toro seems to use this movie as batting practice for The Hobbit.
0.625 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is not a sequel that soars to new heights, but it does slip into a nice summer-movie comfort zone . . .
0.75 Further proof that franchises' second films can be better than the first. This one tops the original in a number of ways, not the least of which is its creative inventiveness.
0.75 Despite my complaints, this is one gargantuan action film that succeeds in creating an entertaining fantasy universe.
0.75 Is this fun? Hellboy, yeah!
0.75 Surprisingly rich entertainment, even takes on well known series: Star Wars, LOTR, & Die Hard; framed squarely within a sub-par opening and weak ending. Still, I liked it!
0.5 Hellboy II, like the recent Chronicles of Narnia sequel, sacrifices story and character on the altar of action, effects and underwhelming creatures.
0.875 Del Toro's compositions are dense with effects and background creatures, and he clearly sympathizes with the misfits and monsters who are weary of humankind's greed and ecological destructiveness; yet the movie is light on its feet and generous of spirit.
1.0 The film itself is lovely, a breathless feast of fantasy anchored by an authentic humanism.
0.8 The fact that the setup works for a second round can be attributed Perlman's ability to juggle brash enthusiasm with hardened sarcasm.
0.5 While this sequel to the 2004 feature doesn't lack for visual wonders, it's utterly clumsy in the storytelling department, a genuine shock given del Toro's usual ability to spin a tall tale.
0.9 Here's a comic-book movie with a heart, a soul, a brain and a personality of its own -- as personal in its own way as del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth.
0.7 A virtual overkill of bizarre creatures
0.625 Guillermo Del Toro's love for creature features comes through, but his story is uncomfortably rote in this visually dynamic comic book sequel.
0.75 Go to the movies long enough and you'll eventually find yourself rooting for a blood red, horned monster-man from hell.
0.8 An essentially unending parade of some of the most visionary images ever to grace a fantasy movie.
0.7 Hellboy II's expansive imagination so elevates the material that you find yourself wishing it was put to the service of something greater.
0.875 Guillermo del Toro makes this sequel fully his own, firmly planting it in his unbridled imagination.
0.9 Gains big points for its dazzling visuals and for significantly ramping up the fantasy-tinged screen fighting.
0.6 The disappointing storyline is geektacular nonsense.
0.6 The visuals of HELLBOY II: THE GOLDEN ARMY are a triumph of imagination, but the story is more of a failure.
0.75 ... an improved sequel over the original film, able to build upon the foundation of the first feature and finally put Hellboy in real mortal danger...
0.9 You've got enough ideas for an entire geek-friendly trilogy in this one crazy movie.
0.75 Without question, del Toro's a visionary who lets his imagination run wild.
1.0 Awkward as the plotting is, the movie is too stubbornly weird, too deeply in love with freakishness, to be waved off.
0.25 About a half hour into Hellboy II: The Golden Army, my friend turned to me and asked "Does this movie have a point?"
0.8 Del Toro's imagination cuts loose with a sharp, witty script. Hellboy 2 is the fun, fantastic comic book blast that the original film never quite lived up to. I'll be looking forward to "Hellboy 3: Rise of the Little Red Babies" in a couple of year
0.8 Hellboy II: The Golden Army stretches beyond the first film in both creepiness and humor, making for kind of an odd mix that manages to work in the end.
0.875 Hellboy II: The Golden Army hits just the right mixture of style, comedy, action, and character development. Here's hoping for a third installment.
0.625 One can't help but wonder whether Del Toro hasn't misjudged the balance between comedy and gravity in this sequel.
0.5 In Hellboy II, director Guillermo del Toro delivers the Hollywood filet mignon we've come to expect wrapped nicely in all the special-effects bacon we've come to desire but without the heart we've come to demand.
0.75 This movie is everything Hancock wanted to be, but failed to deliver.
0.75 There's so much beauty and imagination on display in Hellboy II: The Golden Army that it's sometimes hard to tell if you're watching an action movie or a museum exhibit called 'The Artistry of Guillermo Del Toro.'
0.75 The talented fantasy filmmaker and heir to the Lord of the Rings throne gets the tone right throughout Hellboy 2, and the hip retro charm alone is enough to merit recommendation.
0.875 It's an entertaining, visually stunning romp busy with fantastic ideas and well-rounded characters...
0.75 Combining animatronics, digital effects -- and most important, the director's fertile imagination -- Hellboy II gives us a taste of the magic del Toro is sure to bring to J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit.
0.75 A surprise package of fun, fright and untamed imagination.
0.75 The second film is more assured, better paced, and has a stronger emotional component.
0.875 A fabulously freaky and fun immersion into a world of skin, hair, teeth and bones that aren't our own. Revolving around the ideas of bedtime-story imagination and fatherly obligation, it's more exciting, elegant and confident than its predecessor.
0.75 Hellboy II, like its 2004 predecessor, has a middling story line, but it's made memorable by the dark, freaky visions of director Guillermo del Toro. And this time, his imagination runs wilder than ever.
0.625 Guillermo del Toro's more extravagant, $75 million follow-up to his 2004 B-movie doesn't take any of this particularly seriously. It's a monster movie in which the monsters listen to Barry Manilow.
0.8 The inventive del Toro creates visual fantasies unlike any other, and the creatures on display here are truly extraordinary. But amid all the costumes, all the action, and all the special effects, it's the humanity that makes his work so memorable.
0.875 It's the biggest, richest, most imaginative superhero movie of the summer.
0.625 Hellboy II has the inclinations of a gas guzzler but the soul of a hybrid, and the two resist each other like partners in a loveless marriage.
0.875 It's the path del Toro takes to get there that gives the film its propulsive kick: You literally never know what's coming next, and what does is always better and cooler than you could have imagined.
0.75 The summer's been loaded with superhero movies, some better and some worse than Hellboy II, but none is as exuberantly creative, nor as unconventionally committed to being so many things other than a live-action comic book.
0.6 On this latest Boy Meets Ghoul: Hellboy II's look is red hot. But it lingers too long on the fire, its promising sizzle ultimately losing flavor.
0.625 Enjoy The Golden Army for what it is, a big fat piece of eye candy. But for the next Hellboy movie could we please have a lot more Hellboy?
0.7 Hellboy II: The Golden Army may not be a masterpiece -- del Toro is capable of much more -- but it is whip-smart, pain-stakingly crafted and exuberant.
0.75 Melds the original Hellboy's kibitzy humor and crushing action with Labyrinth's darkest fairy-tale imaginings.
0.625 Hellboy, a sensitive devil with a tough exterior, is an inspired creation but limited as a dramatic protagonist. When you start with a demon hero, you can't settle for making his adversary a less complex demon.
0.75 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is one of the coolest-looking movies, if not the most visually impressive one, of the summer.
0.625 The PG-13 Hellboy is fun. And it's unafraid to embrace the schmaltzy.
0.625 Fanboys won't mind the absence of depth or emotion; they may even welcome it for making the film more representative of its comic-book origins. The rest of us, however, cannot rejoice at the overspending and overkill likely to come in Hellboy III.
0.75 A blast of fanboy wit, style, imagination, and prodigious noise that comes on like heavy-bore pop art.
0.625 Hellboy II is a creature feature unlike any you've seen before. But next time, let's try a little storytelling, too.
0.8 [W]hile it's nice of Mignola and Del Toro to create something like this out of whole cloth it's the eye candy, not the story, that people are going to talk about.
0.75 First and foremost, Hellboy II is a riot of creature and set design as well as big action set pieces. Yet Del Toro never reduces the characters to mere action figures.
0.7 As he loves Liz, life, and TV, Hellboy embodies possibility, faith, and imagination.
0.8 Like a young Spielberg before him, del Toro gives off this "I get to make movies for a living, isn't that awesome?!" vibe that's too often missing on the screen.
1.0 I left the theater nearly delirious from what I had just experienced--and I can't wait to take it all in again.
0.8 del Toro has made an astounding bit of eye candy but viewers going in hoping for another emotional masterpiece on the level of "Pan's Labyrinth" may come away from it slightly disappointed.
0.75 ...easily one of the most imaginative films of the summer.
1.0 This is big screen fantasy as a wish fulfillment free for all, a far out fairytale told in the most intricate of celluloid calligraphy.
0.7 Hellboy II is downright goofy. When it's not being funny, the creatures steal the show.
0.8 Hellboy 2 is visually perfect and is a sentimental look into the world of Hellboy but keeping with the love story of the film it should have been called Heavenboy.
0.875 Del Toro seems to have been given more freedom and more money to create an even more complete universe, packed to the corners with his peculiar, unique ideas and nightmares.
0.8 Imagine one of the Star Trek crews transported to Tolkien's Middle Earth, or Buffy and her Scooby gang whisked away into the heart of Narnia.
0.8 Hellboy II takes the fantastic make-up artistry, creature creation, and set design that we grew fond of in Pan's Labyrinth and combines all of these elements with mindblowing CGI and stunning choreography
1.0 By far the most imaginative action movie in ages - a mix of epic fantasy, tender romance, broad comedy and double-barreled excitement that satisfies all your pleasure centers.
0.75 The wonders are, if not endless, then abundant. And in a movie landscape where "effects" too often supersedes "special," wonders are worth savoring.
0.625 If the premise isn't exactly air-tight and the pacing is uneven, the visual panache and central character work helps to make up for some of its deficiencies.
0.625 For all its eye-popping, Middle Earth-meets-Mos Eisley majesty -- its mix of Heironymus Bosch, Jules Verne and George Lucas -- Hellboy II is a letdown.
0.75 I can barely keep up with the mythology put forth by the Hellboy series, but I enjoyed the first film, and I enjoyed the new one.
0.7 A dark fantasy/horror tale, it's chaotic yet spectacular.
0.75 With director Guillermo del Toro's fantastical vision on overdrive tempered by an occasionally self-mocking sense of humor, this Hellboy sequel is a quintessential summer movie that delivers plenty of inventive thrills.
0.875 We should be glad that del Toro is operating at his peak right now, getting all the money and latitude he needs to weave his spells.
0.6 As big, mindlessly fantastical summer entertainment goes, this falls comfortably between Iron Man (the gold standard) and the not-quite Incredible Hulk. It's a visually striking, mildly amusing way to kill a couple of hours.
0.7 It's not perfect -- thank Satan! -- but Hellboy II: The Golden Army is by far the most splendidly imaginative and creatively uncorked piece of fantastic cinema since the director's Pan's Labyrinth netted an Oscar trifecta in 2007.
0.875 [del Toro] has an endlessly inventive imagination, and understands how legends work, why they entertain us and that they sometimes stand for something. For love, for example.
0.75 A visual treat in every way, "Hellboy II" delivers on all cylinders.
0.75 Director Guillermo del Toro is a mad genius, and I want to get drunk with him.
0.75 Cool monsters aside, it's really the humor and the characters make Hellboy 2 into something more than just another summer special effects flick.
1.0 A quirky, idiosyncratic, Harryhausen-inspired, art house creature feature with the poetry and narrative depth characteristic of misunderstood monster classics such as The Creature from the Black Lagoon and The Bride of Frankenstein.
0.8 Much more than a big-action, small-brain summer movie.
0.75 The line from special effects whiz Ray Harryhausen to director Guillermo del Toro has never been so clearly visible...
0.4 Simply a bull in a china shop, smashing around aimlessly, desperately hoping we'll at least be impressed with the horns.
0.75 ...isn't much of a story, yet as a vehicle for the monstrosity-minded imagination of writer-director Guillermo del Toro it offers an endless array of bizarre visual riches.
0.75 Visually stunning comic book sequel from the endlessly inventive Guillermo del Toro amounts to little more than a noisy mess. But it sure looks pretty along the way.
0.8 A film of richly complex themes overlaid with a frothy plot, each serving to disarm the audience while holding it rapt.
0.6 Will appeal to the freak inside you who refuses to follow orders and is not afraid to let your gentle side out every once in a while.
0.75 Adolescent pulp fantasia meets sentimental married life in Guillermo Del Toro's follow-up to his 2004 working-class superhero movie.
1.0 Clearly, del Toro has a deep affection for both his characters and the world of gods and fairy-tale monsters, and it translates into a rich, sophisticated sequel that actually improves on the original.
0.8 Inconceivable in any incarnation other than Ron Perlman whose size, head shape, bluster and irrepressible grumpiness endear him to us.
0.9 Hellboy II: The Golden Army is huge and filled wall to wall with more imagination than any other film this year.
0.8 Hellboy is without a doubt the most compelling and interesting superhero character ever on screen.
0.7 An imaginative if somewhat messy B-movie, the type for which popcorn is popped.
0.6 There's a peculiarity to Hellboy 2 that blurs the line between del Toro's Hollywood blockbusters and his less conventional Spanish-language films.
0.4 Despite a handful of creepy and visionary sequences, this sequel remains limp and unengaging.
0.85 Not just a vast improvement over its predecessor, but the quality on almost every level is almost night and day with a stronger story and some of the most mind-blowing creature and FX work we've seen this summer.
0.75 There are some remarkably beautiful things in Hellboy II... but suffers, in my opinion, from too much of everything.
0.8 I stumbled out of Hellboy II: The Golden Army feeling as if my imagination had eaten too much ... And yet, Hellboy II has more than a little heart to it; it's scrappy and self-aware, and never out of touch with what it is.
0.7 There was no way, shape or form that HELLBOY II would meet its expectation, but even with all of the anticipation, the film managed to entertain just enough... In the end, what you'll get is another fun, yet forgettable summer blockbuster.
0.85 Hellboy II feels like nothing less than the successor to Pan's Labyrinth... dressed in spandex.
0.8 It's as much horseplay as swordplay and, altogether, a witty delight.
0.8 Rightly regarded as one of the peaks of Kaye's career.
0.75 A flawlessly executed, beautifully designed genre parody.
0.8 A cracking jest, wonderfully enjoyable.
1.0 Terrific family fun.
0.6 If Danny Kaye doesn't find you wishing you had a gun on you, this is one of his better efforts.
0.7 The film has a few classic moments.
0.75 The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
0.75 This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
0.4 Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
0.7 It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already.
0.75 That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
0.2 Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes. Something in your heart breaks. Your childhood, perhaps?
0.625 ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
0.6 Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
0.6 Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
0.4 A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
0.3 The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
0.5 Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
0.8 A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
0.375 For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
0.6 Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
0.5 Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
0.5 Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
0.8 ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda.
0.5 A head trip into blunderland.
0.375 Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
0.5 Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
0.75 Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
0.75 Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
0.4 La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
0.2 What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
0.5625 Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
0.4 Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
0.875 This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
0.7 Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
0.75 Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
0.45 Quite tiresome in the end.
0.6 I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
0.5 Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
0.4 The fact remains -- Alice doesn't live here anymore.
0.75 It's something like a post-modern tale of self-discovery, although it works better as a nutty fantasy than as anything with a point.
0.8 Pese al flojo argumento, visualmente el filme es una fiesta, rescatando el oscuro estilo Burtoniano pero asaltado ahora por la rebeldia del color en una direccion de arte realmente preciosista. En este contexto, la realizacion brillantemente hace justicia
0.75 (Burton)is the perfect person to put in charge of translating the magical world that Carroll created to the big screen.
0.625 Alice, a wonder to behold, but cold.
0.4 Tim Burton's latest assault on the senses is partially redeemed by Johnny Depp's brilliant acting.
0.9 ...enormously entertaining...Depp gives a performance that must be seen to be appreciated. He shows here that he is something special.
0.9 I didn't find it to be the masterpiece I'd hoped for. It's good. It's very good -- and there are flashes of greatness within it.
0.4 Great visuals, but lacking in story.
0.4 If there was one adjective I could pick to describe this new adaptation, it would be "dispirited"
1.0 21st Century Alice matures and enters The Matrix!
0.625 The visual splendor is more than enough to feast your eyes on, so it's too bad that the dialogue in the film couldn't live up to its look.
0.3 Alice in Wonderland reminds me most of Sleepy Hollow: empty, faux-atmospheric, and without soul.
0.8 I appreciate Burton's love for the characters as he expresses it through such creative wizardry. But, then, I also have a wistful feeling over the lightness of its total affect. A delicious snack but not quite a full meal.
0.5 Alice in Wonderland is a lovely display of Tim Burton's amazing offbeat aesthetics which win me over every time, but sadly doesn't make for very much of a film.
0.5 The off-kiltered Tim Burton version of Alice in Wonderland might frightened younger children, confuse older ones and bore the adults.
1.0 These aren't actors working in front of blue screens with obvious effects dubbed in later. You really are in Wonderland. Real life and CGI are seamless.
0.6 Lower your expectations, because Tim Burton has created a great canvas, just not a great film.
0.7 ...a feast for the mind, if not necessarily the intellect
0.625 This Alice is more Ripley, or Lara Croft, than timeless story heroine.
0.625 If you're taking pulls from the Blue Caterpillar's hookah atop his magic mushroom, you care more about Hot Pockets than narrative integrity.
0.625 The movie's strengths are the costumes, the makeup, the production design, the special effects, the vocal work and a terrific musical score by Danny Elfman that has a quality of magic and wonderment missing from the screenplay.
0.6 The images rival anything Burton has created for 'Big Fish' and 'Edward Scissorhands,' but the storytelling isn't quite as engagingly odd.
0.75 Alice is a really good time, as well as a great example of how 3-D can be effectively used as a tool to immerse us in imaginary worlds.
0.3 a new story out of Carroll's mythmaking that fails to inspire interest, perhaps except as a rote exercise in mainstream weirdness.
0.4 ...the visuals are overwhelming, the direction to most of the cast seems to be to chew the scenery, and we're back to a movie being released in 3D for no discernible reason.
0.4 Rather than a Wonderland full of terrifying adventures and deliciously absurd whimsy, Burton has created the Underland, a place of terrifyingly, yet lugubrious, bad filmmaking. He dispensed with the whimsy altogether.
0.625 A visually stimulating rendition that nevertheless comes off as lamentably timid.
0.25 There is very little to praise in what amounts to Burton's most mercenary movie.
0.75 He [director Tim Burton] beat the odds and made this Alice a real wonder.
0.6 Every bit of havoc and nonesuch is put in service of the story of Alice's feminist awakening, and it's about as exciting as it sounds.
0.5 It's become a common argument against Burton, this lack of dramatic drive, but it's true in this instance.
0.7 The beguiling Wasikowska tethers the arcane anarchy with weight and emotional clarity, anchoring us as moviegoers to Alice's plight in both universes, up and under.
0.375 Its single biggest failing -- an affront to Lewis Carroll and the charms of nonsense literature -- is the fact that it makes sense.
0.6 It's very cool to look at, Depp is entertaining, Helena Bonham Carter is memorably crazy, and the too-conventional you-go-girl plotline is just an add-on to the visual cake.
0.7 Despite its flaws, Wonderland is stuffed with more minute to minute amusement than you're likely to get in anything else drifting through theaters, in or out of the third dimension.
0.75 The true three-dimensionality here is the old-fashioned kind -- Wasikowska's fully rounded performance. Throughout the technical razzle-dazzle, we keep returning to the pallor of that face, the gravity in those eyes.
0.4 The picture is oddly flat -- a disjointed pageant of virtuoso effects. It's a triumph of design that falls short of wonderment.
0.5 Visually stunning and sporadically amusing, but lacks thrills, heart and cleverness. It's ultimately too scary for little kids and too unimaginative, pedestrian and bland for grown-ups.
0.75 Despite its sluggish start, "Alice" is an enchanting, witty and funny adventure filled with marvelous sights and set pieces.
0.8 All new 3-D Alice story is trippy and intense.
1.0 Burton and Disney have found a glorious way to interpret fairy tales and fantasies.
0.4 Purists will be perplexed and the average moviegoer ultimately disinterested by director Tim Burton's pedestrian spin of Lewis Carroll's 1865 classic.
0.375 It jumbles together a half-dozen or so other overproduced fantasies and wraps them up with typical, tiresome Disney bromides and just enough snippets from the originals to remind you of what you're missing.
0.75 Burton brings his distinctive touch and Johnny Depp, Mia Wasikowska and Helena Bonham Carter do their stuff but a hodgepodge of Hollywood conventionality lessens the wonder.
0.9 There are certain cine-marriages that generate an indelible spark all their own. Tracy & Hepburn, Bogie & Bacall -- and now we get Tim Burton & 3D, creating the world we hoped for, and so much more.
0.875 The trippy tale may divide audiences -- Burton's version remains a children's story, though some may find it too over-the-top and idiosyncratic -- but to Us, it's a visual feast
0.625 a decent movie, but not the amazing, mindblowing, set the world on fire, change your life and curl your toes film people expect and want.
0.5 This Alice is a dud. If you want to experience a strange, unworldly story%u2014something like Tim Burton films used to provide%u2014stay home and read the book.
0.6 Much of Carroll's magical nonsense remains, even if Burton's film wobbles at the gates of anarchy and ends up being a more average affair than many might expect.
0.75 Such a delightfully giddy, silly, delirious movie. Tim Burton isn't being "Tim Burton" but is just having fun again, scrambling up the expected pieces
0.4 Disney family fun with the odd carefully calculated dark patch. Fine on its own terms, but a let-down given the talent involved. Disappointinger and disappointinger.
0.4 I can't rid myself of the feeling that for all the funkily crepuscular mood that Burton creates, this is a pretty conventional work.
0.625 Rated PG, according to the MPAA, for fantasy violence and 'a smoking caterpillar.' The Jefferson Airplane would be proud; Lewis Carroll devotees, however, may be less than enthusiastic...
0.75 Impressive eye-candy, elaborate and gorgeously detailed in wall-to-wall CGI (the 3-D seems rather half-hearted though; this is one that won't suffer much in regular old 2-D).
0.5 The episodic nature of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland doesn't really lend itself to traditional three-act plotting, but screenwriter Linda Woolverton puts Alice through her Joseph Campbell reluctant-hero paces, and none of it ever sparks.
0.8 If it could be bottled up, the label would read "watch me."
0.75 A sumptuous, bar-raising cinematic portmanteau that both honors and complements the source material.
0.7 The film is like eating an amazing peanut butter and jelly sandwich except that Tim Burton forgot to cut off the crust. The beginning and the end could have been cut out.
0.4 The wavering tone is as uncertain as Alice's decision-making, while the added-on 3-D is a distraction and as unconvincing as the entire misconceived venture.
0.2 What's shocking about Alice in Wonderland is just how woefully conventional it all is.
0.6 Is Alice In Wonderland worth seeing? Yes, because it's a feast for the eyes. But the story needed to be more imaginative and involving for this to become a massive hit, and it's far from obvious whether it's aimed at children or adults.
0.4 Burton doesn't just hit the bottom of the barrel but drills through the wood and starts tunnelling. Its only saving grace are the arresting, if familiar, visuals.
0.6 It's nowhere near his best work but a superb voice cast, Helena Bonham Carter and a few moments of brilliance see it through.
0.625 It is time for Tim Burton to get his nose out of his own sketchbook.
0.2 You cannot believe the dreadfulness of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland - gifted director takes on gaga script - until you see it. Enchantment has gone thataway.
0.875 IBurton and Woolverton pursue a message of self-fulfilment, not as vigorously as they might chase a rabbit but to the same delightful end.
0.4 Burton, once a master of CGI, has gradually become its servant, or at least has allowed the studio to. The madcap ringmaster of Gothic phantasmagoria does not exert his individual stamp on a book one might have thought he was born to film.
0.7 CGI has not been good to Tim Burton. The ability to see every unrestrained nuance of his vision fulfilled has robbed his films of the creative zest and inventive verve which marked his earlier classics.
0.6 Burton's Alice In Wonderland joins the ranks of Return To Oz and Hook in confirming that it's rarely a good idea to return to the scene of a classic novel unless you have something new and exciting to bring.
0.6 After the first 45 minutes, the film becomes as tedious as Johnny Depp's accent.
0.8 This magical world looks fantastic, especially in 3D.
0.75 It's a workmanlike effort that will enchant all but the youngest children while holding the interest of parents. That, by definition, makes for a worthwhile family outing.
0.4 You would think that a director like Burton would be at home in the Lewis Carroll universe, and maybe that is part of the problem.
0.75 Faithful to Lewis Carroll's vision or not, I liked the ride Tim Burton took me on here.
0.5 A regretful dud, a fantasy without magic and very little heart and soul.
0.65 Did Burton get bored in Wonderland? The end result is a movie that is decently enjoyable escapism, but entirely forgettable in the long run.
0.5 this parable of how Alice must find the balls to chart her own path through the patriarchy of her Victorian wood to become a real, bona fide, 1960s-era bra-burner.
0.4 It's more of a blunder than a wonder.
0.6 An exotic adventure tale about a young woman's trip to an alternate reality and the testing of her will power, resourcefulness, and courage in the face of weirdness and danger.
0.625 Burton, one of the great visual artists in Hollywood history, is incapable of making an uninteresting movie. Still, I'm not looking forward to the sequel promised in the last scene.
0.625 Even Disney and a PG rating can't bury Burton's subversive wit. Like Carroll, he's a master at dressing up psychic wounds in fantasy.
0.5 Indecision haunts every frame. The result is a clattering, hectic spectacle that by the end has run out of inspiration. It's a home for abandoned ideas.
1.0 A, my name is Alice, and my movie is amazing.
0.875 Though it has a few moments where you can see Burton's imagination giving way to Disney convention, along with a bit of trademark Burton darkness, the pleasures of Alice are virtually always unexpected.
0.75 Carroll purists are likely to dismiss this Alice as spuriouser and spuriouser. But who expects a faithful adaptation of a literary classic from Timothy Beetlejuice?
0.5 The sweetly surreal feeling of those original books has been lost. What always felt like an English garden party gone slightly off has been replaced by the grotesque and the Gothic and the overdone.
0.75 In many respects, this is the most crowd-pleasing Burton film in many years.
0.7 Visually fascinating yet perturbing and scary, it's not a very young children's movie, despite the PG rating.
0.5 In its big-budget extraordinariness, Alice is awfully...ordinary.
0.6 A disappointment that's still worth seeing, Alice in Wonderland lands near the higher end of Burton's lesser work.
0.4 It's just hard to know why Mr. Burton, who doesn't seem much interested in Alice, bothered.
0.0 Combines the heavy-handed clamminess of unneeded brand remarketing with the hateful hollowness of overdone and empty computer-generated imagery. ... With Burton's uninspired, underdone and underwritten version, you only feel like you're watching money.
0.8 Burton treats his material with abandon, but not contempt, and he has brought his Mad Hatter's imagination to a new generation who have not yet read the books.
0.5 This Wonderland is just listless, bland and derivative -- a mere technical undertaking from a disinterested filmmaker.
0.6 Sadly Lewis lite and not without flaws but this is as Burtonesque as one could wish for, a real treat for fans of his twisted imagination and great British character actors.
0.4 unfulfilling
0.625 The film is always fun, but as Carroll might have observed, it's not much of a muchness.
0.6 What a letdown.
0.4 One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills Tim Burton gives you don't do very much at all.
0.8 [Depp's] wide eyes and high whimsy feel a bit derivative of his Willy Wonka (another collaboration with Burton), but he invests so much of his ample energy and instinct in these roles that it's hard to complain.
0.5 The most wondrous thing about director Tim Burton's take on the Lewis Carroll classic is how lacking in wonder it all is.
0.6 "Frabjous" may be a word Carroll invented, but Burton knows just what it means, at least in his own mind. He's clearly excited to invite us inside, and as long as you're open to so much muchness, you'll be very glad he did.
0.4 Considering what a to-do this massively budgeted entertainment is, that doesn't add up to much. "Curiouser and curiouser," indeed.
0.25 It might be time for Johnny Depp and Tim Burton to start thinking about seeing other people.
0.5 A stiff movie ... finds a way to make a lot of really weird stuff surprisingly boring.
0.5 Here's a riddle: What's Alice in Wonderland without wonder? It's a beloved character landing in the rubble of wrong-headed revisionism.
0.5 Did no one bother to mention to Burton that Lewis Carroll's 1865 story was not a Lord of the Rings primer but, in fact, a comedy?
0.6 Tim Burton's creative juices run dry in a decidedly boring and bland interpretation of Alice in Wonderland.
0.8 A sharply detailed, wondrously three-dimensional fantasy in which its maker intuitively grasps so much of what's good about the tale while simultaneously blind to what makes it great.
0.625 Alice in Wonderland isn't quite the natural fit of director and material that it seemed to be on paper, but most of Burton's recent movies have been far more disappointing.
0.75 Its best and strangest interludes assert Burton's skills as a fantasist, as well as Depp's as a squirrely, inventive character actor.
0.75 Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails.
0.6 Alice in Wonderland is something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the effects and performances but it's badly let down by a very disappointing script.
0.6 An entirely suitable marriage of material and filmmaker.
0.6 Amid the visual pleasures, the plot additions feel limiting.
0.625 Tweedlee and Tweedledum could have come up with a more compelling pseudo-sequel concept and crafted a more cohesive narrative.
0.75 Purists will squeal, but it's a workable and watchable liberty to take with an oft-filmed yet impossible to film novel.
0.8 Carroll purists and freshman English majors may be aghast at the change in story, but for those who watched Avatar and marveled at the images but were left wanting by the wooden acting and tired story, Alice is a treat.
0.5 It's as though the script meeting was held at the Mad Hatter's tea party, with all the ideas put in teacups and thrown against the wall - all of them seem to have stuck but in no particular order.
0.6 Kids will drool at Burton's spectacle - grown-ups too - but they might also find this isn't the nostalgia trip they hoped for. Where's the bottle marked 'Feel Me'?
0.8 A wildly inventive film straitjacketed in conventional narrative form.
0.8 Although the simplistic plot has been done before and smacks of Narnia and Lord Of The Rings, Burton's Alice In Wonderland is family fantasy/adventure at its Gothic best.
0.6 The visual inventiveness in this film is so impressive that it almost makes up for the ill-conceived script, which tries to turn Lewis Carroll's classic tales into a Lord of the Rings-sized post-apocalyptic adventure epic.
0.4 The most curious thing about this magical realist fable is how charmless and ultimately forgettable it turns out to be in the hands of Tim Burton.
0.4 A bore and an affront to anyone who is even familiar with the concept of Lewis Carroll and his books.
0.6 Curiouser and curiouser -- but then, mixing fantasy and free enterprise has always been the Disney way.
0.6 The challenge of reinventing Alice in Wonderland sees Tim Burton reinvigorated and refreshed. Visually stunning and filled with a delightfully deranged group of inhabitants, Burton's immensely enjoyable Wonderland is well worth a visit.
0.6 Wasikowska is a standout in the title role. And, as to be expected, Depp thrives as the Mad Hatter.
0.6 It's a shame Burton gets his Lewis Carroll mixed up with his Tolkien and CS Lewis. Still, the film's 3D visuals are fun to look at.
0.8 An explosion in the crazy factory, the giddy Alice in Wonderland more than justifies its hype.
0.9 ...it is The Red Queen, played by Bonham Carter that shines the brightest. Her childlike villain is brilliantly played in all its giant head glory
0.5 There's a lot to look at in Burton's Alice in Wonderland, but nothing that's worth remembering.
0.625 Tim Burton's version of Alice in Wonderland is a succession of fantastically gothic pranks--noisy, exhausting, and under-realized, but also frequently dazzling and frightening.
0.55 People who enjoy high fantasy like Carroll's classic work are more than happy to experience the insanity, but don't necessarily want to be driven insane themselves.
0.2 A bona fide, bums-in-the-air fiasco that needs to be burned and the ashes hurtled off in the direction of the nearest black hole as soon as you can, NASA.
0.4 Suffering from a severe deficiency of wonder, this Alice is by turns loud, lifeless and lacklustre, and so what should have been the perfect marriage of moviemaker and material instead does justice to neither.
0.6 You're not going to lose yourself in the story or the characters but visually Alice in Wonderland is a series of moving artworks that are a joy to gaze upon despite lacking any depth, even in 3D.
0.4 Tim Burton tosses $150 million down the rabbit hole with this gorgeously rendered -- but utterly disposable -- CGI epic.
0.9 Director Tim Burton returns to his 'A' game with this magnificent, visually stunning movie that is not only one of his best, it is indeed a wonder.
0.8 The closest you'll get to absolute madness without being locked in a room with padded walls...a wondrous piece of escapism.
0.8 Alice in Wonderland is a lovingly filmed and meticulously crafted interpretation of Lewis Carroll's treasured tale, rife with fantasy, coated in gothic iconography and presented by a superb cast who nail their characters' portraits.
0.5 It's meant to be provocative, but it's muddled and nonsensical, with none of the liveliness or cleverness of its predecessor.
0.8 If the original film flirted with controversy, the sequel has sex with it on the first date.
0.4 Yet another mismatched cop adventure.
0.4 Half-baked, forgettable action flick
0.2 Dissipates much of its energy with plot developments reminiscent of "Badlands" and other movies about celebrity lawbreakers.
0.2 And miles away from entertainment, too...
0.75 Makes a quieter but deeper impression than Bringing Out the Dead.
0.75 I can think of a several samurai films that I prefer to this, but it's still a solid film.
1.0 The greatest movie ever made about warriors and battle.
1.0 The legendary Mifune leads a superb cast, and Kurosawa's kinetic camera keeps the adventure sizzling with energy and wit from start to finish.
1.0 Kurosawa deflates the myth of the noble samurai without actually debunking it, and stages some great action sequences.
1.0 Famous epic with stylish violence and subtitles.
1.0 Synthesizes the traditions of the samurai narrative and the American western to create an intimate epic with deeply felt ground-level consequences. [Blu-ray]
1.0 An enduring classic.
0.625 ...suffers from an absurdly overlong running time that often threatens to negate its more overtly positive attributes...
1.0 Kurosawa's three-hour jidai-geki epic can be counted among the greatest of all battle movies ... a majestic tale of heroism, sacrifice and death.
1.0 The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission.
0.8 Epic, influential adventure about Japanese swordsmen who band together to rescue besieged villagers
1.0 A masterpiece; a timeless classic; one of the greatest movies ever made.
0.6 Impressive and ambitious, but seriously - am I the only person alive who finds it overwrought and patience-testing?
1.0 The Seven Samurai is a brilliant film - the only caveat, in fact, is that the length and the language barrier make it a difficult movie to get through.
1.0 A genuinely entertaining movie with characters we love and characters we love to hate, sensuality and violence, tragic events and laugh out loud moments.
1.0 Seven Samurai is an unforgettable masterpiece -- the work of one of the world's greatest filmmakers at the height of his powers.
0.8 [Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style.
1.0 The touchstone for the entire Samurai genre, as well as the inspiration for several western films . . . it continues to endure because it is an epic, and epics never die
1.0 A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure.
1.0 It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today.
1.0 It's all rollicking good fun, and it's an action film with a lot on its mind.
1.0 A classic of adventure, a story of honor, a tale of a specific time and place that still has universal resonance.
1.0 The archetypal action classic.
1.0 Moves like hot mercury, and it draws a viewer so thoroughly into its world that real life can seem thick and dull when the lights come up.
1.0 On a short list of the greatest films of all time.
1.0 Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai (1954) is not only a great film in its own right, but the source of a genre that would flow through the rest of the century.
0.9 This movie is so successful because of its flawless direction and very balanced combination of powerful human drama and exciting action.
0.875 The action scenes in this movie are virtually unequaled by any other movie in history, even if some of the 'waiting-around' scenes grow tiresome.
1.0 Much imitated, still unsurpassed.
0.94 And it's not just that the story is compelling. It is unforgettable.
0.2 There are some pretty decent stunts-especially the one where the two main Uni-Sols go rappelling face-first down Hoover Dam-but they hardly make this $23-million turkey worth your eight bucks.
0.5 With no real plot tying them together, the impressively staged big scenes become empty exercises in logistics, while the smaller scenes never develop any momentum.
0.8 Roland Emmerich's best film, and Lundgren's best acting job. Admittedly that ain't saying much in either case, but a fun flick all in all.
0.625 In the end, the main drawback is the brainlessness of the story and the lack of a believable emotional payoff.
0.5 Universal Soldier may flex its muscles at every opportunity, but it's still second-rate Schwarzenegger.
0.4 Even with this early movie, [Emmerich] had a propensity for stealing cliches from other movies...
0.5 I suppose there is a market for this sort of thing among bubblebrained adolescents of all ages, but it takes a good chase scene indeed to rouse me from the lethargy induced by dozens and dozens of essentially similar sequences.
0.7 A tip of the hat to Chan for taking a break from his big-budget Hollywood mugging to return to his roots and do what he does best: shake up the streets of Hong Kong.
0.6 Chan se sai muito bem em um papel mais dramatico do que de costume, mas, embora as sequencias de acao sejam eficazes, o filme e longo demais e acaba perdendo o ritmo em varios momentos.
0.8 Charming, wordless, book-based holiday fable for all ages.
0.8 Hollywood, in its infinite wisdom, figures it can make better American pulp than the French can. As it turns out, Hollywood is right.
0.2 bah. rent the French original
0.6 An okay remake of the better LA FEMME NIKITA. Captures the spirit, but not the intensity.
0.4 Fonda looks great in that little black cocktail dress, but this studio remake robs the terrific original of its soul.
0.4 Bridget looks great, but the film is hackneyed.
0.4 Forgettable but pretty entertaining sea-monster flick with a good cast and nice Greek locations
0.1 This wannabe epic is forgettable, bland and way too long.
0.625 "John Carter" is certainly an interesting idea for a film, with a power struggle on an alien world and an outsider affecting the balance, but sadly it never ends up fully working.
0.8 If Cecil B. DeMille were alive today and given the chance to direct a special effects-laden fantasy adventure on Mars, he might have made something similar to Andrew Stanton's visually stunning epic "John Carter."
0.9 One of the best sci-fi fantasy films in a long, long time.
0.6 John Carter is a visual delight at times, but the classic story is tiresome and the characters are largely unmemorable, leaving a cold, only occasionally thrilling experience.
0.625 An undeniable disaster...of marketing. Join me on a tour of media headaches, and why they don't necessarily reflect the quality of the movie itself. [Blu-ray 3D]
0.8 Under Stanton's care 'John Carter' is the kind of tremendous fun-filled film that's worth going to the theater to see.
0.8 John Carter is for fans of pure, joyous, escapist, adventure cinema. Seeing John Carter unfamiliar with the text; it's very clear that the original text has influenced a hell of a lot of Sci-fi flicks that we've seen before.
0.75 OK, they botched the title. But not the movie itself.
0.5 Isn't the disaster some industry observers predicted, but it's not the high-gloss masterpiece some of us hoped for either.
0.5 I understand John Carter likes being on Mars (superpowers + hot, intelligent princess). I just don't want to be there with him.
0.875 John Carter is an instant classic... Disney should be ashamed of themselves for treating Mars like a red-headed step planet.
0.5 A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that's made watchable by swell effects, passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark.
0.8 Manages to overcome an inflated running time and occasional bouts of cuteness by remembering and embracing its pulp fiction roots as an 'interplanetary romance.'
0.4 The finished entity feels like a rip-off of a film that ripped-off several rip-offs of Carter's own ancient source material.
0.5 ...the movie's disappointingly flat atmosphere [is] perpetuated by Kitsch's competent yet bland work...
1.05 As one of Pixar's star players, Stanton is an experienced cinematic storyteller, which is why it's disappointing that his first live-action project is so unwieldy at times.
0.375 an awesome folly, a misguided project of genuinely enormous proportions that feels like exactly what it is: an impersonal product of franchise-hungry corporate culture
0.5 Romance, action, humor, and even some philosophical gristle: Is war a cosmic constant? Is anything worth fighting for?
0.5 [Provides] dumbfounding sci-fi vistas in admirable quantity if not quite in creativity.
0.6 With this production budget, you'd think someone in the creative chain might have detected that there was too much dramatic dithering in the screenplay, but entertainment factors survive.
0.7 Ignore the naysayers, this is a very enjoyable action adventure
0.875 Great fun as we endure scrape after scrape in this wild, near-hallucinatory landscape, and director Stanton finds the right balance of cheerful solemnity and cheeky humor.
0.7 It is fascinating to spend time with this visualization of Burroughs's Mars/Barsoom.
0.4 With a narrative as flat and barren as the red martian landscape, John Carter is a big-budget sci-fi spectacle that fails to excite or entertain.
0.8 ... great fun ...
0.7 It's too bad that Burroughs' ideas don't seem quite as fresh now that others have outraced Carter to the big screen.
0.5 A film version of John Carter has been in the works since 1931. That means Hollywood has had 81 years to get a decent script together and this is the best they could do?
0.4 Based on a 1912 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel, John Carter is an overlong, muddled mess of a film that should've waited another hundred years for a good script.
0.625 There are some fantastic sights in John Carter, but there's also a lot of overkill, with Stanton and crew often cluttering up the visuals with the deranged frenzy of George Lucas retooling his Star Wars sagas.
0.5 I felt like there was this awesome party going on that I just didn't have an invitation to. It seems that if you'd read the books, this would have been awesome.
0.4 There's no surer-fire way for a film to ink its own $250-million obituary than by contrasting itself to two of Hollywood's most titanic films when it only has half the heart, soul and story of either one.
0.6 There is no real sense of connection between human and alien - like between the Na'vi and Jake Sully - that would have pulled John Carter out of the grandiose B-movie league.
0.6 Chega a surpreender que uma narrativa tao absurda em essencia tambem possa ser tao lenta e frequentemente entediante.
0.8 John Carter is a product of a simpler time, when sense of adventure was paramount, and the film has this in spades.
0.7 A thoroughly entertaining adaptation of Burroughs's second most famous literary creation, with enough adventure and humor to satisfy all but those who are wholly dead inside.
0.7 The entire story behind John Carter is the essence of high concept, especially in the day and age it was originally created... a blast of a film.
0.5 It isn't that John Carter is bad, it's just really mediocre. And mediocrity is deadly in this genre.
0.5 Director Andrew Stanton, making his first live-action feature after the successful Pixar animated films FINDING NEMO and WALL-E, hasn't been able to bring anything very new to the familiar story of battles among rival forces on another planet:
0.4 Stanton should go back to making machines talk. He puts much more humanity into them than he manages to extract from Burroughs, even with all that nostalgia working for him.
0.4 John Carter's hard-to-follow story and terrible dialogue leaves it on par with that cheesy Flash Gordon remake from the 1980s.
0.1 Wall-E and Finding Nemo director Andrew Stanton must shoulder the blame for this over-bloated disaster. It's impossible to care about the protagonists, played by the helplessly wooden Kitsch and Collins.
0.6 There's a delightfully unfashionable cheesiness about John Carter, a film for all the family, but in particular sci-fi fantasy geeks and older gentlemen who have never been able to relinquish the spiffing derring-do of Burroughs.
0.7 Go for the spectacle, go for the fun, just don't expect anything as significant as the impact made by Burroughs' books.
0.25 all that's missing is a senate debate and a pod race.
0.8 This is an old-fashioned movie told with cutting-edge technology and while it is easy to be cynical about such a lightweight plotline, it is refreshing to see a movie that approaches its subject with an authentic, wide-eyed sense of wonder.
0.375 Disney and director Andrew Stanton may have dusted off the creaky franchise and wrapped it in $300 million worth of 3-D digital effects, but the final product still feels like ancient history.
0.5 It's got the schmaltz and grandeur of the 80s Clash of the Titans but little of the warm wonder that made that spectacle such an addiction.
0.75 This hodgepodge falls together neatly, because we know the film will go exactly where we want it to go, right down to the intervention by a faithful, comic animal sidekick (a Pixar specialty).
0.6 Mars-based action epic has strong fantasy violence.
0.75 Fortunately for viewers, the film is directed by Pixar sensation Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo, WALL-E), and the visual effects are, literally, out of this world.
0.75 Directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton of "Finding Nemo," "Toy Story" and "Monsters, Inc." fame, the fun but sometimes confusing "John Carter" may launch the next big sci-fi-adventure franchise.
0.75 Since its story inspired every mainstream fantasy right up to Avatar, John Carter may seem a little old-fashioned, but it's a solid piece of fantasy entertainment that's equal parts corny and poignant.
0.625 Comical Woola, a faithful dog-like creature that travels at Road Runner superspeed, steals every scene. He's the 'John Carter' equivalent of Uggie, and the movie, sad to say, needs him.
0.875 John Carter, a rousing science-fiction adventure adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs' early 20th-century pulp novels, is a rare bird that's at the same time strikingly modern and engagingly old-fashioned.
0.75 "John Carter" enthusiastically remains a pulp story at heart.
0.75 Visionary and philosophical, with the sort of complex allusions to death, immortality and the destruction of civilizations that you don't expect from a $250 million film.
0.625 Whenever the fighting stops and two people have to stand and talk, all the air goes out of everything. Suddenly it feels as if we're in an empty theater, watching a dusty old sword-and-sandal epic.
0.375 "John Carter's" biggest miscalculation is the casting of Taylor Kitsch as Carter. He is too soft and wooden. He lacks the gravitas needed to be an inspirational leader, no matter how high or far he can jump in Barsoom's lesser gravity.
1.05 While we can still marvel at the amazing sights laid out before us, it is imperative that we never lose sight of who's who and what's at stake. That turns out to be a tall order.
0.8 Saturday afternoon matinee fun. Think Conan the Barbarian clashing with the gods of Clash of the Titans who are conquering Mars, Gladiator style.
0.5 Director Stanton has yet to find his rhythm in this new-to-him discipline. Though the 3D Mars-scape and fantastical creatures offer fun viewing ... he can't quite conquer the human beast.
0.58 John Carter is arriving late to the party, after George Lucas had already pillaged the source material and squeezed it for every dollar it was worth. Stanton has created a sci-fi adventure that feels both old hat and sub-par.
0.75 I just had fun at John Carter. Stupid, old school, science fiction fun. It's the kind of science fiction that doesn't get bogged down in the science part and fully embraces the fiction.
0.5 This is truly a story I'd rather go to the library and read then watch again.
0.6 For all of the love and money lavished upon John Carter it ends up feeling a touch musty and overly familiar.
0.5 Confusing and, at times, positively frustrating, John Carter is a film that screams too much post-production tinkering. During the screening, I actually turned to Film Fix co-host Jeff Marker and asked him if we had missed a reel.
0.125 If John Carter was a date, you would be running off to the bathroom to call a friend, so the friend would call you ten minutes later with an "emergency", so you could get away.
0.5 Surprisingly humorless, unevenly jumbled fantasy - Blame it on solar flares!
0.5 It isn't bad so much as innocuous, $250-million worth of innocuous, framed by a decent start and a solid finish but sagging through the long middle like a cheap mattress.
0.5 Please fight somebody, John! At least it'll stop them from talking.
0.625 Though messy and overlong, it's an enjoyable throwback to the movie spectacles of a more innocent age.
0.25 Gets off to such an incoherent start that it takes almost the entire, interminable two-hour-plus running time to catch up.
0.5 It's easy to be fascinated with how John Carter looks, but it's difficult to get emotionally involved.
0.625 Like any template, it has the skeleton but is missing the meat.
0.75 Suffers from a convoluted plot and an anticlimactic resolution, but hits enough high notes along the way to be enjoyable.
0.5 The villains are overwrought and the design of Mars is surprisingly bland.
0.25 "Thank God that's over with!" one character utters near the end of "John Carter." No spoken words have ever been truer.
0.6 Kitsch...makes for an excellent hero, even managing to make a loincloth look like this year's must-have item.
0.6 Incredibly well made and heroically performed. It also really delivers when it comes to creating a strange alien world.
0.0 Stanton's screenwriting skills are, on this evidence, slightly below those of George Lucas, so there's plenty of clunky exposition and such inadvertent laugh-lines as: 'I would lay down my life for Helium.'
0.75 The visuals are stunning, the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong. Why, then, did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail?
0.25 There's nothing to see, nothing to think about, nothing to care about, and nothing to feel, just emptiness. The emptiness is never filled over the course of 132 long, barren minutes.
0.2 Amazing how little a century of anticipation and $250 million buys out these days
0.4 There's a lot of hokey fun in old pulp stories like Burroughs', but John Carter fails to capture any of that charm.
0.4 Like watching a storm; yes there are flashes of lightning but most of the time you're just staring at boring grey clouds. After enduring the 132 minutes of John Carter tug-of-war it's not a complete win for team terrible but pretty damn close.
0.6 Messy and chaotic ... but also colorful and kind of fun.
0.625 Kitsch, best known for TV's "Friday Night Lights," proves able to front a movie. The Canadian is as reliable as "Avatar" lead Sam Worthington, with a mix of good looks, brawn and generic heroism.
0.4 It starts with a great story - of love and politics, time travel and mystical pathways between planets - badly sucked dry.
0.5 There's a lot of coming and going in 'John Carter,' and most of the time I wasn't exactly sure where they're coming from or going to.
0.6 All of these characters, and the richly detailed backdrops, are utterly immersive and lifelike - even without the completely unnecessary 3-D.
0.25 It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release.
0.625 There's something generic about the digitally rendered Martians (whatever their stripe and skin tone), and there's a corniness to the dialogue that keeps the audience from any kind of emotional attachment to the Tharks and Zodangans and their ilk.
0.625 "Carter" is so good-natured, and so goofy, that it's hard to completely dislike. But impossible, I think, to understand.
0.75 Against the odds, "John Carter'' is itself pretty amazing - an epic pulp saga that slowly rises to the level of its best imitations and wins you over by degrees.
0.4 For Pixar prodigy Andrew Stanton directing and co-writing, it was obviously a labour of love. But for two hours, as with any problem birth, we get more labour than love.
0.625 "John Carter" may not be a perfect movie, but it's one where you can safely plunk down your money, grab your box of popcorn and come away reasonably satisfied when the closing credits roll.
0.8 A true thinking man's thrill ride.
0.25 It looks as if Disney simply borrowed and recycled the sets of Prince of Persia and Gladiator, adding leftover props from The Phantom Menace and Cowboys and Aliens.
0.8 Sets a high standard for the event movies to follow.
0.75 John Carter is so eager to please that, despite its overblown execution, it still manages to feel intimate and fun.
0.7 Disney bet a whopping $250 million on this becoming its next big franchise, and personally, I'm hoping audiences fall for this displaced yet dashing Southern gentleman and his newfound life abroad.
0.375 Even genre film lovers have standards, and "John Carter" doesn't meet them.
0.625 Like its four-armed Tharks and its ten-legged Calot, this adaptation of Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of sci-fi novels has too many moving parts for its own good.
0.2 I felt as if someone had dragged me into the kitchen of my local Greggs, and was baking my head into the centre of a colossal cube of white bread.
0.6 While "John Carter" is undeniably silly, sprawling and easy to make fun of, it's also playful, genuinely epic and absolutely comfortable being what it is. In this genre, those are virtues as rare as a cave of gold.
0.625 I liked it, and if you're a sci-fi/fantasy fan, you'll probably like it even more.
0.4 It looks fantastic and youngsters may find the exotic universe compelling enough but the result is sadly soulless and unexciting.
0.4 The overriding feeling with John Carter is that there is an epic film to be made from this material, but this just isn't it.
0.4 It feels less like a revival of a classic saga than a rip-off twice removed. Almost everything on screen is old hat, and the few details that have remained fresh for the past 100 years haven't been imitated for good reason.
0.8 An oft-confusing, occasionally silly mega-expensive thrill ride that, for sheer audacity, is the biggest thing to come down the cinematic pike since Avatar.
0.625 Beautifully-realized visuals nearly make up for the well-worn story in this Disney adaptation of the Edgar Rice Burroughs character.
0.75 Not your grandfather's John Carter.
0.5 The difference with Indiana Jones or Pirates of the Caribbean is that most of their action is memorable and filtered through a charismatic hero who fills in the downtime. The flat turns the story takes make it more The Adjustment Bureau meets Spaceballs.
0.625 Often feels silly but only occasionally fun.
0.8 This lavish production of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burrough's space adventure has much to recommend it.
0.375 A cheesy looking (the 3-D adds nothing to the picture) quasi-epic filled with dullish characters and chaotically staged action scenes.
0.5 The major problem here is one of rooting interest. I hate to sound like a mogul, or a focus group ho, but at the center of this picture is a flat, inexpressive protagonist played by a flat, inexpressive actor.
0.625 The action sequences are generally well-executed, but they're too much of a muchness. CGI makes them seem too facile and not tactile enough.
0.6 It overcomes the adversity of cliche by being exciting and mildly intelligent, with a sufficient amount of humour and heart.
0.75 ...has more personality than anyone should rightly expect from a two-hour-plus, CGI-heavy, sci-fi fantasy epic.
0.375 Yes, there is life on Mars in "John Carter," and it's deadly dull.
0.4 It's sometimes wondrous and often amazingly goofy.
0.85 A modern pulp adventure in the classic Spielberg and Lucas vein, John Carter is exactly what pointless entertainment should be but often isn't
0.85 Andrew Stanton has created a fantastic and magical epic that makes "John Carter" the rightful heir to the Star Wars legacy.
0.75 John Carter manages to be a ridiculous amount of fun, even if you are immune to the charms of Taylor Kitsch running around in what amounts to a stylish loincloth.
0.5 Somehow, despite that boatload of talent, the movie never really comes together.
0.6 Director Andrew Stanton has a strong sense of what makes "adventure" adventurous, helping John Carter encapsulate everything about a great time at the movies.
0.4 The film is at least half-an-hour too long and is often as dull as Will Smith's repulsively silly Wild Wild West.
0.6 An adventure that feels real and fantastical at the same time.
0.8 Beautifully designed and impressively directed, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, emotionally engaging space opera with an intelligent script, strong characters, terrific special effects and superb performances from Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
0.4 Aside from a few inspired vistas and alien life-forms, John Carter is as deadly dull as its basso-voiced, beefcake slab of a star.
0.25 It's hard to care about anything going on in this shapeless would-be franchise, which lurches from scene to scene without building any real excitement.
0.125 It's both abrupt and languorous, a wall-to-wall exhibition of design work where nobody had the basic decency to make sure the designs were good.
0.6 Lavish and lengthy, it has the spectacle and spirit of a Saturday matinee movie but not its fleetness or fun.
0.8 For me, this is the first movie of its kind in a very long time that I'd willingly sit through a second or even third time.
0.8 A terrific time at the movies. Comes a lot closer to being on-par with the beloved sci-fi movies of our youth than most modern blockbusters.
0.6 A very entertaining, unusual and loveable mess.
0.6 Just about every sci-fi/fantasy/superhero adventure you ever loved is in here somewhere.
0.9 A fun story, impressive alien world, and cool 3D effects make John Carter a surprise treat that may not have been on your radar.
0.4 Arid, barren Barsoom is a dull environment for a sci-fi blockbuster, and the consequences of the conflicts happening on screen are small. John Carter just never pulled me in.
0.6 A handsome new sci-fi adventure that feels rather familiar. Enjoyable enough while it lasts, John Carter is big on ambition and disappointingly short on action.
0.4 The story veers between interesting, boring and borderline incomprehensible.
0.8 John Carter is a fantastic fusion of old-fashioned adventure excitement and modern blockbuster spectacle. In short, it's wonderful.
0.8 Lynn Collins's feisty Dejah Thoris is the best kick-ass sci-fi princess since Leia
0.8 When John Carter moves up the gears it's an accomplished blockbuster packed with pulse-racing action.
0.5 Perhaps the sequel - if we ever get there - will fill in the gaps and expand on John Carter's legend now all the expositional heavy-lifting has been done. But is that an acceptable excuse for an epic to be this underwhelming?
0.8 John Carter is a fun blockbuster. There is fun in its action scenes, in its jaw dropping imagery and especially in its surprising sense of humour that Andrew Stanton melds well with its brand of sci-fi spectacular.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as the first, and lacks the traces of true stupidity that make the latter two fun bad movies.
0.6 Rather redundant, rather biting. What, fish again?! Still, not a bad sequel.
0.2 Roy Scheider is the only redeeming quality of this sequel.
0.8 A vastly underrated sequel with plenty of shocks and nail-biting tension. Not quite up to the original, but still loads of fun.
0.8 Delivers [Nearly] as much as the first
0.2 The first of three crummy sequels unworthy of the original.
0.625 ...Jaws 2 hits a qualitative ceiling due to the joint absence of Steven Spielberg and Academy Award-winning editor Verna Fields.
0.75 the filmmakers did everything they could to breathe new life into the material without forgetting what had made that material work in the first place
0.5 The film's long middle is still a slog, but the beginning and ending are loud and weird enough to supply solid entertainment.
0.4 I may not be a doctor but believe me there is no way that Stewart and Pattinson would ever produce a baby this ugly.
0.875 The Twilight series comes to a close with this uneven yet satisfying finale that effectively wraps up the saga of these vivid, almost iconic characters...
0.6 I rolled my eyes, laughed at, and laughed with this film. I was entertained. It's a sloppy enjoyable mess, and the most fun I had watching a 'Twilight' movie.
0.5 Hopelessly dumb and often unintentionally funny. As with everything about this nutty series, I couldn't shake the feeling that Stephenie Meyer's creation is just kooky in all the wrong ways.
0.6 if you haven't seen any of them - why not see this one? It's crazy fun for less than two hours ... It's all very tonally specific, and the tone is bonkers. But it's so intriguing, and everyone looks so good ... the guiltiest pleasure of the year.
0.5 In one of Stephenie Meyer's weirder conceits, Jacob 'imprints' on Bella's daughter: This may be the most awkward way to resolve a love triangle since Luke discovered Leia was his sister.
0.625 Condon, the cast, and the crew of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 have made something they can be proud of.
0.8 "Breaking Dawn Part 2" offers readers and moviegoers the ending they hoped for. Only problem is most will be asking for more and wishing it was not the final chapter.
0.7 The big payoff to the Twilight saga is a solidly mounted, carefully directed exercise in franchise box-ticking... Even the decapitations are done tastefully.
0.6 The perfect ending of the series for those who are fans of the books, but for the rest it is a little overdone and confusing.
0.5 At a key point, coven leader Aro (Michael Sheen) lets out a spectacular laugh - which nearly drowned out my own.
0.2 Not nearly enough shots of Taylor's abs.
0.4 Even for a franchise that is horribly light on drama, nothing at all happens here.
0.5 And so it ends -- better than it started, but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought.
0.375 Oh, my, what a cheat is in store for viewers of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2.'
0.2 A reminder that the journey has been a murmur rather than a saga, and the final plod is no exception
0.55 From bottom of my heart thank you. And thank you to Bella, Edward and Jacob for letting us laugh, cry, debate, and pick sides while you three bastards stare at each other.
0.6 Bloodier, funnier and even more ridiculous, but the final chapter of this saga is better paced than the Potterthon.
0.5 The fifth and final entry in the historically successful "Twilight" franchise is the most self-aware and in some ways the most entertaining.
0.375 Well, thank god that's over.
0.6 There are better ways to spend your evening. Perhaps there's some laundry to be done?
0.5 I'll probably never understand the popularity of the Twilight movies. They're haphazardly assembled adaptations of awful books.
0.375 As for the millions that have had to suffer through this series, we celebrate the end of one of the worst franchises in cinematic history and are thankful that we no longer have to dread more of this soap opera that should have been cancelled long ago.
0.5 The Twilight films can hardly be considered masterpieces, but neither do they deserve the fear and loathing from male moviegoers threatened by the very existence of any franchise aimed at women. Still, this one fares the worst in practically every regard.
0.625 Twihards, don't rip my head off for saying this, but I enjoyed your reaction to the final Twilight movie than the actual movie, although it was better than the awful Part I.
0.6 Syrupy, suspensful and surreal, proclaiming this final segment as the best of the 'Twilight' saga is damning with faint praise.
0.5 If you removed the endless soulful gazes, this whole series could've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus.
0.6 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 won't win any converts to either Team Edward or Team Jacob, but it has enough appeal to extend beyond the hardcore fans who attend ritualistically as a form of tribal identifier...
0.0 Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 2 is an unredeemable waste of time and money. Like the vampire characters it's utterly lifeless and yet by that monstrous twist of fate - it exists.
0.2 The Twilight Saga has finally ended, not with a triumphant roar but with the self-satisfied mumble of an inconsiderate lover rolling over and breaking wind as they fall asleep
0.8 The ultimate catharsis, giving the series' detractors exactly what they've wanted to see all these many years [and] telling the story that Twihards wanted to see too.
0.4 It's a mess
0.3 Much like The Human Centipede 2, Breaking Dawn: Part 2 completely fails as a serious film, but it makes one heck of an entertaining comedy.
0.6 'Breaking Dawn - Part 2' is the best of the series, despite the terrible CGI, mediocre dialogue and constant reminder of this is nothing but a love triangle between two guys and girl.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 isn't the best Twilight Saga movie, but it does contain the best Twilight battle.
0.6 Wow, is it fun.
0.6 Final Twilight focuses on Edward and Bella's legacy.
0.6 Unintentionally humorous exchanges and awkward visuals undercut the quality of the filmmaking - but the final movie delivers a solid conclusion for its intended audience.
0.5 You're going to hear a lot about Breaking Dawn Part 2 being the best of the Twilight movies. That's like saying a simple head cold is preferable to swine flu.
0.4 The Twilight Saga signs off on something of a whimper with Breaking Dawn - Part 2, despite the best intentions of those involved to bring some extra punch and spectacle to Stephenie Meyer's source novel.
0.4 (It all) adds up to a movie of limited pleasures and lengthy miseries... and when combined with Part 1, it's an endurance test that few outside the faithful could even pass.
0.5 The prologue picks up where the nutty "Part I" left off, but that's about it for the next hour and a half.
0.2 A tepid end to a tepid saga. The CGI is bad enough that you'd think this came from the mid-nineties.
0.4 The 'Twilight Saga' has no upmarket aspirations. Seeking neither critical applause or peer-review awards, these movies, like those of Tyler Perry, seek only to provide unabashed satisfaction to those who believe in their characters.
0.7 With a flurry of bonkers action and cross-species bonding, The Twilight Saga surges to a howling conclusion that has more attitude in it than all four previous films put together.
0.375 Will Chris Hansen and the Dateline NBC team burst out of the woods to catch that predator Jacob?
0.6 The fifth and final instalment of the Twilight saga has the best climax of any blockbuster this year.
0.5 The finale is a doozy, almost certain to be satisfying to fans and impressive even to the casual "Twilight" viewer. But so much of what comes before that payoff...is mundane, dull, all talk and no action.
0.6 A riotous showdown ... finds an absurdly ingenious way both to preserve and subvert the contentiously passive climax of Meyer's novel.
0.75 Finally, there is something we can all agree on: Twilight is awesome. Trust me, I'm shrieking on the inside.
0.375 I'm not sure why I even bother to review these movies. TWILIGHT fans are going to see these regardless of what I think. They're going to like BREAKING DAWN part 2, just because it's TWILIGHT. They're blinded.
1.05 The opening section of the movie has the air of a 1980s shampoo commercial as the two newlyweds... make passionate love to a nonstop music track.
0.6 A tortura chegou ao fim.
0.625 Ironically, Kristen Stewart shows more life and spark dead than she did alive in four previous movies as the vapid Bella.
0.625 [The end credits are] a chance for "Twilight" fans to say goodbye to their favorites, and a chance for everyone else to delight in the knowledge that this consistently underwhelming saga is at long last over.
0.75 A finale that both rewards longtime fans with the most satisfying conclusion possible while providing a spectacular main event style brawl for action junkies.
0.25 It's a movie so dull you might start yanking on your own head after about an hour.
0.5 The series as a whole has steadily lowered the level of expectations to the point where 'less bad' has become 'good.'
0.4 Other than the Bram Stoker meets "Braveheart" battle, this vessel offers very little to make our collective blood race.
0.625 After the laborious exposition of "Part 1," "Part 2" is able to reap the benefits, tying together some disparate threads and providing real action at the end.
0.1 Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage.
0.6 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 offers a very efficient, mildly touching, morally unimpeachable conclusion to a chronicle that has left an indelible impact on contemporary popular culture.
0.625 The first "Twilight" film that could get non-fans' hearts pumping turns out to be the last.
0.5 Fans of the series, which has made more than $2 billion worldwide, will no doubt find it all terribly romantic and deeply meaningful. The rest of humanity will remain unmoved.
0.6 Despite the slow start Mr. Condon closes the series in fine, smooth style. He gives fans all the lovely flowers, conditioned hair and lightly erotic, dreamy kisses they deserve.
0.625 It's an ending to a four-book and five-movie series that will keep those who have read the books on their toes but still satisfy as one of the more action-packed and exciting of the Twilight movies.
0.4 Breaking Dawn Part 2 is the best Twilight movie ever made. That doesn't mean it's good.
0.4 As billion-dollar Hollywood franchises go, this is one of the drawn-out dumbest. The stake through the heart comes not a moment too soon.
0.5 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" doesn't end the series on an especially strong note, but it ends it. Let's count our blessings.
0.5 Full of pauses and intense looks and vague standing around ...
0.75 [Condon and Rosenberg] deviate from the original story created by Stephenie Meyer in a way that feels like a dance in the end zone.
0.7 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 will elicit laughs aplenty - but thankfully, they're all on purpose.
0.4 When the climactic battle finally arrives, it's a big letdown, full of bloodless decapitations (thanks, PG-13 rating) and awkward face-offs.
0.5 No rocket's red glare or bombs bursting in air for this Twilight's last gleaming.
0.4 Plays more like a bloated final hour of a better movie than an actually satisfying experience on its own terms.
0.4 The catering-ad backdrops, pouty nonperformances and cheap-looking effects still dominate.
0.375 With so many scenes of well-dressed vampires sitting or standing, stiffly, while Taylor Lautner or Robert Pattinson or Kristen Stewart passes another micro-slab of dialogue like a kidney stone, [Sheen's] overacting's greatly appreciated, thanks.
0.9 A satisfying and gratifying ending to the journey of Edward and Bella that summarizes all the lessons we've learned from them.
0.6 Director Bill Condon makes up for his rather lacklustre adaptation of the first half of Stephenie Meyer's concluding novel Breaking Dawn with a full-throated Part 2.
0.4 The final Twilight movie, bizarrely actionless for much of its length, may be the longest whimper in Rom-Goth history. Even the title weakens the will to live.
0.625 It's not a good film, but viewed from a cockeyed angle, it's a great guilty pleasure, and director Bill Condon is in on the joke.
0.625 Easily the trippiest and goofiest of the five addled adolescent vampire romances based on the Stephenie Meyer books ...
0.625 Immortality becomes Bella. After moping and mewing throughout the first four film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer's "Twilight" paranormal romance series, the heroine takes charge.
0.625 It's a fairly satisfying wrap-up to a not-very-satisfying series.
0.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best film in the series, thanks to stylish direction, a good sense of tone, and decent acting. It also has an infuriating ending that reinforces the worst of this series.
0.6 Director Bill Condon infuses the final entry with a refreshing balance of fun, vibrancy, action, humor and genuine emotion, making Part 2 the best of the bunch, by far.
0.375 As for you, dear reader, the symptoms of our long national nightmare should begin to fade as you're heading out of the theater, dissipating by the time you clear the concession stand.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2, the fifth and concluding chapter of the young vampire romance franchise, manages to find a pulse as it profitably clicks the turnstiles one last time.
0.6 A mainstream film designed for mass consumption that is quirky and personal and deeply felt.
0.5 Heavenly shades of night are falling: it's Twilight time...[for a series which] has always been borderline comical in its moments of greatest sincerity...
0.4 This is still a silly, unapologetically melodramatic - and at times unintentionally funny - teen soap opera, and one that is made for fans and only fans. Which I still am not.
0.6 It's not a terribly satisfactory capper to the Twilight franchise because it sets aside the strange undercurrents of desire and danger that defined the series and made it such a hair-tearing conundrum for feminists ...
0.5 This fifth and mercifully final installment features so much idle anticipation that it's unclear whether we're watching a movie or an Apple product launch.
0.625 Characters are better employed; emotions are, for once, palpable; and the selfishness of Bella, author Stephenie Meyer's avatar, is finally somewhat squelched.
0.5 The final shrug.
0.75 Rather than repeat past mistakes by handling author Stephenie Meyer's supernatural love story with kid gloves, this "Twilight" cuts loose and is as playful as a puppy.
0.6 So why does Hollywood forget the female audience when we need more heroines like Katniss Everdeen and Bella Swan? Is it simply that boys like the cinema more than girls? Well, Twilight blew the cobwebs off that movie myth.
0.6 The dialogue remains spotty and sappy, the effects still haven't caught up to modern-day standards, but "Twilight's" popularity is such that even when it falls short, it doesn't seem to matter.
0.5 This is a rousing climax to the series. But, if you hated it from the beginning, there is no reason here to change your mind.
0.625 The changes make for a visceral, satisfying climax. After the ups and downs of previous "Twilight" films, it's good to have the series quit while it's ahead.
0.625 Finally, someone took the source material at its terribly written word and stopped treating the whole affair so seriously.
0.5 Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg aren't afraid to play fast and loose with Meyer's story, and that's a good thing. You just wish they'd done it more often.
0.4 Everyone's tying up loose ends, and demonstrating no particular enthusiasm about doing so.
0.4 Between its farcical script, soulless relationships and waxwork performances, this is a final chapter that will please only the most devout fans.
0.6 A lot more fun than the last few films and it does at least deliver a genuinely thrilling finale. Sort of.
0.6 Twilight fans will certainly enjoy BD2's faithful approach to the tricky-to-film source material and celebrate a triumphant ending to their beloved saga.
0.6 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" expands with a full intensity of force, stronger and more epic than the films that led to this impactful finale.
0.625 I must admit if you're going to bring the series to a close, "Part 2" does it about as well as it can be done.
0.375 In the climactic sequence things finally start happening, as if they wanted to show the movie they could have made if they weren't stuck with such lifeless material.
0.375 The central question of this "saga" ... having been answered in the final seconds of the previous movie ... there simply is no longer any tension left.
0.625 On final assessment, "The Twilight Saga" has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of, but one thing is for sure: all involved saved the best for last.
0.8 The final film restores order and balance, with a firm grasp of what made the series exceptional in the first place.
0.4 After nearly two hours of padding, there's a laughable climactic battle sequence with heads shattering bloodlessly.
0.4 Aside from the impressive final showdown, Breaking Dawn - Part 2 feels like the dying breaths of a cash cow being milked dry.
0.6 Surprise: Twilight has discovered a fresh sense of danger and energy.
0.6 Bigger, better and bloodier than its predecessors...
0.6 Various character arcs are brought to a satisfying conclusion and there's a fun twist.
0.6 In terms of providing plenty of bang for one's buck, Breaking Dawn Part 2 definitely ends the franchise on a high note.
0.4 Heads roll, sparks fly, wolves howl and the cinema audience collapses, weak with laughter.
0.6 Fans will be left on a high; other viewers will be confused but generally entertained by a saga whose romance is matched only by its weirdness.
0.4 Despite all those fierce confrontations and tribal divisions, exhaustively rehearsed and mythologised, nobody's really a bad guy and nothing's really at stake.
0.6 Three fingers of supernatural teen romance served neat in a dirty glass with a sparkler and cocktail umbrella, and not a single concession is made to newcomers, or sanity.
0.6 Directed by Bill Condon, who helmed the last instalment, the film's an adequate end to the story but not much else.
0.8 Twilight Breaking Dawn: Part 2 really does stand up to be the epic conclusion that we were all waiting and hoping for
0.8 Every frame of silent, lip-biting, pent-up tension in the series has been holding its breath for this -- a 600-minute soap opera suddenly exploding into a Grindhouse slasher.
0.6 Somehow the final film has stuff to say about love, friendship and loyalty that works.
0.8 Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
0.875 The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
1.0 While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
0.9 By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
0.8 Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
0.625 ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
0.625 It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
0.4 Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
0.8 Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
0.7 ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to.
0.6 Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
1.0 Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
0.8 [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
0.8 Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
0.3 Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
0.75 An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
0.69 Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
0.6 The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
0.75 A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
0.5 The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
0.4 If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
0.75 It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
0.75 A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
1.0 The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
0.75 There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
0.9 Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
0.75 This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
0.875 ...one of the best films of the year.
0.5 Somewhere beneath the syrupy melodrama and the scenes that should have expired long ago, there is an intelligent, thoughtful western in waiting.
0.9 This is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in Silverado.
0.8 An exhilarating fusion of new and old Hollywood that proves there's still life left in one of film's oldest forms.
1.0 It's a grand old western the way they used to make 'em, simple and elegant and cool and dusty and marvelous... the best western made since Unforgiven.
0.7 The presence Duvall and Costner bring to the screen is only matched by Costner's ability as a director to take the dark material of Open Rangeand make it feel classic.
0.4 I started a thinkin how cum Kevin Costner couldn't a made a better movie. I shor nuff liked his Dances with Wolves but he jes moseyed round a lot more in this piture. Why there twern't a lot o action.
0.6 A movie that seeks no higher calling than to entertain us the way Hollywood used to.
0.7 Kevin Costner brings us another epic Western, but Robert Duvall steals the show.
0.6 Not without its charms.
0.375 Open Range is far from the worst film of the year, but it does test one's endurance like no other.
0.625 Open Range has too much of what its title portends.
0.6 A leisurely elegy for the American West with Kevin Costner's Unforgiven written all over it.
0.625 Has a pace as laconic as its director's screen persona.
0.5 Open Range is a Western in which the carts pull the horses.
1.0 If you grew up on Westerns, which are now an old-time religion, Open Range is a ride you want to share.
1.0 [A] very special and singular film
0.5 Purty but shallow.
0.9 Easily qualifies as the best Western since Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven.
0.75 A rousing addition to that most American of film genres, the western.
0.625 An awesome compendium of cowboy-movie cliches. It borders on parody, and often crosses the border, rustling up a drove of oater aphorisms.
0.6 Open Range is too talky, too corny and too long. Yet it gets so much right, from its simple affection for the sight of horses at full gallop to a climactic gunfight that sets a new standard for wit and excitement and right- eous revenge.
0.875 Kevin Costner is back in the saddle again, and people are going to start using "Oscar" and "Costner" in the same sentence again.
0.78 Robert Duvall brings an authenticity to his performances that puts any movie he appears in ahead of the game from the start.
0.75 A solidly crafted and entertaining old-school western.
0.75 Costner doesn't seek to reinvent the classic Westerns as much as simply honor them. On those modest terms, he succeeds.
0.5 There's a fine little western lurking inside Open Range: Too bad it gets drowned out by director Kevin Costner's pretentiousness.
0.875 A film that recycles familiar elements from a variety of cowboy classics but still establishes and maintains its own unique sensibility.
0.75 This is a great two-hour motion picture. Unfortunately, it runs 20 minutes longer than that.
0.8 The best duster since Clint Eastwood's 1992 triumph Unforgiven.
0.5 Despite some lapses in taste at the end, Open Range is competently directed, though rarely inspired. No one is going to mistake Kevin Costner for John Ford.
0.625 If the climax of Open Range is disappointing, the ending is almost intolerable, as the plot descends into a twinkling love story, and Costner reverts to filmmaking aimed at 12-year-olds.
0.625 A pretty decent little movie.
0.625 The first two hours of Open Range are a great pleasure, and the final minutes come as a vague indigestion.
0.75 With actors less sure than Duvall and Bening alongside him, Costner's old-fashioned Western would collapse. With them in the saddles, it rides into the sunset in high style.
0.8 One of 2003's best films.
0.75 A patient, suspenseful exercise in genre craftsmanship.
0.75 Costner saves his best work for the finale, an electrifying gun battle that steers clear of Western cliches to re-create the chaos and brutality of a place thick with flying bullets.
0.625 A good film struggling to free itself from directorial excess. . . . Open Range strives for the heft of [director Kevin] Costner's signature work, Dances With Wolves," but this tale is too simple for the royal treatment.
0.875 ...a movie my 79-year-old grandfather will love. And I can't think of a better compliment.
0.75 The final shootout belongs in the Western pantheon with the poetic, anti-heroic shootouts in Anthony Mann's The Far Country and Robert Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller.
0.6 Western's sincerity and Robert Duvall's warm, fascinating lead performance can't make up for a rough ride with an uneven tone.
0.75 This is by far the best film Costner has made in the past six years. As always, his direction misses no details, instilling considerably more sensitivity in the movie than you might expect to find in a Western.
0.75 As comfortable as a well-worn saddle, Open Range is something you might have caught one Sunday afternoon on Turner Classic Movies.
0.7 Proves the new-fashioned western can deliver good old-fashioned entertainment.
0.75 [A] relaxed, beautifully photographed Western.
0.8 Ultimately it was the characters that drew me in, specifically Duvall and Costner's.
0.875 An imperfect but deeply involving and beautifully made Western.
0.75 Open Range is actually pretty good.
0.25 Kevin Costner's Open Range only proves it's time for this cowboy to hang up his spurs.
0.875 A flashback to both the great American western and a form of storytelling where gunshots were not an immediate reaction but a methodical inevitability.
0.8 Costner approaches the project with an earnest nobility that's quite impressive, mainly because Earnest Nobility often becomes Unintentional Hilarity when coaxed too adamantly
0.75 Costner seems to fashion himself as a modern-day Frank Capra, pitting his flawed but morally centered heroes against a system waiting to tear them to shreds.
0.625 Open Range does not reach the heights of such classic Westerns as Red River or Unforgiven. It strives to be classy, which is one of its faults.
0.625 A sincere, big-hearted attempt to revive the classic westerns of John Ford and Howard Hawks, Open Range is more good than bad.
0.4 A ponderous drag.
0.6 Kevin Knows Westerns.
0.5 A striking, if flawed, achievement.
0.6 A harmless but singularly unremarkable oater that takes a long time to reach the Big Shootout.
0.75 From its gorgeous photography...to its brutal, wide-ranging, Peckinpah-worthy climactic shootout, this is some of Costner's best work.
0.625 The actors are so good that you could almost live with the man's- gotta -do-what -a-man's -gotta-do excesses of Craig Storper's script.
0.75 Costner is not the most exuberant actor, but, for the most part, that's an asset here.
0.7 After a long string of bombs, Costner delivers a real winner that will remind people why he won an Oscar for Dances with Wolves.
0.625 A strange mix of the grand and the hackneyed that it never really gets its bearings -- even though, at its best, it reminds us how grand, impure and potentially alive the Western genre can be.
1.0 ...bold, compelling and brilliant...
0.9 Open Range puts Kevin Costner at the reins of a terrific movie.
0.3 It won't be long before Kevin Costner films are viewed by prescription only._ No drug could come close to curing insomnia in the way that Kevin's latest movie does.
0.8 Fits Costner's on screen sensibilities like a glove, making him seem as if he were born to play a craggy faced cowboy and nothing else.
0.625 Good old fashioned Western scenery. Great performance by Duvall. Slow at outset, weak accents, some holes, some implausibles.
0.625 It also helps that Costner doesn't allow the hurt inflicted against his oppressed free grazers to approach the wearisome political correctness of his Dances With Wolves.
0.875 Not only one of the best of the few Westerns made recently, it's also one of the finest Westerns, period.
0.5 Kevin Costner rises up from the carcass of his career to produce, direct and star in a flaccid ode to the classic Western.
0.7 The saga length of the story might have had more impact with less bloat and mythic gravity, a tendency that seems to pursue Costner like an underfed bronco.
0.625 A western that wrestles briefly with Unforgiven introspection before contenting itself with fiddling around with a gun/dog fetish.
1.0 Open Range is a romantic, beautiful, and delightfully authentic Western.
0.4 Kevin keeps all the actors on screen at an energy level that wavers between laconic and stoic and stoic may be overstating the case just a smidge
0.8 70's Samurai action ... mixes drama and historical relevance with the mostly two-dimensional villains and wholesale slaughter that you'd expect from a good chop-sake' film.
0.8 The final instalment, Deathly Hallows Part 2, is a bravura duel between good and evil. It's also a cathartic, occasionally clunky nostalgiafest.
0.75 Come the conclusion, tears no doubt will be shed, probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era's end, I'm not sure. Probably both.
0.875 It's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen. Expect tears, both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling.
0.8 For 10 years and eight films we've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people, as performers and as characters. It has been a true coming-of-age saga, in the fullest and most moving sense of the term.
0.75 The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films, and the reason this one works, is the acting of its three young leads.
0.6 It certainly went out making its presence felt, but in my opinion, though there were explosions aplenty, a few deaths, and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should, I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang.
0.6 The grand finish, if not always inspired, feels necessary. In a sustained, imaginative way, this is the best of any movie series.
0.5 Sadly, though, the finale isn't the spectacle the series really deserves, and I feel fans will gloss over the film's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that 'the Deathly Hallows Part 2' is an average affair.
0.6 As to the three principals, they've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully.
0.875 When the time comes to face Harry's fate, Radcliffe confidently, casually shows how much he's matured as an actor.
0.85 I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close. It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy, even at its spottiest, and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories.
1.0 Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology.
0.8 Thankfully, Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, a smashing, melancholy, and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga.
1.0 The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each, so it's obvious their followers are legion. But this is also a series that takes itself seriously, never more so than in this, the deathly finale.
0.875 Radcliffe's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary, truly amazing when you think about it.
1.0 This enthralling film ends the series on a high note, exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived, an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people.
0.625 Passable, well-acted, but not one of the best films of the series.
0.8 The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released.
0.75 Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters.
0.875 What truly unifies this ten-year, eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards.
0.8 Ending the light fantastic
0.8 A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation.
0.7 For the most part, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II picks up right where Part I, the franchise's shining beacon on a hill, leaves off.
0.81 It all ends. And to be sure, it's a fitting end for the storied franchise.
0.625 Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they've been building toward for so long, and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics: roller coaster rides, battle scenes, close calls.
0.875 For the most part, the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children's book series to an era unto itself.
1.0 While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes, Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things, but, alas, it was a trick and a false hope, because in the end...it was, irrevocably, THE END.
0.6 This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago.
0.8 It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade.
0.8 An emotional, have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they've come to know, love and care about make their collective exit.
0.875 Back in the first movie, Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him. With the cinematic conclusion ten years later, he's been proven right.
0.7 The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood. Take a bow, folks.
0.9 ...as the ads suggest, it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills... horrors, action and laughs so easily generated in the "Potter" movies,
0.8 a very substantial fantasy film, perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films. With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion.
0.7 A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans; not the best HP movie but one of the best.
0.6 ... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally.
0.75 delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for: battles, suspense, revelations, and, most importantly, a fitting, emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling's novel.
0.875 The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings.
0.8 Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie.
0.8 If these movies have done nothing else, they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience, never swaying from that mission, and doing it exceptionally well.
1.0 ... a brilliant finish to the series, an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism.
0.6 Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie. No hace falta ser un gran fanatico para esperar esta culminacion con ansiedad, e incluso para emocionarse.
0.8 This is a massive, tentpole, franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential, surprising and exhilarating ingredient.
0.9 I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are.
0.6 The Harry Potter movies aren't really movies. They're the world's most expensive book illustrations.
0.75 The messianic aspect of Harry's purpose-driven life comes to the fore... making this an action-packed, adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story...
0.9 This Harry has something the others don't -- the power of goodbye. That helps this film be the best of the series.
0.9 This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel.
1.0 The magic isn't over. Far from it.
0.9 For a grand finale to a truly epic, good-natured franchise, this is a perfect goodbye that's very hard to beat.
0.9 Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces, the Harry Potter films, taken individually or as a whole, are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material.
1.0 It's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful, decade-long love affair with Harry Potter.
0.9 The filmmakers thankfully remember that we've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we, the audience, will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding.
0.9 While 'Deathly Hallows: Part 2' brings closure to the sprawling saga, the primary reason to see the film is because it's entertaining.
0.875 With nothing left to tell, the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back.
0.9 One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows: Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated, but for those in the know, it's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical.
0.8 begins with a bang and doesn't stop.
0.7 A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning.
0.875 Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking, imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale.
0.75 It's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper. It's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay. A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe's Pabst can.
0.75 More than ever, Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort, and the talented thespian is up to the task, holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance.
0.9 "A worthy conclusion to the series, providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling's wizard saga."
1.0 A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy.
0.9 If ever there was a critic-proof film, this is most certainly it - but, pleasingly, it's so good that it doesn't have to be.
0.875 Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper.
0.75 ... a mostly satisfying coda, with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux.
0.875 Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy, but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own.
0.875 The Potter universe, magical as it is, is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions. You don't read Harry Potter to escape, you read Harry Potter to find your way.
0.7 Not the be-all and end-all of its series, nor of summer blockbusters... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride.
0.875 Thematically, like any good myth, the Harry Potter story comes full circle, with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures, if only in our imaginations.
0.875 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution. This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper. There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like...
0.9 One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen, in this series or outside of it... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this.
0.5 [It] bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace. Many of the movies, including this one, have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them.
0.9 In the end, it's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling's concept that makes it a can't-put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind.
0.8 Harry Potter isn't about the wand choosing the wizard; it's about what education should be about: transforming imagination into reality.
0.875 Satisfying
1.0 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch. It's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment.
0.8 Ten years. Eight movies. Evil vanquished. It's done.
0.875 In the 10 years since Harry's first big- screen close-up, the spell has never been broken. And we Muggles have been made better for the magic.
0.9 As they say, all good things must come to an end. But in this instance, you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note. Thanks for the memories, Harry Potter. We'll miss you.
0.95 Fantastic! Emotional! Its a full blown out war!
1.0 Spectacularly epic, poignant end to a magical series.
0.875 "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more.
0.875 The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development, loud moments and quiet ones, and it's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish.
1.0 The greatest Potter film of them all.
0.8 The Potter films have gotten darker, both literally and figuratively, with each installment, and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black.
0.8 In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry's been forced to become. It's a real performance, layered and even moving.
0.8 A fitting final chapter.
0.6 Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad, you understand; it's much better than I expected, given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular.
1.0 This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name.
0.75 It's a solid capper for this monumental series.
0.75 It's so detailed and mature that there's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence.
0.8 There's no doubt about it: Harry Potter ends on a high.
0.8 The finale is a great British triumph, twice as good as its predecessor, highly recommended. A happy ending, as I think it's known.
0.8 There's not much to say about this movie. If you've read the books, you'll go and see it and love it. If you've seen all the other films, you'll go and see it and love it.
0.8 An exciting, appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish.
0.9 ...the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in "Return of the Jedi."
0.875 It's been a rocky road, but this final stop is among the series' best entries.
0.875 End of an extensive journey, hauling a weight of finality that's bittersweet. Still, there's much to celebrate here, with the picture a stirring, magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey.
0.8 An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates' finest entry yet, but one of the best films in the series.
0.8 This Potter movie is the greatest, a fantastic end to a monumental series.
0.75 By staying true to the book's themes, fans immersed in Rowling's world will be more than satisfied, and should be advised to bring a tissue.
0.7 It's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion.
0.8 So long, Harry. It's been magic.
0.8 Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes.
0.8 This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner.
1.0 The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning. That's the definition of a classic.
1.0 A fitting, shocking, exciting, mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome.
0.6 Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series.
0.8 Watched as a stand-alone film it's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying, but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history.
0.75 [Ends] the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels.
0.6 I can merely pay illiterate, honest homage to the costumes, special effects and set designs, which are all fantastic. And to the actors, hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis.
0.8 That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate.
0.8 after ten years, eight films, and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling, Harry Potter's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling, if not more so, than the first
1.0 The final film has been labeled the 'epic conclusion' and I was elated to discover that it didn't disappoint.
0.75 It works its own kind of magic, the kind that comes from a great story, well told.
1.0 This is a terrific, smartly designed adolescent adventure, visually rich, narratively satisfying, and bound to resonate for years to come.
0.7 Part 2 is never not good, but that's small comfort when anticipating greatness.
0.8 Less committed filmgoers probably won't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless.
0.8 The final installment of Harry Potter's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others.
0.8 It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series, nor the perfect conclusion to it. It's what it represents that's significant. And that's the end of an era.
1.0 A dazzling, stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise.
0.9 Harry Potter's epic journey ends with power and majesty. For 10 years, we've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb. All building to: This.
0.6 How do you compete with young Harry, young Ron, and young Hermione? You can't. They're ones of a kind. Good night sweet princes and princess.
1.0 The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before.
0.8 The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with.
0.9 Everything comes together; the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk venom, Parseltongue, polyjuice potion, the castle ghosts... there's no fat here.
0.8 So the wait was worth it. The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort, and is not a disappointment.
0.875 Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler's cinematic adventures began, the saga resolves in ways suspenseful, romantic and thrilling.
0.875 Exactly what it needs to be: artfully filmed, tautly paced, just sentimental enough.
0.8 As a standalone film, it delivers intense and engaging action. Though, I couldn't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see.
1.0 A truly magical finale.
0.875 The best was saved for last.
0.875 It has been extraordinarily fun, and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale. The best has been saved for the last.
1.0 The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray (where Eduardo Serra's cinematography will really pop) and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever.
0.8 David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers.
0.75 With its heartening final note of hope and renewal, Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all.
1.0 Well done, Harry! You've saved the best for last.
1.0 Tears are shed for the lost, cheers are raised for the (often unexpectedly) brave and noble, and, in the movie's final moments, there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking.
0.875 It's virtually non-stop action, though director David Yates, who has taken good care of these final four, ever-meaner Potter adventures, does a very crafty thing, following adapter Steve Kloves' screenplay.
0.875 This movie is impressively staged, the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through, there are surprises which, in hindsight, seem fair enough, and "Harry Potter" now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history.
1.0 A finale that's as moving, spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike.
1.0 Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project. Writer Steve Kloves... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials.
1.0 This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film.
0.8 J.K. Rowling's boy wizard gets a spectacular, yet not entirely satisfying finale.
0.875 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania.
0.875 It's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations. What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book, and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade.
0.9 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end. The movie's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant, half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you've savored.
0.875 A satisfying wrap-up of the series, with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman.
0.875 Some will complain that the film doesn't explain anything, blithely assuming you've read the books, and simply plows ahead. Good.
0.875 The movie puts a spell on you.
0.8 Ao longo de uma decada, a serie Harry Potter transportou criancas de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa, imaginativa, envolvente, tocante, divertida, inteligente e deliciosa.
0.8 Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion.
1.0 What a way to go out.
0.8 Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring, director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film, and the best of the whole series.
0.75 ...good enough, which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole.
0.5 Epic battle? Please. Director David Yates moves at only two speeds: Super-charged yet not impactful and labored, faux-majestic stillness.
0.875 A fitting, expertly made final chapter, freighted with hard-won emotions, shot through with a sense of farewell, and fully aware of the epic stakes involved.
0.875 Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues. You're going to need both.
0.75 What fun to feel like a kid again. I had a marvelous time.
0.7 Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it.
0.75 If you don't know what a Horcrux is, then you're at the wrong movie.
0.7 One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D
0.75 Radcliffe's Potter is an abominable creation, capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees, ability to infiltrate the hero's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer.
0.875 Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material, this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic.
1.0 The final Harry Potter movie, above all others, supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion, but some real dramatic heft. Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout.
1.0 Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high.
0.875 We'll miss you, Harry. But oh, what a way to go out.
1.0 The fast-paced, spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series.
0.8 It may not contain many of the series' most comic, surprising or quotable moments, but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century's most popular fictional characters.
0.8 While it's unfolding, this is just terrific fun: eye-scorching, ear-battering, heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle.
0.8 It's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter, but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season, the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang, and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers.
0.8 It's wonderful. Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be.
0.7 The film's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice, the responsibilities of power, friendship, hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history.
0.8 It's a great sense of hope and affection that you're left with in the end, regardless of J.K. Rowling's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D, it adds very little
1.0 Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart, slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters (and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows).
0.8 With shifting loyalties, unlikely heroes, truths revealed and a little help from friends, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion.
0.9 Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding.
0.9 A triumphant, spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards.
0.8 Harry is, and always was, The Boy Who Lived, and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title, and realising that the burden of life is carried by all.
0.8 In the end the thing works like, well, magic...
0.9 An abbreviated, yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet.
0.95 To say they've saved the best for last would be an understatement. It's a finale that's truly magical in every way, and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet.
0.8 Deathly Hallows Part 2 isn't just a proper sendoff, but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place.
1.0 A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages!
0.875 While "Deathly Hallows: Part 2" offers long-promised answers, it also dares to pose some eternal questions, and it'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed.
0.8 Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick, even if it can't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings.
0.8 Set pieces so spectacular you'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days
0.8 Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment's latter two acts is more pathos, exhilaration, and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film, ten-year saga. Potter has certainly saved the best for last.
0.8 Love, loss, courage, hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga.
0.8 It's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture, yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers, here you feel totally invested in the protagonists' plight.
0.8 A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats. Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet, bespectacled, corduroy-wearing hero for the ages.
0.8 All too soon, in the words of the tagline, 'It All Ends'. Spectacularly. Emotionally. And Wanderfully.
0.8 Of course, if the films haven't won you over by this point, this one is unlikely to make you a convert, but for the millions of fans who've grown up with Potter, it's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition.
0.8 It's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet.
0.8 Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter, director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang. Finales don't come much grander than this.
0.8 This is such an entertaining, beguiling, charming and exciting picture. It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one, 10 years ago.
0.8 The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort. It could easily have been a letdown. But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying. It's thrilling.
0.8 You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it, but that won't be a problem for most people who see this film.
1.0 Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
0.75 A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
0.9 Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
0.8 Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
1.0 Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience. Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
1.0 ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
0.875 Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
0.9 Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not just because it's emotionally rich, but because it doesn't treat the MMA sport like a joke.
0.9 Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't want either fighter to lose.
0.75 One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
0.6 In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not wanted on this two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
0.75 Not far removed from its true-to-life counterpart 'The Fighter,' 'Warrior' is about two men who decide to enter a mixed martial arts competition for two very different reasons.
0.9 A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
0.4 This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
0.5 Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore.
0.9 Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
0.9 Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never submitting to life's beat downs.
0.7 Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
0.4 Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
0.8 The film's great achievement is not in the way it manages to drop us suitably wimpy audience members right into a good ol' fashioned no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
0.8 A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
0.625 Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
0.6 Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
0.875 easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
0.75 Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing. Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
0.75 Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering. Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
0.6 Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
0.4 Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
0.7 Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
0.8 Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
0.6 Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
0.6 Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton makes an implausible character believeable.
0.8 Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
0.8 A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
0.6 This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
0.6 The point here is not the triumph of some hypothetical good guy; the point is the beating out of brains
0.3 a hodge-podge of inspirational sports movie cliches mashed with pseudo-intellectual bullpucky trying to rise above its stand as a blatant advertisement for mixed martial arts
0.8 They call them "male weepies" for a reason and yes, dude, I cried.
0.6 Somehow, among the cliches and familiar story lines, the actors rise above the muck and make a movie that's entertaining to watch.
0.6 Only one thing actually needs to work, and it does... the important part is that when it gently treads on your heartstrings after all the pieces are in place, you get sniffly.
0.6 A tougher, meaner animal than close cousin The Fighter, with Hardy, Edgerton and Nolte at their pugnacious, heart-wrenching best.
0.9 The best movie I have seen this year. Hardy, Edgerton and especially Nolte are outstanding!
0.9 Nolte, his face weathered from life (has it really been 35 years since he played young Tom Jordache on "Rich Man, Poor Man?") would easily make my short list when Oscar nominations come around.
0.875 If you pass on seeing Warrior simply because you don't like MMA, you're denying yourself the chance to see a solid, well-made, emotionally gripping movie.
0.8 'Warrior' makes you cheer, sweat, laugh and in a completely shocking twist, cry just a little bit.
0.4 ...slow, predictable, woodenly acted, and utterly preposterous.
0.625 I had problems with The Fighter, but on balance, I have more with Warrior, which does a nice job of mostly subverting the inevitable genre cliches but has trouble coming up with anything new to fill the void.
0.9 Warrior is an epic, beautiful film, a must see!
0.875 The MMA bouts in "Warrior" are undeniably thrilling, but it's the cages that Paddy and his sons have built for themselves that contain the most drama.
0.8 enough ancillary surprises, and clever spins on classic tropes, to add a piquant sense of discovery, as well as some genuinely gripping suspense
0.8 Fantastic family drama features intense martial-arts fights.
0.75 Warrior is a weirdly affecting hybrid, a 100-proof melodrama that's two-thirds Sylvester Stallone and one-third Eugene O'Neill. Think Rocky's Long Day's Journey into Night.
0.8 A film that's a powerhouse for all the old-school reasons: a tremendous cast, identifiable characters you care about and a story that both excites and moves.
0.75 There are extraordinary degrees of emotion and intelligence to be found in every word spoken by Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
0.9 I cried three times! While a bit manipulative, I found myself emotionally invested in every character to the point where I could almost feel the punches!
0.7 Soap opera plot aside, ultimate fighting fans will eat this one up. As for the rest of us, it depends.
0.8 Exceedingly far-fetched but undeniably rousing.
0.8 Warrior might be a fairly conventional fight movie in many respects, but it's a damned fine one that more than holds its own against the challengers in its weight class.
0.375 ... for all of its supposed realism and reflection of hard times in America, the movie plays out as complete fairy-tale nonsense. It isn't a working-class success story -- it's a working-class fantasy world.
0.75 Director Gavin O'Connor comes out swinging in this flawed but fiercely moving family drama...Strong stuff.
0.75 While "Warrior" does offer enough jaw-snapping action to sate any 'roid-ragers in the audience, it works on deeper levels as well.
0.5 O'Connor treats the brothers' stories like two separate movies, but both are cliched, and we don't learn enough about the rules of mixed martial arts to be drawn into the many, many bouts we see.
0.5 Nolte's performance is masterful, marshalling together pain and regret and a slowly dawning comprehension in a single wince. But all this film has going for it besides him are its incredibly brutal fight scenes.
0.375 A cheap exploitation picture wrapped in miles and miles of stale would-be Oscar scenes...
0.875 "Warrior" could have used a bit more guts. But it's still a knockout.
0.6 This fictional drama about two men struggling with the anger planted in them by their abusive father has moments of power that push through a fake-out script.
0.875 Even Susan Lucci is rolling her eyes at these soap opera twists and turns, but Warrior is pretty good.
0.8 Three great actors and a smart script -- combined with the rah-rah sports movie we all know and love.
0.5 It's just a shame that, when the punching and kicking really gets started during the film's final third, the 140-minute tale goes flabby due to an uncomfortable mix of sincere populist enthusiasm and artistic ambition.
0.625 These are characters painted in such broad strokes that, while the sense of their journey is there, the feeling behind it winds up lacking.
0.75 Yes, the coincidences are fast and furious, but both Edgerton and Hardy give powerful performances as damaged men.
0.6 Warrior resists many opportunities to seal an easy resolution, and for this you remain with it until the final punch.
0.5 Hits things so hard, both literally and metaphorically, that it's hard not to feel pummeled yourself by the time it's over.
0.8 A skillfully made film complete with strong performances and a surprisingly gripping emotional core and it is those elements that help keep it humming along even when it threatens to collapse under the weight of its occasionally hokey plotting.
0.7 The plot is Shakespeare meets Balboa.
0.5 Choppy editing makes a hash out of the fight scenes, and, by the end, a Neanderthal sensibility asserts itself: A brotherly beating makes the heart grow fonder.
0.7 moving in a blatant sort of way
1.0 The set-up sounds gallingly crude and derivative, yet "Warrior" turns it into a one-two punch of gripping action and powerful drama.
0.75 The two leads, Edgerton and Hardy, pull off their respective roles - rising above the cliches and the melodrama - with ferocity and focus.
0.9 Yes, this is a mixed martial arts movie. It's also one of the most heart-wrenching and deeply felt films of the year.
0.625 All the director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor does is apply old boxing-film tricks to what is, for the movies, a new sport. Then he doubles them.
0.8 It is appropriately blunt, powerful and relentless, a study of male bodies in sweaty motion and masculine emotions in teary turmoil.
0.625 Every time you start resisting, somehow the film makes the sale, again.
0.875 One of the most emotionally involving sports movies ever ... surely as moving a film as possible to make about people beating the stuffing out of each other.
0.875 The scariest man in movies right now might be Tom Hardy. He somehow makes his sinews seethe.
0.75 "Soul of a lion." I jotted that down. For with "Warrior," it seems to apply.
0.75 This is a rare fight movie in which we don't want to see either fighter lose.
0.875 Lovers of the sport and macho men in general be warned: Warrior is so beautifully constructed and emotionally engaging, the tears are almost certain to fall. Bring a hankie and/or a very discreet companion.
0.5 Drawn-out and threadbare, its occasional moments of authentic family drama failing to carry the weight of the 140-minute running time.
0.8 The film takes off into the stratosphere, perfectly balancing concise editing, strategic momentum and masterfully performed fight dances while never letting the audience forget why this is happening and where we are in the competition.
0.81 The coincidences and melodrama are piled on as thick as Tom Hardy's neck muscles, but, thankfully, the movie, and even Hardy himself, shoulders it.
0.8 Hardy is as good an actor as there is working today; his intensity here is amazing. Nolte hasn't been this good in a long time. And Edgerton holds his own with both.
0.625 Alas, although the acting's uniformly strong, and the film has kitchen-sink grit to spare, it errs more on the side of 1995's Rocky IV than John Avildsen's '76 original...
0.6 Works like gangbusters -- tears will be stifled by the end of the sibling vs. sibling finale -- and most of the credit should go to Hardy, Nolte and Edgerton.
0.75 Skillfully made and adrenalin-fueled, Warrior is nothing like what I expected. It overcomes inescapable boxing and martial arts cliches and leaves you thoroughly sated, energized and wanting more.
0.8 A double-barreled Rocky for the mixed martial arts generations, the practically epic fight film Warrior is one of the most exhilarating surprises of this summer movie season.
0.9 With great intensity, Warrior is a pleasant surprise, capturing the heart and spirit of a champion.
1.0 The way it cobbles together the multiple storylines and relationships makes Warrior a more emotionally satisfying film than The Fighter. Lionsgate may want to get the train going on an Oscar campaign for Nolte.
0.7 Even if Warrior could have or should have shaped up into something bigger, it's impossible not to recommend.
0.75 There have been so many fight movies to come out of Hollywood that you wouldn't think there was room for another, but turns out there is.
1.0 The final third of the film, which covers the Sparta tournament in great detail, is a breathless triumph; a genuinely adrenaline pumping crescendo.
0.25 An immature, contrived, sap-infested drama of feuding family members, feel-good histrionics and mixed martial arts.
0.75 With Miracle and now Warrior, Gavin O'Conner can lay claim to being the finest sports-drama director working today.
0.875 Ultimately, this movie is more about the dark, bloody conflicts within the human heart than it is about what transpires in the cage.
0.9 A brilliantly executed film that succeeds both as a family drama and one of the most exciting sports films you're likely to see this year.
1.0 WARRIOR made me want to get on my feet and cheer. Move over BRIAN'S SONG- this is going to become a "guy cry" classic.
0.8 Boys working out their issues with their fists and feet isn't a particularly original metaphor, but Warrior makes some unexpected choices that allow the film to punch above its weight.
1.0 It hardly rewrites the rulebook, but Warrior is a powerful, moving and brilliant sports-pic-cum-family drama. Like The Fighter, but with kicking.
0.8 Warrior sets its sights on something much deeper than fighting.
1.0 As so many films get lost in the Friday shuffle of new releases, it seems easier for a quality, smaller film to miss its audience. Don't lose Warrior. It's one of the best films of 2011.
0.38 'What makes Honeybee so bad is its inability to get past the cliches and say something interesting.'
0.5 The movie is visually impressive, but Ishii's virtuoso style can't overcome the flatness of the comic-book story he's telling.
0.5 The funky title of this Japanese yakuza bloodletting is, alas, better than the film itself.
0.7 Both exceptionally satisfying and enormously entertaining.
0.2 Makes killing look like high-spirited fun and turns violent death into an occasion for giggles and snickers.
0.4 It's one of those movies that looks like it was a gas to make. To watch, though? Not so much.
0.75 When the cast and their director are really cooking, they conjure a bipolar sense of high school-age emotion -- and use it to fuel outrageous fantasy.
0.8 Spider-Man is an effortless, intelligent entertainment, and a fabulous, fun-filled start to the hugely lucrative franchise.
0.8 Full of swinging action but finding plenty of time to explore the people behind the masks, Spider-Man is a franchise with real legs. At last, a blockbuster that lives up to the hype.
0.9 Captures the high-energy, pulpy effervescence of Marvel when it was young and feisty... whatever imperfections the film picks up along the way, they practically demand to be hand-waved aside.
0.8 It's got all that you'd want from superhero movie and more. A truly enjoyable film.
0.8 Fun movie, but may be too intense for younger kids.
0.8 Spider-Man is funny, poignant and true to form with Tobey Maguire and company fleshing out the famed comic-book characters with aplomb.
0.875 Finally, a fully faithful adaptation to a comic book icon, save for some bumps along the road. It's a fun movie.
0.7 A vibrant piece of pop entertainment that serves as the perfect start to the summer season.
0.8 An adaptation of the Marvel Comics superhero adventures that effectively takes time between exhilarating digital effects to develop character and motivation.
1.0 Colourful, energetic and well-cast, Spider-Man is a good-quality, highly-entertaining action movie.
0.875 Spider-man flows as smoothly from scene to scene, catching the audience in its charming web and setting us up for a sequel which, for once, will be welcome.
0.8 Practically pitch-perfect summer entertainment.
0.875 At its best, it's action packed fantasy, grounded in reality by a talented cast who pack a real emotional wallop. At its worst, it's over the top, and more than a little sappy.
0.75 Director Sam Raimi was right. Tobey Maguire was the right choice for Spider-Man.
0.875 cool
0.6 Will have any 12-year-old trying to perfect that trick of hoisting themselves up between walls using their legs.
1.0 The final sequence . . . will have you leaving the theater feeling both dizzy and giddy, and looking up at the top of the nearest building wishing you could shoot a web at it.
0.5 This is not a good movie, but a mediocre means of passing a few hours. It is a classic example of money and special effects diluting artistic vision and talent.
0.75 Weak visual effects, but the film is at least entertaining otherwise.
0.8 Screenwriter Koepp...successfully adapts his writing style to that of pulp comics, and director Raimi follows suit with the film's colorful and fantastic look.
0.6 For all its faults, Spider-Man is a good film, and you'll probably have a good time watching it.
0.9 Sam Raimi a reussi un tour de force: l'adaptation de bande dessinee la plus fidele a voir le jour au grand ecran.
1.0 Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire bring a hero to cinematic life with a fun, fast, action-packed blockbuster.
1.0 Terrifically entertaining blockbuster that, for once, gets everything right.
1.0 The movie swings, literally, with physical and emotional energy for all of its two hours.
0.75 Very few liberties are taken with the story, and the ones that are (such as Spidey's webbing ability envisioned as a genetic mutation) seem like improvements.
0.7 Thankfully, director Sam Raimi knows a little bit about exposing the cool in something that is irrevocably cheesy.
0.75 It's got appealing performers as the leads.
0.75 Si el siglo XXI necesita de heroes, el Hombre Arana parece haber llegado para quedarse.
0.875 Sam Raimi has created a picture so likable and true to the Marvel comic book that comparisons with the first Superman movie are inevitable.
1.0 Raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen.
0.78 An accomplishment of co-belligerence. That is to say, the unnatural alliance of pyrotechnics and honest emotional catharsis team up to create quality entertainment... Alas, it's an entertainment that is not complete in its uprising.
0.85 A piece of vintage cinematic entertainment with a post-modernist twist
0.8 A wonderful surprise - a superhero action movie almost everyone can enjoy.
0.75 Enthralling, exciting, exhilarating.
0.9 They don't make action-adventure movies better than the often spectacular "Spider-Man," the most exciting film re-creation of a superhero since Christopher Reeve donned a red cape and blue tights in "Superman."
0.6 This is entertaining stuff, and Sam Raimi has spun a good yarn for the summer.
1.0 A review threatens to turn into a session of gushing because the film is that type of experience; watching it, I kept wanting to applaud.
1.0 Someday rational thought will return and I will realize "Spider-Man" does not rank among the milestones of cinema. But someday is not today. Today "Spider-Man" may as well be "Lawrence of Arabia," so delirious has it made this longtime fan.
0.875 a deeply human and often moving character story in addition to a rousing action-adventure fantasy
0.75 While director Sam Raimi's surefooted adaptation doesn't quite reach the upper echelon of superhero flicks, it mostly gets everything right.
0.8 A stylish, exciting, and ingenious thrill-ride.
0.75 ... Raimi delivers a first-rate entertainment for the summer crowd, slick as an extra-large popcorn with butter - and about as substantial - when he has all the ingredients for a truly exhilarating experience with a life beyond the multiplex.
0.9 Cuarenta anos de lectores y fans emergen detras de esta superproduccion y ninguno de ellos queda defraudado. La cinta es desde su estreno, un fenomeno mundial.
0.8 Putting a comic book geek in charge of your Marvel franchise proves to be a very good thing.
0.7 The comic book movie has developed its own cinematic language, Spider-Man possibly blooming into a series worthy of a rack in The Android's Dungeon.
0.3 The action is too repetitive (how many different ways can you swing between buildings). Spider-man just doesn't have enough tricks up his sleeves to sustain a two-hour movie.
0.75 ...one of the most exhilarating (and silly) screen adventures ever to be inspired by the pages of a Marvel comic.
0.75 "Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer, and hopefully, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff. If you're a comic fan, you can't miss it. If you're not, you'll still have a good time."
0.8 Como nao simpatizar com um super-heroi que vai de onibus para o trabalho?
0.9 Raimi gives this unapologetic fluff a mind, a heart and a keen sense of fun.
0.75 Though not perfect, Spiderman is the most satisfying movie from a cartoon that anyone could hope for.
0.8 It has everything you'd really want in a popcorn movie: humor, action, romance, and a really hot redhead!!!
0.7 Fun and nimble.
0.7 Effectively brings to the screen an unforgettable superhero that swings back into contemporary times.
0.7 This is perhaps the most spot-on film adaptation of a comic book superhero yet.
1.0 Parents will thrill to see a childhood hero in a full live-action adventure, while a whole new generation gets their first taste of a hero too cool to ever go out of style.
0.9 Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away.
0.6 The film actually is excellent for the first two thirds.
1.0 Majestic entertainment, brought to life by a creative team that deserves a mountain of accolades for making, at least, the second best comic book adaptation in cinema history.
0.9 A top-notch movie...the epitome of an outstanding summer blockbuster.
0.75 You can tell the movie was made by people who enjoy the source material and have no fear of making it known.
0.875 Was it worth the wait? Absolutely.
0.7 More fun than I was expecting.
0.875 The movie shoots for, and usually achieves a sense of giddy exuberance, but it comes at the cost of suspense.
0.75 A weightless good time from the great Raimi, but it lacks a truly memorable villain to make it truly fly.
0.75 Spider-Man is best described as an origin film, laying the foundation for future sequels.
0.875 Do I smell franchise? Who doesn't?
0.75 Peter Parker pick of a pack of pulp protagonists
1.0 A tightly woven web of fun.
0.5 This captures neither the letter nor the spirit of the Spider-Man of comic book and cartoon fame
0.6 Raimi does know his genre.
0.5 Tobey Maguire is one of the only decent things about the film, and he is hampered by a completely and wholeheartedly adequate script.
0.875 A dazzling show-stopper that...is better than any of the Batman movies ever were.
0.875 ... the most faithful 4-color to film adaptation to date. And yes, it's amazing.
0.75 This is a pure popcorn movie -- the kind of film one can unabashedly enjoy for what it is.
0.78 Despite its many action scenes and should-have-been tense moments, the film packs very little excitement.
0.875 Not only does Spider-Man deliver, but I suspect it might deliver again and again.
1.0 The very best slam-bang, gee-whiz comic-book movie ever made.
0.5 It wasn't a terrible movie. Ah, but what went wrong? The filmmakers did not trust their audience.
0.875 Director Sam Raimi gives Marvel Comics' wall-crawling hero the cinematic treatment he has always deserved.
0.2 Leave this overblown Saturday Morning Cartoon where it belongs ... in the clearance bin at your local comic book store.
0.8 With disarmingly entertaining movies like this, dare I say, who needs big bad superhero movies?
0.9 An exuberance, a celebration, a hoot, a kick and a half.
0.8 A blockbuster with a heart and a brain.
0.75 In this age of soulless, FX-driven action franchises Raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development.
0.875 A movie that both thrills the eye and, in its over-the-top way, touches the heart.
0.65 Fun, but not in the same league as Superman.
0.5 The superhero part of the movie will leave audiences with a flat feeling.
0.75 High-crafted and amusing.
1.0 A model of what films like this should be like.
0.8 A cool comic-book movie with enough thrills for any kid and a haunting emotional depth missing in such predecessors as X-Men or any of the Batman films.
0.75 Raimi's effort is fun, funny, and filled with spectacular effects -- and about as good an imagining of Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's web-slinging classic as one could expect.
0.8 This may not be the best four-color adventure ever lensed, but it's the most affectionate and faithful to its source.
0.75 It's still a comic book, but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul.
0.9 My spider sense says Spider-Man will be a deserving blockbuster hit.
0.8 A whiz-bang, action-packed fantasy with a genuine love story at its core.
0.7 An easy, breezy and pleasantly uncheesy spin through the universe of Marvel Comics' beloved wall-crawling web-head.
1.0 A flat-out fun film.
0.75 Exciting as it is tender and romantic, Raimi's Spider-Man looks like a movie that will please not only the Spider-Man converted but also the viewer who just wanders in.
0.875 The most 'fun' comic-book movie since the first two Superman films.
0.625 Plays like a sensitive 1980s-era John Hughes teen film ... interrupted by really tawdry special effects and hammy appearances by a cartoonish villain played by Willem Dafoe.
0.625 Feels like a bland, watered-down product of a corporate vision, designed primarily to be the safe, sadly responsible start of a summer movie franchise.
1.0 Well-acted, funny and exciting, Spider-Man is on par with the first Batman.
0.75 Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings.
0.875 Raimi's film is actually closer in spirit to a coming-of-age story like "Almost Famous" than to a flashy noisy mess like "Batman and Robin".
0.625 The origin story is well told, and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books. It's in the action scenes that things fall apart.
1.0 Finally an awesome super hereo comic book adaptation worth all your bubblegum money!
0.75 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood's comic-book adaptations.
0.875 This is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect.
0.75 To its credit focuses mainly on the warm-hearted human tale of the innocent superhero in a hard world, rather than on visual dazzle.
0.875 Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs, getting a more mature body, and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units.
0.8 My Spidey sense says that Raimi will finally hit the A-list, Maguire will get some new respect, and this film is gonna make a whole lot of money.
0.7 This fast-paced entertainment is a surprisingly successful mix of spectacle and human-scale drama.
0.8 Raimi and writer David Koepp never lose the lighthearted comic-book sensibility.
0.75 This long-awaited screen adaptation of the Marvel super hero does not disappoint.
0.9 Raimi is one of the best filmmakers out there, especially when it comes to making dark, comic-booky stuff.
0.7 Though [Raimi's] Spider-Man marks time more than it needs to and is no more than sporadically exhilarating, it does enough things right to be a solid comic-book citizen.
0.7 The filmmakers have succeeded in rejuvenating the character while staying faithful to his roots.
0.75 [Raimi's] passion for his source material is evident in every frame of this big, light, endearingly square movie.
0.875 A big-budget fantasy film with exceptional acting and special effects.
0.5 I'll sum up my reaction in a word: Yawn.
0.75 Good show, Spidey: We knew you had it in you.
0.75 It's good fun that engages our heart.
0.75 Webmasterful. That's Tobey Maguire as angsty nerd Peter Parker and his arachnid alter ego Spider-Man.
0.8 A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it.
0.75 A good movie that would be a better one if it were 15 minutes shorter, and a great movie if it were a half-hour shorter.
0.875 That rare thing, an event movie that leaves you feeling chipper, entertained and sated rather than ripped-off.
0.875 Sam Raimi has set the bar unusually high for the rest of the summer film season with this exciting and exhilarating adventure.
0.625 ...with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, I realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time. It's a trifle.
0.75 So is Spider-Man worthy of its massive hype? Not really, but it is a solidly entertaining popcorn flick.
0.75 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it, but "Spider-Man" certainly delivers the goods.
0.75 Raimi does right by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's original creation via an old-fashioned comic book aesthetic.
0.75 Watch Tobey Maguire turn the Big Apple criminals into arachnophobes!
0.75 A strong first act and absolutely, inescapably gorgeous, skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man.
0.9 A wonderful moviegoing experience for people who love the comic and those who have no idea what 'Excelsior!' means.
0.8 If you're looking for an all-around good time at the movies, grab a friend, grab some popcorn...and see this movie!!
0.6 About as good as can be expected for an introductory superhero movie, but it would have been nice if it was better than expected.
1.0 A perfect summer popcorn movie with lots of great effects, enough action, plenty of laughs, lots of romance and a great deal of heart.
0.2 The almost total absence of anything that actually looks like a narrative is one of Left Behind's issues, but it's not, honestly, one of the biggest.
0.6 Mix of apocalyptic book series and the Bible.
0.4 These folks get eternity in heaven, while I'm stuck here watching the Left Behind trilogy. I'm calling my rabbi.
0.4 Atuacoes ridiculas em um filme absurdo.
0.0 Whoa.
0.0 The loosely scripted story is further burdened with clunky dialogue and performances, shoddy continuity, and, well, Kirk Cameron.
0.2 We're asked to buy Kirk Cameron as a hardcore journalist covering an international crisis in the Middle East?
0.125 The only thing "Left Behind" made me want to do was pray that it would soon be over.
0.5 Neither as bad you might fear nor as good as you might hope.
0.6 This picture's b-movie values probably play better on video than in theaters.
0.25 An exceedingly poorly made motion picture.
0.3 For all its intimations of fire and brimstone, the film isn't remotely frightening, and the high-school-level acting doesn't help.
0.66 Solid, unexceptional mix of thrills and human drama.
0.1 Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction.
0.6 The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity.
1.0 You may have seen Middle Earth before. But you haven't been IN Middle Earth.Peter Jackson's 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' has made it possible for you to feel like you're surrounded by the astonishing environment created by J.R.R. Tolkien.
0.75 With the first film pushing three hours, purists will be pleased. Less die-hard audiences will find a lot of meandering set-up - albeit visually gorgeous meandering setup.
0.75 It rambles over hill and dale and mountain and field and forest and marsh and through cavern and catacomb and grotto and pothole...but will please the Tolkien faithful.
1.0 While the new scenes don't add much to the great film, the outstanding wealth of special features makes this one of the must-own Blu-rays of 2013.
0.8 The odd thing about the saying "too much of a good thing" is that it acknowledges the fact that, something, in general, is composed of an overabundance of excellence.
0.7 The Hobbit may not be as memorable as the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but it's a mostly faithful adaptation that sticks to the same tones and themes of the source material.
1.0 It's a journey that any fan of Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" Trilogy should enjoy.
0.5 Peter Jackson's return to Middle Earth feels familiar and unfulfilling.
0.8 If Jackson had focused simply on Bilbo's party and their attempts to get a proper homeland for the dwarves, 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' would have been a leaner, more engaging tale.
0.8 An Unexpected Journey offers an unparalleled visual spectacle
0.625 a drag-down, mildly diverting entertainment
0.8 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey had me with the dulcet melancholy of displaced Dwarves, yearning to be home.
0.8 Slower out of the gates than a three-legged donkey... but it gets better, and fans won't mind this slowburn beginning because, hey, it's Middle Earth.
0.9 ...a jaw-dropping visual carnival courtesy of Peter Jackson and company!
0.5 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a story stretched too thin; dragged out by drudging slowness and obvious padding that its handful of thrilling action sequences can't improve.
0.76 Should more than satisfactorily scratch the itch of those who have waited many long years to see Middle Earth back on screen.
0.9 A marvel of filmmaking wizardry and engrossing adventure storytelling, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey marks another triumph by director Peter Jackson who once again takes J.R. Tolkien's words and brings them to life with skilful, passionate expertise.
0.6 THE Hobbit occupies that same awkward spot in popular cinema as the Twilight movies in terms of balancing good cinema against fan-service.
0.4 There is simply not enough story to justify the inordinate length...the enormous production effort is negated by [the] disastrous decision to shoot at 48 frames per second...This makes the entire enterprise look like the world's most expensive home video.
0.75 A vibrant vision but a long slog.
1.0 Like the sad, bug-eyed Gollum, moviegoers may not have realized how much they missed movies like this onscreen in the past several years.
0.75 The absolute highlight: the return of Andy Serkis, master of motion-capture performance, as the scary, disturbing, pathetic Gollum.
0.9 A wild and visually stunning quest through a fantasy world all done with the noble spirit of courage and goodwill.
0.75 For what it's worth, the first installment of The Hobbit hits all the right notes and delivers what will be expected of it
0.8 All in all I think of it as The Hobbit: A Better Than Expected Journey.
0.8 'The Hobbit' is another ambitious, gorgeous and faithful trip into JRR's writing - and because of this, it won't win any new fans if you had no patience ten years ago. For those who do, you'll definitely want to go there and back again.
0.8 An unexpectedly great start to the prequel to "LOTR"; Peter Jackson strikes again.
0.5 My biggest complaint about this latest adventure in Middle-earth is that it is three hours worth of set-up for the next movie.
0.79 Much as with LotR, the casting is a strength.
0.8 This first chapter of Peter Jackson's new Tolkien trilogy takes us back to the familiar settings and characters, inflating a simple journey into an epic adventure in the process.
0.4 Peter Jackson didn't particularly want to direct The Hobbit, and I didn't particularly want to be bored to tears, but there we both were, fulfilling what could only be described as some sort of cinematic murder-suicide pact.
0.75 Having now seen it twice, I favor the 2D/24p version over the 3D/48p one. But absent the format quibble, Jackson gives us a worthy start to a new trilogy.
0.6 Aqui e ali, ate sentimos o gosto do universo criado por Tolkien, mas para isso temos que devorar quilos e mais quilos da massa fermentada por um padeiro megalomaniaco que perdeu o controle sobre o que levara ao forno.
0.55 Jackson seems to be going through the motions of epic fantasy filmmaking.
0.4 In his desire to tell this story in the most comprehensive manner possible, Jackson seems to have forgotten one of cinema's most pleasurable tricks: the ability to cut to the chase.
0.6 This is a Hobbit cobbled together by an obsession with technological ingenuity at the expense of storytelling.
0.6 Full of stuff... all the way up to a bloated 169-minute running time. But stuff is not exactly the same thing as having a rich and complicated plot.
0.8 Simply, if you're a fan of the way Jackson has delivered Middle-earth to you in the past, then this is more of the same...
0.875 ... there's nothing to hate or fear here (unless you buy the super-chubby size soda). Welcome back, Middle Earth.
0.6 Visually it is sometimes amazing, but it is a large troll step down from the last trilogy.
0.875 Entertaining, but just when a good thing becomes too much of a good thing will vary from viewer to viewer.
0.4 Instead of simply adapting Tolkien's novel, Jackson has opted to use the story as a jumping off point for a convoluted prequel that threatens to do for Middle Earth what George Lucas's Star Wars prequels did for a galaxy far, far away.
0.75 Is the 48fps format a good thing? Not unless the title had been Days of Our Hobbits or As the Shire Turns. My advice, then, would be to see this fairly entertaining movie in 2-D or even regular 3-D and leave the 48fps nonsense by the wayside.
0.5 I prefer my movies to be more entertainment than ordeal.
0.3 'Well, that was the longest video game trailer I have ever seen. No, seriously, are you going to show the real film now?'
0.5 ...almost 3 hours watching this would seem to be beyond torture for a normal adult, despite the exceptional production values which comprise the only reason to see it.
0.8 Not all the scenes are necessary, and a great deal of the movie is set-up, with Jackson reveling in his own return to Middle Earth. But it's an enjoyable experience.
0.875 Happily, despite all the technical details, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is exciting, tantalizing and satisfying.
0.75 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is like 90 minutes of flirting, an hour of foreplay, and no sex. In other words, it's fun, but not entirely satisfying.
0.8 Precisely what an adventure epic should be: huge, long, and lots of fun.
0.8 A few extemporaneous Lord of the Rings elements distract from The Hobbit storyline but Jackson has presented a captivating and exciting return to Middle-earth.
0.75 Despite some minor missteps, watching it feels like welcoming an old friend into your home. He may ramble a bit and slightly overstay his welcome, but hanging out with him reminds you of why you're friends in the first place.
0.875 A promising start.
0.625 To its own narrative detriment, "The Hobbit" works hard to lay the framework for what will follow. Certainly that's one way to set out on a trilogy, but it's surely not the best.
0.5 Nearly three hours, and the story has progressed only slightly. Nothing is short and sweet here, not even the identities. It's always Thorin, son of Theraflu, son of Thong, etc.
0.6 Tolkien tale isn't as great as LOTR, but better for tweens.
0.5 Jackson's risky creative choices have drained Bilbo Baggins' adventure of its magic.
0.75 Tolkein geeks rejoice
0.75 Fantasy fans hungry for a second breakfast of Tolkien-fueled fare can get their fill with this visually sumptuous feast.
0.5 Peter Jackson catches a nasty case of George Lucas-itis with his latest Middle earth saga.
0.5 There's no denying the majesty in Peter Jackson's visuals but he's taken a relatively slim children's book and stretched it beyond the limits.
0.5 ...has nearly as much going for it (Martin Freeman as Bilbo, much untampered-with Tolkien dialogue) as it does against it (that chintzy-looking 48 FPS speed, bloated screenplay).
0.5 Sad to say, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is a pale shadow trying to reach the sun on the strength of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
0.4 In his attempt to produce a definitive, enhanced-strength version of the text, Jackson has stripped away much of the fun, a great deal of the energy and most of the humour.
0.8 What it all comes down to is that if you in any way, shape or form enjoyed the "Lord of the Rings" movies then you must see "The Hobbit." Many happy returns.
0.2 Yet another battle-filled and self-indulgent film by Peter Jackson.
0.9 A minor flaw or two but assuming you don't spend all of your days barefoot like a Hobbit, the movie will knock your socks off.
0.5 The reason it's so hard to immerse yourself in the world of Middle Earth again isn't HOW Peter Jackson filmed "The Hobbit." It's WHAT he filmed.
0.8 A hugely enjoyable set-up for what looks set to be another thrilling trilogy.
0.6 Jackson has delivered plenty more of the big setpieces that fans loved in the trilogy, albeit at the cost of making The Hobbit far more imperial and epic than it needs to be.
0.6 It would be wrong to ignore the technical achievement that Jackson has pulled off yet again. But when said and done, "The Hobbit" feels more like a cinematic encyclopedia of Tolkein's mythical world rather than a trip to the movies.
0.8 THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY is a visual feast with whimsy and charm.
0.625 The repeated iterations of fight, flight and respite here get wearing. Especially perhaps because, with Jackson's fetish for detail, they take more time to watch on screen than to read about.
0.375 "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" has finally arrived, not on wings of gossamer fancy but with a hairy-footed thud.
0.6 Hems and haws with only an occasional cinematic punch, making it a good, but very expected journey.
0.6 While the 48fps reads very much as "American soap opera" in the early scenes, it's quite effective in the rousing, vertigo-laced action sequences. Messy, but worth a look.
0.75 Moments of brilliance and moments of boredom
0.75 Those expecting THE HOBBIT to be on the same level as LORD OF THE RINGS are only setting themselves up for disappointment. But if you just go in expecting a fun adventure, you should be able to enjoy it. Just DON'T see it in the higher frame rate.
0.125 If this were Green Eggs and Ham, the film would stop at approximately the point at which you would not eat them with a fox.
0.75 Gets off to a decent start for this next trilogy, but it's not the epic, genre-redefining event of the one that preceded it.
0.625 The overgenerous running time is somewhat to the film's advantage, but there are warning signs that Jackson might be stretching the tale to its limit.
0.75 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a lot like that beat up car you have sitting in the driveway. It doesn't always accelerate when it should, but once it gets going it's more reliable than anything.
0.75 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey ... is clumsy where Tolkien's book is streamlined -- filling in the gaps where the novel is vague...
0.5 With approximately six more hours to go, it's tough not to shudder at the sheer lengths director Peter Jackson is about to go to stretch this story into paper-thin taffy.
0.75 If The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is any indicator of things to come, this trilogy could be every bit as wondrous and exciting as the one that preceded it.
0.25 If you loved the earlier films, these are moments you will hold on to, but they're very few, and they're not enough.
0.625 Part One of director Peter Jackson's planned film trilogy of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit forces audiences to run an obstacle course before the fun kicks in.
0.6 His first installment of The Hobbit, Tolkien's relatively slim precursor to the sprawling "Rings" saga, is a technically impressive but bloated adventure that makes you feel every one of its 169 minutes.
0.82 It may not be the story the book told in content and tone, but it's the story it had to be... plus 30 minutes.
0.75 Those early scenes in the Shire and the story of the loss of the dwarf kingdom establish character and purpose and give reason to hope and care that, like a talented sports team with a losing record, things can get only better.
0.4 A major disappointment that is about as difficult to swallow as the Denny's meals that are among the avalanche of commercial tie-ins that have accompanied its release.
0.75 The film is frequently gorgeous, technologically adventurous and eventually thrilling.
0.4 Tolkien's inventive, episodic tale of a modest homebody on a dangerous journey has been turned into an overscale and plodding spectacle.
0.8 The final sequence is an inspired little montage, with a Wagnerian flick in its scaly tail, setting up Hobbit 2. I can't wait. And I'm the one who didn't even want to go into Hobbit 1
0.5 Even at their eye-filling best, these sequences generate more spectacle than suspense.
0.6 Once the adventure is finally underway, and Martin Freeman's meek hero starts to come into his own, Jackson digs in and delivers an appropriately epic companion piece to his earlier trilogy.
0.625 By the third time someone hangs by his fingertips over a gaping void, or Gandalf shouts "Run!" so they can flee the latest CGI monstrosity, the Lonely Mountain seems far away indeed.
0.6 Once it gets going, it's actually quite fun.
0.5 This movie is about drawing things out as much as possible to make a snack-size story feel like a meal.
0.5 Seeing The Hobbit is like going to a timeshare presentation. First you have to sit through the boring stuff before you can take advantage of the spectacular benefits.
0.75 Jackson imposes a sense of grandeur but mostly loses Tolkien's sense of fun.
0.5 This is not about a reluctant hero drawing courage from some deep personal well. It's not about dread and danger. It's about visual effects.
0.375 "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is not the worst film of the year, but it may be the most disappointing.
0.8 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey looks like the start of another blockbuster trilogy.
0.7 Watching The Hobbit was an unexpected endurance test. Younger children will not last the pace, but plucky ten year olds with a couple of well timed toilet breaks will lap this up.
0.5 Rather than an epic continuation of Jackson's Middle-earth obsession, the film seems more like the work of a man driving around a multilevel parking garage without being able to find the exit.
0.5 A bloated, dull mess of a film that meanders when it should move and stumbles when it should run.
0.75 Get ready for a more heated debate than any election season. Is Peter Jackson's ambitious, overblown adaptation worth it, or is it a flagrant attempt to create a cash cow out of a children's book? The answer is yes.
0.4 If you're going to a see a nearly three-hour movie based on a fraction of a popular book, make it "Lincoln"
0.75 The film is worthy of both your attention and of the Tolkien legendarium in which Jackson, his actors and his Weta Workshop technical crew are so firmly situated.
0.75 At nearly three hours long, "An Unexpected Journey" has moments when the caravan seems both overstuffed and out of balance, but it's such a scenic trip that only a stubborn homebody could complain.
0.6 It is great to once more be whisked back to Tolkien's extraordinarily vivid world, but Jackson's overstuffed film proves that it is possible to get too much of a good thing.
0.4 To gaze upon the film, like Frodo staring into that prophetic magic orb, is to be shaken by a dark vision of cinema's future.
0.7 A delightfully fun trip back to Middle-earth, even if it fails to justify its overstuffed 160 minute runtime.
0.375 As entertaining as watching the last bits of ketchup drip out of the bottle.
0.625 Bloated...overlong. Even Shakespeare needs editing.
0.6 Features terrific performances, stunning action sequences and some state-of-the-art special effects, but it's also far too long ...
0.8 I'm here to vouch for Jackson, except for the length.
0.75 Though at two hours, 50 minutes it feels overstuffed, the first "Hobbit" film holds its own thanks to inspired acting and some jaw-dropping technical innovations.
0.625 When, in Jackson's film, someone describes a character's "love of gold" as having become "too fierce," you wonder if the warning might apply to "The Hobbit" in other ways.
0.6 Often entertaining, especially for those fans who loved The Lord of the Rings and have been waiting years to see more of Tolkien's Middle-earth onscreen.
0.4 Peter Jackson definitely knows what he's doing. He just didn't do it this time.
0.8 Does An Unexpected Journey do a satisfactory job bringing audiences back to Middle Earth? The answer is 'yes' - if not as resolutely as I may have hoped - and the film is absolutely worth seeing for this quality alone
0.625 [The] elements are in place again, but the story feels less substantial than the Lord of the Rings tales.
0.5 Solid and acceptable instead of soaring and exceptional, [and] unnecessarily hampered in its quest to reach the magical heights of the trilogy.
0.75 "...after seeing The Hobbit I couldn't wait to see it again - projected at 24 frames per second and without 3-D."
0.5 It all just takes so long.
0.7 I feel like the 48 frames per second took off a full half point of enjoyment, yet I proudly reclaim here as I confidently send movie lovers forth to see "The Hobbit" (in 24 frames, please!).
0.95 Regardless of the frames, dimensions, or goggles used to conjure it, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is an incredible ride and a triumphant return to Middle Earth.
0.75 There are people who claim to see no difference between 24 and 48 frame rates, and to them, I'd recommend an unexpected journey to the eye doctor.
0.75 "The Hobbit" becomes what it was originally meant to be - not a cut-from-the-same-cloth prequel, but its own, individual thing.
0.625 [A] dazzling, busy, fundamentally tedious movie ...
0.625 It's a shame to see Peter Jackson treading water when there are so many new cinematic horizons worth exploring.
0.7 I found that it provided a pretty convincingly immersive experience, and I look forward to the technology's evolution/refinement. Which I guess also means I look forward to the next two installments of the trilogy.
0.6 The decision to hit the 12A rating squarely on the head also means that several scenes, particularly those involving Radegast the Brown (Sylvester McCoy) feel added more for their cuteness than content.
0.625 In a bit of irony, Bilbo Baggins says at the end of the movie: "I do believe the worst is behind us." We can only hope so.
0.8 The board is set, the pieces are moving and we're set up nicely for Jackson to tighten the noose with the love of second-act grit he displayed in The Two Towers.
0.6 The more dark it becomes, the more 'The Hobbit' becomes compelling as a story, and finds a fitting tone.
0.75 "The Hobbit" is an impressive first chapter.
0.8 Even though this installment is mostly a prelude, Jackson's eccentric mixture of low humor, earnest foreboding and digitally processed pageantry is consistently engaging and immersive.
0.75 Piles on enough eye candy and action sequences to please fans, plus more humor than the three "Rings" films - even if it only occasionally achieves the trio's grandeur.
0.5 If Peter Jackson couldn't tell this slight story in a single film there's no hope the other two in this prequel series will be any less bloated.
0.8 It's easy to spot the padding in this over-long, character-packed, bladder-testing, 162-minute first instalment. But there's still more than enough here to make it a worthy addition to the Oscar-laden fantasy series.
0.6 It's a promising start...but where it's going to in the two remaining movies is anybody's guess.
0.6 The Hobbit may be a different story to The Lord Of The Rings ... but there is really nothing all that unexpected about this journey.
0.4 While fans of J.R.R. Tolkien's novels and The Lord of the Rings movies will find plenty to enjoy and marvel over, non-believers may find themselves getting bored and bemused by the unnecessarily drawn-out story.
0.7 An Unexpected Journey is a bit ropey, excessive and padded in places, sure, but if that's the worst and the best is yet to come, then this could end up being another great trilogy.
0.6 It's not as good as I hoped, but it's also a lot better than I feared.
0.8 And we're back! Slam bang in Middle-earth as though the Lord of the Rings trilogy never went away, which it didn't.
0.75 An Unexpected Journey is a competent, entertaining effort but it neither enthralls nor amazes in the way its predecessors did.
1.0 ( ... )despite plenty of flaws, this new forerunner to JRR Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings is set to have merit on its own terms. It's the most exciting film of 2012. And it's a technological ground breaker, too...
0.8 The Hobbit plays younger and lighter than Fellowship and its follow-ups, but does right by the faithful and has a strength in Martin Freeman's Bilbo that may yet see this trilogy measure up to the last one. There is treasure here.
1.0 Peter Jackson returns to the Middle Earth he rendered so faithfully in Lord of the Rings, and it's never looked so glorious.
1.0 The real triumph of The Hobbit is that Peter Jackson leaves you wanting more.
0.7 A tighter hand (and one less film in the mix) may have helped this first film somewhat but there's no doubt that the first step taken on our journey with The Hobbit is an enjoyable and visually stunning one.
0.6 Jackson has made The Hobbit with brio and fun, and Martin Freeman is just right as Bilbo Baggins: he plays it with understatement and charm.
0.4 As a lover of cinema, Jackson's film bored me rigid; as a lover of Tolkien, it broke my heart.
0.8 Emotionally rewarding, imaginatively detailed and made with a genuine sense of joy, the first Hobbit chapter succeeds despite its structural and formatting mis-steps.
0.8 Peter Jackson triumphantly returns to Middle Earth with The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. A folksy, beguiling adventure, we get to enjoy the splendor of the story and fantastic settings in a more whimsical experience.
0.7 Grandiose and visually spectacular, although the visual effects overwhelm the narrative.
0.8 An Unexpected Journey has so many pay-offs that most are likely to re-engage with the saga.
0.7 Not as immediately captivating as the LOTR trilogy, but it's still a return trip to Middle Earth that's well worth taking. Martin Freeman makes a perfect Bilbo, and Ian McKellen is superb (as always).
1.0 Peter Jackson's return to swords, sorcery and beards deserving of their own postcodes is fantasy how it ought to be.
0.6 This film is pure excess that's almost definitely motivated by studio greed, but it's light entertainment that will please fans, and Andy Serkis damn-near runs away with the film during his exemplary third-act appearance as Gollum.
0.625 Tolkien's brisk story of intrepid little hobbit Bilbo Baggins is drawn out and diluted by dispensable trimmings better left for DVD extras.
0.6 An Unexpected Journey may as well be The Phantom Menace and God help us all if the next two movies aren't better than this one.
0.79 Peter Jackson's fourth trip to Middle-earth can't quite recapture the greatness, emotional impact or charm of the LOTR films, but there's still much to enjoy about The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
0.7 A fresh, free-spirited form of fantasy, Jackson's latest provides a younger generation with a stepping stone to his later films while serving the adult's who want more.
0.5 Unless your dreams are populated by denizens of Middle Earth, endless footage of them simply talking or walking is a lot less spectacular than Peter Jackson thinks it is.
0.8 For its occasional moments of excess and unhurried pace, An Unexpected Journey is proof that Jackson still has a knack for stories in this world.
0.4 Tolkien could invent names and languages, but he couldn't create a plot at gunpoint.
0.8 This film stands ably on its own, offering up generous piles of large scale fantasy underscored by genuine emotional heft and boundary-pushing visuals.
0.6 The movie itself is a lot of fun. And if you can separate yourself from the visual distraction, you'll find plenty to enjoy.
1.0 Jaw-droppingly insane...a film that makes criticism moot.
0.0 Painfully dull.
0.6 Lots of untittilating nudity
0.625 Of course it's completely ridiculous, but at the same time it has a certain disarming charm.
0.2 Truly forgettable, except for Bo's booty
0.4 To describe the film as inept would be to miss the point, which is to present Mrs. Derek in as many different poses, nude and seminude, as there are days of the year, all in something less than two hours.
0.3 Silliness abounds, so much so that the picture comes off closer to a comedy than the romantic action-adventure it was meant to be.
0.25 This cinematic atrocity truly is one of the all-time worsts.
0.2 not even funny as modern irony
0.4 Nice to look at, but dear Lord...
0.0 about as erotic as a Shirley Temple musical
0.7 I don't think anyone would argue that 'Catch Me If You Can' is one of Spielberg's best films. However, it is good enough and passes a pleasant couple of hours.
1.0 Excellent account of FBI's youngest Most Wanted.
0.875 This amiably light-footed chase gets the job done.
1.0 The movie is a good time. It not only produces happiness, it is happy.
0.875 a future classic
0.5 Has Steven Spielberg lost it?
0.75 ...the film would've been vastly improved had it been trimmed down to 90 minutes.
0.875 The stylish, cartoon-like opening credits reminded me of the snazzy beginnings of the Peter Sellers-Pink Panther movies.
1.0 One of Spielberg's finest pieces of storytelling. Helps make up for A.I.
0.875 In a holiday season characterized by heavy cinematic fare, Stephen Spielberg has concocted a frothy trifle.
0.6 Is this a light-hearted romp? Is this a psychological drama? Is it a thriller? Can it be all three? Not quite, Sort of. Uh Uh. And dear lord no.
0.8 What could have been a great film is merely a good one, by way of forsaking the gritty details for directorial sleight of hand.
1.0 This is a delectable film indeed.
0.8 Gracas as interacoes entre seus personagens, o filme torna-se nao apenas uma historia divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguicao, mas tambem um belo estudo de personagens.
0.6 After the bigger questions of AI and Minority Report, Spielberg is back having fun.
1.0 Spielberg's candy-colored tale of cons in the swingin' past is a blast of fun with a surprising amount of heart.
1.0 This movie got me grinning. There's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something.
0.8 Regardless of the outrageous elements of the plot, the talented people involved with this film made it into an enjoyable one.
0.8 A fitting dessert to Spielberg's preceeding entree and main course of A.I. and Minority Report, and one hell of a ride.
1.0 Spielberg being Spielberg, he's surrounded himself with the best that money can buy, from the superb cast to the characteristically superb score by John Williams, and the result is his most purely enjoyable film in ages.
0.875 'De manufactura impecable, nostalgica y muy entranable, es sin duda uno de los mejores filmes en la carrera de Spielberg.'
0.75 By the end of the film, you'll understand why Tom Hanks needed to play the cop and the steps toward acting maturity Leonardo DiCaprio has already managed to take.
0.6 Spielberg's movie is fine entertainment, but John Williams has lost the sense of adventure in his scores.
0.8 Spielberg rediscovers his sense of fun with this funny, frivolous con caper.
0.875 an entertaining ode to the power of persuasion, something a master filmmaker like Spielberg knows a thing or two about
0.875 Fueled by a wonderful performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, Catch Me If You Can is a lighthearted yet heart-wrenching look at the making of a truly brilliant, if somewhat reluctant, con artist.
1.0 Some may discount "Catch Me If You Can" as frivolous, but I believe it is an expertly-made popcorn film alive with energy, style, momentum and heart. It maintains a gripping balance between comedy and drama
0.7 While less Oscar, and more MTV, for Steven Spielberg, Catch Me if You Can is still a delicious serving of comedy, romance and thrills -- I'm sure you'll be begging for more.
0.75 Catch Me if You Can is one of those deceptively slight offerings that manages to reveal more about its maker than the intended masterpieces often do.
0.5 What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes.
0.9 With its extended epilogue, the film feels about a half-hour too long, but the story is so good and there are so many fabulous set pieces that you can't imagine leaving anything out.
0.75 Slick as a salesman and shallow as a kiddie pool, it's more interested in the con than the consequences.
0.75 A picture that's good enough to make you ignore a few flaws.
0.6 Most of the film is an extended chase, with Abagnale always one clever step ahead, and it's tense, good fun, if a tad underdeveloped.
0.7 Catch Me If You Can's shiny wrapping paper of clever counterfeit schemes, pretty girls and fairytale cinematography belies the larger, richer themes that attracted such heavyweight talent to the project.
0.7 Leo was born to play this part. There's something about him that makes me want to smack him when he smiles his big, ingratiating smile.
1.0 Like last year's Ocean's 11, Catch Me If You Can is reminiscent of Golden Age blockbusters: flashy, glitzy and fun.
0.6 The cinematic version of a pastel-colored cocktail diluted with crushed, crackling ice and capped by a petite parasol.
0.75 ...a roller-coaster ride of a movie
0.7 Catch Me if You Can would have been the best example of entertainment as an art form in the past decade if not for Spielberg's daddy issues hijacking the plot.
0.875 Spielberg gives the movie the snappy, glitzy gusto of his early chase films, The Sugarland Express and 1941. It's refreshingly lacking in the heavy nobility he injected into The Color Purple and nearly every film since.
0.7 Spielberg directs a lower profile film than his usual fare, but one that is a pleasure to take in and be taken in.
0.8 Une intrigue fascinante presentee avec legerete et charme.
0.875 This is a movie with just about everything going for it: great acting, solid direction, and a story you won't soon forget.
0.8 Catch Me If You Can is impeccably made, wonderfully performed and enjoyable (if overlong), though it never actually gets a grasp on the brass ring.
0.9 [Spielberg] manages to subtly mark his own evolution within this grandly entertaining movie.
0.8 It's Spielberg with the message turned off, a jaunty two hours and 20 minutes that returns the director to his first love: blissfully pure cinematic fun.
0.875 In director Spielberg's charming and effervescently nostalgic adventure Catch Me If You Can, the nifty chase is definitely on.
0.75 Diving for depths that are not there, ... Spielberg only manages to con himself that they are.
0.6 Though there's certainly nothing wrong with seeing these cinematic titans take a breather and kick back for a change, it still would have been nice to see them break a little sweat.
0.75 The movie is engaging and well acted, though, and the Pink Panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission.
0.8 Catch Me If You Can is premium Spielberg working on cylinders that haven't been fired in years. It's worth a look just for that alone.
0.875 Production designer Jeannine Oppewall and Mr. Spielberg's favorite cinematographer Janusz Kaminski capture a near-flawless palette of period looks from the '50s and '60s.
0.8 It's more amusing than hilarious, more cute than inspired, but there's just too much talent on and off the screen for it to fail.
0.75 Wicked cute but alas super long.
0.95 The most enjoyable and fun film this holiday season!
0.875 While the critical consensus is that Catch Me If You Can is not one of Spielberg's 'major works,' it's also his least flawed and most purely entertaining movie in a decade.
1.0 Movies like this are what make it so fun to go to the cinema.
1.0 Spielberg slips in social commentary between Abagnale's prodigious feats of lawlessness & capitalizes on the glee of watching someone beat the system.
0.81 Does a good job of establishing a time and place, and of telling a fascinating character's story.
1.0 Spielberg doesn't automatically make great movies because he's a great director; he's a great director because he has the ability to make great movies. Catch Me If You Can is one of them.
0.875 Spielberg's breeziest work in years.
0.7 A fun, fluffy, harmless, good-time movie ideal for the X-Mas holidays...
0.2 Spielberg had one more thing to prove as a director, and that was to see how much money a humdrum film could gross with his name attached, along with two big stars collaborating in his droll experiment in tedium.
0.875 Catch Me If You Can is more than a cat-and-mouse chase film. For underlying the feature is a feeling of despair and loss.
0.75 A terrifically engaging film with a plot that would be utterly ludicrous if not based on fact.
1.0 A truly crowd-pleasing picture, with more great scenes than in most TWO movies.
0.625 Offers mild fun but never as much as its animated '60s-retro opening credits portend.
0.6 The whole lighter-than-air lark whizzes by like a brisk, kandy-kolored dream of the 1960s.
0.6 [Spielberg's] frothiest and most fun movie in years.
0.875 The movie's title serves as a fitting recommendation. Catch it if you can.
0.875 Ultimately about fathers and sons -- but it's also about the pleasures of telling a good story, with retro charm to spare.
0.8 Fun, lively and meticulously crafted from start to finish.
0.75 The colorful cinematography, smart performances and brisk tempo suggest a filmmaker subordinating every other impulse to the task of manufacturing pleasure.
0.75 The most free-spirited and pleasingly adult entertainment Steven Spielberg has made in decades.
0.75 It's fun for a while, a lot of fun, but it should have ended while it was ahead.
1.0 The film is easily the most light-hearted movie from Spielberg in more than a decade -- and the season's most entertaining light fare.
0.875 A true-blue delight.
0.75 Fleet-footed and fun, if a mite too long.
0.8 Spielberg knows that he has a great yarn here, and he's not about to let anything -- not even his own virtuoso style, which can elsewhere be effectively glitzy -- get in the way.
0.875 A very adult, very funny, very well-acted daydream that should delight just about anyone who's ever been asked for picture ID.
0.75 A breathless, amusing caper flick anchored by strong performances from Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
0.875 The lightest, most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade. And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him.
1.0 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful, incisive meditation on the way we were, and the way we are.
0.75 DiCaprio gives a radiant, movie-star performance.
1.0 Full of fun and verve, with ample battery power supplied by its handy helmsman.
0.75 The story is a good story, directly told, and such meaning as it has comes from the irony that the only person who completely appreciates Abagnale's accomplishments is the man trying to arrest him.
0.9 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people.
0.9 The most charming of Mr. Spielberg's mature films, because is it so relaxed.
0.75 You won't find a movie that's more fun this season -- but at 2-1/2 hours, it's probably too much of a good thing.
0.875 The marzipan nature of the tale flatters Spielberg's best instincts, and he deftly parries our inclination to regard the tale with a grain of salt in ways that bring out its inherent sweetness.
0.75 The movie feels like the work of a filmmaker who has earned himself a break. Because it's Spielberg, the audience gets to share in the party.
0.5 For all his genre-hopping and shape-shifting Spielberg seems to have become too big to tell small stories, which is one reason why the film sputters on one too many false endings.
0.75 Leonardo DiCaprio is perfectly cast. He oozes a stiff martini blend of larcenous charm and lonely-boy vulnerability.
1.0 A wily cat-and-mouse comedy that's as suspenseful as it is funny.
0.8 Dances across the screen with the effortless grace of Fred Astaire and the sexy provocation of Ginger Rogers.
0.75 A nice, light treat.
0.75 Affirms the gifts of all involved, starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together.
0.75 The film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale's antics.
0.75 Mindful in many ways of Spielberg's very first feature, the good-natured fugitives-on-the run drama The Sugarland Express.
0.75 A breezy, diverting, conventional, well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat.
0.875 Hands-down, the most entertaining of this holiday season's fare.
0.9 The best time Spielberg has provided moviegoers since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
0.75 It's a technically superb film, shining with all the usual Spielberg flair, expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team.
0.75 Never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-called 'comedies' found in multiplexes these days.
0.875 Spielberg becomes a Sinatra with this one, asking us to do nothing more than snap our fingers and come fly with him.
0.7 With its inventive story, eclectic cast, and authentic period feel, Catch Me should fly by but doesn't.
0.8 "Catch Me" feels capable of charming the masses with star power, a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark.
1.0 Fascinatingly, Catch Me If You Can resembles Hitchcock's self-mocking self-awareness - a canny satire of American culture and cinema, and, shockingly, a slyly autobiographical auto-critique.
1.0 This is DiCaprio's best performance in anything ever, and easily the most watchable film of the year.
0.875 One of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while, Leo has great fun in the role.
1.0 Steven Spielberg's best movie in at least a decade.
0.9 Overall the movie is a fun ride and an interesting tale about the life of one of America's greatest con men.
0.7 A slick little chase movie, with two huge stars having a grand time.
0.9 Kick the hobbit and grab hold of Catch Me If You Can as soon as you can.
1.0 Steven Spielberg has always has a fascination with the Peter Pan boy who never grew up; he drops this one into the splashy clothes, cars, and high style of the early 1960s.
0.8 I don't care if the film received a Ron Howard-esque saccharine shellacking, simply because it isn't a by-the-numbers bore.
1.0 Gotcha!
1.0 This rebellious rogue's skewed survival game is a cinematic winner. The astonishing cat-and-mouse chase offers sheer escapist entertainment, emerging as one of by 10 BEST Movies of 2002.
0.7 A great time at the movies and certainly a film well worth catching if you can.
0.875 Spielberg winningly recaptures the capers of a Butch-Cassidy-style rogue whose charm earns him audience smiles.
0.75 The chase is fun, amusing, and hosts a good sense of humor. For the most part, this "True Story" is believable with the inclusion of several Spielbergisms.
0.5 The violence is excessive and the plot predictable, although there is some style to director Winner's approach.
0.7 A compulsively watchable bit of '70s nostalgia, a curious counterpart to Dirty Harry and an icon of New York-brand justice.
0.4 It's a despicable movie, one that raises complex questions in order to offer bigoted, frivolous, oversimplified answers.
0.75 The movie has an eerie kind of fascination, even though its message is scary.
0.6 Solid if morally suspect revenge thriller.
0.6 Somewhat enjoyable right-wing revenge flick.
0.8 Chilling revenge pic that retains every bit of its power to disturb.
0.8 First (and easily the best) dark adventure of vigilante Paul Kersey.
0.75 Even those who disagree with its knee-jerk vigilante ideology have a hard time denying its impact because the film digs deep and works on an almost subconscious level.
0.79 Sumptuously photographed and scored, the movie is an excellent capsule of '70s filmmaking -- thrilling, thought provoking and sending us off with a wink at the end.
0.8 A minor classic that surpasses all expectations.
0.2 The Last Airbender is not just a flop, it's a big-budget flop, and it's a throwback to that grand old genre, the movie that's so bad that it's bad.
0.2 A quite breathtakingly inept hodge-podge of vapid spirituality, playground chopsocky and visual effects that take 3D to an entirely new level: Zero-D.
0.4 Writer/director M Night Shyamalan's once glorious reputation is tarnished further by this tediously juvenile fantasy adventure.
0.25 There's no third-act twist because we never get out of the first act.
0.5 [Shyamalan] works so much better with stories that are slower in development, where the atmosphere and tone drive the film, and where you're never quite sure what's going on (though not in the sense where you're completely confused, like this film).
0.2 This is a kid's movie that doesn't seem to realize that it's a kid's movie.
0.3 Bad acting, overstuffed exposition and running time far too brief for the amount of plot shoved into it reduce The Last Airbender into parody of a big summer film as Shyamalan manages to hit every single fantasy film pothole.
0.4 The Last Airbender is a horrific mish-mash of genres that follows a depressingly large number of dead ends in adapting its source material.
0.4 As far as children's entertainment goes (and it is children's entertainment), it could be a lot worse.
0.3 The film is an unmitigated disaster, a putrid patchwork of the original series stitched together by wretched performances, bad creative decisions and a story that's all exposition, no depth.
0.25 Mere words can barely describe the sheer inanity on display.
0.4 It's a nice movie to look at, as long as you ignore the characters, plot, and action.
0.3 It seems as if a good film could be made out of The Last Airbender's tale. But this is not that film.
0.2 The characters are completely uninvolving, the narrative incomprehensible for the most part, and the performances seem to reflect the bewilderment of the plot.
0.4 Why do the water tribe have so much difficulty defeating their fire opponents when the battle takes place on the ocean?
0.2 Unspeakably bad dialogue delivered by excruciatingly bad actors in a plot so illogical and stupid it kills unicorns.
0.3 Shyamalan tells the story like a syndicated news journalist, reporting events with detached direction and lifeless, plot-driven screenwriting.
0.2 The worst part is undoubtedly the script, which clunks and groans all the way under the weight of it's own exposition - tragically and unforgivably, it fails to tell a good story.
0.4 It is in writer/director Shyamalan's dialogue that the film grinds to a halt. His words have grown increasingly pompous and stilted since his concise, crisp, Oscar-nominated script for The Sixth Sense.
0.2 This empty, misfired epic from M. Night Shyamalan is boring and strengthens the claim that he is the worst director working in mainstream cinema today.
0.2 If sleep is a hard thing to come by, then a dose of M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender is just the cure for you.
0.2 Being a Shyamalan film, the entire cast (which also includes Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel as an exiled Fire Prince) recite their looney-tunes lines as if they have been drugged, then hypnotised, then drugged again.
0.2 $150,000,000 well wasted. The Last Airbender is an insult to those wanting sophisticated, entertaining or even competent cinema.
0.2 How did Shyamalan get it so wrong?
0.2 Some of the worst acting, action and dialogue you'll endure this year.
0.4 The dialogue is tin-eared in the extreme, the 3D is used in a strictly tokenistic fashion and the absolute lack of a sense of irony or humour makes the more solemn scenes all the more laughable.
0.2 After the first five seconds, it seems as if you have been watching it for around two-and-a-half hours, and that this time has passed in four-and-a-half days.
0.2 Please let it be the last Shyamalan.
0.4 [A] slice of self-important nonsense that's actually pretty funny, although probably not in the way Shyamalan planned.
0.2 Airbender's final insult is the unmistakable stench of a sequel that's left to linger in its wake.
0.4 The first part of a planned trilogy, Shyamalan says the sequel will be darker. Just better would be a start.
0.4 Far from the catastrophe the US bewailed, but still disappointingly clunky.
0.2 One is bored and stupefied by what seems like an eternity of vacuous spectacle, cod-Buddhist tosh and clunking dialogue.
0.2 I swiftly became bored with a repetitive and laboured film devoid of drama, tension or real emotion.
0.4 When nothing you believe or believe in is at stake, your plot-receptor mechanisms close down.
0.2 Dung fu.
0.2 A movie that's as thick as the earth, as enraging as fire, and about as watery and windy as a giant cinematic wet fart.
0.4 A dodgy script, ropey performances, atrocious 3D effects and a tendency to take itself too seriously...
0.2 A derivative and lifeless 'heroes journey' tale layered up with Eastern mysticism.
0.5 ...a tremendously disappointing effort from a once rock-solid filmmaker.
0.2 The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan's fall from grace; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film, he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood.
0.2 I can accurately and completely review The Last Airbender by quoting my ten-year-old daughter's own thoughts on the movie: "They messed up everything."
0.1 The story isn't the bad part of The Last Airbender - in fact, it's the best part... The bad part is almost everything else.
0.375 The Last Airbender blatantly sets the stage for a sequel. Unfortunately, this awful film's huge box office receipts may make a sequel reality.
0.25 An Elemental Disaster.
0.1 Sadly, M. Night Shyamalan has not regained what he lost three films ago. His films are truly bad.
0.125 If the 11th-hour addition of 3-D to M. Night Shyamalan's odious live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon's beloved anime-influenced cartoon series doesn't make your head hurt, the excess of narration and intertitles surely will.
0.25 The time has come to admit that he [Shyamalan] got lucky with Sixth Sense and we overrated his talent.
0.5 a vast and largely joyless--at times leaden--epic
0.3 Even with fairly good special effects the movie is boring; let's hope the indicated sequel(s) doesn't see the light of day.
0.4 I need 'Unbreakable' to be M. Night Shyamalan's trilogy. Not this lifeless fantasy.
0.4 Controversial casting aside, could The Last Airbender ever have been a good movie? Not at all; it's a listless, incompetent, boring mess that insults the comprehension of even the youngest child in the audience.
0.125 The Last Shyamalan.
0.0 Irritatingly stupid.
0.375 It's difficult to ascertain whether this poorly executed picture will earn enough to warrant its planned sequels or not even make enough to allow Shyamalan to Super-Size his next fast-food order.
0.125 Gorgeous imagery.Beautifully wrought special effects. Fantasy fun for all ages.I'm talking , of course, about 'The Last Airbender' website.
0.2 The film ends with a set-up for a sequel, which those unfortunate enough to endure this torturous mess can only hope never occurs.
0.125 In a mediocre summer season, we now have the first bonafide stinker -- a supposed fantasy adventure that has all the magic and mystery of a bologna sandwich.
0.3 Sadly, it seems that Shyamalan is channeling George Lucas et al from The Phantom Menace... and said, 'Hey, let's do that with this movie!'
0.021 A boring, nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing, painfully wooden acting, unrelenting dullness, and unimpressive special effects. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again.
0.25 The trunk of my car is filled with busted 3D glasses and broken dreams of summer movie bliss. But that's not as bad as what's in the trunk of a Paramount Pictures bigwig: A bound and gagged Shyamalan, who's about to have $150 million beat from him.
0.25 Stick a fork in M. Night Shyamalan. He's done as a director of consequence after The Last Airbender. Sad.
0.0 Stilted dialogue, wooden acting, glacial pacing, cheesy special effects, tacky-looking sets, ugly costumes, poorly staged and edited action sequences, all shown in murky, cut-rate 3-D.
0.6 Fantasy works best off linear narrative clarity, while many scene transitions whirl like air in the hands of Aang. Yet, Night ignites the separate moments with visual magic worthy of his mythology.
0.2 would be blissfully forgettable if it weren't so blazingly incompetent
0.2 M. Night Shyamalan tries to bend the laws of quality cinema to suit his his shlocky ambitions.
0.0 A dull, boring, poorly acted, limply written and thoroughly unappealing fantasy, featuring bland characters locked in a struggle of no interest.
0.375 With a movie this shockingly bad, however, it's not likely that anyone will be interested in another chapter. So it's better not to even bother seeing this one.
0.875 Shyamalan has taken what could have been a big, flashy, generic Hollywood production and made it wholly his own.
0.2 What a colossal disappointment! Let's hope this truly is the last Airbender.
0.2 All the while, Shyamalan creates an ever-growing sense of 'Who cares where we are; when will this be over?'
0.6 The Last Airbender, for all its Shyamalan-style grandiosity, is completely harmless and inoffensive, and at the very least, Shyamalan appears to be having a little fun here.
0.2 Fans of the beautifully crafted TV show will be bitterly disappointed by this film version of the story.
0.5 The puzzle of Shyamalan's racial casting soon becomes secondary to a much more pressing concern -- trying to follow the cluttered story.
0.0 It's rare to see a film so choppily edited, poorly scripted and spastically directed that you can barely understand what you're watching.
0.375 The title has the ring of prophecy. Although the film frustrates viewers with a cliffhanger ending, it's hard to believe a second 'Airbender' will materialize out of what is likely to be the indifferent reception to this wan hand-me-down.
0.4 A franchise needs more than cute creatures to survive.
0.4 Boring -- but age-appropriate for young fans of the TV show.
0.75 Using the backbone of the Nickelodeon series, Shyamalan succeeds in developing a story with a deep mythology -- something he failed to do with Lady in the Water.
0.1 Everything about this film is so mind-bogglingly stupid, I barely know where to begin!
0.5 Can we please just stop with the 3D conversions? Shymalan delivers visually amazing action sequences but the film suffers from terrible dialogue and horrible acting.
0.3 There are long expository speeches, which the young, inexperienced actors recite by rote, and the entire concept is filled with incoherent inconsistency.
0.3 Tedious, overstuffed, visually flat ... emotionally inert, filled with painfully expository dialogue and mostly poorly acted, it's simply an all-around misfire.
0.15 Paraphrasing a quote from another Shyamalan star, Haley Joel Osment, it seems like "there's dead actors walking around like regular actors." From The Sixth Sense to no sense?
0.2 The picture is crammed with big-budget CGI -- it seems determined to command our interest through sheer technological will.
0.25 It gets real old real fast.
0.375 Even 3-D technology can't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender.
0.2 If you thought it was bad when writer-director M. Night Shyamalan was channeling Rod Serling, wait till you see him try to be George Lucas.
0.375 As a child puts together pieces of the puzzle that will help him save the world from evildoers in The Last Airbender, I was pondering a bigger mystery: How can this action-packed adventure be so deadly dull?
0.75 The Last Airbender is one of the most visually luscious and exhilarating entertainments I have seen this year, full of giddy fireworks and kinetic pleasure.
0.5 Shyamalan's effects -- matte paintings, miniatures, location exteriors, backlot interiors and digital work -- never coalesce into a seamless whole, and the result is neither fish nor fowl, tactile nor virtual.
0.5 The TV show created an incredibly complex world over three seasons. This picture (the first in a proposed trilogy) tries to accomplish a year's worth of work in two hours. So we get titles and flashbacks, baldly expository dialogue and clumsy narration.
0.375 There's no other way to say this: M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost it.
0.25 The addition of the 3-D is obviously an afterthought, and in most scenes it's pretty bad. Almost as bad as the writing and the acting. Almost.
0.0 The Last Airbender could be The Last M. Night Shyamalan Movie. Yep, it's that bad.
0.25 This is bad filmmaking and bad storytelling. It also sounds what should be the death knell to M. Night Shyamalan's career.
0.4 The camera swoops and the music blares, but we might as well be watching a tolerant, teeth-gritting parent filming his son's karate class demonstration.
0.2 It is so bad that not only could Uwe Boll make a better movie than Shyamalan has done here, he already has.
0.375 In spite of all the running and sometimes flying to and fro, The Last Airbender never feels particularly urgent.
0.25 Nothing short of an incomprehensible fiasco. If one must go see it, avoid the 3-D version like the bubonic plague.
0.25 A new low point in Shyamalan's crumbling career.
0.3 The battles are only slightly more exciting than the exposition, the acting is laughable, and the characters are flat.
0.3 The good news for those eagerly anticipating this live-action, big budget adaptation is that the 3D isn't horrible. The bad news? Just about everything else is.
0.5 Shyamalan compresses a ton of plot exposition in every line and the resulting heavyosity is too much for the younger actors to carry.
0.25 Shyamalan takes the beloved Nickelodeon anime series and turns it into 103 minutes of overproduced, stilted nonsense.
0.3 a staid, interminable miscalculation
0.4 The problems begin with Shyamalan's script, which is an orgy of exposition.
0.625 He hasn't mastered the craft yet, but M. Night Shyamalan may be on to something with this action-movie thing.
0.375 Not since Kyle MacLachlan's whispered voice-overs about the worm and the spice and the worm IS the spice in Dune has a fantasy franchise tripped all over itself trying, simply, to please a fan base while creating a new one.
0.125 M. Night Shyamalan throws his hands up and sells out with The Last Airbender, an adaptation of the Nickelodeon anime series that boasts almost no sign of the director's idiosyncratic imprimatur.
0.7 It's worth putting up with M. Night the writer to enjoy the work of M. Night the director.
0.4 Even in 3D, [it's] one-dimensional.
0.5 The sprawling story is so dramatically compressed there is barely enough oxygen for relationship growth (crucial in Avatar), let alone traces of an interesting director's personality.
0.375 The movie has been criticized for racially inappropriate casting, but that's the least of its problems. The acting is laughable, the effects are phony, the editing is addled and the dialogue is disastrous.
0.2 Who would have thought Shyamalan would come up with a movie that makes his Lady in the Water look positively sensible?
0.25 The Last Airbender is dreadful, an incomprehensible fantasy-action epic that makes the 2007 film The Golden Compass, a similarly botched adaptation of a beloved property from another medium, look like a four-star classic.
0.3 While the special effects are impressive enough, M. Night Shyamalan's film doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.25 This colossal folly, the fiasco of the summer of 2010 - gives us all a ringside seat at the sight of Mr. "I See Dead People's" career gurgling down the drain.
0.125 The Last Airbender is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented.
0.3 Let's just be honest: M. Night Shyamalan is an idiot.
1.0 Inception is the best film of the year and one of the best films of the decade, this is Nolan's masterpiece and it is perfect in every regard.
1.0 A smart and inventive thriller, this drama is one of the year's best movies.
1.0 Nolan has cemented himself among the great filmmakers of our time, not only with this film, but with most of his other works as well.
1.0 Despite its two- and a half-hour length, it flies by and just like a great dream you don't want to wake up from, even after the end credits start, you'll desperately crave five more minutes.
0.6 Ambitious, sure, but ultimately too far-fetched for its own good.
0.8 It's intentionally, thrillingly, disorienting.
0.8 Flaws aside, there's a lot to like about Inception and Nolan keeps his eye on the ball throughout, offering up a lush treat of a thriller with nerve and wit
0.7 Taken at theatrical value, director/writer Christopher Nolan's tale of purposeful memory-travel is a fun and exciting trip into the creative subconscious.
0.875 It is the film by which to measure the density of all others.
0.7 ...there's no denying those special effects. They are spectacular and creative in the extreme.
0.9 The action set pieces are deliriously spectacular; one involving a gravity-impaired Gordon-Levitt in an ever-rotating hallway is wondrous to behold.
0.9 A trippy, complex, thrill-driven action-adventure that demands (and rewards) repeat viewings.
0.6 Un thriller inteligente aunque algo menos complejo de lo que aparenta, que cae en varios excesos narrativos y visuales. Probablemente la pelicula mas ambiciosa de Nolan hasta la fecha.
0.7 I'm somewhat disappointed that Nolan didn't make a different movie, I heartily enjoyed the one he did make.
1.0 Nuevamente Nolan nos sorprende con un ejercicio inteligente y vibrante, con un DiCaprio maduro y un cast perfecto. La cinta del ano para Hollywood.
0.8 Nolan gledateljima prua zabavu za osjetila i intelekt na na&#269;in koji se &#269;ini iznad mogu&#263;nosti najve&#263;eg broja njegovih kolega
1.0 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 A classic-in-waiting that will keep you guessing and thinking while you pick your jaw up off the floor.
1.0 Nolan's script keeps the parallel narrative threads concise, and through gorgeous cinematography by Wally Pfister and sharp editing by Lee Smith.
0.875 Is the movie over-thought? Sometimes, yes. But challenging material is rarely as satisfying as in this blockbuster from one of the dream factory's most gifted artisans.
0.9 A marvelous, highly enjoyable film that continues Nolan's climb toward the very top of the list of the best filmmakers working today.
1.0 Intelligent and imaginative Inception is eye bending and mind bending in equal measures.
1.0 Uma ficcao cientifica que faz jus aos melhores do genero, apresentando-nos a conceitos intrigantes e dedicando-se, entao, a explora-los ate suas consequencias mais extremas.
0.65 Inception, which has been talked up to crazy heights and showcases the best, as well as the most problematic, aspects of Nolan's directorial chops.
0.9 Inception made my brain hurt. And it hurt in the most wonderful way.
0.8 Brain, meet spasm. Inception is the cleverest, most original use of a Blockbuster budget we've seen in years. Shame some of the characters are a bit underdeveloped.
0.9 Christopher Nolan proves himself as both a man of action and ideas, as he delves into the male psyche and enriches the soul in Inception.
0.99 "Hooray!"
0.7 Visually stunning Inception trips on its own cleverness, sacrificing character development in the pursuit of ingenuity. One can forgive its hubris and give it credit for being a thinking man's action movie.
1.0 Nolan has spun an elegantly cerebral story that is primal, compelling, and as visually disconcerting as it is completely captivating
0.8 This is a long film with a lot of fiery explosions, intelligent ideas, sputtering machine guns, and violent car crashes.
0.875 An at-times dizzying Mobius strip of a sci-fi thriller, it's both a tremendously challenging and tremendously rewarding movie, the type that will have audiences talking -- and debating -- long after the credits roll.
1.0 A giant win for audiences and the degree to which filmmakers can respect their intelligence.
0.9 Nolan repousse les limites de son cinema pour nous offrir - une fois de plus - son oeuvre la plus dense et stimulante a ce jour.
0.75 This metaphysical 'Mission: Imposible' is motivated by a challenge as great as that facing its heroes: It's Nolan's attempt to crack the Great Film vault. Mission accomplished? Yes -- and more crucially -- no.
1.0 Inception a dynamic, moving mind-bender.
0.8 For all of its capacity to bewilder and befuddle, Inception still must be endorsed purely on the strength of its ambition, and the awesome heights to which it sometimes soars.
0.7 Nolan is having the time of his life in his own personal playground and, for all its heavy technical and narrative machinery, Inception remains one of his lightest films.
0.8 It is irritating for an hour, being so gloomily lit that you need fog lights, then it opens up into a marvellously inventive, somewhat silly but enjoyable heist movie, with a good cast doing things I doubt even they could explain.
0.9 It's just streets ahead of anything I've seen in a long time.
0.9 One of those films, like Blade Runner or 2001 A Space Odyssey, that will repay many viewings in order to grasp all the intricate details of these multi-layered trips into the dreams and nightmares of the central characters.
0.8 [Nolan] has planted the idea that his film is the most brilliant, original and smart film in years. And everyone thinks they realized this on their own.
0.9 And [Nolan] said, "let there be originality", and there was originality. He called it Inception and audiences and critics alike saw that it was good.
1.0 Even its flaws are brilliant -- and without its flaws and a few evidences of self-mocking humor, I'm not sure I'd like it nearly as well as I do.
0.5 Inception is a diverting gambit, but you might want to check your watch a few times to see when the dreams are going to be over.
0.9 Indeed, Hollywood's obsession with 3D has extended to the storytelling process, and with Inception, it also reminds us that story and characterization still rule in the land of a thousand digital vistas.
0.8 Nolan borrows from classic heist and caper movies to design the clockwork tension but this particular clock is more like Dali's dripping watch.
0.8 Cinematically, this is a keeper, a fireworks grand finale that goes on flashing and booming for two hours and twenty-eight minutes. But, oh, for some genuine heart.
0.89 Once in the dreamspace, Nolan's command of multi-layered storytelling is nothing short of astounding.
1.0 the balance of philosophical ideas and narrative tension are more than enough to keep the film not just engaging, but utterly riveting for its entire duration
1.0 Inception is the exception to a boring summer!
0.8 A well-constructed, narratively audacious blockbuster released at a time when such things are in depressingly short supply.
0.5 A patently-preposterous, endlessly-elliptical mindbender that's worth the investment just to be able to say you sat through it, even if you can't follow all of its meandering machinations. It's that hip!
0.875 Despite the fact that some details of the labyrinthine plot are simply too obscure to comprehend on a first viewing, Nolan sells the emotion -- and the consequences -- visually.
1.0 Cinema is rarely this engaging on so many levels.
0.875 This is the kind of film studios need to green light more often... all orchestrated by the crafting hand of a director who knows what he wants and makes it happen.
0.7 Preposterous, but so ingeniously done that it's an entertaining ride.
1.0 Just like a spinning top, you keep hoping Christopher Nolan's movie will last a little bit longer.
0.9 It's heartening to see that the quirky sensibility Nolan brought to 'Memento' has never left him.
0.875 It's bold. It's exciting. It makes you think. It engages. It impresses. It frustrates. And it does it all a helluva lot better than Shutter Island.
1.0 The first masterpiece of 2010. A perfect blend of performance, story, music and effects.
1.0 A dream within a dream.
0.8 The complexity of the plot works to make the film a must see, but it also ends up frustrating the audience because it all can't be figured out on the first viewing
1.0 I suspect even repeat viewings won't be enough to nail this one down: Like 2001, it's both knotty enough and ambiguous enough to lead to conflicting opinions. Besides, our dreams are open to different interpretations, so why not some of our films as well?
0.875 The ending will leave you debating in that glass half-full, half-empty kind of way. Let's just say, it's a movie that needs to be seen more than once.
0.4 Only someone who never saw (or appreciated) Dark City would be able to call it visionary.
1.0 This is not only the best movie ever made about dreams, it is also one of the best films of 2010, and certainly one of the most entertaining pictures I've seen in a decade.
0.875 It is a fascinating visual feast, The Matrix with heart and soul, a rollercoaster ride into layers of the subconscious mind that challenges our ability to keep up.
0.8 What it is (an action-heavy heist movie with several mind-blowing setpieces) is an entirely pleasant substitute for what it isn't (a psychologically complex investigation into dream logic).
0.9 There are plenty of reasons to like Inception, whether you found it obvious or impenetrable. You'll wish you could dream as lucidly as this, but be grateful here you have Nolan as your tour guide.
0.9 It makes 'The Matrix' look like a Dick & Jane book.
0.875 This is a drama built around ideas and images; it is a cinematic maze that Nolan makes his audience traverse in order to follow, understand and appreciate his world.
0.625 Inception is a nightmare for audiences looking for coherent fiction.
0.988 A groundbreaking, intriguing, exhilarating and brilliant sci-fi thriller that's destined to become a timeless classic. Mark my words: It will be remembered for years to come.
0.84 Who are we to complain when a filmmaker lets his thoughts get the better of him, especially when most summer blockbusters aren't thinking at all.
0.875 The movie is almost hypnotic -- a mind-bending experience laced with palpable tension and fueled with drama. Sweet dreams.
0.8 Inception is an intense, complex story, but it's always coherent, imaginative, and entertaining.
0.625 More time wasting than time bending, Inception is a shoot 'em up masquerading as a thinking person's sci-fi film.
0.75 This sophisticated and uniquely clever cinematic concoction is a refreshing change from the usual lineup of mindless summer fare. The acting and dialogue take a back seat to the mind-blowing action that is...
0.625 Nolan is a very clever fellow, no argument there. He's skilled at juggling big ideas and making us think. Now if he can just make us feel.
0.9 The final half-hour alone is a miracle of clockwork-precise showmanship.
1.0 It's only the latest indication that Christopher Nolan might be the slyest narrative tactician making movies today.
0.75 Pretty good, not bad, but brilliant it surely ain't.
1.0 Inception is a boldly constructed wonder with plenty of -- as one character describes it -- "paradoxical architecture."
0.9 I found myself admiring the movie's stubborn adherence to its own universe and logic.
0.875 Nolan's tale is not only a trip through mental labyrinths but a reminder that memories may cripple us, unless we learn to let them go.
1.0 Inception, the latest in Nolan's long list of awe-inspiring films, proves to be his most ambitious and satisfying project to date.
0.6 The good news is, I'm not going to give away any of the mind-bending twists at the center of Inception. The bad news is, that's because there aren't any.
0.4 Inception is so slow and so confusing that you may actually fall asleep. Or wish you were really dreaming and could wake up and dream another movie.
0.4 Mixes arcane talk about dreams with traditional action sequences resulting in strange and ineffective hybrid.
0.2 Are they handing out joints at the box office for this?
1.0 This is a movie people will go see and then argue about and then, very likely, go see again. It is instantly the must-see film of the summer.
0.8 By turns overpowering, spectacular and truly awe-inspiring. Nolan has just taken it to the next level.
0.875 Inception is that rare film that can be enjoyed on superficial and progressively deeper levels, a feat that uncannily mimics the mind-bending journey its protagonist takes.
1.0 You know how much of a cheat it is when a movie concludes with a character waking up and realizing it was all a dream? Inception goes another way: Its characters wake up from their dreams to figure out what's real.
1.0 The most audacious and multifaceted Hollywood entertainment for grown-ups I've seen in years.
0.625 Wrapped up in the logistics of various dreamscapes and the technical details of dream sharing and inception, the picture all but abandons its most essential thread.
0.4 Inception becomes its own nightmare by trying to be "too" smart.
0.875 The visual effects are outstanding, including a fight scene that rivals any ever put on film.
0.9 Inception is the most astonishing thing you will see all year. It may be one of the most astonishing things you will ever see.
0.9 The first of [Nolan's] films that I would call flat-out fun.
1.0 Does the long-anticipated Christopher Nolan film Inception deliver what we've been hoping for? In a word: Yes.
0.9 t has all of Nolan's strengths, and some of his weaknesses, and it is undeniably his. It is a $160 million action film about loss and regret, and it is exciting in part because of its flaws.
0.75 Inception is often thrilling to watch, but there's something hollow at its center.
0.2 (S)tories should show, not tell, and Nolan keeps telling us that he can't tell this story.
0.8 The first of many major achievements in this memorable and haunting film is to render other people's dreams - not the most interesting of topics normally - absolutely riveting.
1.0 In a decade dominated by the three dreaded Rs of remakes, reimaginings and reboots comes a truly original blockbuster.
1.0 The most intelligent and visually stunning film of the year. Literally mind-bending.
0.875 All it asks of viewers is that they do something rare: engage the intellect.
0.9 A grandiose exploration of the subconscious and a blazing piece of puzzlemaking.
1.0 It's the kind of thing that only comes along once every few decades.
1.0 An intellectualized action flick or an action-packed intellectual film? The answer, of course, is that it's both.
0.75 Like any traditional narrative, it starts at point A and ends at point B. It just goes backward through the alphabet to get there.
0.75 A heist picture at heart, the dream-world-set thriller harkens back to the reality-shifting days of "The Matrix," but edges toward intelligence in all of the places the Wachowski brothers opted for visceral popcorn thrills.
0.5 Rule of thumb: if a movie uses the word "deep" as much as this one does, it probably isn't.
0.875 I absolutely loved every minute of it.
1.0 The ambition on display is so huge, and the filmmaking so intelligent, you'll emerge feeling as if you've just watched an entire season of the greatest sci-fi series never made.
0.9 You have to love a movie that dares people to think big.
0.8 This is a popular entertainment with a knockout punch so intense and unnerving it'll have you worrying if it's safe to close your eyes at night.
1.0 Nolan's film is surely the most ambitious psychological thriller ever, and yet also the most personal. His baroque imagination makes most directors' efforts look like beach-pail sand castles alongside Mad King Ludwig's Neuschwanstein Castle.
0.5 Meanwhile, explanations are offered, buildings collapse on themselves, DiCaprio frets moodily, henchmen fall over and that white van keeps falling off that bridge ... It's all very beautiful, and mostly very empty.
1.0 unlike anything you've seen
0.875 As the dreams build upon each other and Cobb's past creeps through, Nolan has us just where he wants us -- deliriously lost in a world where dreams and reality are indecipherable, and curious enough to stand in line for another showing.
1.0 This is what movies can be like if you try.
0.6 Mr. DiCaprio exercises impressive control in portraying a man on the verge of losing his grip, but Mr. Nolan has not, in the end, given Cobb a rich enough inner life to sustain the performance.
0.875 Inception is the rare blockbuster entry as sophisticated and intelligent as it is exciting and spectacular.
0.8 The fact that it manages to be both unmissable and maddening doesn't kill the immediate buzz, since half the film's thrills consist of simply keeping up with it.
0.875 In this smart sci-fi puzzle box, director Christopher Nolan transports the audience to a dreamscape that begins with the familiar and then takes a radical, imaginative leap.
0.8 Like a dream, Nolan's film fades swiftly in the light -- but while it lasts, it feels like there's nothing more important to decipher.
1.0 Leonardo DiCaprio's new thriller is as good as live action cinema gets...and you're about to have some very deep dreams to prove it.
1.0 This truly remarkable movie represents imagination of the highest order conducted by a true master of the art of motion pictures.
0.5 Without a substantial story to support the whole, the piece is as weightless as the 'Zzzzzz team' itself, floating through the multiple levels of dreams within dreams.
0.8 Even minor roles are filled by sterling talent (including Michael Caine as Cobb's mentor), which is testament to the originality and precision of Christopher Nolan. His is a mind that's definitely worth getting lost in.
0.6 Inception may be the brainiest hokum ever released in a cinematic summer. Imagine Last Year in Marienbad wandering into the orbit of producer Jerry Bruckheimer.
1.0 Inception is one of the most original, thought-provoking, intense, mind-blowing pieces of entertainment I have ever seen. I would pay money to watch people's reactions.
0.8 Emotional intimacy is lacking, with some characters functioning merely as devices to explain an increasingly complicated scenario, but there's no doubt that Nolan knows how to craft an enthralling brainteaser.
1.0 After thinking it'd take "a couple months" to ink, director Christopher Nolan took eight years to painstakingly write the "Inception" script. And you can tell. It's his first pure masterpiece.
0.8 It was a brave move to follow The Dark Knight, one of the biggest hits of all time, with something so incredibly complex, but Nolan can relax -- it's worked like a dream.
1.0 A conceptual coup that, in dealing with the shifting logic and fractured reality of dreams, frees itself from the need to satisfy any conventions, formulae or expectations.
1.0 It's a long movie (2.5 hours) but doesn't feel so, and is the rare would-be blockbuster that demands close attention and would surely reward rewatching.
0.875 With Inception, writer/director Christopher Nolan not only cements his status as Hollywood's most innovative filmmaker, he has created a daring genre: the surrealist heist thriller. Or, maybe he has developed the dream invasion action epic.
0.7 ...part heist caper, part Jungian fugue-state where dreams stack up inside each other like Russian nesting dolls.
0.625 Personally, I got more thrills out of the simple animation of Richard Linklater's Waking Life.
1.0 More filmmakers need to abandon the Ikea guide to making Hollywood movies (Step 73: Keep hammering cliche) and close their eyes for a little nap.
0.9 Whether [DiCaprio] confronts lost love or the dream world crumbles in a glorious symphony of exploding fruit and buildings, Inception is beautiful, high-class chaos.
0.8 It is that rarest of beasts: a slippery, cerebral summer blockbuster that slaloms from illusion to reality and back again and leaves its viewer bewitched, bothered and bewildered.
1.0 It's said that Christopher Nolan spent ten years writing his screenplay for Inception. That must have involved prodigious concentration, like playing blindfold chess while walking a tight-wire.
1.0 The movies have produced one of their rare works of great art, disguised as an action thriller -- a thoughtful and thought-provoking meditation disguised as a con game carried out in a dream ... within a dream ... within a dream.
0.75 It's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions and with nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath no bottom.
0.7 Surely the most intellectually and viscerally engaging action film in years.
0.75 One of the best things about Nolan as a director is that he's not self-conscious. His movies unfold and fold in on themselves without the strain of labor or flash. But that lack of self-consciousness is also Nolan's downside.
0.625 The dream logic of Inception -- which deals, like Nolan's far more intriguing Memento, with the architecture of memory and the nature of reality -- is stymied by a clunking script, crammed with expository exchanges and urgent blather.
1.0 Inspired at times by movie classics, modern and otherwise - 'Dark City' and 'Minority Report,' but also 'Metropolis,' 'Citizen Kane' and the best 007 adventures - it earns its place in the same conversation, a tribute to Nolan's ingenuity.
0.9 A singular film that seeps into your brain so much so that you might leave the theater looking at the world differently.
0.625 Writer/director Christopher Nolan is too obsessed with the mechanics of the gimmick and plot of Inception to make any intellectual leaps off the screen.
0.7 A remarkable achievement in ingenuity and storytelling.
0.5 For a motion picture set within the boundless reaches of the subconscious, Inception is depressingly lacking in imagination.
1.0 Consider this as a form of inception from a film review: see it again, and while you're at it, see it a third time.
1.0 No matter how high your personal expectations for "Inception" may be, the film not only meets but wildly exceeds them.
1.0 One of the most intoxicating, challenging and beautiful movies of the 21st century, deserving of multiple Oscar nominations.
1.0 Inception is the first masterful video game movie (never mind that it isn't based on a video game).
1.0 A masterpiece on a grand scale that is not just an ingenious work of science fiction but may be the best film since Rear Window to play along with your mind's eye on how we view movies altogether.
1.0 Inception is either a great, mind-bending movie or one big swindle. Let's go with the former.
0.6 Christopher Nolan's existential sci-fi heist flick is always riveting, if not always comprehensible.
0.375 Inception is Instruction Manual Cinema, a film that spends so much time explaining the rules of its narrative conceit that it fails to either emotionally engage or, except in a few notable spots, viscerally thrill.
1.0 The simplest way to sum up the greatness of Inception is to identify it as a new classic of science-fiction cinema (and, for that matter, the heist genre).
1.0 Brilliantly directed and superbly conceived, this is a genuinely exciting, intelligent thriller with stunning visuals, gripping action scenes, a brilliantly constructed script and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast.
0.25 None of this prattling drivel adds up to one iota of cogent or convincing logic. You never know who anyone is, what their goals are, who they work for or what they're doing.
1.0 A sublime brain-twister of a movie that plays out so intricately on so many levels simultaneously that a bathroom break comes at your own peril.
1.0 A master stroke from a director in his prime. Inception is leagues above any live action film released in 2010.
0.8 How can it be that a bunch of people sitting around scheming nonsense can prove so compelling? Only David Fincher knows how to take a studio's money and spin it as stylishly as Nolan.
0.75 Inception is an elegant, portentous ride, though I'm not sure Nolan is any closer to visualizing the real (dream) deal than Hitchcock was.
1.0 While the mind-bending story might not be as cerebral as it seems, it completely envelops us
1.0 Watching Inception is like striking a match and setting your brain on fire.
0.875 In this wildly ingenious chess game, grandmaster Nolan plants ideas in our heads that disturb and dazzle. The result is a knockout. But be warned: Inception dreams big.
0.875 At first, Inception left me cold, feeling as if I'd just eavesdropped on somebody's bad acid trip. Now I find I can't get the film out of my mind, which is really the whole point of it, isn't it?
1.0 So now I've watched Inception, had my mind splattered all over the theater just like I knew it would be, and I still don't really know what it's about. That's just how amazing this movie is.
1.0 Can a summer blockbuster with a multi-million dollar budget really be this smart, moving and intellectually thrilling? Pinch yourselves, we could still be dreaming.
0.9 The next step in [Christopher] Nolan's evolution as one of the master filmmakers of our time ... combines the jaw-dropping action of The Dark Knight with the ingenious plotting of Memento.
1.0 You will no doubt need to see Inception more than once to appreciate every nuance of Nolan's carefully balanced ambiguities - but, more importantly, you will also want to.
1.0 Mind-bending and time-twisting, it's the most exciting thrill-ride of the summer.
1.0 The visuals, with their sweeping grey-blue Gotham-like cityscapes and preference for real-life stunts over computer trickery, are jaw-past-yer-knees outstanding.
0.8 A film erupting with ideas, ambition and intelligence, one that credits the viewer with the capacity for some mental heavy lifting.
1.0 It is hugely impressive that, given what was at stake, Nolan has managed to not only pull this out of the bag, but to absolutely nail it. The film is as all-encompassing as the concept of its title: grand, epic, smart and unforgettable.
1.0 With physics-defying, thunderous action, heart-wringing emotion and an astonishing performance from DiCaprio, Nolan delivers another true original: welcome to an undiscovered country.
0.95 Nolan's most personal and daring film, "Inception" contains some of Nolan's most innovative ideas since "Memento." It's also his most successful movie in terms of being able to fully realize every nuance of such a rich concept.
1.0 Inception could very well be Nolan's masterpiece.
0.9 Inception doesn't just dream bigger than most movies even dare, but it leaves the audience feeling inspired to do the same.
1.0 I expected a lot,but still walked out hypnotized. Here's a movie that's 3 steps ahead of you, on 4 different levels, at 5 blinding speeds. Best of 2010 thus far. (No Spoilers)
1.0 A wildly entertaining and dazzling mind-trip not to be missed. Kubrick would have been proud.
1.0 Inception is a masterpiece. Making a huge film with big ambitions, Christopher Nolan never missteps and manages to create a movie that, at times, feels like a miracle.
0.625 Resting firmly on this relentless pacing, Vengeance becomes obsessed with the lasting effect of vengeance on the traditional machinations of plot and character.
0.75 Few directors make ac tion movies with the pizazz of Hong Kong's Johnnie To...
0.8 Both newcomers to Mr. To and longtime admirers should be prepared for a master class in directing.
0.8 You need to be one helluva director to pull off using kids' stickers as a climactic plot point; this auteur makes it look like child's play.
0.75 Veteran Hong Kong filmmaker To mixes the grand gestures of John Woo with the tactics of Christopher Nolan's Memento; the result ranges from the silly to the sublime.
0.875 A formula thriller done as an elegant genre exercise.
0.5 ...the movie doesn't entirely go off the rails until the first major shoot-out rolls around...
0.5 If indeed there is anything surprising about this cliche-packed genre fare, it's the degree to which To and his screenwriter Wai Ka-Fai are prepared to indulge their flair for the ludicrous.
0.6 Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
1.0 As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
0.8 The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
0.6 Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
0.7 I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
0.75 This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date. If he only had as much faith in his audience.
0.5 It's really kind of ironic. The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock. Once he's learned better, we don't get enough time with him because the author's decided it was time to go. Oh, well.
0.75 It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
0.9 If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
0.8 An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball. Highly recommended.
1.0 The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear. He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
0.875 Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
0.9 An awesome movie.
0.625 Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not fulfill its promise.
0.6 Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago. Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas extremidades que deixam muito a desejar.
0.875 One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
0.875 Cast Away isn't the first to recognize our modern need for primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished. It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
0.5 There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
0.6 Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
1.0 If I didn't know any better I'd say that this film was written in order for Tom Hanks to win yet another Academy Award. Yikes! He may pull it off.
0.6 Thank God there's no Friday.
0.75 I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
0.6 Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year. He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
0.7 ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball. And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
0.8 For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball. A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
0.875 A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
0.75 All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
0.75 Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
1.0 Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
0.75 it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
0.5 ...an odd and unbalanced undertaking that pays distinctive attention to the appropriate elements but then draws back at all the wrong moments...
0.8 Cast Away is a significant achievement of this, or any other, year.
1.0 This is one of those love it or hate its...I completely loved it. Even its unorthodox ending...I find Hanks mesmerizingly talented.
0.75 Hanks' sympathetic performance and Broyles's detailed script are above average and not a bad way to spend a few hours during the holidays.
0.75 This is a good film; if it had stuck to its guns, it could have become a cinema classic.
0.8 I felt like the real ending had been Cast Away.
0.84 ... fascinating, moving, full of meaning and well worth investing 143 minutes of your life.
0.8 Thoroughly absorbing.
0.5 While Hanks' performance is masterful in this tale of survival, the movie runs out of steam, and direction, at the end.
0.75 Cast Away amounts to little more than an unprecedented showcase for its star.
0.875 A moving and artful odyssey, a reminder that no matter how much we try to beat the clock, time will grind ever forward.
0.25 Zemeckis is a capable director, so despite the misguided concept, the movie is anything but inept.
0.5 As a FedEx troubleshooter who survives a plane crash, Hanks performs a bravura solo spin.
0.75 Tom Hanks does a superb job of carrying Cast Away all by himself for about two-thirds of its running time, but isn't much helped by additional characters in the opening and closing sequences.
1.0 First-rate.
0.8 At its best, Cast Away, like Titanic, awes us with its sheer oceanic sweep and its cosmic apprehension of human insignificance.
0.7 Add in Chuck's deteriorating hold on sanity -- evinced by the inspired conceit of his relationship with a volleyball on which he's drawn a face -- and you have a long middle section of bravura filmmaking.
0.9 You will not be bored for a second.
1.0 Is nothing less than the best movie of the year.
0.9 An unforgettable film.
0.8 Cast Away's finest moments consist of Hanks alone with his surroundings.
0.8 Director Robert Zemeckis and screenwriter William Broyles Jr. do a great job of keeping the cut-and-dried formula from, well, getting too cut and dried.
0.84 Hanks turns in an Oscar-worthy performance yet again.
0.6 A handsomely made, instructive but finally tedious blow-by-blow training film on island survival that it throws the entire venture out of balance, capsizing the enterprise and making it difficult to keep any kind of message afloat.
0.9 A model of restrained storytelling that's studded with a series of pure emotional peaks.
0.625 Pulls the audience in with sure-footed storytelling and a commendable performance by Hanks in a very demanding role.
1.0 A film brimming over-the-top with realism and features one of our most treasured (and likable) actors, Tom Hanks, in an incredible, virtually silent performance as a survivor.
0.8 One thing is bound to come out of Cast Away -- a deserved best actor nomination for Hanks.
1.0 Has all the hallmarks of a great motion picture: well-developed characters, solid drama, non-traditional adventure, and an intelligent script.
0.9 Unusual and remarkable.
0.5 It was the tail of the tale, the last 25 minutes, that left me marooned.
0.8 Can a movie that spends about 80% of its runtime alone on an island with one man actually not be boring? You bet.
1.0 A gung ho FedEx systems engineer stranded on a deserted island cultivates the spiritual practice of hope and learns to respect the mysteries of the present moment.
1.0 It's not just a movie -- it's an experience.
1.0 A cinematic triumph, a motion picture so rich with honest emotions and ideas that it comes as a relative surprise that this is a big-budget, star vehicle.
0.75 May ultimately underachieve, but the soul that Hanks brings to the role -- and the film -- must not be underrated.
0.875 It just so happens that Cast Away is one of the best films of the year.
0.2 An abysmal would-be comedy that sees the quickly falling star delivering a performance that's as hammy and unfunny as it is dull and embarrassing.
0.375 An overlong disaster...
0.7 Johnny Depp as an updated Baron Munchausen.
0.6 Look past the vicious reviews and the film reveals itself to be squarely in the genial, proudly silly spirit of everything from The Pink Panther to Austin Powers.
0.4 Depp's Charlie Mortdecai, a conglomeration of grunts, bleats, facial tics and a moustache that becomes a subplot by itself, is a hoot, but highly unlikely to join Capt. Jack Sparrow, Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood or Willy Wonka in his hall of fame.
0.2 A tiresome misfire that's mortifying for all concerned...
0.3 A dreadfully flat and unfunny film...It really is painful to watch such a terrific actor as Johnny Depp bland out in such a big way.
0.4 Tiresome caper comedy has big stars, little appeal.
0.3 Aside from a hipster barber here and there, it is hard to imagine who this filmic folly is really aimed at.
0.2 This one's dead on arrival.
0.125 I have no idea for whom this movie was made.
0.54 The leaden story is by-the-numbers stuff.
0.47 What should be a three-minute SNL sketch unfurls into a feature-length snooze.
0.375 There's just never enough ham on the buffet for Johnny Depp these days.
0.8 You may not like it, but it's hardly the worst movie ever made. It isn't even anywhere near the worst movie released this month.
0.2 The jokes are astonishingly unfunny, splitting the cast between those desperate to please, and those looking to slip off with most of their dignity intact.
0.375 Depp's performance is insipid, scraping the bottom of his wardrobe of over-the-top weirdo personae.
0.2 This wilfully terrible film marks a significant juncture in Johnny Depp's peculiar career. It is, to him, as the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand was to the Balkan League.
0.2 Compared to the mustachioed gurning going on here, Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow was a study in bleak Bergmanesque understatement.
0.3 Mortdecai lacks the wit and charm that would've been necessary for this farcical pastiche to work, resulting in another disappointment from Johnny Depp.
0.375 With art-heist caper Mortdecai, Johnny Depp tries his darnedest to start a kooky Austin Powers-like franchise with a side of bumbling Insp. Clouseau. But dash it all if it isn't a crashing bore, old bean.
0.2 [Mortdecai] fails on just about every level, so committed to its ridiculous premise that it doesn't bother to step back and recognize what an unholy mess it is.
0.3 Stale, strained and sadly dismal considering all parties involved, Mortdecai wants to be a globe-trotting roguish romp crossing the globe in a bespoke suit, but it feels more like a brandy-soaked nap in grandad's threadbare housecoat.
0.25 Depp's strenuously unfunny performance turns a frivolous caper comedy into a grim death march to the closing credits.
0.4 Mortdecai is content to stroll casually and unassuredly through its paces, taking long, long intermissions for Depp to whimper and giggle.
0.5 When it gels, it's genial. When it doesn't, it drags. And drags.
0.5 The humour is puerile and idiotic, but you may laugh out loud in spite of yourself -- especially if you're familiar with the Carry On movies or the original Pink Panther.
0.2 What looked funny in small, trailer-sized doses turns into an interminable death march when applied to an almost two-hour run time.
0.125 [An] absolutely bewildering waste of time, talent, energy and money.
0.2 Depp is very much to blame, having put the project together with his Secret Window director David Koepp. No doubt they had a hoot filming it, but watching it is painful.
0.4 "Mortdecai" has loads of problems, but the secret to its semi-tolerability is that it both tries too hard and doesn't try hard enough.
0.125 Only 14-year old boys are this enamored with growing a mustache.
0.375 "Don't be tiresome," Paltrow tells Depp at one point. Or did I forget myself and yell that at the screen myself?
0.4 Resistible.
0.375 A whirlwind of horrible British accents, too much gagging and not enough good gags, and weak dialogue that, while not exactly terrible, is terribly boring.
0.4 A spectacular mess, and the only real shock comes from the number of A-List talent involved on both sides of the camera.
0.4 Shrill, stupid and often sexist, Mortdecai sinks due to an embarrassingly overwrought turn from Johnny Depp.
0.125 Mortdecai is the stuff that inspires stipulations in wills, as in, 'Have some basic decency on the event of my passing, and don't let people bring up that one movie.'
0.5 Never amounts to anything more than a watchable mess, an inside Anglo-joke that most of us aren't in on.
0.4 Johnny Depp is in danger of being upstaged by his own moustache in this knockabout crime caper.
0.4 Mortdecai is reminiscent of some of the wildly misfiring comedies that Peter Sellers used to make in the 1960s and 1970s - the worst of the Pink Panther films, or the star-studded fiascoes such as the 1967 Casino Royale.
0.2 Johnny Depp affects an accent that's so exaggeratedly British he sounds like a one-man Pimm's advertisement as Mortdecai, a dimwit toff art dealer with a taste for port and a moustache that would get him laughed out of Shoreditch.
0.4 The poster is awful. The premise is awful. To be frank, quite a lot about it is awful ...
0.125 "Mortdecai" is mortdifying, a mortdal sin of a movie that's headed for the cinematic mortduary.
0.2 It is not enough to fall about and do funny voices. You need a script with actual wit and verifiable verve.
0.0 Johnny Depp has done so much for us. Let us now return the favor and pretend "Mortdecai," a disastrously misjudged career low, never existed.
0.3 Despite a superior cast and terrific-looking production values, this mystery romp is a misfire on every level.
0.4 Though the books are brilliant, Depp's attempt to make his own Terry-Thomas movie feels tired and more than a little tortured.
0.6 Mortdecai works as a low-stakes comic mystery that is refreshingly aimed squarely at adult moviegoers.
0.2 Depp massively overplays it in this embarrassing and shockingly unfunny self-produced farce.
0.4 It's hard to escape the suspicion that the only people sure to enjoy 'Mortdecai' are Depp, Paltrow, Tim Burton and Madonna.
0.2 It's hard to think of a way in which the experience of watching the new Johnny Depp film could be any worse, unless you returned home afterwards to discover that Depp himself had popped round while you were out and set fire to your house.
0.4 Mortdecai, the film, is neither satire nor spoof, instead getting caught uncomfortably in a place where the butt of the joke is difficult to pinpoint.
0.4 Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
0.62 I never held The Lost World in such high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap. After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
0.6 Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
0.75 This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
0.6 Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
0.2 This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
0.5 Been there, done that. Now there's just more of it.
0.7 The story, it must be said, is no great shakes, although it's not half bad by action-movie standards. But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
0.25 The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
0.8 Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no other goal in mind than to scare and delight the audience.
0.5 Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
0.375 A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
0.75 The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
0.6 Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not worry whether or not it falls short of Jurassic Park.
1.0 The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
0.5 The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
0.3 It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
0.5 Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not enough.
0.75 Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
0.625 This was made to make money and entertain. And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
0.6 It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
0.5 It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
0.6 With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
0.625 Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
0.875 Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
0.8 Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
0.9 Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
0.8 Not as good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
0.75 Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
0.7 The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
0.6 While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
0.625 Steven Spielberg is no stranger to sequels. But The Lost World grinds along as his most mechanical effort.
0.4 This film is a boring, unoriginal and ultimately dreary rehash of Jurassic Park.
0.5 Whereas Steven Spielberg's original Jurassic Park filled viewers with awe over the grandeur of nature, his sequel, The Lost World: Jurassic Park, achieves 134 minutes of tedium.
0.5 Where is the awe? Where is the sense that if dinosaurs really walked the earth, a film about them would be more than a monster movie? Where are the ooohs and ahhhs?
0.25 Spielberg's dinos, manipulated by a small army of puppeteers, are watchable enough. But these artificial critters have little reason to be resurrected in our era, let alone on 3,300 screens over Memorial Day weekend.
0.75 Despite all of the basic improvements going into the production, the perfectly entertaining finished product still somehow manages to fall short of the original film.
0.6 The Lost World certainly has its moments but it's a rather schizophrenic movie that lacks the simplicity of the original.
0.5 The Lost World, while terrifically entertaining, is also structurally out of kilter.
0.8 Any Cassavetes is worthwhile viewing
0.6 More than any other recent film I can think of, Gloria is a movie that depends on the mood you're in when you see it.
0.8 One of Cassavetes' most accessible and involving movies.
0.3 John Cassavetes made some iffy movies during his career, but none is worse than the original Gloria.
0.75 Tough, sweet, and goofy.
0.8 0.6
0.875 We're left to decide which wounds go the deepest, those from Afghanistan or those caused by the confusion and emotional barrages he continues to suffer in America.
0.875 In its closing scenes, "Hell and Back Again" builds to an emotional and stylistic power that we didn't see coming.
0.875 Dennis's film attempts something few documentaries have: to inhabit the psyche of its subject.
0.875 Hell and Back Again offers a potent documentary correlative to the narrative of The Hurt Locker.
0.75 The film suggests that it doesn't really matter whether Harris ever gets back in uniform. He's forever carrying around a piece of unexploded ordnance in his head.
0.875 Lays bare the truth of war - its hellish quality - with such power, you're not likely to look at this, or any other conflict, the same way again.
0.8 A tough but deeply rewarding watch. Search it out.
0.75 The director has no intention of making a prefab antiwar statement. He simply wants to show us an experience, just as it happened, and let the chips fall where they may.
0.8 This pulls no punches.
0.8 Flashbacks, overlapping sound and dynamic editing viscerally convey Harris' state of mind, leaving a bleak picture of the struggle to win the Afghani people's trust.
0.8 As vital as the best war chronicles to come out in recent years, this is one every American ought to see.
0.9 has the artistry of a painting and the impact of a sucker punch.
0.7 Doesn't offer up much information, but carves out a sturdy slice of life portrait
0.8 Just as necessary and cinematic as Restrepo ... brilliantly structures the story of a Marine's homecoming so that the war footage functions like flashback sequences.
0.6 A group of true believers in the American cause in the Afghanistan war and what happens to one of them when he comes home injured.
0.8 The visuals are consistently bleak, but the film's engagement with Harris and the often-harsh world around him is clear-eyed and empathetic.
0.75 Dennis refuses to push a political agenda down viewers' throats. But the message of his film -- a breathlessly paced look at the realities of war -- is clear: War and its aftermath are indeed hell.
0.8 You can feel just how jarring and stressful it must be for a soldier to go from the life-and-death adrenaline rush of war to the maddeningly slow world of rehabilitation and forced inactivity.
0.625 Danfung Dennis's documentary isn't content to merely capture warriors in combat.
0.8 Danfung Dennis appears to set out to make a film on one subject, only to have an entirely new, much more compelling story emerge in the midst of shooting.
0.6 Lauded miniseries doesn't glamorize the old West.
0.9 I don't care if the thing was originally made for cable, theatrical, network, or Quicktime. This is one of the very best films I've seen all year.
0.6 Whilst Dorff is fairly blank in the central role, Monaghan is superb, creating a character whose unlikeliness doesn't detract from her believability.
0.375 Stephen Dorff struggles to rise above the plainness of the film's premise.
0.7 Simmering undercurrents of dread and distrust drive this updated "Bonnie and Clyde" set in the dark inner city.
0.3 Tomorrow You're Gone may be overly confusing from start to finish, but there's no confusion about the fact that it's simply not very good.
0.4 Tomorrow You're Gone looks like it was made after reading the first chapter of Noir for Dummies.
0.6 The movie tries to achieve something we've seen done so much better in the past without the level of writing necessary to make it work.
0.125 Hardboiled noir play-acting doesn't get more sluggish than in this leaden tale that blurs the line between reality and delusion in a way that's less intriguing than simply confusing.
0.4 IMDB lists the title of the film as "Ip Man Zero," an obvious nod to its coming before parts one and two, but unfortunately, it's also an inadvertent comment on what this particular film has to offer.
0.75 Can the most currently popular martial arts series survive without Donnie Yen, the most popular action star in Asia? Absolutely.
0.375 There is nothing in this bubbling soap opera of a plot that can't be solved with drawn-out fight scenes. And so they jump and kick, poke, slap and twirl for half the film.
0.8 An intricate, rather beautiful dance of momentum and force.
0.75 A perfectly entertaining, exciting, and competently made action thriller, [but] it can't help but be somewhat of a letdown.
0.6 Travolta is camp, but the action is cool in true John Woo style.
0.4 too long, too loud, too silly
0.75 Directed with the keen action instincts Woo brought to The Killer, Hard-Boiled and other cult causes from his career in Hong Kong.
0.6 Gangnam Blues does not break much new ground for its genre, but it's very well-made in what is by now a familiar Korean style, emphasising clarity, medium-to-long shots, and symmetrical compositions with actors often directly facing the camera.
0.6 Jimenez has certainly chosen the best mob flicks to emulate, but The Connection works best when charting its own course.
0.8 A very compelling true crime tale. Like the flipside of THE FRENCH CONNECTION.
0.5 A fascinating true-crime story gets a flat, formulaic treatment in The Connection. Where's the jolting, no-holds-barred energy of Popeye Doyle when you need it?
0.5 While we have much to admire here, there is no way around it: Exit 67 is a thumpingly dull, pulp-free meditation on gangsta movies that comes with way too much earnest, self-conscious chatter.
0.4 Too violent to be taken seriously and too serious to be any fun.
0.6 There are a lot of actors you expect to see headlining action films. Sean Penn is not one of them. Yet here he is proving beyond any sensible question that he can roll, run shoot, stab and bleed with the best of them.
0.6 Part of the problem is the script's determination to drag some of Spain's most scenic spots into the action whether or not they suit the mood.
0.6 Really, it's all about engaging in that ancient action movie pleasure of watching a well-trained killer fight for his life and save his woman.
0.6 If you want a thriller about architecture, here is your thing. Gaudi with Guns, they could have called it.
0.5 Ultimately too absurd to take seriously and too serious to enjoy as a popcorn flick. If its target is being surprisingly dull, it's a bullseye.
0.0 An almost astonishing dull and misguided thriller...
0.7 In his latest film, The Gunman, Morel tones down the action in favor of a more thoughtful and mature exploration of violence and its consequences. It also reinforces that Sean Penn still has the best scream/cry in the business.
0.2 Action at its most tedious.
0.375 It's just another tourist salad bar of stale, limp man-on-the-run cliches with chases, hand-to-hand-combat, gunfire, and an hilariously pretentious sequence set during a bullfight.
0.5 It's a gritty, generic 'guy' thing from the get-go.
0.4 An ill fit for Sean Penn on any front - too tight to let his action-hero experimentation breathe and too loose for his geopolitical ire to take hold. In the areas of art and altruism, it plays like something Penn probably loathes: voluntourism.
0.4 A novel by Jean-Patrick Manchette provides the source material, but the only real "auteur" here is Morel, for whom this is very much more of the same.
0.5 ... some decent shootouts and hand-to-hand combat but the writing mostly stinks, allowing for gaping narrative holes and more improv rants by Bardem ... Penn seems less enigmatic than just plain bored.
0.5 It's Rambo tailored to Penn's humanitarian interests.
0.2 The Gunman feels like Sean Penn's belated audition for The Expendables franchise. The audience would have collectively hurled in unison if Penn showed off his shirtless, compact, overly beefy physique one more time.
0.4 By attempting to parachute in weighty geopolitical themes to a successful action formula, the film sinks, leaving little to savour.
0.4 Sean Penn, an actor you can't take your eyes off when he's on screen , is not the problem with The Gunman. Neither is its terrific , if underused , cast. This attempt to turn Penn into a late-blooming action star is just too convoluted.
0.7 I enjoyed this more than I expected I would, mainly because of the cast and because I was pleasantly surprised that the movie was not just a derivative Taken knock-off.
0.4 By the time we get to the laughable climax the film has lost any pulse it had, and "The Gunman" ends up being a major let-down.
0.34 It misleads audiences hoping for a girtty action thriller and ends up being a huge disappointment.
0.4 Those hoping for the next Taken will be disappointed by the slow-burn character piece that is The Gunman.
0.4 Playing an assassin trying to atone for his past sins, Penn (who also gets a screenwriter credit alongside Pete Travis) strains to layer this standard thriller with social conscience.
0.4 This isn't so much a film in which every ageing male fantasist can invest as a film that works as an allegory for the state of Penn's career alone. A specialised taste, I suspect.
0.4 While it's an admirable attempt at a more grown-up type of entertainment, the movie winds up feeling rather leaden.
0.625 A dark European thriller like "The Gunman" usually requires a star who exudes cool detachment, not a firebrand like Sean Penn, who gamely proceeds in spite of the obvious miscasting.
0.3 ...serious overacting by Penn...filled with hackneyed scenes...Winstone's accent so deep subtitles are needed...a nonsensical story.
0.25 The Gunman degenerates into dreary setups for guns and gore. Penn merits more. So do we.
0.3 Sean Penn tries to better Liam Neeson in the middle-aged ass-kicker action film genre, and fails miserably.
0.5 Apparently, if you're a veteran Hollywood actor, you get your AARP card at 50 and your action movie franchise at 55.
0.75 The actors are good and the action is thrilling. And if the film isn't quite as seriously political as I'm guessing Penn told himself it was, it's definitely an offbeat change of pace for us.
0.25 Like a queasy blend of Still Alice and The Bourne Identity.
0.4 The film's real fault is its 'hero', a glum, sour-faced sociopath who it's almost impossible to root for.
0.5 Obviousness prevails.
0.5 The kind of throughly anonymous and undistinguished film that barely would have passed muster as a mid-2000s DTV project top-lining a third-tier TV star.
0.5 It devolves into a mess of worn plot lines. If Morel wanted to give Penn's career new life as a world-weary action hero, he missed his target.
0.4 With this effort, Penn is way off the mark.
0.4 The Gunman is a wild misfire.
0.5 Penn is dour and not the least bit heroic in this movie. He survives the action sequences but neither they nor his participation in them gets the blood pumping.
0.4 Penn's gym-bunny loveliness is the most attractively toned part of the film. Everything else is out of condition.
0.4 Sean Penn has spent a lot of time in the gym lately. We know this because, well, it's hard to ignore when a 54-year-old man grimly grabs every opportunity to shed his shirt.
0.375 The Gunman is a pretty dumb movie in smart package.
0.4 The movie's veiled indictment of multinational corporate interests that generate unrest in Third World nations for their own financial gain also falls somewhat flat, taking a back seat to the shoot-'em-up histrionics.
0.68 While it has its fair share of white-knuckle moments, The Gunman gets bogged down by uneven storytelling and a mostly wasted cast.
0.4 A plot that makes no sense, characters that are barely there, and a denouement that is an insult to everybody's intelligence, all combine to make Penn's action-man debut fire blanks.
0.4 Too portentous to work as an action-hero romp, and far too sweaty and derivative to have any kind of political or satirical kick, the movie misses almost every target at which it aims.
0.5 If the film's intent is to condition the audience into a distaste for violence through boredom, it succeeds.
0.5 This is a stupid movie about a muscular superman beating and shooting the living hell out of all those who would cross him. It's not an apologia for continental destruction.
0.5 Whatever else we might think of Sean Penn's bid for an active middle age via The Gunman, we can't doubt his enthusiasm.
0.4 Imagine The Constant Gardener crunched back and forth through Google Translate in several Bantu languages, then fished out of a swamp with pages missing.
0.6 Director Pierre Morel is the real hero here, supercharging the genre material with touches of brilliance.
0.5 The movie doesn't quite approach a level of irresponsibility, but its all-around lack of responsibility is off-putting.
0.375 The only redeeming feature about The Gunman is its exotic locations.
0.5 Penn and his fellow actors are fine at conversation, but there are more dialogue-driven subplots here than a movie full of bullets and land mines requires.
0.375 Bardem appears almost bored playing second fiddle to Penn's mirthless, unapproachable, irritating assassin. Trinca has so little material to work with that her pleasant demeanor can't hold the screen for the brief time she's been allowed.
0.625 Jim is a former bad guy himself, which lends an extra layer of moral ambiguity to the action; not enough to qualify as profundity, but at least it's something more to think about than the snazzy sports car he manages to pick up while on the run.
0.4 "The Gunman" is a predictable slog through action-movie tropes, and Penn's intensity isn't a good fit.
0.625 A well-executed thriller that leaves us stirred but not shaken.
0.6 There's a grubby, redemptive quality that makes this tough-minded flick feel like the son of "Serpico" and "Salvador."
0.25 "The Gunman" may start as a genre exercise of promising purpose, but it winds up being just a lot of bull.
0.5 It's a tasty cast, but the script does not do its job in crucial areas, letting the audience get way, way out ahead of the reveals.
0.75 It succeeds, partly because the moral climate it presents seems so confused, but mainly because of Penn's particular aura of irascible integrity.
0.3 The result is a relentlessly dour film livened up only by Bardem's shameless scenery-chewing and the occasional jolt of action.
0.5 Penn remains a furiously committed method actor, even in a paycheck role such as this one. But he's not enough to prevent the film from becoming the same-old.
0.3 With Morel at the helm this was never going to be more than a dumb shoot 'em up and...well, dumb it certainly is.
0.5 While Sean Penn lends this thriller some political subtext, the fact remains that it's actually just another vacuous revenge fantasy from Taken director Pierre More...
0.4 Almost everything about The Gunman is by-the-numbers, which is fine, but it doesn't even tell a familiar story particularly well.
0.625 Yes, there are plot holes aplenty, but the action is tautly staged by Morel and that makes "The Gunman" a satisfactory time-passer.
0.375 A lightweight thriller posing as a heavy political drama, or vice-versa. Not thoughtful and no fun.
0.4 May it enjoy its second life as a lazy Sunday TV dad movie.
0.4 The Gunman is beautiful on the outside but ugly on the inside.
0.5 Surprising how much this well-shot disappointment runs from the situation it introduces in order to make sure the white guy gets to the bottom of his own problem.
0.6 Too portentous to really entertain, even in spite of itself.
0.2 This is a dull and convoluted mess that takes too long to get going, and unfortunately keeps going and going and going until the silly finale.
0.25 Unfortunately, nobody ever won an Oscar for washboard abs. And nobody is going to win five seconds of admiration for 115 minutes of tedium in The Gunman.
0.375 The Gunman lacks the all-killer, no-filler efficiency of [Pierre Morel's] biggest success, Taken.
0.375 Watching Penn pump iron and denounce capitalism for two hours would be roughly as illuminating as this monotonous Euro-thriller.
0.4 Is it a serious political film tackling the plight of central Africa or a silly blast 'em up that's all about cheap thrills?
0.5 Generic. Preachy. Predictable. But watchable.
0.6 This is a watchable thriller with enough all-action set pieces to carry you along, particularly a lengthy sequence in the Barcelona bullring.
0.4 Too often feels like just another slice of brainless Eurotrash, packed with saw-it-coming plot twists, half-hearted car chases and an angsty hero with zero charisma.
0.5 A Sean Penn vehicle affording the surprisingly-buff (if long in the tooth) matinee idol ample opportunities to put his pecs on display in high-impact fight sequences as well as lingering love scenes.
0.4 A genuine disappointment, given the talent involved, and a rare misstep for Penn, who can't save this moribund vanity project.
0.6 For a film with such a thinly worked conspiracy, The Gunman is inexplicably hard to follow, relying on lack of clarity to disguise by-the-numbers plotting. Still, if you're in the market for some well-wrought mayhem, you could certainly do a lot worse.
0.4 It's crass, clumsy and sometimes shockingly bad.
0.375 The lack of any visual ingenuity, reflexivity, or awareness of genre tropes diminishes the intermittent pleasures of the action's slightly involving kineticism.
0.4 The Gunman is nothing more than Sean Penn's mid-life crisis vanity project, and it isn't worth the price of admission.
0.6 Considering the level of talent involved, one would and should expect better.
0.6 Deftly strips away the phoniness of a big-budget studio production.
0.375 It's watchable but absolutely no big deal, although you wouldn't know that from the drum-heavy score, so loud and militaristic that someone could reuse it for a documentary about the Battle of the Bulge.
0.8 Like a bullet train, the French thriller "The Prey" is a model of breathless efficiency, its stuffed cargo of chases, brawls and twists delivered with admirable speed.
0.625 [A] sharp if dramatically underwhelming French thriller ...
0.7 It's no insult to say that it doesn't aspire to art-house significance, just to white-knuckled entertainment.
0.625 Loopy, dumb, and entertaining ...
0.75 A slick, suspenseful adrenalin rush disguised as unexpected, nerve-wracking fun.
0.6 The closer we get to a climax (and the more that absurd reversals keep getting piled on), the less effective Dupontel's brutish charisma is in keeping things interesting and afloat.
0.75 A trim and exciting beach-read of a movie.
0.4 Sweeping landscape shots and the reliable presence of Sergi Lopez, here playing a scarred private investigator, can't distract from the cliches of a particularly dim-witted script.
0.4 A rough diamond con on the trail of a serial killer can't outrun this French thriller's weight of familiarity.
0.4 Fast and furious, but also dull and derivative.
0.4 A film that might, in America, star Jason Statham or even Steven Seagal.
0.8 A truly dazzling achievement, even measured against Tsui's own considerable accomplishments...
0.8 Beautiful Hong Kong movie. Wonderful story about the technological invasion, and outstanding fight scenes.
0.8 Brilliant commentary elevates entertaining Hong Kong action flick to must-see status.
1.0 Not perfect in an objective critical sense, but it's a masterpiece of the genre.
0.6 Successfully pays homage to ancient tradition and history by making it entertaining and interesting to non-Chinese audiences.
0.875 Tsui's camera lurches, pinwheels and whirligigs all over the place to catch every move perfectly.
0.4 The editing here is far from good, and the continuity is constantly thrown off from one shot to the next; we're talking about different positioning of objects, object-size changes, characters disappearing and re-appearing.
0.7 The fight scenes are the main attraction, of course, and the film delivers the goods again and again.
1.0 Raises the bar for a genre often thought of as meaningless dribble, showing that a Kung Fu movie can be more than just spectacular fight sequences.
0.78 A guaranteed favourite for martial arts fans.
0.9 A tumultuous riot of inspired filmmaking.
0.875 [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
0.625 Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
1.0 With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
0.8 This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
1.0 Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
0.875 Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
0.875 This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
0.8 The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
1.0 Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
0.8 It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
0.875 A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
0.75 Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
0.875 Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
1.0 All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
1.0 This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
0.875 Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
0.7 Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
0.875 An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
1.0 As beautiful as it is poignant.
0.875 A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
0.875 The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
0.75 The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
0.875 Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
0.8 But the film is, on the whole, a full, meaty treat, striking not only in its subject-matter and the approach to it, but also in its pin-sharp detailing of nature and the speed and grace with which the characters move.
0.9 Calling this film a 'kid's film,' however, completely misses the point. It is instead a film for the young at heart and those who still appreciate honor, valor, love, and the earth.
1.0 A breathtaking saga of man versus nature, of gods and men, of bravery, nobility and redemption.
0.875 Unlike most animated motion pictures, which have a relatively limited scope, Princess Mononoke is an epic saga, a fantasy adventure of great ambition and extent.
0.85 Princess Mononoke is a remarkable blend of fantastic imagination and relevant moral questions.
0.6 I was somewhat disappointed by the mundane story it presented, but the fashion in which it presented it made it completely worthwhile.
0.75 Brooding, occasionally bloody and often abstract, it explores animation's dramatic potential in wonderous ways.
0.75 Miyazaki portrays nature with a breathtaking touch.
0.875 This is clearly not a movie for kids under 10, as decapitations and maimings aren't that uncommon and the story is detailed, filled with subplots, and low on cookie-cutter characters and cutesy sidekicks.
0.875 A haunting, beautiful film that holds your attention despite its length and its complex plot.
0.75 It's an art film, a densely plotted and visually stunning piece of animation, and not a movie for everybody.
0.875 Here is a film that reaches for unforeseen heights, and surpasses them.
0.625 Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology.
1.0 The result, while not a substitute for the original, will still astound audiences with its mesmerizing vision.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki has created a world simply unlike any you've seen.
0.8 The 135 minutes that Miyazaki takes to put across his many motifs are deserved considering the complexity of his task and the movie, which avoids repetition despite the many battles, does not fail to entertain.
1.0 Absolutely breathtaking!
0.9 Go in with an open mind, clear your expectations, and let it do its thing. Trust me.
0.8 The film, which runs almost two and a half hours, is paced exceedingly well and never feels too long.
0.7 ...easily one of the best-looking animated features in years.
0.7 It is definitely too much of a good thing.
0.6 The real revelation in the film is the depth and complexity of its mythology and storytelling, which manage to overcome the problems with the human story.
0.5 The movie does have potential, but in its present state it's a disappointment that few will enjoy immensely.
0.8 Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
0.8 Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
1.0 There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
0.8 A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
0.875 [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
1.0 A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
0.8 Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
0.91 Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
0.5 Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
0.875 More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
0.5 At no point does this dual-timeline setup ever feel like one unified project -- the aesthetics of mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
0.7 I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
0.8 The surprise isn't spectacular set pieces, first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast. It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
0.7 Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
0.8 Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
0.9 X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
0.6 It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
0.4 The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
0.875 Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
0.8 The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
0.6 Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
0.8 Here's the thing about comic book heroes. Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression... The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
0.75 If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't supposed to be as good as this genre film that is full of both grandeur and fun.
0.8 It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
0.8 ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
0.875 A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
0.7 Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should its audience.
0.5 This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
0.75 Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
0.75 If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
0.5 I cannot recommend the film to anyone not firmly grounded in X-MEN lore
0.75 With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
0.8 In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
0.9 It lives. It breathes. It has a sense of humor. It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
0.75 the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
0.6 The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
0.7 It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker. If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
0.8 That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
0.7 Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
0.8 Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
0.75 ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
0.8 Dark, enthralling and undeniably exhilarating, this is the X-Men movie for X-Men aficionados.
0.75 There is never a dull moment here as we watch on, uninterrupted, with constant interest in an ambitious display of paradoxes and riddles.
0.875 The results are both dazzling and intimate, clever and - during one tour-de-force sequence - spectacularly funny.
0.8 Does a fine job of portraying the broad-strokes emotional storytelling that popcorn movies are best at... very fun and very operatic, large and imposing and dazzling.
0.8 ...funny, sharp, and breathlessly paced, and is one of the few films this year that are worth the exuberant price of a current 3D ticket. Bring on X-men: Apocalypse.
0.75 It's significantly better than most of the previous "X-Men" outings.
0.8 At least we can have moments like "Days of Future Past" where the crew that started it all can pop in and remind us of how it is supposed to be done.
1.0 X-Men, a fabled franchise that, like a fine wine, just keeps improving with age.
0.7 While entertaining and bolstered by excellent pan-X-Universe performances, Days of Future Past is a grimmer, less exhilarating chapter in the saga.
0.875 Hits that sweet spot of being really exciting and just substantive enough to earn our engagement. In the comic book-movie realm, it sits comfortably in the upper echelon.
0.6 X-Men: Days of Future Past is full of sound and fury signifying box office.
0.8 A rollicking, if sometimes convoluted, good time, featuring a high-toned cast and a seriousness of purpose that sets it apart from the candy-colored Marvel-produced films and Sony's underwhelming Amazing Spider-Man series.
0.6 More of the same, only bigger, louder and messier as the pretty-good sequel to the very-good 2011 prequel pushes the "franchise extender" mentality currently consuming Hollywood to new extremes.
0.6 There's quite a bit to like about Days of Future Past, but it feels more like a step backward than the creative leap forward that Matthew Vaughn's prequel pointed towards.
0.8 Blockbuster films so often blow so much of their budget on special effects but think of the plot as an afterthought. This one dares to reverse that mistake by investing heavily in its writing and allowing CGI to perfectly complement it.
0.875 It's that kind of movie: knowledgeable, emotional, and packed with incident and excitement.
1.0 In the glut of superhero films flooding theaters these days, the X-Men series stands above the rest.
0.875 Captures the true essence of what has made and will make the X-Men's uncanny popularity survive and thrive in days of future and past.
0.8 This is Mystique's movie. The filmmakers are obviously making the most of Jennifer Lawrence's current star power by putting her right out front for this one.
0.6 A jumble of mutant melodrama that's pleasing but never wholly poignant.
0.8 one of the best X-Men movies ever made
0.7 Amazing what substance in performance can do to distract from the incredible and incredibly silly.
0.375 There's no zip, no driving force, no personality to these movies, other than what the overqualified actors manage to squeeze out of their individual scenes.
0.9 X-Men: Days of Future Past succeeds at being a thrilling and fun superhero movie, balanced by well-earned dramatic weight.
0.75 Quicksilver ... is the coolest of this picture's new guys, zipping around so fast ... that he can taste soup, rearrange guards' limbs, and nudge bullets off their trajectories all in the time it takes to blink.
0.8 Singer not only elevates the action to delight the fans and newcomers but he delivers a fast-paced emotional storyline that blends in all of the previous films without confusing anyone. Certainly a first rate entertainment among the Marvel films to date.
0.8 A pleasingly coherent, plot-driven action movie, positively streamlined by the standards of today's superhero blockbusters.
0.625 Amongst the flying robots and the claws coming out and the ceaseless wisecracks, there isn't really much of a human story to grab on to.
0.8 Singer's clever uses of period style and sound... [provides] an extra dimension, beyond 3D visuals, capable of delivering a larger, deeper, emotional experience because it offers context to the endless, chaotic action.
0.85 [It's] filled to near bursting as its enormous cast scrambles through the vagaries of its time travel paradox-rich design. But Singer threads the needle with such apparent effortlessness in stitching it all together, the seams are practically invisible.
1.0 Simply put, Days of Future Past is the best X-Men yet, a superhero highlight reel that rivals The Avengers' energy and popcorn fun and matches The Dark Knight's brooding tone and memorable arch nemesis.
0.875 The complex movie begins juggling and balancing its storyline with astounding skill, as if its various pieces were made of metal and Magneto himself were in charge.
0.8 With Singer back at the helm and a marvelous cast to boot, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" is the best in the franchise and possibly the best superhero film yet this year.
0.9 "X-Men: Days of Future Past" uses fantastic storytelling and mesmerizing action to become the greatest film any mutants - teenage or otherwise - have ever been a part of.
1.0 Quite simply, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" ensures the legacy of the "X-Men" movies being among the best franchises the comic books have to offer.
0.8 Time-traveling superhero sequel has lots of action violence.
0.6 You'll love it if Marvel comic book movies are your thing. If not, it's a yawner.
0.625 An overplotted conglomeration of events that I found diverting, yet meaningless and emotionally uninvolving.
0.9 Even with its massive cast and its constant transitions between the past and the present, X-Men: Days of Future Past is able to deliver a cohesively brilliant film that is sure to be entertaining for both comic book and movie fans.
0.6 The latest in the series in no way lets down the six that came before, and sets a pretty high bar for the many doubtless yet to come.
0.75 After being burned out on the X-Men for a while, I'd be up for another outing. Maybe in the next film they can head back to the '80s ("Mr. Magneto, tear down this wall!")
0.6 To ensure long-term survival, this franchise needs to evolve. In terms of the competition, however, it's still light years ahead.
0.8 As action-packed as it is, the quiet moments work best and, like 2011's First Class, the superhero universe of the X-Men is a cut above its comparatively cheesier brethren.
0.75 Having already directed the first two (and superior) X-Men films, Singer shows a level of comfort with both the material and the cast ...
0.8 X-Men: Days of Future Past is the smartest and most complicated superhero movie in years.
0.9 You really should see X-Men: Days of Future Past on the big screen. The heart-pumping effects are worth it alone. And the cleverness and wit are outstanding.
0.8 The jailbreak is the film's most giddily entertaining episode... Witty, cheeky and utterly disarming, like mischievous prankster Quicksilver himself, the scene is a delight.
0.8 At its heart the X-Men story is a parable about difference, subjugation and redemption, an alternate history of humanity where justice evolves as the oppressed model the decency and responsible use of power they've been denied.
0.8 Strap yourself in kids, because this is why you go to summer movies. Director Bryan Singer has absolutely nailed Days of Future Past.
1.0 Amazing
0.75 Ambitious, even audacious, the movie's mix of action and for-devotees-only intrigue can overwhelm, but there are moments of sheer virtuosity, too ...
0.7 An audacious, thrilling adventure that's the most epic adventure yet featuring everyone's favorite mutants.
0.8 Bryan Singer has undoubtedly made the best X-Men film since X2, with a great premise that is not only complex and rooted in sci-fi, but one that also manages to correct just about every crappy decision made in X-Men: The Last Stand.
0.875 Even in the Marvel universe, the question of whether we can control our own fate arises. 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is a star-studded, beautifully written film with both smarts and brawn.
1.0 Sequels can offer more of the same stories and characters that made their predecessors so successful or they can dare to be more. This movie dares to be more.
0.625 This is a satisfying entry, to be sure, and perhaps even the most ambitious, but the premise and its hulking ensemble are underused.
0.875 For those who felt The Last Stand was a poor exit for many of these characters, X-Men: Days of Future Past should at least salve the wound in part.
0.6 It is successful because the spectacle never outweighs the story, or more importantly, its characters.
0.6 X-Files, Xbox and X-Men - this brave new world suffers from a surfeit of X's. For those of you who think that X indicates buried treasure this latest instalment is probably best avoided.
0.75 It all builds to a climax that intercuts between past and present, but again, it's not the action ... that keeps us involved.
0.875 In the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who helmed the first two X-Men films, it's a nearly seamless adventure ride despite a plot that at times strains credulity.
0.75 If you are an "X" maniac, Singer's given you the movie you've been hoping for.
0.75 This deftly scripted and unusually affecting installment of the long-running series is marked by the notable return of director Bryan Singer, who succeeds in delivering a film that ranks among the very best of the franchise.
0.875 Once it reaches takeoff velocity, "Days of Future Past" becomes one of the best installments in the "X-Men" series.
0.75 For all its sociopolitical smarts and coded subtexts, the "X-Men" franchise, based on the Marvel comics, is primarily about entertainment, and this seventh installment is no different.
0.6 Veers between interesting and insipid for much of its running time.
0.8 A summer blockbuster that surges with creative action sequences and memorable characters.
0.8 There are many superhuman feats on display in the latest installment in the X-Men saga, Days of Future Past. Time travel. Saving the world from big, angry robots. A beautifully restored 1973 Buick Riviera.
0.875 Step up, cynics, and see the summer 2014 blockbuster that gets damn near everything right.
0.7 Suspenseful and satisfying sequel/prequel.
0.7 X-Men: Days of Future Past does have its merits. Keeping its mouth shut is not one of them.
0.75 "X-Men: Days of Future Past" upholds the acceptably high batting average of Marvel's second-tier movie franchise.
0.75 The novelty has somewhat worn off after we've been bombarded by six previous "X-Men"/"Wolverine" efforts and umpteen other Marvel flicks. But the talent has never been better than in this rousing adventure.
0.8 Singer keeps tight narrative control over a complicated plot, showcasing his directorial gifts in a magnificent climax that shuttles between two timelines with artistry.
0.5 It only conveys the awesome strangeness of its characters and their universe when director Brian Singer breaks away from the perpetual build-up of the film's unwieldy plot.
0.4 After a chunky, [derivative] opening, Bryan Singer's return to the world of 'Mutants are people too, only better' settles into a '70s-style actor's showcase.
0.75 Some sequels have such a complicated back story they should come with printed footnotes. The latest sequel in the "X-Men" series requires an encyclopedia that can be read in a fun-house mirror.
0.75 Most important, there is an emotional undercurrent in this installment that the earlier films only aspired to.
0.8 A mind-bending thrill ride with great special effects.
0.75 "Days of Future Past" is, in itself, as intoxicating as a shot of adrenaline. It's what summer movies are meant to be.
0.72 It's a brilliant gameplan for a studio: Manipulate time and space to make the X-Men movies infinitely re-bootable, infinitely re-castable and assuredly profitable, until it sounds like, and is, a kind of prayer: Forever and ever, X-Men.
0.8 A giddy rush of superhero thrills, spills and epic set-pieces.
0.9 This is a fantastic movie. It looks great, has very good performances from a whole bunch of actors who I like a lot, and stages action sequences that are both coherent and impressive. The screenplay might be the best part of all
0.75 Singer does a nice job of connecting the bleakness of the '70s with the optimistic spirit that inspired the X-Men in the first place.
0.625 There's just enough right in "Days of Future Past" to off-set what's wrong.
0.9 The film X-Men fans have been waiting for. It lives up to their expectations and then some. A truly epic installment.
0.75 This is the best, most entertaining and mature comic-book Hollywood franchise currently in existence.
0.5 Drab in look and overly talky, X-Men: Days of Future Past lacks the life force and lilt of its 2011 predecessor, X-Men: First Class.
0.6 A dizzying but enjoyable ride.
0.6 In a film at one with its own absurdity, near-camp delirium is the strongest suit.
0.75 Singer, who directed the first X-Men movie 14 years ago, brings back a joyful comic book feel to the series.
0.6 Days of Future Past capitalizes on the audience's familiarity with the many players and their complex backstories, but never advances the ball down the field, tenders no new thought or wrinkle to the franchise.
0.5 A double whammy for those suffering both superhero and time-travel fatigue.
0.7 At its best, Days Of Future Past feels not just like an X-Men comic book, but like an X-Men comic-book crossover
0.8 ... the return of the franchise's prodigal son, Bryan Singer, and Oscar winning screenwriter Simon Kinberg adapting one of the defining X-Men comic arcs; the stars have aligned for the X-Men's answer to The Avengers.
0.8 Something old, something new, some Bolivar, something blue...
0.6 The movie finds a lot of success, largely due to solid work from a lot of extraordinary actors. They maneuver around a jam-packed plot that, in lesser hands, could have left you looking at your watch.
0.7 Both a satisfying capstone for the series so far and a solid starting point for future installments.
0.8 A perfect blend of all-audience sci-fi actioner and fans-only nerd-out.
0.875 What makes [it] more than just a thrilling science-fiction actioner is the past-present poignancy allowed by time travel and astral projection, indulging everyone's fantasy of telling a younger self what he or she needs to hear.
0.875 This could have easily been one of those blockbusters that seemed tantalizing in the crowded hallways of Comic-Con yet resulted in a convoluted disaster. What we have here is an electrifying ride that grips until its last frame.
0.875 The most ambitious and ingenious of the long-running series, X-Men: Days of Future Past keeps the key crew of mutants busier than ever.
0.5 Unfortunately, after initially running hot with breathtaking 3D effects and a fascinating premise, Days Of Future Past gradually cools into an unnecessarily convoluted, compromised product.
0.875 Days of Future Past toys with history, but stays true to its outsider roots, expressing them with conviction and a sense of narrative sure-footedness. Even better, it's timeless fun, a summer movie that engages and entertains us in equal measures.
0.8 "X-Men: Days of Future Past" does just about everything you'd hope an all-star, time-traveling summer blockbuster should.
0.75 [It's got] a lot of plot. And yet, despite resulting in a film that brings together the cast of the original X-Men films and the upstarts of the clever 2011 reboot X-Men: First Class, Singer keeps what matters clear and snappy enough.
0.875 The film is visually exciting, aping the look of period camerawork effectively in several 1970s scenes. The actors aren't overwhelmed by effects for the most part.
0.8 X-cellent, X-citing, X-hilarating!
0.9 Thrilling, heady and not just a little funny, it's easily as good as Singer's other X-films, and rivals the best of the Marvel-based movies to date.
0.6 It all trots along at a brisk pace with genuinely impressive special effects and decent gags. Bryan Singer really cares about his mutant outcasts, weaving just enough drama into the superhero shenanigans.
0.8 The return of Wolverine and many other original X-Men gives a welcome jolt of familiarity to this complex, funny and often spectacular adventure.
0.7 The most enjoyable and unexpected element of the film is Evan Peters as the super-speedy yet laid-back mutant teen Quicksilver.
0.875 "X-Men: Days of Future Past'' blows a breath of fresh air through the musty Marvel universe, which increasingly is all about pandering to hard-core fans rather than trying to make good movies for everybody.
0.75 The first "fun" summer blockbuster and maybe the best X-Men movie yet.
0.75 It isn't the best of the series but it lets fans enjoy younger and older versions of some of the characters and play in this corner of the Marvel Universe.
1.0 Traz alguns dos melhores momentos de toda a franquia.
0.8 Perhaps the most astonishing thing is that this movie is as elegant as it is.
0.6 X-Men movies: always promising, never fulfilling... "Ooh, look at how well the production was scheduled," we'll whisper to one another, feeling nothing else at all.
0.8 Dancing between the fun and the all-out ridiculous with surprisingly nimble feet, X-Men: Days of Future Past is an absolute blast.
0.8 A bold, dark and important chapter in a superhero franchise that continues to evoke the past atrocities of man, in order to portray a fantastic fable of hope amidst hopeless times.
0.8 It's all such rollicking fun it's hard to care about the occasional baffling moment.
0.6 It's a character-driven comics movie that mostly forgets about the characters as characters.
0.8 What we do get here is largely fantastic, not only re-energising old-favourite characters but introducing intriguing new ones.
0.4 The problem here is an absurdly convoluted screenplay that leaps back and forth in time in a manner that is both confusing and increasingly irritating.
0.6 With the principal players all on top form, some arresting set pieces and a nice mix of humour and drama, Days of Future Past does more than enough to overcome its imperfections and keep fans satisfied.
0.8 Largely derivative but without feeling lazy, this is an X-outing that takes the best elements of the previous films, particularly the plot of X2, and rehashes it all through a hue of darkness.
0.8 With style, heart and thrills, Singer has nailed the most ambitious X-flick yet. Popcorn pizzazz combines with X2's emotional sweep and something extra: a platform for the X-Men's screen survival.
0.8 That it all makes sense and is up there with the best X-movies is actually quite uncanny.
0.8 A perfectly fine follow-up to X-Men: First Class and a nice way to offer some closure for Bryan Singer's earlier X-men movies.
0.6 For all its ambitious plotting, this X-Men is really an effective merger of the franchise's two separate incarnations ...
0.8 It's a film that serves as a prequel, a sequel and a bridge between the two. And, most of all, it serves as a giant "f ... you" to X-Men: The Last Stand.
0.8 Striking in its ambition, assured in its execution, and compelling throughout.
0.8 One of the best films in this admittedly slapdash series.
0.9 The best, most complete and most entertaining X-Men movie we've ever seen.
0.4 A curate's egg, thoroughly scrambled.
0.8 A powerful cocktail of nostalgia and new frontier - quite simply it's the grandest, most ambitious X-Men movie yet.
0.4 The first was far too much really; just multiply the gore by three.
0.75 Director P.J. Pesce stylishly and briskly stages the numerous shootings and feeding frenzies.
0.0 The first was mediocre. The second was bad. This is terrible.
0.5 ...pretty entertaining, with some great gore scenes.
0.4 Melhor que o segundo filme - o que nao quer dizer muita coisa.
0.8 O ritmo e lento, falta foco a narracao e o ato final e confuso. Por sorte, este nao e um filme sobre "tramas", mas sobre personagens - e e ai que merece elogios.
0.4 It's slow, but it's also sure-footed. Duvall takes it at his own damn pace, and his grouchy old man of a contract killer is a well-rounded and wholly believable personage.
0.75 More a song about living and dying well than a picture that makes much sense in the traditional definition.
0.5 Assassination Tango runs aground with an accumulation of small illogicalities.
0.5 If Duvall wanted to celebrate his hobby, he should have made a documentary.
0.75 You get the feeling Duvall took a tango trip to Buenos Aires and haphazardly decided to make a crime movie while staying there.
0.6 While Duvall's contribution to the tango canon may not add much to its mystique, it still offers considerable pleasures to anyone who shares his interest.
0.75 Not so much a movie as a chance to sidle up alongside Robert Duvall and twirl around a cinematic dance floor with him.
0.75 Its many tiny character details make up for the ludicrous story it's telling.
0.5 A film that uses tango as a metaphor for life ought to generate some fire. But Assassination Tango offers little heat.
0.4 One of the most boring films in recent memory. Almost nothing happens.
0.2 A monotonously shuffling pet project that nearly induces sleep as it trips over and shoots itself in its celluloid feet.
0.7 The exquisitely genuine dance scenes are the anti-Chicago.
0.6 What we care about in Assassination Tango is the tango, not the assassination.
0.25 Boring, meandery and clumsy.
0.75 Watching a Robert Duvall performance has become like putting on a great, weathered pair of boots -- you know it will feel good and you will want to go the distance.
0.75 Assassination Tango has very little to do with style -- or even plot -- and everything to do with the way a character moves.
0.5 Not only is it hard to buy the premise, it's hardly interesting to begin with.
0.5 The characters and situations here are all stereotypical or undercooked.
0.6 If this sounds like an awkward combination, it is.
0.625 The film works as a self-portrait -- of both Duvall's character, and Duvall and his self-reflective style of acting.
0.6 When Duvall films the tango, his passion for it is palpable. You can feel the wonder he feels at its emotion and its precision.
0.6 The studied pace of Duvall's film, and his carefully measured performance, will win over more patient patrons.
0.625 It's an uneven but occasionally fascinating film, as labors of love so often are.
0.4 A film that feels like the writer, director and star was too blinded by his interest in the subject matter to make a good movie about it.
0.5 It's hard to see what Duvall thinks is so interesting about the hit man, aside from the fact that he's playing him.
0.6 It is a pleasure and a bit of a treasure hunt to watch.
0.625 A great character actor's love letter to the one art form that makes him feel like a star.
0.625 The dancing episodes hold interest while the assassination plot becomes superfluous.
0.75 Duvall has created it from the inside out, seeing it not through the eyes of the audience but through the mind of Anderson.
0.625 About one commanding performance, fascinating to watch but not strong enough to redeem the muddled story line on which it hangs.
0.75 A wonderfully crafted, smartly acted study of a complex old coot.
0.625 An exercise in narcissism and nepotism that scoots by, not on story or suspense, but on [Duvall's] Old World charisma.
0.75 It's a film whose pleasures creep up on you.
0.75 Even Marlon Brando wouldn't be able to keep this from being the last tango in Buenos Aires that anyone is likely to see on screen for a while.
0.4 Duvall at his worst is still an accomplished performer; Pedraza is a modern-day Ali McGraw, lithe and beautiful but no kind of actress. For all her fluidity on the dance floor, she's a dead weight who drags the film down.
0.75 While not on the level of The Apostle, the movie stands as a rewarding, first-rate drama.
0.5 Overlong and far less engaging than Duvall's earlier Angelo My Love and The Apostle.
0.4 If Mr. Duvall's finely textured performance is a testament to the power of good screen acting to lift a film above the mundane, the movie's many irritating tics demonstrate that he is much more at home in front of the camera than behind it.
0.75 Duvall's latest is a treat for the eyes and ears, but it doesn't always ring true on deeper dramatic levels.
0.7 Written and directed by Duvall, Assassination Tango is a wonderfully eccentric piece of filmmaking -- to demand it cohere to formula would be to miss the point.
0.5 Take Duvall out of the picture and let this family demonstrate the tango, and you'd have a terrific movie.
0.75 Another exquisite film written and directed by Duvall (The Apostle) ... [its tango numbers] are magical moments of sheer joy.
0.6 Robert Duvall should have stuck to the tango because the hit man aspect misses the target.
0.75 For those who do not demand a firm adherence to formulas and genre-driven expectations, this movie offers the chance to see something a little different.
0.5 With its clumsy storytelling and lack of someone to filter Duvall's gushiness about the subject matter, Assassination Tango winds up shooting itself in its own dancing feet.
0.5 Duvall missteps in trying to mesh suspense with a love story.
0.3 Imagine Larry King demanding CNN give his latest wife her own hour-long weeknight talk show, and you'll get a pretty good idea of the level of self-indulgence in Tango.
0.8 If Duvall's presence in films that are clearly beneath him are necessary in order for him to produce flicks like The Apostle and Assassination Tango, I certainly hope Jerry Bruckheimer never loses his phone number.
0.4 What could have been a fascinating exploration of the sensuous culture of Argentine tango (a subject the actor/director displays an affection for) winds up instead being a rather clumsy mobster movie with lots of been-there, done-that touches.
0.75 Art follows life as Robert Duvall, in an intruiging character study, dances with his real-life girlfriend while trying to remember that he's a hit man.
0.4 [Duvall] has no feel for the crime material and his attempted creation of the quirky John. J., supposedly a master killer, falls apart quickly.
0.4 Later Bronson entry is formula hewn violence.
0.4 It isn't long before the plot and characters have nowhere left to go but down to the depths of human depravity. And by the end it's impossible to see the point.
0.1 Whatever edge of fear and tension the movie might have possessed is traded for blistering annoyance as the cast near-cannibalizes one another while screeching at top volume for over 120 minutes.
0.25 Gens' film, while a far darker vision of the day the world ends, is more sexually sordid than satisfying. Save the humans? Why bother?
0.4 Its nihilism feels cynical rather than authentically bleak, and the increasingly histrionic scenes start to resemble an indulgent actors' workshop that has spun out of control.
0.6 The Divide is extremely nasty and relentlessly bleak but it's worth seeing if you like that sort of thing.
0.25 A clunky and ugly little film that I was more than happy to forget.
0.8 A genuinely disturbing descent into madness. You just happen to have seen it all before.
0.82 A genre film that's both a little too long and a little too brutal for mainstream tastes ... a minor cult movie, beloved by a few discriminating connoisseurs of small-scale apocalyptic horror and pretty much ignored by the rest of us.
0.2 Michael Biehn and Rosanna Arquette are in the cast but not helped by a cursory screenplay.
0.2 One to avoid.
0.4 No one has any goals other than to be the most annoying person in the room and there's plenty of competition in that department. It's a waste of a good setup as the situation and location are well drawn.
0.8 Gens's skilful direction and the throat-grabbing performances from the cast add to the tension.
0.4 Nasty, unrelenting and likely to make your hair fall out.
0.6 Gens' impressively grim film has points to make about post-9/11 militarism, but you get the sense that humanity disgusts him so much he'd rather leave his characters to the roaches.
0.2 THE DIVIDE aims for a dark, cutthroat tone, focusing on exploitation elements without the thrills that are usually involved. The result is both extremely dismal and extremely uncomfortable.
0.25 The film's only point appears to be lurid delight in topping one atrocity with another.
0.125 The tale quickly degenerates from a dramatically promising clash of personalities under pressure to a gratuitous display of rape, murder, torture, dismemberment, madness, ugly misogyny, naked racism and yelling.
0.375 It's a rare movie where the most likable character onscreen, and the feel-good hero of the damnable show, is none other than the hardy cockroach.
0.4 If it's possible to get bored with derangement, The Divide finds a way to make that happen.
0.5 In the end, the pace of the film is just too sluggish to maintain our interest and, at under two hours, it feels longer.
0.625 "The Divide" is at least 20 minutes longer than it needs to be, but the claustrophobic setting and slowly mounting tension keep the grim drama involving.
0.8 Xavier Gens has created one hell of an intriguing horror thriller.
0.5 Gens has talent, if also tendencies to steer the visuals into the music video realm, but he treats the characters here like mobile props and nothing more...
0.125 The only possible relief from director Xavier Gens' abusively bleak survivalist scenario is how implausible it is.
0.3 When a character swims through raw sewage to escape at the film's climax, it's hard not feel a certain solidarity.
0.5 We wait, from one cringe-inducing, hide-your-face-from-the-screen act after another, to see how much worse the behavior will become.
0.375 It's doom that we're meant to feel here. And repulsion. I hate to say, but I shrugged.
0.0 If the objective is to make the audience ill, The Divide succeeds.
0.4 One lesson for future generations rising from the ashes: Avoid the shelter containing whiner Rosanna Arquette.
0.625 Too bad [Gens] lacks Rod Serling's genius for delicious irony.
0.2 This incoherent, redundant, sci-fi thriller is a depraved, repugnant dirge with a disappointing conclusion.
0.375 Man is depicted as his own worst enemy, but for audiences there's perhaps no greater threat than Gens's overripe artistry.
0.6 Gens' disaster pic has visual flair aplenty and an explosive third reel which mostly forgives the inoffensively routine first two.
0.6 Decent Vietnam war film. Dafoe's presence can only help.
0.4 Less entertaining than any of the leads have ever done.
0.5 Inert gung-ho Vietnam adventure.
1.0 Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
0.4 One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
0.8 Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
0.6 Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
0.8 One of the most important animated films ever made.
0.9 One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
0.8 In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
0.78 If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
0.6 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
1.0 ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
0.75 A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
0.875 With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
0.625 The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
0.75 There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
0.74 The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
0.8 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
0.5 The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
0.75 Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
0.6 Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
0.8 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
0.875 Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
0.875 A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
0.75 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
0.75 Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
0.75 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
0.75 Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
0.5 The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
1.0 One of the best animated films I have ever seen.
0.7 A hallucinatory tour de force of color, perspective and scale, virtually encapsulates the history of Japanese animation.
0.6 Stunningly beautiful.
1.0 Belleza, magia, poder, amor, misterio, y gran gran msica y visuales... qu ms se puede pedir?...
0.75 The scene-stealer is Robert Ryan, one of cinema's forgotten great actors. He delivers a superlative performance as the radical with dark reason and fearful purpose, bringing a new, almost heroic dimension to the character.
0.7 The play is an inescapably great experience, and that fact isn't muffled by this film.
1.0 For four hours we live in these two rooms and discover the secrets of these people, and at the end we have gone deeper, seen more, and will remember more, than with most of the other movies of our life.
0.5 [Not] a great thriller, just one that is more intelligent and dignified than you would ever imagine, sight unseen.
1.0 Although the movie trades heavily on gang-film staples, there's also ample comedy packed into the mix.
1.0 Envolvente do inicio ao fim (num desfecho, diga-se de passagem, poderosamente dramatico), o filme traz Cagney em uma de suas atuacoes mais intensas e inspiradas.
0.8 ...most of all, it's Cagney: At the top of his game, the bad guy we have to love. He makes it all happen.
1.0 Angels With Dirty Faces benefits from the Production Code because it forces the gangster film to acknowledge its nihilism.
0.7 Sometimes fierce
1.0 Wonderful morality story; one of Cagney's most memorable
1.0 If you're looking to study the gangster classics, I know a good place you can start.
0.6 I came out of this wishing the paint can crowd would settle for tattoos.
0.5 Visually dazzling and dramatically trite -- it's virtuoso piffle.
0.25 Thoroughly fails to convince that its handful of New York characters known as 'bombers,' graffiti mongers futilely yearning for immortality via nightly despoiling of public and private property, is of any tragic interest.
0.4 A didactic ode to a lifestyle that makes little sense, no matter the darkly romantic rebel-with-a-cause ideas associated with what is essentially an act of vandalism.
0.6 In the end it's all seductive surface and no substance, but Lough has a bold eye and a vivid sense of uniquely urban beauty.
0.5 Preachy and single-minded, populated by a world of sympathetic heroes and hissable villains.
0.375 A flashy but numbingly hollow compendium of Trainspotting-inspired visual gimmicks, Lough's tale of New York City 'bombers' is formulaic in the extreme.
0.375 A mild, slow-moving drama that belatedly tries to argue that graffiti writers are political artists, not an urban blight.
0.6 Lough's impressive, if uneven, debut feature captures the adrenaline rush and contradictory nature of the simultaneously creative and criminal activity but stumbles in its attempt to justify it as an art form.
0.6 Adam Bhala Lough's hot little melodrama rhapsodizes the lives of contemporary graffiti artists.
0.375 Lough references Basquiat, without naming him, but in the end can't quite hijack the late artist's cred for his own hit-and-run movie.
0.5 Well acted and ably directed, if not very probing about its subject of underclass youth.
0.5 The film's nostalgic fondness for '80s hip-hop/street culture is at odds with the story's supposed contemporary setting.
0.8 Excellent acting, great music, amazing artwork and gorgeous Christopher Doyle type cinematography make this film an absolute treat to sit through.
0.0 undiluted garbage
0.2 This hip-hop Romeo and Juliet is awful.
0.5 Jet Li deserves better than this.
0.6 Guess what, kids! Your average Jet Li film is a LOT better than your average Jackie Chan film.
0.75 Everyone can enjoy the main special effect in the movie: Jet Li.
0.625 It's not Shakespeare a la Kenneth Branagh, but it's not bad either.
0.8 What impresses me about this film is its consistency in terms of characterization.
0.6 Fast, furious fun, worth a viewing.
0.5 The director gets carried away with his quick-cutting technique, to the point that it interferes with the viewer's ability to appreciate the fantastic choreography.
0.625 Way too much time is spent exposing the boring, conventional plot, with all its predictable twists and double-crossings.
0.5 Straight-ahead action would have been more than sufficient.
0.4 It's funny and violent and occasionally quite entertaining, even if there's not a single convincing moment.
0.7 The main problem with the movie...is the story: it's very weak, and seems to exist mainly as a vehicle to attach all the fight scenes in a string.
0.5 There are no characters, just stick figures.
0.5 Tiene mucho de accion pero poca sustancia
0.4 Despite the cagey titling, Hong Kong action star Jet Li's first stateside leading role has little if anything to do with Will Shakespeare's doomed lovepuppy, and more's the pity.
0.2 All of the elements were present for success. But it inevitable turns into some lemon drop-sweetened nightmare, two hours long.
0.625 The inexperienced director does aim high, but ultimately Romeo Must Die succumbs to lowest common denominator syndrome.
0.5 Despite Li's rascal charm and Aaliyah's groovy sensuality, the leading pair have less chemistry than a remedial science class; when they awkwardly dance in a painful-to-watch nightclub scene, their coolness is all-too apparent.
0.3 Three words: not enough action!
0.4 In good Hong Kong cinema, your plots and relationships should never be more preposterous than your fight sequences. If you break this rule, then you wind up this film.
0.5 There is too much dialogue and too little Li.
0.5 Recommended for fight fans only.
0.5 ...can be added to the list of kung-fu fighting films that promised more than it delivered.
0.3 The action scenes drew peals of laughter.
0.6 If you didn't know Li was a world-class WuShu champion, you'd never guess it - all his action scenes are edited within an inch of their lives.
0.625 A plodding, play-it-safe rendition of The Family Feud.
0.8 The visuals are stunning and the stunts stunning.
0.8 Romeo Must Die has a great look and an edgy feel, along with some broad swaths of humor.
0.5 Jet Li is, quite simply, the Michael Jordan of martial arts.
0.6 The best scenes mesh together the kind of super-gymnastic moves and dotty fun which would make Jackie Chan go green.
0.75 A big cool fun movie.
0.7 As a reward for putting your brain on autopilot, there are some incredible fight scenes to watch.
0.625 For martial arts enthusiasts, Jet Li's artistry will barely compensate for the gaping flaws of Romeo Must Die. For others, it would be a wasted trip to the theater.
0.75 All Romeo Must Die claims and wants to be is one brisk jolt of action, and that's exactly what it is.
0.5 You catch Mr. Li in bite-size chunks instead of the family-style helpings in his other work.
0.5 When the film sticks to action, it's on firm ground.
0.375 [Li's] scenes are so clearly computer-aided that his moves are about as impressive as Bugs Bunny doing the same.
0.4 Great Kung Fu set pieces that are edited so fast that they are impossible to watch.
0.375 It all ends in a lot of explosions. Surprised?
1.0 Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
0.6 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
1.0 Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
0.8 Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
1.0 A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
0.4 There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
0.75 The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
1.0 The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
1.0 An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
1.0 Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
0.9 Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
0.875 One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
0.6 Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
1.0 A definicao classica do epico.
0.8 Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
0.84 An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
0.8 Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
0.8 It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
0.8 ...fairly defines the word 'epic.'
0.9 Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
1.0 Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
0.8 Solid WWII drama with two can't-miss stars.
0.8 Watch Run Silent, Run Deep. Then watch K:19. Then complain that "They don't make 'em like they used to."
0.4 Ensemble crime noir wannabe.
0.25 How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it? Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
0.5 Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
0.6 Sadly cashes in on the original.
0.75 Entirely too long, but the samurai game of cat and mouse, the strategizing, is fascinating.
0.6 ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope, and it's hard to imagine anyone topping it any time soon.
0.8 Consegue combinar uma abordagem mais classica, tradicional, aos toques de violencia bizarra tipicas da filmografia de Miike.
0.9 13 Assassins evokes a classic filmmaking style sharpened by Takashi Miike's modern energy.
0.8 A much fresher experience than would seem likely for such a well-trod genre.
0.9 Miike's sadistic fetishization of violence and suffering is nowhere in evidence.
0.8 A wildly entertaining blockbuster that should appeal outside the extreme Asian cinema niche market.
0.7 The excessive mind of Japanese director Takashi Miike (Audition; Ichi the Killer) throttles back the gore to deliver a disciplined, refreshingly grounded samurai action film.
0.7 Miike plays it by the age-old rules, and the result, while undeniably entertaining, is unexpectedly tame, at least by Miike standards
0.8 The once dormant samurai movie is rejuvenated in 13 Assassins, a spirited and violent romp which delves into the honour and savagery of samurai ideology.
0.8 13 Assassins looks at honour from many angles, without becoming simplistic. Ichii hasn't lost his edge after all.
0.8 The sense of loss, of waste, for a society, a culture, is just heartbreaking. That feeling is something special in a 21st century action picture.
0.9 Filmed with inspiration from Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, Takashi Miike delves into his nation's past to create a noble movie that will please fight fans but gives so much more thanks to a compelling story.
0.7 While the characterisations are sometimes lacking, the swordplay never is.
0.8 The action and spectacle in this film is outstanding making it one of Miike's best films to date.
0.75 The grandiose concluding sequence is not staged with finesse or subtlety, but with brutal finality. It is the Japanese samurai film equivalent of a barroom brawl on an epic scale, and the violence is punishing.
0.875 It's an incredibly violent, insanely entertaining movie that features scores of baddies getting killed by sword, arrow, knife, boiling oil, even a stampede of bulls. Wait, check that. Not just bulls. Flaming bulls.
0.75 If you can handle the blood, it's a very satisfying tale of vengeance and honor.
1.0 Epic. Unforgettable. Relentless. Magnificently entertaining.
1.0 13 Assassins may well be the most wholly accomplished and satisfying film to come our way all year.
0.75 The 13th assassin, an uncouth mountain man, offers a critique of his noble companions -- and of the code-of-duty genre he finds himself occupying -- when he comments: 'Do only samurai matter in this world?'
0.8 It absolutely, undeniably delivers the goods. And those goods are soaked in blood.
0.875 Does Guinness World Records have an entry for longest on-screen fight? If it doesn't, Takashi Miike's "13 Assassins" just set it. And if a record actually exists, Miike's film just broke it.
0.625 The dialectic about duty may not translate to a modern Western audience, but the savage sword-fighting is to die for.
0.875 "13 Assassins" has what many action pictures need, a villain who transcends evil and ascends to a realm of barbaric madness.
1.0 ... a subversive, action-packed, beautifully crafted samurai revenge epic ... climaxes in a 40-minute pitched battle that utilizes sword, arrow, spear, slingshot and &#8210; here's a new one &#8210; burning bull.
0.875 A richly cathartic experience with a wide range of emotional colors.
0.75 13 Assassins is a savage, insane movie - in the best way possible.
0.625 It's as if Miike wished to add his name to the list of old-time, classical action directors, alongside the likes of Robert Aldrich or Sam Peckinpah.
1.0 The film really isn't much like anything else. It's also likely to land on the shortlist of the year's best.
1.0 A film, like so many samurai stories (and American westerns) about brotherhood, justice and sacrifice, 13 Assassins is, at turns, thrilling and funny, visually exquisite and emotionally charged.
0.8 13 Assassins may look like another classic samurai film in the old-school tradition, but it is to Kurosawa's genre classics what Sam Peckinpah's westerns were to John Huston's.
0.6 13 Assassins builds into a decent action-fest.
0.6 Miike directs the "village of death" battle with an astonishing relentlessness: just when you think you've seen the last bout of flesh-skewering, he tips another bloody bucket of slaughter into the mix.
0.8 It takes a while to hit its stride but when 13 Assassins finds its groove, this magically turns into one of the most memorable - and shocking - action films in an absolute age.
0.6 What's special about 13 Assassins is a 45-minute battle scene in which 13 heroic warriors take on the vastly superior army of a wickedly sadistic Shogun lord.
0.6 It suffers from an inordinately protracted middle section that should have been half an hour shorter, but turns into the kind of bloodbath you would expect from Tarantino.
0.6 13 Assassins musters nearly twice as many swordsmen as Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and is about two-thirds as good, although it delivers the requisite genre thrills.
0.875 Epic in scope, ambition, and execution, it's a classic swords-and-samurai film with postmodern blood and guts, and it's completely satisfying.
0.8 Pays off thrillingly with a virtuoso 45-minute bloodbath you won't easily forget.
0.8 Miike's magnificent 13 mark both the end of an era and the boundary of a genre.
0.8 Impressively directed, sharply written and superbly acted, this is an emotionally engaging samurai drama that builds to a thrilling climactic showdown lasting a full 45 minutes.
0.8 The controlled set-up effectively explores notions of honour and servitude in a time when the bushido era was drawing to a close, before giving way to a terrific, 40-minute climax that's sheer martial artistry in all its mud-and blood-splattered glory.
0.6 "I thought samurai would be fun but you bore me," says one character. I'm afraid that, after two hours, I agree, though the action is fairly well done if you like that sort of thing.
1.0 Nearly every image is memorable: it is hard to pick out the most mind-blowing.
0.6 A devoutly classical, if not exactly classic, remake of a 1963 period samurai film.
0.8 The action is intense, inventive and vastly compelling with enough twists and turns to keep your attention throughout.
0.875 The 45 minutes of unrelenting carnage that conclude 13 Assassins are as crimson-soaked as fans would expect. And yet this tale is also moving.
1.0 The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation.
0.6 A decent historical drama, with one of the best extended battle scenes (a full half of the movie is the face-off in the 'village of death') in recent memory.
0.8 The two halves of 13 Assassins are as finely balanced as one of the samurai swords from its grand, limb-lopping LOL-fest of a finale.
0.75 The great thing, typically, about a Takashi Miike film is that there's no such thing as a typical Takashi Miike film.
0.8 Try the entire last 40 minutes of the movie. It's sort of like being on one of those theme park rides that spins you around until you're dizzy and out of breath, only this one shoots a firehose of blood into your face while you're on it.
0.9 The "town of death" sequence, which takes up nearly the second half of the film, ranks among the great action set-pieces ever filmed.
0.875 "13 Assassins" is a must-see for Miike's passionate legion of fans. But even action buffs who've never seen any of his films before will be drawn in by this masterful exercise in cinematic butchery.
0.9 For all its bloodshed and mayhem, 13 Assassins is one of the most joyously energetic and exciting movies I've seen in the last year, and maybe even the last two years.
0.8 A classic samurai movie, right up there among the finest in the genre.
0.8 There will be blood, rivers of it, in point of fact. 13 Assassins is Miike's bid for a jewel on Akira Kurosawa's crown, and as such, it's an audacious attempt that turns out to be his most stylistically formal film to date.
0.8 A stirring, unexpectedly moving story of love and blood...
0.8 No one who has seen Seven Samurai will be surprised by the trajectory and outcome of Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't plenty of surprises and enormous thrills to be found within
0.9 Takashi Miike's samurai adventure 13 Assassins is so beautifully made, it could serve as a model for contemporary American action films.
1.0 If Miike had to make all of his other flicks to get to this brilliant catharsis, it was worth it.
0.85 Takashi Miike's masterwork, the type of grand filmmaking we've always come to expect from him and the film that should get him taken more seriously among cinephiles and mainstream movie fans alike.
0.8 There is plenty of blood in 13 Assassins, but Miike quietly builds his characters and their dilemmas, leading up to a grand spectacle of swordplay that includes a whopping 45 minute action finale.
0.75 That tension between a servant's duty and moral responsibility forms the crux of 13 Assassins, and proves a standard dynamic that Miike handles without subversive humor or irony.
1.0 13 Assassins single-handedly revitalises the samurai film, taking it to new heights with incomparable style and excitement. Make all possible haste to see this grand-scale epic on the biggest screen you can find.
0.8 ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope...
0.7 The last hour is a wildly entertaining orgy of swords, blood, fire and mud that goes on longer than it probably should, and yet never gets tiresome.
0.2 While Mr. Bronson goes through the motions of revenge with his characteristic deliberation, he looks puffy and sounds terminally bored.
0.5 What's revolting, if not surprising, about this salute to Bernie Goetz, the NRA, and All-American contempt for civil liberties, is the casual inevitability of all the violence.
0.4 Time-travel pirate adventure with boy hero, guns, swords.
0.125 There are many things to make fun of here.
0.1 From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
0.2 The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
0.4 Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure? You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
0.0 One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
0.375 There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
0.25 The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never generates enough tension due to preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
0.125 Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time. It's not merely bad; it's unpleasant in a hostile way.
0.2 Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
0.2 There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
0.2 If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
0.2 A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
0.0 Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
0.0 Blame this mess on Travolta.
0.5 If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
0.0 The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
0.3 This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
0.1 AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS! IT BURNS!
0.25 Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
0.375 It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
0.0 finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
0.0 Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
0.2 O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
0.5 Ah, it ain't really that terrible.
0.4 You never care about anyone as they give their lives to save humanity. Ho hum. That's the worst crime in this otherwise so-bad-it's-good mess.
0.5 The story is quite weak, with the pace all over the place.
0.2 Every bit as bad as its reputation implies.
0.0 Clearly, at no point did anyone say, "Man, this is a steaming pile of hangover dung - why don't we fix it?"
0.2 A botched adventure that looks suspiciously like any number of other sci-fi tales you will have seen, and pales instantly by the comparison.
0.25 Legions of science-fiction fans will feel compelled to approach the ticket booth and scream for a refund.
0.25 Travolta's performance isn't even bad enough to be campy; it's just bad.
0.6 The end result is a high-budget star vehicle with big special effects that looks in every other way like any one of over a hundred other nameless low-budget post-Apocalyptic science fiction movies that have been made in the last 30 years or so.
0.625 Is it worth seeing once? Sure.
0.7 Despite starting off like a bad Star Trek episode, this film eventually graduates to a higher level.
0.125 Looking back on this film, I can't find anything nice to say about it.
0.4 A disaster of epic proportions.
0.125 John Travolta and Forest Whitaker do some Hollywood slumming in this tenement of a sci-fi thriller. (10-year-olds may enjoy.)
0.25 Is it as bad as advertised? Oh yes, very much so.
0.625 The characters are so deliciously absurd.
0.3 They brought it into existence, this hellbeast of a movie, this monstrosity, this slap in the face of all that is good and right and beautiful and sweet and gentle. Oh, the humanity! Hide the children's eyes!
0.39 Travolta and his fellow bad guy (played by Forest Whitaker) spend an inordinate amount of time cackling and showing off poor oral hygiene.
0.1 Now that it's finally on the screen, we discover that the science-fiction epic Travolta considered a Holy Grail is silly junk.
0.25 A pretty terrible film.
0.2 If you are the type of person who likes to watch traffic accidents, then this is for you.
0.3 Didn't anyone stand up at a production meeting to say that the script is idiotic? That the movie steals unashamedly from countless other sci-fi movies?
0.25 A noisy, chaotic, sloppily edited and embarrassingly banal and derivative saga.
0.4 The movie is so outrageously, spectacularly, unbelievably bad that we stare at it with some sort of appalled curiosity. It fails on so many levels that it's fascinating, although not so much that I'd sit through it again.
0.375 Deeply dumb, depressingly derivative and just plain nonsense.
0.0 Simply put, Battlefield Earth is the worst film I've seen in over 10 years, and believe me, that's saying a lot.
0.5 The movie plays like an uglier, Earth-bound Star Wars, interrupted by frequent Psychlo temper tantrums.
0.0 It's so unbelievably and egregiously bad, you have to wonder if they did it on purpose.
0.2 Battlefield Earth should be shown only at maximum-security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior.
0.0 Battlefield Earth bathes in a pool of utter ridiculousness and cheesy visual styles, then stands up expecting everyone to admire it
0.125 The leader bares a resemblance to Andy Rooney of 60 Minutes, eyebrows and all. It would have been apropos for him to look into the camera and say, 'Don't you just hate it when you waste money on really stupid movies with cheesy special effects?'
0.0 I hated this movie, and I had a great time doing it.
0.125 It's probably obvious by now that Battlefield Earth is far from cerebral or anything even remotely serious.
0.5 Battlefield Earth is long and tedious.
0.2 So overwrought, overacted and overwhelmingly inept that it must be seen to be believed.
0.25 While the look is cool -- like a tinted B&W film, all washes of green, blue, amber and red -- the story's broad strokes are painfully cliched and its details make no sense at all.
0.5 The plot depends on the most ludicrous decisions and senseless actions ever made by a thinking race.
0.375 The only people this film could recruit are members of the rock band Kiss, who, with their high-heeled boots and face paint, might figure they've got a spot if this alien thing ever really came down.
0.3 It will no doubt take a place of honor in the proud pantheon of 'What Were They Thinking?' cinema, right alongside The Postman and Howard the Duck.
0.2 As for the allegation that this boring movie will recruit youth -- I doubt it!
0.2 Christian has chosen ... the sneaky trick ... of making ... the film ... so ... plodding ... that you'll leave ... the theater ... wondering ... whether ... 1,000 years ... have ... passed ... since ... you ... went ... in.
0.0 It can stand as the quintessential example of big moviemaking ineptitude.
0.0 A disaster of epic proportions!
0.0 I cannot help but think that maybe [Travolta's] laughing that he was able to sucker people into pouring millions of dollars toward making such an unspeakable waste.
0.4 More violence than plot...and lots of LEGO tie-ins.
0.5 We get so used to foreign filmmakers giving us original twists on genres like horror it's disappointing to be reminded that they can be banal and derivative too.
0.5 Every new zombie movie, however, has to be a little bit different than the one that came before it. Otherwise, it wouldn't be horrifying or much fun.
0.625 It's almost endearing how little Wirkola disguises his thefts from the gore-fests of Raimi, Peter Jackson and George A. Romero.
0.625 ...gorehounds will undoubtedly be willing to overlook the movie's various flaws once the admittedly stellar third act rolls around.
0.7 The sprightliest movie about mowing down revenants with a chainsaw that you are are ever likely to see.
0.75 The Norwegian Nazi-zombie movie Dead Snow is quite the jolly mountain holiday, pitting a group of medical students against a battalion of undead, unpleasant and unstoppable German soldiers hellbent on ruining a perfectly good Easter vacation.
0.5 This splatter film is set in Norway, but rest assured, it sticks with the formula.
0.625 If Mystery Science Theater 3000 had never existed, Dead Snow would have had to invent it.
0.6 Those undead baddies, allegedly flash-frozen since World War II, are kind of unique, but they don't make up for the sense of deja vu one feels watching the rest of Wirkola's bloody vacation-from-hell-athon.
0.675 A mindlessly entertaining horror film that starts off slow and dull, but, midway, it turns into a tongue-in-cheek, gory and guilty pleasure that will please avid horror fans. For maximum enjoyment, see it late at night with a large group of friends...
0.53 Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be.
0.6 Despite some dry humor, this is no-frills horror, from the hacked limbs to the gouged eyes.
0.75 [Director] Wirkola keeps the narrative taut, wasting not a frame; and he throws in funny moments, one involving a Nazi's icky intestine. Matt Weston's cinematography adds to the twisted charm.
0.4 Trust me, either this isn't your kind of movie at all or you've seen everything here done better and with fewer metaphoric quotation marks hovering over it.
0.6 Chomp-chomp, zip-zip go the Nazi zombies in Dead Snow, a self-consciously outlandish horror flick.
0.625 If you're in the mood for splatter, well, any film in which someone avoids a nasty fall by grabbing not a rope but a slowly unwinding intestine is certainly in the mood to deliver it.
0.7 Told in three completely different acts and styles, Dead Snow is like a primer of how the last 30 years of Hollywood horror has redefined the international scary movie landscape.
0.6 The movie definitely delivers in the gore department. The movie's problem -- you knew there had to be one -- is its uncertain tone.
0.75 Hitler of the Dead!
0.625 If you tamp down your expectations there is a storm of scary fun to be had in this Scandinavian splatterfest.
0.7 Finally a terrified 20-something has the opportunity to dangle off a cliff while hanging by the intestines of a Nazi zombie.
0.5 Norwegian zombie film is pretty standard, by-the-numbers fare, so generic it might as well have been shot by a soulless Hollywood studio.
0.6 DEAD SNOW is done with sufficient style to keep it interesting, but a little originality would have gone a long way.
0.75 Hematophagous audiences dissatisfied with Drag Me to Hell could do worse for a double feature than Dead Snow, a Norwegian love letter to American camp-horror.
0.7 It's a nice zombie confection with a smirking swirl...basically a love letter to Sam Raimi's first two Evil Dead films.
0.375 Dead Snow features a great premise - Nazi zombies! - and literally nothing else for horror hounds to chew on.
0.5 how does one ever live up to the promise of Nazi zombies?
0.8 Director Wirkola obviously knows the zombie genre inside out %u2013 and isn't afraid to pull its innards out farther than they've been pulled before.
0.7 Although not exactly all that scary, Dead Snow earns big points for enthusiasm, creativity, and a powerful devotion to all things ultra-splattery.
0.5 Blomkamp is clearly a man of ideas, but with the exception of District 9, he has been unable to fully articulate those ideas through character and action, a problem that is unfortunately confirmed by Chappie's muddled themes and misguided tonal shifts.
0.8 Superbly satisfying on many levels, Chappie might be one of the best movies of the year.
0.3 An astonishing, overstuffed mess, with at least two wholly different plotlines for two completely different movies.
0.6 Chappie the character is endearing enough to elevate Chappie the movie and help overcome some of the film's deficiencies.
0.5 It's noisy, bloated, confused, derivative, singularly lacking in point and occasionally obnoxious. But at worst, it's just a forgettable mediocrity -- not some kind of crime against humanity.
0.5 While not an entirely brainless experiment, too many scrap parts in the script lead Chappie and its cast astray
0.7 Three films into his career, Blomkamp has proven himself as a storyteller with a lot on his mind.
0.5 If only our hero were likable or emotionally compelling, viewers might be able to overlook Blomkamp's frenzied, overreaching plot.
0.4 Chops together familiar ideas and design from many far better features.
0.6 Blomkamp's strength lies in his unabashed populism, an extension of his sympathy with the underdog.
0.7 Violent and disturbing, especially in the implications of its quite brilliant final twist.
0.5 Neill Blomksmp's stylish heavy-metal hardware short-circuits into chaos.
0.7 The emotional power of Chappie's portrayal makes it stirring to watch but it just doesn't feel like enough care was taken with the rest of the film surrounding the robot.
0.4 With 'Chappie,' Blomkamp doesn't have a lot to say, which leaves us with a movie that is all shell and no heart.
0.6 The robot Chappie is brought to life awesomely by actor Sharlto Copley and the boffins at WETA, and much of your tolerance for the film will hinge on whether you find Die Antwoord endearing or not.
0.8 The robot works, and so, too, does Blomkamp's movie.
0.625 [Blomkamp is] back on track with Chappie, the latest in a long line of films about how artificial intelligence inevitably morphs into something far beyond what its Makers -- er, programmers -- intended, sometimes with a sinister turn, sometimes not.
0.4 It's a film that knows and loves science-fiction cinema: its grimy dystopian milieu and social conscience marries it, perhaps too closely, to the director's previous films.
0.5 The execution of the Chappie character is idiotic, Blomkamp trying to wring laughs out of a robot that spews pidgin-gangster jargon and swaggers while clutching its groin.
0.375 While the visual effects are spectacularly seamless, they're in the service of a movie which devolves from vaguely funny to just-plain silly to numbingly gory.
0.6 Here comes the elevator pitch: it's Three Men and a Baby meets Short Circuit via Robocop minus the satire. Bonkers, right? Wait, come back!
0.3 Modern fairy tale, vision of sci-fi dystopia or dark comedy; like the identity crisis of the film's robot, Chappie suffers from not knowing what it wants to be and a script full of dialog for simpletons and nonsensical moments galore doesn't help
0.6 Too tonally conflicted to engage our sympathies.
0.5 Too enthralled by the urgent rush of scenario to pause for the contemplation. It is one of those movies that reacts before it thinks.
0.5 ...an R-rated fairy tale with...technology as magic. While 'Chappie' is easy to love, his film fails to elicit the same emotion.
0.6 There are some great ideas here but they are sadly undermined by a script with a fluctuating level of intelligence.
0.4 There are flashes of genius in this recycled robot movie but if feels like Blompkamp is running worryingly short of ideas.
0.375 You may find yourself wanting every character in this thing to die horribly. And quickly.
0.5 It looks like writer-director Neill Blomkamp might be a one-trick pony ... and that one trick was District 9.
0.375 ..most of the tonal choices made to flesh this out are disastrous.
0.8 ...this film surprised the heck out of me...a lot of action but is still appealing and humorous at the same time, with some sub-themes of personal identity and the ability to take control of one's own existence.
0.6 Vince can't sell his robot to the police because -- get this -- it has too many guns. Bring that bad boy to America, dude. We'll have it inside day care centers in a week.
0.5 There's material in Chappie for a worthwhile motion picture but too little is explored by Blomkamp to make this worth a trip to a theater.
0.7 Chappie succeeds in Blomkamp's goal: exploring a heightened version of childhood development told through the lens of gritty science-fiction and gangster stereotypes.
0.4 Chappie is the second movie in a row in which Blomkamp fails at both social commentary and basic storytelling.
0.2 It may be too sloppy and indulgent to actually call good, but that still leaves room for words like heartfelt, trippy, personal, and even admirable.
0.625 The film has a sly sense of humor and style to spare; the production design seamlessly integrates futuristic tropes and industrial decay. It just collapses in the third act.
0.4 Blomkamp stages engaging action sequences, but his film's tone switches from violence to campy to drama with dizzying frequency, as the story bounces from interesting, to predictable, to highly illogical, to just plain dumb.
0.375 Uncommonly annoying. Chappie tries to combine the silly sweetness of Short Circuit with the grim, violent satire of RoboCop, and that proves to be as disastrous as it sounds.
0.6 Chappie is an ambitious futuristic epic that struggles to balance its more philosophical elements with Blomkamp's cartoonish instinct to blow everything to smithereens. Not exactly subtle but still a watchable guilty pleasure.
0.4 As I listened to all this, and periodically checked how much time was left, I couldn't help reflecting that where I come from, Chappie is a dog's dinner.
0.6 The dialogue is simplistic but the film is atmospheric and fitfully entertaining, thanks largely to the charms of Visser and Sharlto Copley, who plays Chappie via motion capture.
0.6 I didn't think there was room in my heart for another kind-bot-in-a-cruel-world. I was wrong.
0.38 Jackman and Patel are largely wasted in their one-note roles, and you'll barely notice Sigourney Weaver
0.625 This is a well-meaning film with a good idea that unfortunately stumbles on its way to its less-than-satisfying end.
0.5 One of those incongruous Franken-films that's simultaneously bombastically brutal and treacly.
0.95 This is Neill Blomkamp's best film since District 9. Despite this being a film that revolves around robots and artificial intelligence, Chappie is one of the most pure, genuine, and heartfelt films to come along this year.
0.625 'Chappie' has a strong first reel and a satisfying conclusion. (Director Neill) Blomkamp should have sought rewrites and an editor for the sequences in between.
0.4 Underwhelming robot sci-fi thriller is really violent.
0.75 "Chappie" takes a step back, and rather than pointing an angry finger at human greed, brutality and cowardice, it turns around and suggests that compassion is far more powerful.
0.25 At one point, an anguished Chappie screams out "Why do you humans do this?"-while he is theoretically commenting on the inhumanity of man at this point, I couldn't help but think of it as his plaintive comment on the film as a whole.
0.625 All told, the film has a lot of entertainment value, even if it leaves you feeling somewhat unsatisfied.
0.25 A loud and unpleasant "RoboCop" rehash that gives us no one to root for and nothing to think about.
0.7 Neill Blomkamp rips off themes from better flicks like RoboCop and Short Circuit, adds language, violence and his unique style. If it's your thing, it's not bad.
0.25 Chappie kind of looks like Johnny 5 on steroids! Sadly, the steroids have taken away all of his charm.
0.5 If Chappie director Neill Blomkamp's potential sinks any faster he'll be in M. Night Shyamalan territory before too long.
0.4 This admirable misfire is often endearing and Chappie is creatively designed and feels real, but an unsophisticated approach to its subject matter combined with the slight characterisations edges it perilously close to the scrapheap.
0.5 Low on meaning, but full of high-velocity chases, helicopter pursuits, and weapons blasting around empty warehouses marred by graffiti and trash.
0.25 I haven't been as happy to see a movie end since the third "Transformers."
0.6 Perhaps it's a good thing that Neill Blomkamp is moving on to direct an Alien sequel because he's in serious need of a change of scenery.
0.5 Ultimately, "Chappie" is about someone whom you know to have better instincts that you hope win out in the end. After this, you'll feel the same about Blomkamp. It's the kind of bad from which he can bounce back ... but damn, does it hurt to watch.
0.25 Sci-fi filmmaker Neill Blomkamp bolts together used and stolen parts for his robot movie Chappie, and the lamentable result is far from riveting.
0.4 There are some clever and provocative ideas about artificial intelligence swirling around in Chappie, the latest feature from the District 9 director Neill Blomkamp, but much of the film is derivative and messy.
0.2 Neill Blomkamp's choice of having Ninja and Yolandi Visser (or Vi$$er to be accurate), from the South African rap-rave band Die Antwoord, play, essentially, grotesque versions of themselves is disastrous -- a film-sinking folly.
0.6 Forget motion capture. This could have done with a bit of emotion capture.
0.4 Chappie struggles not to overplay its philosophical questions, but at the expense of never really letting them land.
0.5 Just when the movie seems to be hitting its stride, Blomkamp and Tatchell fall back on the reliable and the expected.
0.6 A techno thriller about the life of a sentient robot on the mean streets of Johannesburg
0.5 It's just a shame that poor Chappie is stuck in a patchwork collection of cliches and, one can only presume, aspects from Blomkamp's favorite '80s sci-fi films.
0.625 There are some plot-twisting musings on mortality and the soul that are thoughtful, sure. But they aren't thought through half as fully as Blomkamp's ultraviolent battle choreography.
0.6 Never mind that Weaver and Jackman are totally wasted or the laughable lapses in logic, or that it lacks the social resonance of District 9. It's a fun little ride, for at least part of the way.
0.5 the contrived, confusing mess that's the result speaks volumes for Blomkamp's future in film... as of now, he's fresh out of original ideas
0.375 Like Chappie, the movie seems human, but has a cold metal heart.
0.4 Chappie sets itself up to be a truly breathtaking study of robot and human relations, but just fails to move or compel the audience.
0.4 "Chappie" is as subtle as a sledgehammer. The latest sci-fi action spectacle from "District 9" and "Elysium" director Neill Blomkamp is also sprawling, bombastic, deafening, ugly and ultra-violent.
0.375 There are some nice special-effects here, and great production design, but Blomkamp forgot to give us any characters to latch onto.
0.625 The concept is undeniably compelling, but portions of this dystopian action thriller begin to feel like a video game.
0.375 A giant step backward for this once promising filmmaker, a big, dumb blockbuster that's indistinguishable from so many others that roll off the Hollywood assembly line.
0.5 I'd hate to think that a machine could ever replace a film critic, but I'd be curious to know what Chappie would think of Chappie. So much about the film doesn't compute.
0.125 "Chappie" is sappy. There's a better rhyme but it's not a word used in family newspapers.
0.65 Featuring a lot of what we have come to expect from Blomkamp in both style and substance, the District 9 director's latest epic is high on heart but low on brains, forgetting that we actually need both to make life happen.
0.375 Sadly, Blomkamp's ideas feel depleted this time, dulled by repetition and other cinematic droids that stretch from HAL 9000 to Ultron. Instead of awe, we get E.T.-aww.
0.6 The little-robot-who-could is a combination of Sharlto Copley's performance capture work and visual effects artistry, and the end result is remarkable.That may well be enough for Blomkamp fans, but anyone else can expect to be disappointed by Chappie.
0.76 Whether you choose to view Blomkamp's vision of our future as inevitable or as a cautionary tale, Chappie, as with Blomkamp's other films before it, does an excellent job of making the pitfalls explicit.
0.25 The film's exasperating atonality washes out any legitimate idea about identity, education, nature versus nurture, or artificial intelligence that Neill Blomkamp hoped to evince.
0.2 It's the audience that's being programmed [here] ... Blomkamp is an outrageously derivative filmmaker, but District 9 is a paragon of originality next to Chappie.
0.8 So kinetic, so captivatingly crackerjack that attention deficit is no danger for the audience even if it is for the artist.
0.25 If Bono directed films, he'd be Neill Blomkamp.
0.6 Coming on at times like District 9.5, Blomkamp's third movie has just about enough spectacle and quirk to overcome some fairly major flaws, not least of which is an unappealing central trio.
0.4 By the time the plot skitters completely off the rails, that Chappie is Blomkamp's best movie is compelling evidence that he shouldn't be the one making them.
0.6 Like its title character, Chappie is stunning to behold and easy to like, but it's still some way from fully developed.
0.0 A misjudgment from metallic head to titanium toe.
0.75 That you can't quite say exactly what "Chappie" means, but you know and feel that it means something, tells you that it's operating on a level beyond consciousness. It's what makes it a work of art.
0.5 Developments become increasingly implausible, even for the world Blomkamp has created. Jackman grows increasingly cartoonish, Weaver is wasted and Patel just sort of exists ...
0.6 This is a terrific small film about artificial intelligence wrapped within a much bigger, less involving action blockbuster.
0.2 Comes across like a work in progress that no sane viewer would wish any closer to completion
0.4 Blomkamp's a far better observer of technological behavior than human behavior; he understands design, but not designers.
0.625 Technically auspicious and socially conscious as only writer-director Neill Blomkamp can be, "Chappie" is exceedingly easy to admire if a little more difficult to fully embrace.
0.4 Can't seem to put the pieces together properly, and Chappie ends up being [Blomkamp's] weakest work yet.
0.9 ...a welcome addition to the long and rich history of the robot in science fiction films.
0.6 An uneasy mix of action and philosophy, with simplistic notions of good and evil and mother love proving to be a distraction from the main event.
0.5 Blomkamp's third straight sci-fi thriller with a social conscience fails to reach its concept's ambition with much intelligence or insight.
0.8 Often riveting and always entertaining.
0.5 The picture isn't good enough to earn my full-throated defense. A half-hearted defense will have to do.
0.6 After the disappointment of Elysium, Blomkamp is back on his game.
0.6 A brawny, inventive action romp that's as happy firing rockets at helicopters as it is contemplating the Cartesian model of mind-body dualism.
0.6 Chappie may not scale the heights of Blomkamp's Oscar-nominated debut District 9, but it's still an enjoyable blockbuster that's stylishly-made and doesn't scrimp on entertainment value.
0.8 With its stunning urban landscapes, trash-talking titanium hero and mulleted, God-bothering bad guy (Hugh Jackman, never better), this is hugely entertaining.
0.7 Neill Blomkamp's latest sci-fi spectacular plays a little bit more like a retro mash-up than a fresh and exciting melody. But hey, at least it was mixed by Die Antwoord.
0.25 Excruciating...They gave the "Alien" franchise to this guy?
0.4 Dodgy as it is, there's a nobility and honor to 'Chappie.' Like Copley's probably divisive but game turn, it's committed to a vision.
0.4 You'll be told repeatedly in whispers and shouts, that Chappie has feelings. It's too bad that neither the philosophy nor the pyrotechnics on-screen in "Chappie" can distract you from your own sinking feeling that you've seen almost all of this before.
0.6 Much more than just another martial arts movie.
0.8 Great follow-up to OUATIC. More of a political conspiracy plot than a cultural one, but still has great fight scenes.
0.82 With its ability to maintain a balance between a high standard of intense action and thought-provoking storytelling, Once Upon a Time in China II accomplishes something very few sequels achieve: it outshines the original.
0.6 ...a more controlled, skillfully woven film overflowing with a talented cast and crew.
0.3 The Promise is an over-wrought and laughably goofy film, an empty and pale imitation of the far better films that have gone on before it.
0.7 Faustian bargain with a goddess. Huge armies march. Men out-race the wind. Assassins make devious plots. Spectacular scenes generated largely in computers.
0.25 A queer camp classic.
0.75 A fairy tale for adults that allows the viewer to inhabit an entirely different world, and in doing so, becomes an exercise of the imagination.
0.5 Beautiful but slight.
0.4 An epic fantasy that tries to outdo Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon but doesn't touch us emotionally.
0.375 Chen Kaige may seriously think he's creating film art in his empty Promise, but he's best at slinging bull, lots of them.
0.75 if you can plant your tongue in your cheek and accept the exuberant goofiness of the special effects, "The Promise" actually turns out to be a decently entertaining slash-and-kick flick.
0.5 Just about everything is choppy.
0.4 This isn't nearly as good as it claims to be.
0.625 The finale [is] literally a deus ex machina, which will thrill classic-lit majors but leave everyone else feel cheated.
0.5 Flimsy, fake-looking weaponry, bad wigs, grandiose scoring, overacting, simplistic dialogue, illogically elaborate staging, and a plot that goes out of its way to be predictable...
0.625 Chen's tale of mythic chivalry is filled with beautifully designed sets, lovingly detailed costumes and elaborate martial-arts sequences. Unfortunately, it also sports amateurish digital effects that often mar the beauty of this world.
0.625 With The Promise Chen Kaige has proven enough of a professional that he can make the product. But he remains too much of an artist not to scribble on his signature.
0.5 Chen's strength seems to be more with character-driven stories; here's hoping that his next film returns to more comfortable ground.
0.25 Laden with a plot that could generously be called silly or, less forgivingly, stupid, it never achieves lift-off despite numerous scenes of warriors doing battle in midair.
0.5 Everyone is a maximal design statement plugged into volatile action and pretty scenery, but it might be the deluxe origami folding of a silk diaper, its myth-telling so primal as to seem childish.
0.7 It's another intriguing entry in the sometimes wacky, often wonderful world of kung-fu fantasy.
0.5 It's a colorful, kaleidoscopic film, but it's also far too obvious that the actors are standing in front of green screens.
0.5 Gorgeous costumes, elaborate fights and the illusion of swooning romance don't amount to very much if you don't care about any of the characters for a single second.
0.75 Simply in terms of its visual poetry, the exhilarating effects of image upon image of dazzling impossibility, The Promise is not to be missed.
0.75 [The film elicits] the wide-eyed joy of seeing hundreds of soldiers ride through sets of colossal extravagance. And the sweet release of, briefly, suspending all holds on reality or even logic -- and surrendering to the joys of a fairy tale.
0.125 The Promise employs laughable computer effects and second-rate martial-arts fighting to tell the hard-to-figure story of a princess and her three lovers.
0.625 There's a studied artificiality and painterliness about the backgrounds that works nicely with a story that's about as far from realism as you can get. For many that will be enough. For the rest of us, The Promise slowly slides into an exercise.
0.625 Overwrought and hokey.
0.6 Fish gotta fly, birds gotta swim, and arthouse directors gotta try their hands at mega-budget action films.
0.625 As is evident by the film's strong start and faltering finale, the trouble with any promise is failing to keep it.
0.75 In the midst of such unrelenting splendour, it's easy to nod gratefully -- and then to nod off.
0.5 Much of The Promise resembles a Cirque du Soleil extravaganza, which makes it tough to take seriously.
0.5 Perhaps the least-satisfying of the many martial-arts/costume dramas that have followed in the wake of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
0.625 It's impossible not to be bowled over by the magnificent costumes, the atmospheric otherworldly sets and the lush cinematography. The tragic, nearly operatic love isn't nearly as impressive.
0.625 Oddly, The Promise -- which takes place hundreds, even thousands, of years ago, when art directors ruled the earth -- is flagrantly otherworldly but in a way that somehow weighs the picture down.
0.5 [Chen Kaige] reaches for big ideas about destiny and free will, but those remain philosophical abstractions. (And by the end, the film contradicts itself.)
0.4 One can only hope that Chen takes this as a learning experience and returns to the kind of artistry with which he first forged his very deserved reputation.
0.5 It suggests that talented Chinese directors are being led astray by the seductions of CGI and wirework fantasies.
0.375 A mess of a movie.
0.625 In this era of obsessive and globally connected cult cinema fans, it's foolish to give the movie's core target audience an excuse to skip the theatrical experience for the more 'authentic' home edition available uncut on import DVD.
0.0 It is such a catastrophic failure that it is amazing to consider it was ever allowed out of China and into the global cinemas.
0.625 It's not exactly high art, nor is it zippy fun, but it definitely has something, a lack of pretentiousness perhaps?
0.4 barely delivers the goods necessary for the genre
0.6 Fans of newer Asian martial-arts movies will be satisfied with The Promise, especially because it contains the aerial wirework and swordplay expected of such movies. But the film is not as accomplished as the work of Ang Lee or Yimou Zhang.
0.5 The Promise is far too convoluted, jarringly shifting from fantasy to comedy to tragic romance to war epic without warning, never settling in one place.
0.6 A lavish spectacle somewhere between grand opera and cartoon about a love triangle involving a general, a slave and a cursed princess.
0.375 The producers should have allocated part of their huge budget for a couple of script polishes.
0.375 A princess with a curse, a case of mistaken identity and some of the worst special effects in a film by a world-class director.
0.5 The over-the-top acting is forgivable, but the plot's incoherence is not.
0.375 Chen Kaige's fall from cinematic grace is writ large across his latest epic film, the failed martial-arts romantic drama The Promise.
0.25 The Promise has gorgeous visuals (in these movies, the cherry trees are always in bloom). But it's marred by stuttery storytelling and cruddy special effects.
0.5 A messy fairy tale that speaks to tainted ambition and destiny.
0.625 That Chen is able to somewhat collect himself and the film toward the end just highlights how potentially great the film could have been.
0.9 It's a knockout that works on many levels.
0.6 Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking.
0.875 Garbo is stunning.
0.6 Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm.
0.7 A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917.
0.6 Infernal Affairs III reveals the desperate lengths men will go to protect their covers and to survive the internal agonies of fear, stress and lack of trust.
0.5 It seemingly exists to buff its predecessors' rough spots but only tarnishes their memories.
0.6 A little tastier but still far from a gourmet feast.
0.25 Despite some gratuitous allusions to Gitmo, the third-rate effects and the two-bit characters make this a summer wipeout.
0.3 When Jessica Alba was at the MTV Movie Awards she called Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer the best family/comedy of the summer. That alone should spell disaster for a superhero film.
0.5 It doesn't suck. Or maybe I went into the theater with such low expectations that it couldn't possibly be as bad as my imagination had concocted.
0.6 While the gags are aimed squarely at a family audience, there's nothing wrong with that and this is certainly a film you could take even tiddlers to without worrying they are going to have nightmares later.
0.5 Can't anyone in comic book movies come up with new villains anymore?
0.4 This sequel is out, overall succumbing to the weaknesses of the first movie, which, once again, relegates it to sitting at the kids' table at the gathering of comic book movies.
0.6 Much better than the first; OK for tweens and up.
0.4 For a film that's supposed to be playful, it's an awful, tedious drudge.
0.375 Characters to love, story to hate.
0.8 I have read many of the legitimate criticisms of this sequel, and I agree with them, and I do not care.
0.75 As the Surfer rises, so too does this franchise.
0.625 While not entirely fantastic, this Four is fun, fast-paced, and family friendly.
0.4 A merciful dearth of plot in favor of mindless set pieces, so-so effects work and passable PG-rated humor.
1.0 With the wedding ruined and the future of the world at stake, it's showtime. Suddenly, Tim Story goes CGI crazy delivering scene after scene of edge-of-your-seat action that will make your eyeballs bleed.
0.3 While it might be better than the first one, it still sucks.
0.4 The film's effects people perform many miracles, from draining the River Thames to ensuring that the Thing produces a convincing smile. But one thing they can't do is to make the unfailingly wholesome Mr Fantastic and friends worth worrying about.
0.3 Rise of the Silver Surfer is both relentlessly dull and curiously bombastic.
0.4 Uma experiencia consideravelmente melhor do que o original %u2013 o que, na pratica, e o mesmo que dizer que e "melhor" ser abocanhado por um leao faminto do que por dois.
0.4 somehow Jessica Alba's acting has taken a turn for the worse, and Chris Evans has the audacity to only take his shirt off for three seconds
0.7 The silver surfer is an outstanding competitor for sci-fi superhumanity's best concepts and affords the series a sweeping interplanetary scale.
0.375 The makers of the franchise better find something more interesting for their four heroes to do -- and quick.
0.6 It's PG-rated summer popcorn fluff at its best, and while the new additions might irritate the hardcore FF fanatics, those simply looking for a check-your-brain-at-the-door night out at the movies will certainly surf away satisfied.
0.625 Slightly improved over the original, Rise of the Silver Surfer provides some better-than-average visual effects, but an inconsequential plot.
0.166666666667 The performances are plywooden, the cornball visual gags are groanworthy, and Tim Story still can't direct his way out a sack with a map.
0.6 Fantastic fun.
0.6 ...[this] second episode could hardly help being an improvement.
0.125 Anything more would be cheating the great wide swaths of gibbering no-brow-bia: the baseball-cap-askew-nation, text-messaging their way through the dead spots.
0.4 click for full review
0.6 Impressive not because of anything that's said, but for the realization that you're watching the screen be dominated by Jessica Alba and a piece of CGI without ever once experiencing the urge to gnaw through your own shoulder.
0.5 If ever a film franchise needed to come equipped with a Reboot button, it's this one.
0.7 Far more entertaining and ambitious than its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a surprisingly effective summer movie and a huge improvement over the lackluster 2005 original.
0.4 The good news is that it doesn't think it's Shakespeare, Citizen Kane and grand opera all rolled into one. The bad news is that it still isn't any good.
0.75 Rise of the Silver Surfer isn't a huge improvement, and it doesn't even try to reinvent the wheel, but its minor upgrades here and there make a cumulative difference.
0.5 With its goofy-ass combat scenes and sitcom-level dialogue, Rise of the Silver Surfer is aimed squarely at the 12-and-under crowd.
0.5 Once again, the action feels pedestrian, the special effects simply aren't that special and the acting is nearly nonexistent.
0.375 ...the movie has all the depth of a video game. These aren't people. They're not even interesting characters. They're game pieces.
0.0 The worst comic book adaptation since, well, since Fantastic Four 1. An unimaginative disaster that takes forever to end, as if the celluloid is being stretched by Mr. Fantastic to make the movie last ten times longer than ninety minutes.
0.2 Surfer is just as lousy on every level as its predecessor.
0.375 It's still not fantastic. But I wouldn't be surprised if, eventually, there weren't four of these.
0.4 Sure, the CGI work is all pro and the Silver Surfer effect is a cool visual but the dumb lines and forced chemistry just don't cut it.
0.7 Capably blends action, sci-fi and comedy into one colorful concoction.
0.625 Maintains the tongue-in-cheek quality of the first film without falling into camp.
0.5 The dialogue is dumb drivel, the acting is atrocious and the bodaciously buff title character looks like a shiny hood ornament.
0.7 With a livelier script and stronger production values, this sequel far outdoes the 2004 original.
0.5 Yet another disappointing sequel in a summer filled with far too many of them.
0.5 But for the second film, Story and company have smartly turned to one of Marvel's most intriguing characters, the Silver Surfer (body by Doug Jones, voice courtesy of Laurence Fishburne).
0.75 Rise is exactly what a superhero movie should be: an entertaining, family-friendly popcorn flick with even doses of humor, heroism and heart.
0.5 As far as minor triumphs go, at least Story's disposable film is shrewd enough to understand, embrace, and then stay true to its iconic comic book source material's lighthearted spirit.
0.72 It's interesting how societal change is reflected in movies. Not long ago, a mainstream movie wouldn't have portrayed the legitimate U.S. military openly torturing a prisoner.
0.7 If you liked the first Fantastic Four film, you'll probably enjoy the sequel even more.
0.75 Fantastic? Maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. Thrilling, engaging and totally adequate are more fitting adjectives to the latest superhero special effects bonanza.
0.375 The series needs to find its place or just give up.
0.75 Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a vast and significant improvement -- if not quite "fantastic," then the next best thing: It does not suck.
0.5 If not entirely a downer, this is no topper.
0.625 Like its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer seems intentionally B-grade, a happy gap-filler between more prestigious comic-book films.
0.7 I had a few laughs, I enjoyed the elaborate special effects, the characters are entertaining and unpretentious, and I got out of the theater in about 90 minutes.
0.375 For non comic book fans over the age of 13, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a tedious, incoherent bore. For comic book fans of any age, it is an atrocity.
0.7 something we haven't seen in comic book movies in recent years - an honest attempt to capture the childhood essence of the fantasy
0.75 This is one of those superhero movies in which the superheroes are not nearly as charismatic as the villain. Luckily for this sequel, the Silver Surfer is on the scene.
0.3 Rise of the Silver Surfer is an existentially and aesthetically unnecessary sequel to the equally irrelevant if depressingly successful Fantastic Four.
0.8 The most flat out fun you'll have watching any superhero movie this year.
0.5 Director Tim Story does the same sort of efficient, impersonal job he did on the first movie, keeping things at such a basic, almost childish level that it seems the movie is aimed squarely, if not exclusively, at the 12-and-under set.
0.5 While it's a little bit better than the first FF movie, this one trivializes the epic sci-fi stature of the story with the same bad acting, witless "witty" dialogue and drama-leeching tone.
0.75 Clocking in at a mere yet mighty 92 minutes, this superior sequel to 2005's Fantastic Four skillfully crams loads of action, humor and even (gasp!) character development into its short but sweet flight of comic-book inspired fantasy.
0.4 As was the case with the inept 2005 original, the sequel is a shallow, shoddy, slap-dash mess of ideas and performances.
0.625 In Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, our heroes get what they deserve: a decent action flick with a jolt of visual wow.
0.625 Unlike the recent spate of blackened threequels, those bottom-of-the-bag Spideys and Shreks and Pirates and Oceans, this kernel does pop.
0.75 You don't walk out of Rise of the Silver Surfer feeling as if you've gone three rounds with the Thing. This is a case where getting less than you bargained for feels like a victory.
0.5 Better than its juvenile predecessor.
0.5 As superhero experiences go, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is mundane. It's not funny enough to be a spoof, but it's also not deep enough to hold any intrigue.
0.625 At times silly and then serious, this Fantastic Four is the cinematic equivalent of multiple personality disorder.
0.5 The Marvel comic book this movie is based on was never as sitcom-ish as the two films it's inspired.
0.8 Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is an enjoyable sequel that delivers humour, likeable characters, great special effects and plenty of comic book-style action, though fans hoping for a glimpse of Galactus should prepare for disappointment.
0.6 In the universe of dark and gloomy superheroes, this foursome are still dipping into the lighter side of fantastic.
0.2 Less than fantastic.
0.6 Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, it gets a whole lot better. Fantastic 2 may not hold a candle to Marvel's crown jewels, but by dialling down the camp it at least makes amends for its dreary predecessor.
0.4 It's all quite harmless, the shape-shifting plot does not extend much beyond 90 minutes, and Alba still looks good in a jumpsuit. We've seen it before, we'll see it again.
0.2 too dull to be fun, too inept to be engaging, and too low-rent FX-wise to be dazzling
0.875 Rise of the Silver Surfer is impressively mounted and bursting with playful, spectacular special effects.
0.4 KAPOW! The world's most boring superheroes return to lull us back to sleep in a sequel that could put the makers of Nytol out of business.
0.2 Fantasy pictures needn't be bound by the constraints of real-world logic, but they can't survive the quotidian blandness by which this one is smothered.
0.4 The makers of 'Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer' have managed to improve their storytelling. But that's like saying that "Ghost Rider" improves when viewed in the IMAX format.
0.6 It's all very silly and the Four's life together has all the gravitas of an episode of the Monkees. Entertaining, though.
0.6 DAZZLING GLOBE-SKIPPING, LANDMARK-BASHING ACTION
0.4 Kids will probably have a blast - but pity their parents having to explain afterwards what exactly those American federal agents were doing torturing a gurneyed prisoner in a secret Siberian base.
0.5 The film hinges entirely on these gigantic, yet straightforward, simple conflicts, resulting in little or no emotional involvement in the characters.
0.25 Superficial, unimaginative and inert. The so-called heroes are pompous, one-note caricatures who have the depth of gnats, and are just as irritating.
0.5 A reading from the Books of Marvel...And the Surfer passed through buildings and buses with a squish...And Twentieth Century Fox said that it was good.
0.25 While contemporary superhero movies have evolved to dive deeper into the darker motivations, feeling and actions of the subjects, The Fantastic Four are content to be the hackneyed vaudeville act with old, stale jokes
0.625 The film spends too much time on peripheral distractions and shallow personal problems, and not enough establishing the scope, scale and sense of awe its cosmic events merit.
0.5 ...the film essentially offers up more of the same; more bad jokes, more predictable plot twists, and more ill-conceived action sequences.
0.6 Better than the first one, but that's only taking into consideration that it couldn't possibly have been any worse.
0.6 Everything about this superhero sequel surpasses the original by a long shot.
0.625 Once you accept that Fantastic Four is not trying to be anything deeper than popcorn fare, the ride can be fun -- with an ending more satisfying than Spider-Man 3.
0.5 This follow-up to the much-reviled Fantastic Four is cheerfully stupid, shallow and, frankly, more than a little tedious.
0.6 Earnest, gee-whiz and foursquare, this simple and intentionally inoffensive sequel gets points for being easy to take and scrupulously avoiding obvious sources of irritation.
0.375 Someone should tell Fantastic Four that it's live action and not a cartoon.
0.5 Although FF:ROTSS comes from the same place as Spider-Man (New York, and Marvel editor Stan Lee's noggin), this sequel to the 2005 Fantastic Four debut is lackluster, even by comparison to the lackluster Spider-Man 3.
0.25 The target audience appears to be Cartoon Network fans. Anyone outside that category is likely to find Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer a dull slog no avalanche of razzle-dazzle digital hooey can camouflage.
0.5 The movie plays out like a particularly unfunny, dysfunctional family sitcom and features even less action than its predecessor.
0.625 Unlike many recent superhero movies, Silver Surfer doesn't have a heavy, overblown quality. For the most part, it's light and playful (and short, clocking in at a brisk 90 minutes).
0.75 Rise of the Silver Surfer doesn't aspire to much. It just happens to have the three things it needs -- velocity, artistry and a pretty good story.
0.25 It's not egregiously awful like the first film. Just plain awful in that formula way that kills your spirit and all hope for summer movies.
0.375 Of all the Marvel-spawned screen franchises, the Fantastic Four is the most puerile, reducing as it does this smartly quirky comic book quartet to a fourth-grade primer in dysfunctional family psychology.
0.5 These B-list demigods are so proudly, intergalactically mediocre that both the 2005 original and the follow-up tend to disable my super-snark beam.
0.75 Much better than the original.
0.5 It is passable comic book stuff, dumb and loud. Loud. LOUD.
0.625 When will the people who adapt comic books into films realize that less can be so much more?
0.4 Beyond a few good special-effects sequences - notably the Human Torch chasing the Silver Surfer between skyscrapers, the movie is uniformly vanilla. When the heroes aren't polishing their super-skills, they sit around and complain about their lot in life.
0.5 This humdrum collection of comic book characters ... makes you long for the thrilling adventures of someone called, say, The Accountant.
0.6 Bigger, better and more polished than the first, with a quite satisfactory ratio of action set-pieces and a lot of juvenile japery squarely aimed at its PG and fanboy audience.
0.6 At last! A comic-book block-buster that doesn't feel the need to justify its own existence with ponderous philosophical subtext and bloated running times.
0.6 It takes a while to get going, but once it does, it clips along, entertains, and doesn't overstay its welcome.
0.75 There's plenty of fun and entertainment to be had from Guy Ritchie's take on the character for both fans of Doyle's work and for those just getting to know Holmes and Watson.
0.7 The plot races and roars through a deliciously grungy combination of real sets and CGI for all sorts of big-action scenes in and around turn-of-the-century London.
0.6 Proof that Guy Richie can still make good films, though it's not without flaws.
0.8 Purists can, and certainly will, spend much time arguing how much is true to the material and how much was changed but the rest won't, and shouldn't care. The fact is, Sherlock Holmes is just down right entertaining.
0.7 Ultimately, it achieves what it sets out to do: to entertain.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes has something for everybody; an accessible film is exactly what Guy Ritchie's been looking for.
0.8 In a year in which actioners featured robots with arthritis and sinking ice, Sherlock Holmes might as well be considered a work of genius.
0.6 Le film de Guy Ritchie livre la marchandise, meme s'il semble souvent pris entre deux epoques...
0.6 Elementary, My dear readers. But not in a nice way.
0.64 Ritchie doesn't disappoint, and, if you go in with modest expectations, neither does Sherlock Holmes.
0.75 Like Ritchie's best films, this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy, entertaining romp.
0.6 It's entertaining, but it's also a bit goofy -- Holmes here is a Victorian 007.
0.75 The whole movie is kind of old-fashioned but also kind of modern at the same time, and I think that contrast is a big part of its appeal.
0.6 A character known for his supreme intelligence should not be trapped in such a dumbed-down plot.
0.85 Guy Ritchie's noisy steampunk mauling of Arthur Conan Doyle's character is great galloping fun if ultimately slighter and less nervy than we might have hoped. Still, Robert Downey Jr. is great fun to watch and Jude Law has a clue.
0.75 Sherlock Holmes is neither a cookie-cutter blockbuster nor insulting to the source material.
0.7 What Ritchie and Downey do is embroider and magnify the traits Conan Doyle had already given the characters.
0.625 Ritchie mounts some impressively exciting action sequences, then bathes everything in dingy browns and grays to achieve an unappealing Victorian griminess.
0.6 Mas que un relato detectivesco (la trama "policial" es lo menos convincente e interesante de la pelicula) se trata de una entretenidisima comedia en la que Sherlock Holmes y John Watson son algo asi como Starsky y Hutch en el Londres victoriano.
0.3 A loud, stupid film.
0.375 ...a sporadically amusing yet thoroughly tedious misfire of nigh disastrous proportions.
0.5 Hollywoody-ish-ist Sherlock ever. Downey Jr. and Law are magical though...
0.7 Fortunately, the film doesn't need to rely on its supporting cast too much, because its two leads are absolutely fantastic in their respective roles.
0.5 The film called "Sherlock Holmes" that has been raking in the money at the box office this Christmas season does not really exist at all. It's an illusion. A Jedi Mind Trick.
0.9 With his reckless attitude, Downey Jr may not be the refined Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's conjuring, but this feisty reimagining is strikingly impressive and cements Downey's standing as one of the best actors in Hollywood.
0.6 Ja era hora do ocupante da Baker Street 221B voltar a dar as caras nas telonas a fim de ser apresentado a uma nova geracao -- algo que o cineasta Guy Ritchie faz de maneira divertida e relativamente eficiente.
0.625 Elementary, my dear -- as in, that's what Ritchie's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle's iconic detective ends up being.
0.4 ... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation, jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff.
0.7 Guy Ritchie hit the big time with this flick but there is too much of the gangs of London and too little of the rumpled professor in the character of the famous detective.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is never less than entertaining throughout however, and the marvellous chemistry between the leads practically demands a sequel.
0.6 Essentially, this is Lethal Weapon in ye olde worlde London, which will surely have the purists up in arms, but as buddy flicks go, it's a welcome twist. And certainly Ritchie's best film since Lock, Stock...
0.6 This Sherlock Holmes refuses to take himself seriously. Brilliant, because it allows to RDJ and Ritchie to let rip with their non-traditionalist revamp. Not so great because super-sleuthing loses out to bone-crunching. Either way, the brio is infectious.
0.6 The views of Victorian London are just as seductive as Downey Jr, who exudes an aura of troubled genius, though that's all the information you're likely to retain, as there's rarely a moment to think between all the fights and explosions.
0.6 There is clear chemistry between the leads and watching them bicker is the film's strongest appeal.
0.8 Raucous, rough energy infuses this film from start to finish, carrying us along even when the slightly over-egged script starts to feel somewhat slender. And it's the terrific chemistry between Downey and Law that makes the film worth seeing.
0.6 A visually flashy festive crowd pleaser anchored by Robert Downey Jnr's inherent likeability and on-screen chemistry with Jude Law.
0.4 This balance of brain and brawn skews too far in the wrong direction, with a few too many mindless action sequences overcompensating for the shortcomings of a tedious story.
0.5 Worst of all, this Sherlock Holmes isn't fun.
0.2 No, the problem isn't that the movie makes the Holmes character more of an action hero than Doyle ever intended. It's that it sticks Holmes and Watson into one of the dumbest, most boring stories imaginable.
0.75 while it is tempting to see Downey's portrayal and Ritchie's amped-up aesthetic approach to the material as revisionism for an attention-addled generation, in many ways it is closer in spirit and tone to Doyle's eccentric character
0.5 More indebted to Ritchie's particular brand of stylistically exhausting action-adventure than to Conan Doyle's elegant prose and intensely intellectual anti-hero.
0.7 For the most part, quirky British filmmaker Guy Ritchie has managed to take the character out of mothballs without desecrating Conan Doyle's original vision.
1.0 Make no mistake, Sherlock Holmes is every inch a Guy Ritchie picture -- only it's a Guy Ritchie picture about Sherlock Holmes.
0.76 The film does what it sets out to do, re-establish Holmes as a cinematic hero worth knowing and watching.
0.625 While a fish rots from its head down, a film suffers from the screenplay up -- which is where Sherlock Homes stinks.
0.5 Strahovi da %u0107e Ritchiejev tretman slavnog detektiva predstavljati jo%u0161 jedno holivudsko silovanje kulturne ba%u0161tine uglavnom nisu bili opravdani
0.6 Purists may bemoan its modern slant but those just looking for action and thrills will be entertained
0.7 Downey continues his hot streak of performances %u2014 which by itself is worth the price of admission %u2014 and there's a lot to love about this big screen interpretation of Holmes. Case closed.
0.9 Sherlock Holmes is a solid, enjoyable film with a fun score, a great use of sound and environment, and a trio of confederates you will want to know more of.
0.7 Downey's a joy but, personally, I'll take more Arthur Conan Doyle and less Guy Ritchie.
0.8 A first-rate action adventure movie that provides a near perfect example of how to redress an aging genre franchise for a new audience.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is back. I wish I could say this is the thrill ride of the season. But it's just--a ride of the season.
0.625 Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination, director Guy Ritchie's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare.
0.875 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary sleuth gets a cinematic adrenaline shot for this wildly entertaining and action-packed mystery.
0.75 It's all knotted together, then unraveled with brio, by Holmes and Watson. There are fisticuffs galore, fiery combustion aplenty, and, yes, my dear reader, clever deduction.
0.75 Downey never winks -- hea(TM)s too much of a pro for that -- but like the man hea(TM)s playing, hea(TM)s much, much smarter than the movie hea(TM)s in.
0.3 The title of this picture should be changed immediately to "Robert Downey Jr."
0.75 This latest Holmes -- frequently stripped down to suspenders and pantaloons, the better for bareknuckle brawling -- may displease Arthur Conan Doyle purists but should find favor with audiences eager for a fun, witty action movie.
0.6 [Downey's] more masculine interpretation of the character is never anything less than startling, fresh, and altogether entertaining.
0.75 The delight of Downey and Law in combination proves you don't have to feature a great villain or a complete story if you've got two super heroes.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is certainly entertaining but the Jerry Bruckheimer-type action is too constant, and I didn't feel a consistent flow in the movie.
0.7 Instead of relying of high-tech gadgetry and big-budget Hollywood CGI, Guy Ritchie's gritty Sherlock Holmes does what major films often don't: delivers big-payoff action sequences merely utilizing the body and mind.
0.7 If you can get past the hyperactivity of the film, you should have a good time.
0.8 Playing literature's greatest detective as a sort of self-loathing action hero, Downey has an absolute blast. And thanks to his performance in Sherlock Holmes, so do we.
0.7 To make Holmes palatable to technology addicted, everything's gotta-go-fast moviegoers throw Indiana Jones and Harry Potter themes at the screen and see what sticks.
0.7 Downey Jr. puts a perfect spin on the character in Guy Ritchie's comeback film which contains the greatest slow-motion explosion scene I have ever seen.
0.525 A visually stylish rush of adrenaline with an amusing, engaging performance by Robert Downey, Jr., but there's too much nauseating action and not enough palpable excitement while the mystery itself lacks intrigue and suspense.
1.0 Fueled by director Guy Ritchie's fast-paced action and Robert Downey Jr.'s uncanny skill at inventing his own unique spin on his characters, Sherlock Holmes thoroughly entertains from beginning to end.
0.7 The purists may cringe but those willing to accept this as simply another in a long line of reinterpretations of the Holmes and Watson stories will find much to enjoy,
0.875 Retains the spirit and a surprising number of details from the original source material. A sequel seems elementary.
0.5 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is 'Brokeback Mountain' without the sex and depth of emotion.
0.7 Dazzling visuals and hipster dialogue, but a story that stays true to the original source material.
0.6 Gritty, action-packed take on famous sleuth's adventures.
0.75 The people who made Did You Hear About The Morgans? probably wish they cast Downey and Law instead of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker
0.5 A brutal jackhammer of a movie that's more Jerry Bruckheimer than Sherlock Holmes.
0.8 Holmes and Watson are reinvented as action-movie stars in this infectiously entertaining, rollicking good yarn.
0.25 Dour, slow, and with little to stimulate the mind or the emotions, Sherlock Holmes is a big bust.
0.75 It's one of the more fun, big-budgeted, big-studio films to come around of late.
0.75 In Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. cracks 'The Case of the Perfect Actor.'
0.75 This is a swashbuckling, pratfalling romp designed to make cerebral Holmes purists drop their monocles into their teacups.
0.8 Though purists may balk at Arthur Conan Doyle's literary world being manhandled into a blockbuster by never-subtle director Guy Ritchie, Downey has a winning take on Holmes: He's always on.
0.375 At times, Ritchie and company try so hard to make sure this isn't your father's Sherlock Holmes that it comes across as, well, cartoonish.
1.0 This is rip-roaring action-adventure of high order, a sometimes dizzying but ultimately thrilling display of showmanship on the part of the actors, director and screenwriters.
0.75 Robert Downey Jr. makes a perfect Sherlock Holmes.
0.4 It seems that an evil aristocrat, executed for a series of murders, returns from the dead to mobilize an ancient secret society that he may have time-traveled into a Dan Brown novel to learn about. Doesn't that sound fascinating? I thought not.
0.5 The game is not afoot.
0.5 Guy Ritchie is the worst screenwriter in the world, but, to be fair, he is not the worst director. He is only the worst director of the people who actually get to make movies.
0.875 I enjoyed the hell out of Sherlock Holmes.
0.45 As the new and implausible Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. again lends his eccentric charms and complexly freighted persona to a role that doesn't deserve them.
0.625 As the title character, Downey, Jr. shines...
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a noisy, brutish film that, while forgettable, is at least an entertaining romp.
0.6 Downey Jr. and Law are so good, they make up for the weak mystery.
0.5 Downey, playing the cerebral Holmes as a cleanliness-impaired action hero, and Jude Law, as Dr. Watson, make one yearn fondly for Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
0.8 Rollicking, irreverent, and yet true to the spirit, if not the letter, of the Holmsian canon, this is a version of Holmes that finds the perfect balance between cerebral and spectacle
0.9 If you want to finish 2009 with a fun, entertaining movie %u2013 go see Sherlock Holmes.
0.6 There's a mystery at the heart of Sherlock Holmes and it's not the one the great master of detection has been called on to solve. It's how a film that has so many good things going for it has turned out to be solid but not spectacular.
0.25 Charmless and shapeless, larded down with nonsensical action scenes, witless repartee and a "plot" stitched together by a committee of writers who've watched "The Da Vinci Code" too many times.
0.8 exhilarating
0.625 Pop culture's most enduring sleuth gets a welcome, modernized makeover in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes.
0.625 It's good enough to just sit back and enjoy Downey and Law plays Holmes and Watson as Victorian versions of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
0.625 Yes, this Holmes is leaner and meaner, and Watson (Jude Law) is nearly his equal. But there's still something fussy about the result, as if bobbies had broken up the party at 11:59.
0.75 Put away your period-movie expectations and you just might have a lot of fun. What makes this movie work is actually something very old-fashioned: movie-star chemistry.
0.2 Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary bloodhound of justice given a less than awesome makeover.
0.8 ...just a single casting decision away from being another brilliant update. Instead, it's just a wonderful, if flawed, entertainment.
0.6 Stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
0.5 Guy Ritchie's Holmes reboot feels both too complicated and too elementary, dear Watson.
0.625 Guy Ritchie's frenzied, over-long "reimagining" of the much-adapted Conan Doyle character isn't quite the blasphemy you'd think, thanks to a solid cast and Robert Downey Jr's inherent likability as the title.
0.75 The less I thought about Sherlock Holmes, the more I liked Sherlock Holmes.
0.5 ...didn't entirely click for me, yet there is something to be said for the fact that I'm not dreading the inevitable sequel.
0.375 Who the deuce decided to filter Sherlock Holmes through Batman & Robin?
0.8 A yarn that at times feels like a throwback to the mega-actioners of the '80s, when leads could get away with being incorrigible cards as long as they had someone by their side to keep them grounded.
0.625 Old London, achieved via superb visual effects, is breathtaking in its grimy verisimilitude. And Downey is charming. But his world is jarringly frenetic, in the manner of most Ritchie films.
0.6 It's a pretty darn good time, and easily the best movie Ritchie's made in years.
0.5 The whole film doesn't feel so much like Holmes as a strange and unwanted sequel to Will Smith's Wild Wild West.
0.875 Ritchie's accomplished the feat of resurrecting his career as a pulp stylist (London's Tarantino--you could be called worse)...
0.6 "Sherlock Holmes" may feel a little too modern, more adrenaline than brain-power, more brash than British, but it's an all right action-pleasure if you don't mind that the game's more a-fist than afoot.
0.7 It's not that I would call Sherlock Holmes 'smart,' as I don't think it ever truly is, but rather 'not stupid.'
0.625 This is not your great grandfather's Sherlock Holmes.
0.9 Masterfully crafted by Guy Ritchie, this refreshing take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuth is a great vehicle for Downey to create another distinctively eccentric character.
0.7 Ritchie's new school take on an old school icon is respectful without being overly reverential, loud and fun without becoming dumb and hollow, talky but never slow.
0.75 Full of new revelations about the old British sleuth whose exploits were based on the great Encyclopedia Brown.
0.6 Watching [the] tough, sarcastic Holmes chase the many carrots the film dangles for him is the chief pleasure in this crafty tangle of little clues and tightly wound action.
0.8 This Sherlock Holmes combines dark arts and action, wit and tongue-in-cheek mirth, to feel like a great film adaptation of a comic book version of Holmes.
0.375 This spazzy, sour project is to every previous Holmes picture as the Stephen Sommers Mummy pictures are to the great 1932 creeper The Mummy.
0.5 Not even Sherlock Holmes could make much sense out of the overplotted, murky mess that is Sherlock Holmes, although Arthur Conan Doyle's legendarily brainy detective would probably never buy a ticket to a movie as elephant-footed as this one...
0.625 Given a worthy story, Downey's Holmes might have been memorable. Here, he's an interesting character in search of a worthwhile story.
0.9 a ripping good time at the movies
0.75 The good news is that Ritchie, even as he packs in the explosions and last-minute rescues for the schoolkids, doesn't ignore the shank meat of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's concept -- the esprit enjoyed by Holmes and Dr. Watson as thinking Englishmen.
0.5 Ritchie is all about the whooshing and headbanging, leaving no space between Holmes' words to savor their meaning. Downey is irresistible. The movie, not so much.
0.7 This 21st century re-imagining of Scotland Yard's supersleuth is less Arthur Conan Doyle and more Guy Ritchie. It's elementary that some "game's afoot."
0.6 A fun, action-packed reintroduction to Conan Doyle's classic characters. Part Two should provide more in the way of scope.
0.8 Guy Ritchie combines his kinetic direction with the limitless charms of Downey Jr and Jude Law to come up with terrific entertainment that's equal parts brains and brawn.
0.8 For with time running out on 2009, it's wonderful that one of the old year's last gifts should be a reminder of the superb possibilities of blockbuster cinema.
0.6 Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes is a riot. The director takes on a British institution with a swagger and a wink and the result is boisterous and unabashed fun.
0.4 [Guy Ritchie] has managed to steal hours of precious time belonging to cinemagoers everywhere for his latest silly escapade.
0.6 At two-hours plus, it goes on a bit but Ritchie appears in his element working from someone else's script and Downey Jr brings real verve to role previously known for its starch and conformity.
0.4 The plot is frequently incomprehensible, and Rachel McAdams's poorly photographed femme fatale could be edited out of the picture without making much difference. Most of the time, I hadn't a clue what she was doing, and she didn't seem to either.
0.8 The movie is alive with cinematic magic, played out in an expertly-recreated capital full of grime, grubbiness and occasional grandeur.
0.2 The script here is a pretext for fatuous action pyrotechnics, misfiring comedy, the inevitable star from Central Crumpet Casting and CG jiggery-pokery evoking Ye Olde London. In short: Doc, Sh'lock and Every Scraped Barrel.
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a surprisingly enjoyable action / adventure romp that deserves the sequel it's obviously hoping for.
0.6 The film is Ritchie's most coherent bit of storytelling. The tone is light but not facetious and the pace would be hectic if there weren't so many humdrum lacunae.
0.6 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is effective as a caricatured comedy adventure and shows some fidelity to Arthur Conan Doyle, especially in Downey Jr's portrayal of the eccentric but cold-hearted Holmes.
0.8 Ritchie, Downey Jr and Law have done just about as good a job at reimagining the great sleuth for the modern audiences as one could have hoped.
0.4 It's a hollow attempt at modernisation, and quickly grows dull. Watson's big dilemma - whether to quit his life with Holmes for marriage to lovely Mary has, at heart, all the depth of a Wham! song.
0.6 The film never recovers the head of steam from the opening ... but the Holmes-Watson duo fizzes to the end. On this showing, they deserve another case.
0.6 The pace rarely slackens throughout, the set pieces are explosive, the score relentlessly thunderous. Victorian London is recreated - relying on copious use of computer effects - with an eye for the grimy reality.
1.0 Brisk and brainy reworking of the legendary detective's mythos makes the delightful Robert Downey Jr. into a rumpled, complicated and alternately swashbuckling and pratfalling Holmes for our time.
0.78 At last, Guy Ritchie has found the perfect vessel for his sugar-rush, hyper-kinetic style of filmmaking.
0.6 Extremely violent Elvis-based robbery for 17+ only.
0.25 The Tarantino effect is very much in evidence in this trashy, senseless, and excessively violent actioner about a casino heist that goes uproariously awry.
0.5 ...an incoherent jumble of images...
0.8 Russell and Costner deliver up some of the most amusing portrayals of their careers as casino-robbing Elvis impersonators
0.0 Curse-a-my soul This movie couldn't be worse The prints should be delivered from the back of a Hearse
0.125 It insulted my intelligence, yes, but I still have some hope for the human race after watching it.
0.35 An exciting, action-packed heist sadly followed up by stupid con games and bad relationships.
0.625 While it does contain many action film clich&eacute;s, it also has some quirky characters who give it some charm.
0.4 You WERE expecting helicopters, weren't you?
0.2 I felt like I was there for 3000 hours.
0.375 Wouldn't have a clue about human kindness or romantic passion if they launched up and bit it in the nose.
0.25 It is, in every conceivable instance, over-baked and under-conceived.
0.45 It's not funny, brutally violent, packed with despicable characters and utterly meaningless.
0.4 There is such a thing as too much. And 3KMTG is much too much.
0.3 A grimy, ultra-violent, long and stupidly plotted Quentin Tarantino wanna-be.
0.2 The picture feels longer than Presley's career and as irrelevant as he was by the end.
0.125 It should be banned from theaters on the grounds that anyone unwittingly seeing it is being subjected to cruel and unusual punishment.
0.375 A sour and mean-spirited enterprise so desperate to please, it tries to be a yukky comedy and a hard-boiled action picture at the same time.
0.7 Fairly entertaining.
0.6 There are some plot holes that appear to have been set up to be resolved but just got left hanging when it was recut.
0.3 The smirking dialogue plays especially poorly in juxtaposition with the excessive violence.
0.625 One of the bloodiest and mind-bogglingly dumb action-adventures since the heyday of Steven Seagal.
0.15 Nonsense from its first frame to its last, stupid beyond even the conventions of its genre, it begs the question of responsibility.
0.1 A film that takes a shot at redefining shameless for a new generation.
0.7 The funnest movie that I've seen so far this year!
0.25 It really is true how when you make a copy of a copy of a copy, the most recent one doesn't pack the most quality.
0.4 The actors do what they can with a script that never should have made it across their agents' desks.
0.375 As flat as the Nevada desert where it is set.
0.7 A good ride.
0.3 Graceland even manages to make bad action films look good.
0.5 Yet another mindless, derivative, headache- producing assortment of senseless brutality and unconvincing romance.
0.5 Remains an uneasy, uncomfortable balance between a comedic romp and something remarkably darker.
0.375 Lichtenstein apparently thought quirks such as the sight of Paul 'Having My Baby' Anka firing a rifle would be enough to keep a viewer entertained.
0.8 Generally effective spy thriller with interesting cast
0.9 One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s.
0.8 Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons.
1.0 one of the all time greatest adventure flicks
0.625 Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp. Get used to that. He's all you'll remember from the movie.
0.8 Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years.
0.75 Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings.
0.4 If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie.
0.8 Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up.
0.8 Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood. Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder.
0.75 May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it.
0.9 It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.'
0.875 Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year.
0.9 ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family.
0.9 Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie. It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out. I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen.
0.8 Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character.
0.9 More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap.
0.8 Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty.
0.875 Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel.
1.0 I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie. I honestly felt like a kid again.
0.75 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres'
1.0 Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands. They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank.
0.8 . A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves. You'll have a barrel of fun. .
0.75 ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun.
0.8 Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow.
1.0 ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't have to be direct-to-video.
0.8 Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud.
0.6 Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter. The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over).
0.8 And shiver me timbers, it works. Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan.
0.75 Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year.
0.5 Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches.
0.875 the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer
0.5 Not a sunken wreck by any means. At the same time, not quite summer movie treasure.
0.75 It's never a good sign when source material is based off of something as flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders.
0.9 Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land. ...rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on.
1.0 Wonderful swashbuckling adventure that delivers everything you could possibly want from a pirate movie, plus a little more besides -- jaw-dropping special effects, a superb script and a show-stealing performance from Johnny Depp.
0.7 Johnny Depp plays Jack Sparrow as if Errol Flynn were pretending to be Keith Richards.
0.875 Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean is a rousing action/adventure yarn highlighted by a truly eccentric performance by Johnny Depp.
0.7 The result is something that, to use an analogy here, is like the more outgoing but less thoughtful younger brother of 1998's swashbuckler The Mask of Zorro.
0.75 With prissy swagger and loveable bravado, Depp's a pirate captain who steals your heart.
0.8 Isn't it about time us adults had our own big, explosively dumb, blustery adventure? If I ain't hearing "Aye, matey, I'm on-board," than stay home and re-watch your arty Citizen Kane, ya boring spoilsport!
0.8 This is a superb swashbuckler -- rousing, funny and spectacular.
0.8 Who says they don't make full-on swashbucklers anymore?
0.8 An exciting time at the movies.
0.8 Pirates of the Caribbean is a return to the high seas a la the great adventures of Errol Flynn and Douglas Fairbanks.
0.7 Had Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl no other attributes, the sheer spectacle of Depp would be worth the cost of admission, but shockingly, his cheeky performance is just one bit of a booty bursting with goodies.
0.5 If you've often seen this type of summer fare, you might find this movie tedious
0.8 Pirate adventure is a ridiculously entertaining romp thanks to Johnny Depp's scene-stealing scallywag and Gore Verbinski's directorial hand.
1.0 Pirates packs great sword fights, incredible stunts, piratical doings, a curse, romance, a parrot and a cunningly evil monkey. I can't think of any reason not to see this movie.
0.875 It feels like a cross between Errol Flynn and Monty Python.
0.84 Johnny Depp puts the "swish" back into swishbuckler
0.7 Gore Verbinski's ship is full of great fun and terrific images even if Jerry tries to make it into a Pearl Harbor mess with a way-over lenght and goofy side characters.
0.6 [Depp has] the air of someone who's decided reality is just a bit too much of a chore, he verges on camp and sometimes blithely surrenders to it altogether.
0.625 It's not so much the minor flaws as it is the fact that Pirates of the Caribbean just wasn't enough fun for me.
0.75 AAaarrrghh-uably one of the summer's best!
0.75 Fun -- pure and simple.
0.8 It's something we've been lacking at the cinema for a while now: pure fun.
0.6 Gore Verbinski's direction seems to sway whichever possible way will get the most reaction at any given moment. It's a movie of whim,...[a] hit-or-miss dartboard variety of whatever goes, goes.
0.75 The only special effect Pirates of the Caribbean needed was the eyeliner beneath the unsteady eyes of Johnny Depp.
0.625 While certainly not a bad film, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl nonetheless rates as somewhat of a disappointment, given the talent involved.
0.6 Depp casts a spell every bit as powerful as any demonic bullion.
0.6 Certainly, Pirates has its moments. But it's definitely no 'E' ticket.
0.625 'The Haunted Mansion' with Eddie Murphy is scheduled for Thanksgiving. No word yet about possible movies based on the Enchanted Tiki Room or the spinnning teacups...
0.75 I enjoyed Pirates of the Caribbean enough to recommend it but there are a couple of serious flaws with it that should be addressed.
0.75 We find a few unexpected treasures mildewing away in Jerry Bruckheimer's chest of slimy old cliches: a script that occasionally borders on cleverness, a winningly sleazy performance by Johnny Depp and a considerable sense of style from Gore Verbinski.
0.8 has the feel of a great Saturday matinee: It's almost all 'good parts,' with very few opportunities for expeditions to the concession stand.
0.5 Spooky, atmospheric direction and a colorful turn by Depp clash with the dumbed-down storyline and veritable booty of pirate cliches.
0.4 An overly long adventure that, with some tinkering and editing, could have been more akin to such classics as The Crimson Pirate rather than just a reminder that they exist.
0.875 Not only wildly surpasses its poor expectations, but also stands tall as one of the very best summer movies of all time.
0.5 The movie is marvelously filmed with visual touches recalling fantasy specialists Terry Gilliam and Ray Harryhausen, among others.
0.875 Pirates of the Caribbean is surprisingly good but it probably would not have been half as entertaining if it were not for Johnny Depp's commanding performance as Captain Jack Sparrow.
0.75 Depp...is `Pirates'' loose cannon, and the real reason to see the film.
0.6 Ultimately makes for an enjoyable evening back in the time of pirates, treasures, wenches and Natalie Portman lookalikes in distress.
0.875 Brisk, exciting and, at times, wildly funny, Pirates wisely channels blockbusters of old that didn't have the benefit of more-more-more effects or angst-filled, Daddy-didn't-love-me plotlines.
0.5 It's not that 'Pirates of the endless title: and subtitle' is a bad movie, it's just unremarkable.
0.5 By the end, the film has gone from being a cheesy delight to an aimless, tired smorgasbord of empty action scenes.
1.0 A joy to watch - an adventure, funny, sexy boys, fantastic effects, great story. What do you want, an engraved invitation?
0.625 Pirates is Indiana Jones on the high seas, complete with serial B-movie concept, wall-to-wall action, and fantastic myths come true.
0.875 Pirates will enthrall kids and amuse adults. Its only failing is that at 2 hours and 15 minutes, it's about 20 minutes too long.
0.5 A cleverly nostalgic, high-tech copy of the real deal.
0.4 There is much by way of noise, computer-generated action, big sets and breezy laughs, and practically nothing to intrude on your thought processes afterwards.
0.75 At nearly 2 1/2 hours, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is as ridiculously overlong as its title, but it is also scary fun.
0.75 A fun Disney ride.
0.75 Who knew Johnny Depp was a theme park all by himself?
0.5 Pirates of the Caribbean is a movie that you ride around in circles for 2 hours and 23 minutes, until at last it brings you back where you began, exhausted and a lot dizzier.
0.5 A monotonous, repetitive spectacle of endless shipboard sword fights and pirate ghosts in the moonlight.
0.75 Just imagine spending two hours-plus on a Pirates of the Caribbean ride and you'll get some idea of the approximate sensations that this movie creates.
0.4 Given the movie's dark, dense and overly long nature, I'm not sure it was inspired enough.
0.75 An improbably entertaining, if overlong, adventure that brings new meaning to the term 'summer camp.'
0.8 Rarely serious yet not expressly a comedy, Pirates successfully replicates the hammy cinematics of a Disney theme-park ride.
0.8 A theme park ride has been successfully transferred to the screen.
0.5 Pirates of the Caribbean tends to overstay its welcome.
0.75 While the plot and action are all deliberately familiar, director Gore Verbinski steers a continual course for sheer, mindless, rope-swinging, crow's-nest-hollering summer fun.
0.75 A pretty fun ride all by itself.
0.75 The summer's oddest, most unexpected blockbuster has arrived.
0.75 Depp hijacks -- no, commandeers -- the staginess and special effects, turning Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl into a giddy adventure.
1.0 From stem to stern this rousing adventure shines ship-shape and Bristol fashion.
1.0 Long title. Waaay too long a movie. Other than that, it's flawless entertainment.
0.8 An affectionate, tongue-in-cheek homage to the famous ride and it's just as irreverent and wild as the ride ever was.
0.75 An entertaining flick, but not for the full 2 hours and 20 minutes...seems a bit long.
0.75 This is one of the few summer movies this year that actually feels like a summer movie.
0.75 A movie that charms the audience and then outstays its welcome.
0.75 An exhilaratingly funny movie ride.
0.7 Boasts the season's best production values, first-rate computer-animated special effects and a strong ensemble cast ready to toss your low expectations overboard.
0.75 May not blow you out of the water as the trailer promised, but it delivers enough fun to shiver anyone's timbers.
0.75 ... Pirates is a fantasy excursion that will bring out the Peter Pan in you.
0.25 Yo ho, yo ho! A full refund for me!
0.7 You may need a shot of rum to get through the first 30 minutes, but after that it's rather entertaining.
0.4 Frankly, I thought the film was boring.
0.6 The movie is better than it deserves to be, given its origins: a ride at Disneyland and Disney World.
0.75 A fast-moving, wickedly funny and vividly mounted distraction that brings to mind adventure romps like The Mummy, The Princess Bride and Disney's The Mask of Zorro, with Antonio Banderas.
0.4 As forgettable as a bad day in the Disneyland parking lot.
0.75 Bruckheimer and pals have cobbled together all of the pirate genre's tropes -- the cannonballs, the sword fights, the glittering treasure -- and freshened them up, throwing in a couple of nods to the Disneyland ride for good measure.
0.75 The most entertaining amusement of a summer divided between spectacles that force you to exercise your brain and spectacles that seem to suck the brain right out of your head.
0.75 Pirates of the Caribbean may have taken its nutso inspiration from a theme-park ride. But it has become, without a doubt, its own wild ride.
0.8 [Tackled] in a way that shows they were interested in putting together a solid piece of entertainment, not just a string of action sequences connected by a bad plot.
0.6 Depp easily steals the show, delivering a quirky performance that has him teetering around like a flamboyant dandy with cerebral palsy...
1.0 Never before have I been so thrilled about being so wrong: despite all my early skepticism, Pirates ends up one of the most entertaining movies of the past few years.
0.875 Peg-legs, parrots, hidden treasure, plank-walking, and plunging necklines... Now, that's what a pirate movie is about!
0.875 This is a helluva enjoyable flick that (dare I say it) doesn't require the knowledge of a trip down that old boat ride since it creates its own ride all by itself.
0.75 This movie is a lot more entertaining than the Disney ride itself, and will perhaps stand the test of time -- and repeat viewings -- even more.
0.875 One foot of the film is in Terry Gilliam's ethics of the stratum surreal, with the other in Spielbergian theme park attraction.
0.75 Pirates of the Caribbean has a smart script, an attractive cast, some very creative violence and romance to boot.
0.75 Swashbuckling adventures are few and far between these days, so it's a pleasant surprise to see one that is competently made.
0.8 This rollicking adventure is everything a pirate movie should be -- witty dialogue, double-crosses, swordfights, skeletons and gold coins aplenty.
0.875 I'm now here to eat every bad word I said in anticipation of this movie...it may well be one of the most enjoyable pirate escapades of all time.
0.625 Pirates of the Caribbean is fun -- but only as long as you don't expect much.
0.8 A pirate movie made with a pirate's sensibility for filmmaking.
0.625 Before it becomes redundant, the action is truly fun and classically swashbuckling.
0.5 Would have been a complete nightmare if it weren't for Depp, whose character is an unholy melange of Captain Morgan, Dudley Moore, Keith Richards and Andy Dick.
1.0 POTC: Legend of the Black Pearl is an immediate Disney(TM) Classic. It's a frolicking ten ton treasure chest of swashbuckling summer fun! Watch:Red Carpet Coverage
0.5 Firehouse Dog is a run of the mill kids film. Adults will be fairly bored by it, and how many kids like it depends on how much they like goofy animal tricks.
0.6 Equal parts dog adventure and father-son tale.
0.6 Breezy, silly and energetic, this canine frolic won't win top prize at Crufts, but it should offer an alternative to Pottered-out parents with young pups to please.
0.4 Take the kids and have a nap in the dull bits.
0.4 Firehouse Dog certainly won't be the hottest thing to hit cinemas this summer.
0.6 The dog is as cute as you'd expect, while Hutcherson gives a characteristically believable performance. Adults may not be quite as enamoured, but Firehouse Dog should keep them awake to the end
0.2 Needs hosing down.
0.6 As well as potty humour, this canine Backdraft has its share of adult moments. Mostly, though, it's family fun, with Hutcherson showing he's the go-to kid for sensitive loners.
0.4 I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness, though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag.
0.4 Todd Holland's film manipulates the prickly issues with scant regard for emotional credibility. The sentimentality is ghastly, but Rex has his moments.
0.6 Welcome emotional gravity.
0.4 No matter how you hose it down, it's always gonna smell of wet dog.
0.8 Enjoyable, well made family drama with strong performances, an engaging plot, impressive action sequences and a decent script.
0.71 Neither memorable nor innovative, Firehouse Dog ekes out success by executing a familiar family film formula faithfully.
0.5 It may not set the box office on fire, but this canine caper is more agreeable than your average underdog tale.
0.7 The strong performances and sharp dialog more than make up for some corny effects.
0.4 Perhaps the lesson to be learned is that just because we can use computer technology to give dogs goofy faces, that doesn't mean we should.
0.75 It's not animated.It's not Disney.It's not moronic.And, sadly, that might mean that the entertaining, worthwhile "Firehouse Dog" could go missing.
0.166666666667 We're forced to endure plenty of scatological gags and treacly exchanges between Shane and his distant dad as the film imparts an obvious message about the frivolity of stardom.
0.4 Most of the film sits firmly in a comfort zone of fart jokes and dogs doing cool tricks.
0.375 Almost two hours of tedious vulgarity, which leaves plenty of time to feel sorry for Greenwood, whose efforts to deliver a warm, subtle performance are regularly upstaged by poo jokes and bratty hijinks.
0.4 There were plenty of fart jokes and dog burps to make my kids laugh.
0.6 Scruffy, spirited, family-friendly comedy with too many flatulence jokes and pooch-related puns.
0.4 ...the movie isn't particularly bad, but it's utterly and absolutely insignificant.
0.5 A movie that is probably too intense for younger children yet too simplistic for their older siblings or grownups.
0.5 Concentrates on plot, lots and lots of plot, a butt-numbing 111 minutes of plot with at least six subplots. Unless your child has the patience of a saint, I'd suggest proceeding with caution.
0.3 throws most of its well-chewed bones to the youngest of patrons and treats ticket-purchasing parents like hydrants.
0.5 It's harmless enough for young kids, but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic, instantly forgettable family-friendly feature.
0.5 If it's not the dog of the week, this is surely a bow-wow flick without pedigree.
0.5 Firehouse Dog is credited to three writers, but not one of them seems to have a solitary spark of an idea.
0.6 Despite a clunky start (and pedestrian filmmaking) the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age.
0.625 It's got a formulaic plot, the jokes are middling, and... the acting's nothing to write home about, either. It's acceptable [for kids], if disposable.
0.75 Firehouse Dog has good fire action, an engaging cast and enough vividly shot turns, surprises and bowwow reactions to hold the firm attention of pet lovers from age 5 on up. Go fetch.
0.75 Despite every expected turn of events, this is a real hero story.
0.75 Like a loyal pet, Firehouse Dog ends up being a fun family experience all ages will enjoy.
0.625 A quality dramedy that knows how to satisfy its target audience. Rexxx is talented in tricks and stunts, but this is Josh Hutcherson's film all the way.
0.625 Intertwining more storylines than a dog walker's clutch of leashes, Firehouse Dog nevertheless gets them all neatly resolved, pets in the right hands and wrongdoers in the can.
0.75 It has one of the best -- if not always the most heartwarming -- dog-and-his-boy relationships since Lassie.
0.25 If there was a good idea at the core of this film, it's been buried in an unsightly pile of flatulence jokes, dog-related bad puns and a ridiculous serial arson plot.
0.75 In a film that's effectively the canine version of Doc Hollywood, the title character learns to sift false from true values. It's barking up the right tree.
0.375 You'd be better off taking your kid to visit a dog run for a couple of hours.
0.5 This is an oddly second-rate production for a major-studio release; the underwhelming mystery belongs in a Scooby-Doo episode, and the slapdash direction is just as shaggy.
0.75 Firehouse Dog is a wholesome throwback to a time before computer animators made animals talk and penguins hogged the glory.
0.625 An entertaining family comedy full of both tricks and trickery.
0.375 Is it impossible to make an exciting, warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that doesn't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters?
0.375 Firehouse Dog isn't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses, but at times it's close enough for discomfort.
0.6 In Firehouse Dog a pampered Hollywood pooch trades his movie-star lifestyle for a run-down firehouse sadly in need of a mascot.
0.5 The fun-loving flea-bitten fable Firehouse Dog is a cutesy kiddie comedy that unfortunately barks up the wrong tree.
0.375 ...so overstuffed with heavy themes and convoluted plot lines that it barely manages to squeeze in the requisite gags about canine flatulence.
0.375 Nothing says "family film" like a doggie foursome!
0.5 Had it been made shortly after 9/11, Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud.
0.6 Though it never completely catches fire, there's enough earnestness and warmth that makes it a welcome alternative in a family film arena dominated by computer animation and associated toy lines.
0.8 The real question is: How does it go from setup A to inevitable payoff B? Answer: with humor, humanity and production values a cut above your average boy-and-his-dog movie.
0.4 Firehouse Dog is like that corgi or collie who won't or can't learn a trick. It just lies there, looking cute, gathering fleas.
0.75 Once it figures out it's more drama than comedy, Firehouse Dog does the job.
0.375 ...there's no denying that - as a horror flick - the film fails miserably...
0.8 An exciting adventure, and a lot of fun to watch.
0.25 Somebody call Austin Powers, quick!
0.375 To answer the question at hand, yes, The Avengers is pretty bad. Not slip-a-disk-running-from-the-theater kind of bad, but a shift-in-your-seat, "oh-for-goodness'-sake-get-on-with-it!" kind of bad.
0.4 Fiennes and Thurman look fine in the familiar outfits, but aren't very good at banter, adventure or romance.
0.375 This movie -- gaudy, grandiloquent and often staggeringly silly -- is one more example of how bloated and top-heavy many "event" action movies have become.
0.2 The Avengers is, without a doubt, the worst movie of the summer.
0.375 This big-budget bore looks lovely but is so miscalculated that you can't help but wonder whether anyone involved had ever seen the original.
0.2 The cult 1960s TV series gets royally shafted by Hollywood in this stunningly designed blockbuster that's stunningly awful in every other department.
0.25 This dull spinoff of the 1960s television series has a spectacular cast but little energy and no ideas at all.
0.25 A few things you might consider doing instead of seeing The Avengers: Walking the dog. Turning the compost. Re-grouting the bathtub. Starting your 1999 taxes. Buying a dog. Starting a compost heap.
0.5 Everything that the spy spoof Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery played for laughs, The Avengers treats with earnest, deadly seriousness. This is a mixed blessing.
0.2 An unmitigated disaster.
0.25 The Avengers is so bad it even elicits a horrible -- even embarrassing -- performance from Sean Connery.
0.2 A horrifyingly bad movie by any measure; but it feels like the graphic proof of a vicious God in comparison to the television show.
0.2 Thoroughly and consistently awful.
0.5 Running a scant 90 minutes, it often feels as if a couple reels ended up on the cutting-room floor. Connery is absolutely delightful, though.
0.2 Finnes and Thurman look great as agents John Steed and Emma Peel who set out to thwart Connery's diabolical scheme, but they have zilch for chemistry.
0.8 Having finally been forced to watch the big screen version of the classic '60s British TV series, I have to confess that I thought it was a lot of well-intended fun.
0.25 To say Fiennes and Thurman don't have the chemistry of Macnee and Rigg isn't enough. They don't have the chemistry of Don Adams and Barbara Feldon. They don't have the chemistry of Boris and Natasha.
0.375 The writing is unfortunate, attempting clever repartee between the attractive stars, but just succeeding in making everyone slightly embarrassed.
0.7 Its two stars, Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, rise to the occasion and create an amusingly proper version of the high-impact spy story, while generating just enough sexual tension to keep us interested.
0.1 It will suck life force from you.
0.5 The Avengers throws tons of wild things at you, but there's absolutely no logic to it.
0.2 I had heard it was bad... but this is downright silly.
0.0 Oh, I am so angry I paid full price! Don't make the same mistake I did! I can save you the trouble and pain and bitterness. Listen to me. Don't go see it!
0.25 As bad as it is, though, I didn't hate The Avengers; I felt sorry for it.
0.125 Scenes evaporate before your very eyes. Bad puns roll off the heroes and anti-hero's tongues and lay dead before your feet.
0.5 The result is certainly fast moving, but confusing and off-putting as well.
0.2 It is not in any way camp. And without the camp you only have smarmy, sexist and stupid.
0.48 Once you get past the beauty of the leads, a couple of impressive looking sets and the impoverished, atrocious punnery, you are stuck with a tap-water tea movie.
0.3 Words like "bad" don't even do The Avengers justice. It's time to haul out the big guns, like "appalling."
0.7 This movie's got a truckload of style, a bunch of funky fashions and mod retro-fun, a decent amount of action, but less than I would have expected.
0.25 This film is an absolute mess. It looks like the regurgitated leavings of something watchable, a cinematic abomination that got pulled apart and put back together so many times that it lost all semblance of coherence.
0.1 Seek out the show and you can enjoy one of the highlights of 60's pop culture entertainment while avoiding one of the low points of the 90's.
0.3 The Avengers is out of place in our current cinema of excess; even Mrs. Peel's laudably skintight catsuit is played far too seriously.
0.0 It's appallingly awful!
0.0 DeWynter and his conspirators, seated at a long table, are all wearing fuzzy teddy bear suits, each in a different color of the rainbow. Everyone together now: WHAT THE F**K?
0.5 Okay, it's not that bad. But it's close.
0.2 There's only one thing this movie has going for it--and you guessed it: Thurman in a catsuit.
0.375 This picture is so busy being slick, stylish and surreal it doesn't even try to make sense.
0.375 The movie is so disorganized that I'm not even sure what it was supposed to be about.
0.375 As expected, it's a stink bomb.
0.25 The TV series was a character-driven entertainment about two charming spies. The movie is an idiocy-driven 90 minutes of torture dreamed up by people who have no new ideas of their own.
0.375 This film's viewers must be avenged
0.0 You may think you're ready for the possibility that a film could be bad, but little can prepare you for something as pointless, smug and misguided as The Avengers.
0.4 It may be an "all-black" Western, but Brothers in Arms would have been pretty darn laughable with actors of any race, creed, or color.
0.75 Alexander, a political writer and radio host, gets riveting, emotional confessionals from the veterans.
0.75 The documentary is well edited, well paced, and feels genuine. It's educational, important and enjoyable independent of the Kerry campaign.
0.5 Basically a longer, less slick version of the official Kerry profile unveiled at the Democratic National Convention.
0.55 Tellingly, [John] Kerry is a much more compelling speaker during a 1970s protest rally than in the contemporary footage, where he carefully chooses his words.
0.625 The four men offer powerful eyewitness testimony against the subsequent charges that Kerry didn't deserve his Silver Star for courage and his three Purple Hearts.
0.8 Filmed before the Swift boat veterans brouhaha, Paul Alexander's partisan documentary is effective filmmaking.
1.0 The movie's main contribution is its fresh look at the Vietnam War, being refought in the Kerry-Bush presidential campaign at the time of the film's release.
0.8 a big heap of fun
0.625 Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people. [Blu-ray]
0.8 A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
0.6 Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
0.625 The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
0.4 By the book buddy-buddy movie. This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
0.625 ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
0.4 How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
0.6 Chris Tucker is the man.
0.4 A disappointment.
0.7 By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not provide anything inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
0.6 Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not so heavily based on other successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
0.8 A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
0.75 Terrific entertainment.
0.75 Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
0.8 A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
0.6 Chan is as sweet and charming as ever. Tucker makes an excellent foil. And things blow up.
0.625 Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago. Let's hope not.
0.8 Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
0.8 Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film. Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
0.5 As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
0.4 The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that many people stayed in the theater long enough to laugh.
0.5 Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
0.65 Chan is amazing to watch.
0.5 ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
0.5 Doesn't feature nearly enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
0.4 While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his myriad talents.
0.5 If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
0.4 It's all pretty bland.
0.625 The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
0.8 [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties. Let's hope so.
0.75 Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
0.75 Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
0.75 You won't be disappointed.
0.7 Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
0.75 Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker make an entertaining team!
0.7 A kick-happy buddy film!
0.7 This is a very open-faced and easy to watch film, which would make it fun whilst glancing up at the tube now and again in the middle of doing something else.
0.75 What's surprising is that though this should be crap, and perhaps it is, it doesn't come off that way. The reason is because of Chan and Tucker.
0.625 While it is cartoonish, it also is fun, and that is due mostly to Chan.
0.7 Surprisingly enough, the trailer's funny--and the movie's even funnier.
0.7 Rush Hour is a lot of fun!
0.7 Funny movie chopped full of action, lacks an original concept and plot line, but comes through with hilarious banter from Tucker and fun fight scenes with Chan.
0.75 If one of the cinema's most unique talents has decided to make another go of it in Hollywood, Rush Hour isn't a bad start.
0.2 "Who do I have to screw to get out of this movie?" Anna Nicole yells at one key point, and we know exactly how she feels.
0.8 You pretty much have to like Will Ferrell to like Talladega Nights, it's his film through and through. But if you do, you're in for a ride.
0.75 Talladega starts out slow, picks up speed in the middle, and nearly crashes and burns in the end.
0.6 The script by Ferrell and director Adam McKay, a parody of sports biopics, takes the same freewheeling approach that served them well on Anchorman, but with a more mean-spirited edge.
0.8 Showcases Will Ferrell's comedy genius to perfection.
0.6 i concur with everything bobby has to say about highlander
0.875 Will Ferrell and director/writing collaborator Adam McKay have carved out a comfortable comic niche in taking confidently clueless oafs and pulling the rug out from under the core of resolutely prototypical alpha male existence.
0.5 Check your brain at the box-office to enjoy this brand of politically-incorrect hilarity poking fun mostly at gays, women and the French, all aimed at a redneck crowd with an average I.Q. of about 75.
0.75 In Talladega, Mr. Ferrell finds his best role to date.
0.25 Riddled with blatant product placement. Blades of Glory is better. Ferrell can't save this one. Sacha adds little.
0.75 The white-trash, child-neglect, feel-good NASCAR comedy of the year (the one without the talking cars).
0.6 Ferrell e seus parceiros se mostram sempre dispostos a estender uma cena ate que ela eventualmente se torne engracada %u2013 e, por incrivel que pareca, esta tatica funciona com frequencia.
0.875 A film that will keep you laughing from beginning to end (including the credits), "Talladega Nights" is the most fun you can have this summer at 200 miles per hour!
0.75 ...It's hard not to be amused by the scene-stealing supporting cast.
0.8 Anchorman director Adam McKay has assembled a terrific cast and his hilarious script (co-written with Ferrell) ensures that each of the characters has their own funny moment.
0.4 Some of the jokes here are funny. Most are not, while the characters are simply too silly to make us give two hoots about them. Worse, the movie collapses under the weight of a ton of syrup in the second half.
0.6 Probably best viewed with a six-pack on hand.
0.8 Much like its star, Talladega Nights is erratic, infuriating and very, very funny.
0.4 On the Ferrellometer, Talladega Nights sits just above Kicking & Screaming, when it should be redlining it up there with Anchorman.
0.4 There are laughs to be had within Talladega Nights but they're certainly not worth the money a trip to the cinema will surely cost.
0.5 The film plays like an episode of Saturday Night Live, with the same character tying together various sketches poking fun at Southerners, psychosomatic diseases, NASCAR fans, people who pray, product placement, the French, and sports movies.
0.7 One of the most interesting concepts in American movies this year: The French Nascar driver who is just a compilation of American stereotypes of "Frenchness."
0.8 As ballads tend to be, this one was at times, slow and annoying, but it is worth the watch.
0.625 Whilst many times it goes for the obvious and is often inconsistent, moments of inspired genius often yield hilarity
0.75 While the movie does veer somewhat close to sentimentality a few times, it always manages to steer away from it at the last moment.
0.875 Most comedies these days try too hard to be funny. Talladega Nights simply tries to be funny without being obvious.
0.5 . . . it does have a few inspired comedic moments, but to get to those gems, you have to sit through an awful lot of flat, failed comedy set-ups.
0.625 Gets good mileage out of its jokes, and has a sturdier frame than previous models
0.4 Well, if you liked Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, you'll probably love Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. I did not like Anchorman.
0.625 There's the lovable, semi-literate stupidity of Will Ferrell's 'Anchorman' ... and then there's just plain stupid.
0.875 ... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences, this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment.
0.75 Don't even get me started on the Highlander quips.
0.4 The existence of movies like Talladega Nights is, I believe, the reason that intelligent life from other planets seem to prefer not visiting here.
0.4 Just like NASCAR ... dumb as a post ...
0.75 The movie's second half gives Ferrell what he scarcely had at the beginning: funny performers playing off him.
0.6 Silly, squealing spoof of dopey daredevils who clearly have a few lug nuts loose.
0.625 Will Ferrell's subversive middle finger at NASCAR is tall and occasionally hilarious, but only intermittently smarter than what that gesture implies.
0.625 A Will Ferrell vehicle customized with some potentially provocative red states satire and a message that so-called cutting and running may be smarter than winning at any cost.
0.375 Ferrell drives his semi-improvised routines into the ground, while Cohen's turn as a flaming gay driver from France is a total wreck.
0.875 The first movie this summer (heck, this year) to call itself a comedy and remember to deliver enormous laughs.
0.5 Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film, and Talladega delivers on that score&mdash;he's semi-naked and he thinks he's on fire.
0.8 It's the cinematic equivalent of a muscle car reconstructed exclusively from salvage parts that not only runs but wins street races.
0.75 Ferrell commits to each and every one of his characters, no matter how silly they may be, and the result is pure comedy gold.
0.875 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby finds Will Ferrell in top form and in the right big-screen vehicle, delivering one of the funniest movies of the year.
0.6 Imagine attending a NASCAR race with the funniest, wildest person you know. Sure, you might get hot and a little overwhelmed, but you'd laugh a lot and would never regret the experience.
0.7 If you want your wild and crazy Will Ferrell, look for him elsewhere. But if you just want a few laughs from a movie that you know everyone's going to enjoy, Ricky Bobby's definitely your man.
0.75 No wonder Will Ferrell has people racing out to see his movies.
0.875 A celebration of the dysfunction of being an American--of the possibility of being simultaneously proud and mortified of ourselves.
0.0 It's physically painful to have to sit in a theater for more than 90 minutes and be continually assaulted by such drivel as Ferrell puts on the screen.
0.625 Talladega Nights is a tighter, more structured film than Anchorman, which is probably both to its advantage and determent.
0.8 Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other!
0.75 Ferrell and McKay crafted their screenplay like a collection of one-liners from outer space; bizarre asides, comments and insults get us to laugh with their suddenness as well as their uniqueness.
0.7 More fun than it should be.
0.75 The perfect tonic to this summer's bloated, special effects-driven extravaganzas, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby crosses the finish line with flying colors.
0.5 ...there's simply no getting around the pervading feeling of mediocrity that's been hard-wired into the proceedings.
0.6 Talladega is sort of an Anchorman Lite... It's still funny, but not as often.
0.875 Ferrell is at his dimbulb best, but still allows enough breathing room for a cast of comedic artists to get at least one major laugh for themselves.
0.8 This Will Ferrell vehicle ... is essentially chucking javelins at good ol' American redneckery.
0.7 This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer, where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh.
0.625 By so often falling back on Ferrell's no-holds-barred foolishness, Talladega Nights seems to be driving in circles.
0.625 a funny movie, but doesn't quite live up to its potential.
0.5 One of those movies that features end-credit outtakes that are much funnier than the film that preceded them, this endearing but messy assortment of gags just doesn't merit a full-price ticket.
0.625 This is a movie that will do anything for a laugh, but rarely feels desperate for it.
0.375 Crashes and burns as it tries to garner laughs out of poorly edited and decidedly threadbare material.
0.85 Pray to Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey that Ferrell keeps making silly movies like this.
0.75 The film's consistent ticklishness frequently breaks out into uproarious set pieces.
0.4 This isn't a movie, it's an infomercial, and one with an honest-to-god Applebee's commercial that airs during the movie itself.
0.6 A perfectly entertaining collection of jokes.
0.625 Excuse the viewers if they fall asleep at the wheel.
0.7 Lots and lots of bargain basement humor, mostly coming at the expense of NASCAR, their fans, the South, and the easiest (and lamest) target in the world: The French.
0.75 The actors each do their part to rev up the silly fun, whether it's Reilly's goofy 'shake and bake' slogan, Cohen's absurd French accent or Ferrell's graceless physicality
0.875 Ferrell has the doughy indolence of the dimwits he often plays, but you can see in his eyes that he's always looking for the joke.
0.7 Will Ferrell as a NASCAR driver? You just don't get any funnier than that.
0.75 Though the movie about a moronic NASCAR racer overall is uneven and Ricky Bobby's saga lacks focus, the stupid-comical banter and the lampooning of this particular brand of car racing proves entertaining.
0.75 Gentlemen and ladies, start your engines -- really. Will Ferrell's NASCAR comedy is worth getting revved up over, though non-Ferrell fans will be unimpressed no matter how many times he strips to his skivvies.
0.5 Ferrell and his writing partner Adam McKay (who also directs, as he did Anchorman) are utterly without shame in their eagerness to recycle old ideas. This pair could make a blue box jealous.
0.75 You know those comedies where all the good parts are in the trailer? Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby isn't one of them.
0.8 A smoothly, bizarrely entertaining comedy that mixes your traditional underdog farce with Ferrell's unique sense of ... strangeness.
0.625 The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest.
0.75 Talladega Nights is very funny at times, even if the Ballad part mostly boils down to a series of comedy sketches connected by a recurring character.
0.75 The picture gets a bit long near the finish. But comedies live and die on the basis of their laugh quotient, and Talladega Nights gets its share.
0.75 Somewhere between a warm buddy's embrace of earthy turf and a sneering grin at the slob underbelly of America, the comedy has traction. It's like the crop from a seed that Burt Reynolds lobbed into a spittoon, years ago.
0.625 The laughs come and go, but Ferrell makes NASCAR his bitch funny. Funnier. And more fun. And then the fun skids to a stop.
0.8 f you've been waiting for a summer comedy that's generally worth your popcorn, then filmgoers, start your engines.
0.4 [Director] McKay has made another wildly uneven, PG-13-that-could-be-R comedy that veers from explosively funny, overlong improvs (a Southern-fried dinner prayer to 'Dear Baby Jesus') to black holes from which no laugh can escape.
0.75 Ferrell reteams with director Adam McKay (Anchorman) for another gleefully trashy comedy.
0.75 Whoo, mama: Will Ferrell and NASCAR do make a purty pair. They go together like peanut butter and fried bananas in Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.75 Like a 30-car pileup on the high banks at Daytona, you can't take your eyes off this mess, and it is a rambunctious entertainment.
0.75 It's a briskly paced, reliably funny and surprisingly sweet portrait of a colorful subculture, and its improvisational impulses strain against the hood of a sturdily designed storyline.
0.625 'What does diablo mean?' 'It's like Spanish for fighting chicken.' If you cracked so much as a shell of a smile reading that, then run, don't walk, to see Talladega Nights, where you will get an entire year's worth of equally irresistible nonsense.
0.75 NASCAR comedy finds the sweet spot between cartoonish silliness and racing culture send-up. Some good crashes, too.
0.5 Talladega is full of fun moments and funny performances that are more engaging as bits than as a cohesive narrative.
0.625 If you can delight in the delight of others, you just may delight in this. Otherwise, prepare to be awfully jealous, because it's the sort of picture where the actors are having a lot more fun than the audience.
0.5 It is missing parts, has screws loose, repeatedly threatens to run out of gas and even crashes-and-burns in a few brutal scenes.
0.875 Talladega is the first comedy this year to make me laugh so hard I snorted.
0.5 NASCAR fans will likely love Talladega Nights, which may be a glowing endorsement or a warning sign, depending on the viewer.
0.625 This mildly crude yet oddly tame tale about a NASCAR hotshot who burns rubber to the top of the pole before having a speedway blowout runs on underinflated tires.
0.875 Like Little Miss Sunshine, Ricky Bobby is impeccably cast and performed, from the starring roles to small parts.
0.5 'Mediocre' is an apt description for any of Will Ferrell's sloppy, casually funny comedies, especially Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.4 Talladega Nights spins out early and never recovers.
0.75 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the sort of cheerfully asinine comedy that twists your arm until you submit. So, to Will Ferrell -- clown, freak, bully -- I scream, 'Uncle!'
0.6 Whether the engine on Talladega Nights is humming or sputtering, Ferrell stays gamely behind the wheel.
0.8 As a cultural artifact, Talladega Nights is both completely phony and, therefore, utterly authentic. Or, to put it differently: this movie is the real thing.
0.875 Talladega Nights is the rare comedy that manages to be funny and witty.
0.5 We're left ho-humming our way through one obligatory scene after another and wincing through a sting of failed gags until the next bit comes along that tickles our funny bone.
0.75 The absurdly funny Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is at once a glorious send-up of NASCAR culture and a goofy celebration of the redneck, red state, red-blooded American culture that spawned it.
0.625 A whole bunch of great racing footage would've ratcheted up Nights a notch or two -- see Cars for inspiration -- but even the track scenes are ... well, pedestrian.
0.75 While the film spins out from time to time in subplots highlighting the world-class supporting cast, it has enough momentum to finish in the winner's circle.
0.7 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a bit of a mess, but it is a genial mess, and one that will make you laugh. Which is the whole idea.
0.5 Now and then, the movie allows you to relax into its brand of stupid-smart comedy. The rest of the time your shoulders scrunch up and ask the eternal question: Why is this routine not quite working?
0.6 It's charming and often funny, but it also drags badly and never makes much of its characters.
0.7 ...if you got a kick out of Ferrell's moronic anchorman character in Anchorman, you'll get a decent amount of guffaws out of this companion piece as well...
0.9 You won't have seen anything this funny in a theater since... well, maybe since Anchorman.
0.6 Farrell, as he did in ELF, brings that absolute conviction to absolute cluelessness and when the script supports him, it's magic
0.6 The movie looks really good, especially the NASCAR racing action, but it never quite fulfills the promise of Anchorman.
0.2 Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy.
0.875 While not quite as focused and inspired as Anchorman, it still made me laugh as hard and often as any movie in recent memory.
0.625 Rambunctious and synthetic, Talladega Nights boasts its fair share of inspired Ferrell riffs, even if, as a satire of the NASCAR subculture, it mostly runs on fumes.
0.8 The cast is great, and when they're in the midst of one of those manic improvisational furies that made Anchorman so funny, The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a riot.
0.6 A very effective low-budget Deliverance ripoff. Up there with Piranha, The Evil and Capone as one of Roger Corman's most entertaining productions.
0.6 Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
0.75 Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
0.625 A typically slick effort from DreamWorks Animation...
0.8 As a child who loathed the wholesomeness of Disney and wholeheartedly embraced the madcap antics of Bugs Bunny, Wile E. Coyote and Daffy Duck this film was perfect for me.
0.6 The film has some serious problems, the first being - and yes, I feel ridiculous for even attributing this complaint to a film with the above title - a completely pat narrative that seriously lacks character development
0.4 Me quede con hambre de mas y es que siento que Dreamworks, fuera del verde Shrek, no ha encontrado la formula para darle verdadera batalla a Disney Pixar.
0.75 Inked more by its influences than originality, "Monsters" gets exhaustive with its rapid-fire references. That said, if this works as a shiny primer to one day introduce children to classic sci-fi, satire, fantasy and anime, well, more power to it.
0.75 Not as wonderful as Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens is the next best thing that DreamWorks Animation has produced.
0.5 ...for kids Monsters vs. Aliens has a lot of color and action, and it's not too scary. Fair enough. As long as you're a kid.
0.625 A happy, family-friendly movie without a mean bone in its mutated body, even though it features a giant killer robot machine and its four-eyed alien squid master, a megalomaniac who's out to kill and/or enslave all of humanity.
0.625 The real reason to see this movie is the stunning 3-D craftsmanship.
0.6 This movie was comfortably middle of the road. While Dreamworks has frankly annoyed me to the point of almost-boycott, they can't forever turn out such drivel, right? Monsters Vs Aliens is not poo at all, it's not bad. It's not going to set the world o
0.75 It continues to be a banner year for animation, with "Monsters vs. Aliens" proving to be a fast-paced and witty family adventure that simultaneously pays homage to and pokes fun at all those cheesy science fiction films from the 1950s.
0.625 A film that relies more on gimmicks than on plotting.
0.5 moiazei me mikser poy o kathenas petakse mesa tin idea toy me ligo seloteip gia na kollisei
0.6 It's too bad the new 3D glasses can't fix sloppy writing.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens still packs a sufficient amount of jolting jocularity that is sure to satisfy the entertaining mindsets of youngsters and oldsters alike...a zesty escapist treat
0.7 Not only spectacularly well made but frequently very funny.
0.7 If you are looking for a diversionary flick you can take the kids to and everybody comes out having had a good time, this is perfect.
0.6 The latest cartoon from DreamWorks isn't a classic, but it makes the grade for Easter viewing.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens is both a spoof and celebration of mid-century creature features, offering positive, if well-worn, "messages for the kids."
0.8 The voice casting is superb, with Hugh Laurie and Seth Rogen the standouts along with Witherspoon. There's also plenty of amazing action. The epic battle over the Golden Gate bridge is as exciting as any top live-action movie.
0.5 Given that the film was sold as the biggest kind of spectacle, it's disappointing though not surprising that it's so barbarically typical.
0.875 Susan is a character with real, um, weight...
0.75 This bright and lively computer-animated 3D comedy-adventure gives the masters of animation at Pixar a run for their box office riches.
0.625 This is a movie that will more than delight the younger tykes.
0.875 ...the first really memorable film of 2009, and clearly the most fun.
0.5 Monsters vs Aliens is skilfully animated and spasmodically funny, but you get the impression the film's seven (!) writers ran out of ideas two-thirds of the way through.
0.7 A comprehensively entertaining package. If there's a lack of originality, the film is bolstered by the sheer verve of the animation and effects.
0.6 Engagingly nerdy movie in-jokes are clearly a step in the right direction for DreamWorks after the rather crass and bombastic approach of the Shrek movies.
0.6 It's all very good value, although I have a vague feeling that a gallery of freaky sci-fi creatures, as in Monsters Inc, may not engage the young audience's sympathies as much as humanoids. Great fun, anyway.
0.4 The movie never grows a heart, which doesn't stop it trying to tattoo one onto its chest. By the whizz-bang climax inside the alien mothership, I was fidgeting like a four-year-old at Cosi fan tutte.
0.4 Heart and soul are sacrificed for sequences of loud characters pinballing across the screen in search of an easy laugh. The whole endeavour is an unsubtle, in your face CG-animated assault from DreamWorks.
0.6 Despite being second out of the 3D traps after Bolt, their first special-specs-required outing is at least as eye-catching as Pixar's Oscar-nominated pacesetter. Occasionally, it's even better.
0.6 DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda.
0.8 A snappy script and some neat 3D make for an above-average romp with plenty of in-jokes for cineastes and fan-boys alike.
0.6 DreamWorks still has a lot to learn about the superior powers of immersion exerted by a well-told story.
0.8 This is probably THE family film of the year so far and it's one that has enough grown up (and by that I don't mean rude) gags to ensure that adults enjoy this too. The script is razor sharp and the voice cast is spot one.
0.7 The kids may not get all the references, but theya(TM)ll enjoy the spectacular action and broad comedy, especially if they manage to see it in 3D.
0.6 They're outweighed by moments of real, albeit surreal, charm - like when gelatinous BOB chats up a dish of pineapple jelly at a pool party - that would melt the heart of even a sentient blob of gloop.
0.8 The voice cast has been well chosen, with everyone delivering their lines with just the right mix of satire and seriousness. It all makes for a horrifyingly humorous hour-and-a-half.
0.8 Besides a big heart, it has outstanding 3-D action sequences
0.4 This Easter digimation romp is big on action and slapstick, small on charm, tiny on wit and endurability; unless you are nine, when anything goes.
0.8 Aficianadoes of 1950s monster movies should have a ball spotting all the references. All anyone else requires is a taste for good fun.
0.6 This lively story about a young girl who gets hit by a meteor on her wedding day that turns her into a giant is certainly wacky enough.
0.8 The film lacks the soft, friendly edge of something like Monsters, Inc and sags a little after the first big fight, but it's gigantic fun nevertheless.
0.8 Enjoyable, frequently funny comedy with strong, likeable characters, impressive animation and a script that's packed with both terrific gags and subtle movie references for film fans.
0.8 With a sharply funny script, vivid characters and eye-popping imagery, this is a raucously enjoyable animated film
0.8 Kids will adore the flash 3D visuals, brilliant action sequences and ace sight gags. Mums, dads and others will relish the quickfire dialogue-some of the best we've heard for a while in any film-and the affectionate nods to sci-fi of times past.
0.8 The animation is spectacular and the action full on. The monsters are cute and lovable even though they're still pretty ugly.
0.8 Monsters vs Aliens is still unlikely to blow your mind, but it will make you bust a gut laughing, and that's certainly something worth celebrating in animation.
0.75 Spielberg references, action, humor, romance and 3D. What more do you want from a family-friendly flick?
0.8 I think many young children will learn from this film without even realizing they're being taught something.
0.7 MONSTERS VS ALIENS comes so close to being something truly special, but even as a movie that's just enjoyably above average it beats the pants off everything else that Dreamworks has done so far.
0.625 a brightly colored mash-up of pop-culture gags that speeds at you so fast and furiously that it feels like a rush even if you can't remember much about it the next day
0.4 A terrific idea with the heart sucked out.
0.8 3-D debris (both animal and mineral) fly out of the screen every minute or so. Best wear an apron if you're suggestible.
0.7 There's nothing really wrong with it, but there is a lot that isn't quite right.
0.625 In what other movie do you get shout-outs to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Beverly Hills Cop" in the same frame. "Monsters vs. Aliens" might be a better time capsule of kitsch than an actual movie.
0.375 On the bright side, it's short.
0.4 The 3-D effects look great, no doubt, but the film ultimately falls victim to a contrived, unoriginal plot that just shows once again how far behind Disney/Pixar, DreamWorks Animation is.
0.625 In the case of Monsters v. Aliens--henceforth to be referred to as 'Monsters Vs. Aliens'--we find in favor of monsters.
0.7 The 3-D enhances the movie rather than detracting from it and that is not always the case.
0.5 The jokes are good; the animation is fine; the 3-D is awesome. But still the film fails to make a monster or an alien as powerful a character as the little clownfish Marlin from FINDING NEMO.
0.75 I was hoping Monsters Vs. Aliens would turn out to be a documentary about the Trial Lawyers Association against the Taliban. Maybe both sides would get wiped out?
0.5 With a title like Monsters Vs. Aliens, [it] tells you exactly what it's going to be. Yet so did Snakes on a Plane, and somehow that movie managed to disappoint as well.
0.6 In short, if you're going to see Monsters vs. Aliens, the only way to do it is in 3D. Looking back, I think I'd be miserable just watching a 2D screening of this movie.
0.625 Pleasant but often pedestrian.
0.625 Attack of the 50 Foot Shrug.
0.6 Monsters Vs. Aliens is a fine rainy-Sunday diversion, but if you want real monster and alien fun, hit up Netflix and rent some of the classics that inspired it.
0.6 A loud, rushed, choppy, silly, colorful Nintendo game of a movie. And it could have been DreamWorks' version of "The Incredibles."
0.875 A wholesome family flick that everybody can enjoy, provided mom and dad are willing to turn off their brains when they put on the 3-D glasses.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens is genetically engineered to appeal to young and old alike. That's not how you make an animated classic, though.
0.75 There is something magical about watching a well-made 3-D feature film--even one with a less than stellar script--to listen to the ooh's and ahs and giggles generated by kids in a sold-out theater.
0.875 The ongoing advances in animation make it easier for filmmakers to create worlds we can get lost in, which is exactly what happens here.
0.75 As the first out of the gate, this family-friendly movie is a legitimate contender for best animated feature film.
1.0 Original. Clever. Brilliant. Insert your own adjective here. Monsters Vs. Aliens is flat out the funniest flick of the year.
0.75 You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them.
0.6 Plenty of giggles and thrills to keep the kiddies happy while a clever script filled with nods to the alien invasion movies of the 1950s will keep their parents in stitches.
0.5 It's about a tenth as entertaining as, say, Monsters, Inc. -- one of the lesser Pixar movies -- and it doesn't reach the same heights as DreamWorks' previous monster franchise, Shrek.
0.8 Now, I know I can't predict the future, nor do I have a Magic 8 Ball at my disposal, but I just don't see how Up will be able to outperform the sensational Monsters vs. Aliens, which is one monster mash that truly is a graveyard smash.
0.75 I am strong, I am invincible, I am woman takes on a whole new meaning at 50 feet tall.
0.7 This is an example of a mainstream studio blockbuster done right%u2014it effectively balances humor and action, as well as small character beats with big set-pieces.
0.25 With all the terrific animated movies we've seen in the past few years, this sort of tossed-off dreck is simply not acceptable.
0.625 I don't think there are any characters here that a child would love.
0.8 Homage to '50s alien flicks too intense for youngest kids.
0.625 See it for the dozens of homages to old movie monsters and movie genres.
0.6 All in all, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough colour, motion and mayhem to keep the kids entertained for the required 90 minutes
0.25 Heavily touted as an industry breakthrough for 3-D, DreamWorks Animation's clunky and wildly unimaginative Monsters vs. Aliens really doesn't have a clue what to do with the technique.
0.75 The 3-D animation, occasional gross-out jokes and way-cool beasties and robots play to every 10-year-old, chronological or just in spirit.
0.8 In terms of generating pure, Monstrous laughs this is the year's funniest comedy so far - animated OR live action.
0.5 Shooting a chaotic action scene in an extra dimension definitely adds to the clutter, but does zilch to subtract from the tedium.
0.75 Overall, Monsters vs. Aliens is pleasing without being especially hilarious. Some lines fall flat, and a few bits involving B.O.B. are overused. But a lack of zingers is forgivable in a movie of such visual accomplishment.
0.5 The cool stuff -- like 3-D and collapsing bridges -- may get filmmakers halfway there, but to make it all the way home, they need the usual movie elements, like a good story and vivid characters, and here Monsters vs. Aliens comes up short.
0.75 As willfully chock-full of the familiar as the animated feature is, it's also a hoot.
0.75 This film has hidden depths, especially for adults who mistakenly think Monsters vs. Aliens is only for kids.
0.625 The dirty little secret is that 3-D is frequently painful. [But] it's a sweet little movie, which is easy to enjoy once your eyes adjust.
0.375 The directors, Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon, who also wrote the shabby gag-book script with four other conspirators, simply throw everything at the wall and see if it will stick.
0.55 Directors Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon push so hard for three-dimensionality that they basically have their animators putting sightlines before storylines.
0.6 DreamWorks proves it can be a force in the animation genre with its highly entertaining effort here.
0.4 Monsters Vs. Aliens is visually pleasing but a sad attempt at entertaining kids. The film is riddled with tired jokes and wasted talent. Wait for the cable viewing.
0.585 Despite spectacular visuals and sporadic thrills, Monsters vs. Aliens lacks the consistent fun, inventiveness, wit and big-heartedness found in superior, unforgettable CGI action-adventures such as The Incredibles.
0.75 The new 3D animated feature film from Dreamworks is really less of a kids' movie and more of a witty science fiction comedy aimed at fans of cheesy 1950s sci-fi films.
0.5 For a 3-D movie, Monsters vs. Aliens is appallingly one-dimensional.
0.6 What begins as a promising homage to classic sci-fi silliness turns into the unwanted answer to the unasked question "What would a Joe Dante film be like without Joe Dante directing it?"
0.5 Funny, but stumbles from scene to scene kind of like Lindsay Lohan stumbles out of the Roosevelt Hotel on a Friday night.
0.6 Seth Rogen as an animated blob is awesome, just like this action packed animation.
0.75 Three-dimensional sequences, whether animated or live action, can feel more gimmicky than integral to the tale. Happily, such is not the case with the entertaining Monsters vs. Aliens.
0.7 "Nice" is the adjective that seems to surface most in trying to pin down the film's most salient quality, which means that while the film is enjoyable enough, it is unlikely to become a classic for us, or a Shrek sort of franchise for DreamWorks.
0.6 A highly competent, smartly engineered delivery system for the very cliches it pretends to subvert.
0.875 The voice performers are clearly having fun. Witherspoon hasn't sounded this free and easy in years, and Stephen Colbert steals scenes as the voice of the U.S. president.
0.75 Another fast and funny digitally animated DreamWorks kid flick.
0.625 An animated funhouse that delivers on its title and ups its scary-comic impact if you see it in 3-D.
0.375 Pilfering everything from Mothra to Attack of the 50 Foot Woman to Men in Black and Monsters, Inc. the script piles on the mayhem and forgets the funny.
0.75 As 'Monsters vs. Aliens' demonstrates, 3-D technology is finally coming into its own, used to create a dazzlingly lifelike spectacle that seems to jump off the screen and into the theater beside you.
0.75 Do see this movie in 3-D if you can, and don't hesitate to send the kids; there's just enough silly humor to keep them happy.
0.5 a clear example of sensational style over underbaked substance
0.5 While it has a crisp 3-D look and nice vocal performances, this action-comedy will seem fresh only to 8-year-olds -- though it may give parents an excuse to introduce some of the '50s horror movies it parodies.
0.625 A wispy-thin but suitably quick-witted homage to the science-fiction genre, Monsters vs. Aliens is not up to par with the best of Pixar and Disney, but it is a step in the right direction.
0.625 The latest computer-animated production from DreamWorks is a perfectly acceptable family movie.
0.75 An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format.
0.6 A pleasant experience that's never annoying but also rarely more than mildly thrilling.
0.75 Visual gimmicks and puns change from decade to decade, but worthwhile ideals go on forever.
0.4 The result traffics in rote truisms (love the skin you're in; leave no man behind; etc.) that are admirable but perfunctory.
0.8 Visually awesome and eye-popping, particularly if you catch it in IMAX 3_D.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens is possibly the most commercial title of the year. How can you resist such a premise, especially if it's in 3-D animation? Very readily, in my case.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens may lack a bit of heart, but it more than compensates with intelligent humor.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens has amazing 3D, solid gags, wacky concepts and great animation; I just wish that at some point along the way someone had been as passionate about the story as they were about the spectacle.
0.75 The movie ably disguises its conventional kids' fare premise in a clever satiric shell.
0.5 A surprisingly dull affair.
0.6 A 3D animated family film that allows us to cheer for a female superhero and her companions.
0.5 A lightweight saga about not being a doormat to egomaniacal men and embracing your, um, inner superpowered 50-foot-tall monster?
0.5 If the difference between a movie and an ad is substantial character, excitement and story, then Monsters vs. Aliens is officially a toy commercial.
0.8 The script -- an affectionate spoof of 1950s sci-fi -- is funny, exciting (especially in IMAX 3-D) and has a nice visual texture.
0.8 Funny, insouciant and loaded with charm, Monsters vs. Aliens is the kind of blockbuster spectacle you wish came along every summer.
0.75 ...has a shlocky, sci-fi title that's straight from the 1950s, and the more affection you have for that period, the more you'll appreciate the movie.
0.875 There's something about Susan.
0.8 The humor is dry, the sentiment unapologetic, and the absurdity sublime
0.6 Though the movie's action beats are underdeveloped, they've successfully poured all of their creativity into making us laugh.
0.875 I liked it more than anything Pixar has made the last five years.
0.625 Sure, the film is sweet and harmless but, take away the 3D, and all you're left with is a generic kids' movie.
0.8 Don't overthink Monsters vs. Aliens. Just enjoy it.
0.8 The action scenes are downright thrilling, the storytelling is brisk and witty, the homages to alien and monster movies funny and affectionate.
0.7 Cute and clever and often entertaining, but never quite lives up to the potential of the premise nor is it as funny as you might hope based on the talent involved.
1.0 While the jokes take a back seat to the action in the film's big climax, there are earlier moments that rank among the most fighting-for-breath funny stuff I've seen at the movies in ages.
0.8 An intelligent consideration of a thorny subject, fueled by three great central performances.
0.75 The movie is seriously smile-worthy, largely due to the sheer number of jokes throughout.
0.8 Gunn doesn't so much reinvent the wheel as reshape it a little, giving the rest of the vehicle a fresh lick of paint in the process.
0.9 I had more fun watching Guardians of the Galaxy than I've had in a long time.
0.6 In proper "who gives a toss?" B-movie tradition, Guardians of the Galaxy takes us into the silly section of the Marvel Universe.
0.875 The screenplay does an exceptional job of incorporating this film into the pre-existing and percolating Marvel cinematic universe.
0.8 With its fantastic ensemble of characters and great sense of humor (not to mention an incredible soundtrack), it rises above the standard formula to make an entertaining and thrilling ride that leaves a lasting impression.
0.75 Gunn has done a marvelous job of character development with a large cast of unknown comic-book roles.
0.4 Guardians of the Galaxy exists solely to advertise its own as-yet-unmade sequels.
1.0 Larger-than-life and dangerously explosive, they're so funny that boys and girls will love the film in equal measure.
0.8 Once again, we get an against-the-odds, mid-air battle among exploding skyscrapers and fleeing extras. But it's beautifully realised in eye-popping 3D.
0.8 There are obvious touchstones here in Star Wars and Indiana Jones, but Gunn allows his influences to inform rather than define the film.
0.8 Guardians Of The Galaxy is deliriously, insanely its own thing, possessed of an idiosyncratic, intimate sense of humour and a magnificently diverse cast, all of whom find exactly the right tone of low-key commitment. Everything fits.
0.875 Guardians of the Galaxy is right up there with The Avengers as a movie that delivers all the fun and action you want from a superhero adventure. &#8233;
0.8 There's plenty of action, of course, but it's the heart and humor, delivered consistently throughout Guardians of the Galaxy, that make this tongue-in-cheek space opera the perfect fit for the 21st Century.
0.875 The most fun film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and a fine start to a new era.
0.875 It's overstuffed with effects and incident, but it looks great, it feels fresh and it's sometimes laugh-out-loud funny.
0.875 Director James Gunn tosses together a dizzying blend of superhero bravado, outer-space adventure and off-the-wall comedy that introduces the strangest and most enjoyable bunch of rogues ever to inhabit the same spaceship.
0.7 The plot is bonkers, and there's way too much CGI, but the core little group of disparate characters manage to latch themselves to you, and you're in.
0.8 Gunn has helped take a relatively unknown property and made a film that will surely help blast these incredible characters to a level of fame that will spread across the galaxy.
0.95 Bravo James Gunn; he took a lesser-known comic book and spun it into the most entertaining ride I've had all year.
0.8 Guardians of the Galaxy isn't just a fun-filled, laugh-filled, ripping space fantasy comedy, it's one of the best, most crowd-pleasing blockbusters in years.
0.8 If blockbusters are the cinematic equivalent of junk food, then 2014 has been a goddamn ice-cream sundae, and Guardians is the bright, sickly sweet cherry sitting on top.
0.6 The cast are clever at filling in the gaps the story has to carry, with the romantic attraction between Peter and Gamora, which begins with some hearty hand to hand combat, given more emotional weight than the dialogue allows for.
0.8 It all happens about 100 times faster than the original Star Wars while taking itself about 1,000 times less seriously than the Star Wars prequels.
0.5 The film begins to stumble, then, once the focus shifts to a narrative that's almost distractingly convoluted...
1.0 A piece of wit that makes it's own niche within the genre. This galactic treat is new world.
0.9 Haters STFU, 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is cinematic nirvana...
0.7 It might ultimately break down to nothing but empty calories, but it is always full-on fun. I repeat: always.
0.6 Fans... will delight in the wisecracks offered by Rocket (Rocky Raccoon) or the profundities of Groot.
0.8 I think they've really created characters, James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Pearlman, and I think the screenplay is really lovely.
0.75 ...Groot easily steals the show...equal parts 'Farscape,' 'Firefly,' and the few family-friendly parts of 'Pitch Black' while putting an original spin on it.
0.5 ... retro space opera plays more like a bad spoof of a 'Star Wars' spoof &#8210; and even then it's closer to 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' than 'Spaceballs.'
0.8 Hovering between irony and sincere enthusiasm, the film is above all a triumph of tone.
0.8 An exciting thrill-ride that strikes a brilliant balance between jaw-dropping space scenes, anarchic wit and bountiful belly laughs.
0.6 Like so many elements of this film, this narrative arc is all too familiar. But it's fun to watch it played out with such B-movie gusto.
0.7 Think a wild ride through an amusement park with five crazy friends. Or Star Wars meets Flying High.
0.8 What makes James Gunn's scruffier and un-spandex'd band of reluctant heroes so appealing is how they approximate the good-hearted rogues on the raggedy charm of space westerns like Joss Whedon's own "Firefly".
0.8 The best Star Wars film since 1980.
0.8 When Guardians of the Galaxy is firing on all cylinders, you'll think there's nothing better in this world, or any other.
0.7 Far more lively than anything in the last three Star Wars; it's far closer in the constellation to the jokey heroism of Joss Whedon's Serenity than George Lucas's New Age sky-piloting.
0.6 Outre, cheerful, yes... but wake me up when the Doctor Strange movie is ready.
0.5 Guardians of the Galaxy is the brave new world of cinema.
0.875 A mad act of absurd genius.
0.8 Rip-roaring, irreverent and so much fun, Guardians of the Galaxy succeeds in not only introducing and connecting these relatively unknown characters into the Marvel pantheon, but in making it one of the most enjoyable and unforgettable of the bunch
1.0 The most purely entertaining movie of the summer.
0.75 Director and co-writer James Gunn brings a giddiness and a wondrous, endless sense of why-the-hell-not? possibility that's reminiscent of Star Wars.
0.75 It's the movie's rollicking good cheer that ultimately might help endear it to folks who otherwise wouldn't know the Guardians' Rocket Raccoon from The Beatles' Rocky Raccoon.
0.8 Sci-fi hasn't been this fun since Star Wars and it hasn't been this funny since Galaxy Quest.
0.8 Guardians of the Galaxy may blast off another successful franchise for Marvel, but it has a few parsecs left to go before it can truly claim greatness.
0.9 There have been few must-see films of the 2014 summer season, but Guardians of the Galaxy is definitely one.
0.8 Goofy, energetic, space-faring fun.
0.875 Guardians of the Galaxy is a total treat - funny, exciting, filled with great effects, and containing a few welcome moments of emotion. This is the Marvel movie I can see myself watching again and again.
0.875 The audience applauded. All ages, all walks of life, got hooked on a feeling - a feeling of delight - that 'Guardians of the Galaxy' delivers.
1.0 With the freedom afforded by the obscure source material, Gunn reminds us that blockbusters don't have to take themselves too seriously.
0.7 Guardians succeeds when it proves the Marvel formula is malleable; it fails when it discovers that formula is not yet malleable enough.
0.8 A rollicking carnival ride halfway across the universe and back that leaves you with a big, goofy, satisfied smile when it's over.
0.8 By Friday night, anyone who has seen this first "Guardians" will be speaking volumes about all its future possibilities, especially big-name actors scampering to hop aboard for a potentially huge and long franchise ride.
0.6 Entertaining, clever and often quite funny.
0.8 Marvel's sci-fi adventure has it all: laughs, action, charm.
0.875 A Marvelous sci-fi adventure that flies by in a whoosh of nimble action and colorful characters.
0.8 By playing with sci-fi and comic book cliches and assembling a charismatic and likeable cast, Guardians of the Galaxy is a welcome return to form for Marvel.
0.89 [It's] the first of the MCU properties that didn't feature a major Marvel character. Surprise, surprise, when you make the most enjoyable space opera romp since The Fifth Element, name recognition just doesn't matter.
0.6 Where it does work is in the lightness of touch director James Gunn brings to proceedings.
0.6 While not all superhero films are created equal, this comic-book space adventure adaptation is just good enough.
0.9 By refusing to follow the usual formula, filmmaker James Gunn has made Marvel's best-yet movie, a summer action-adventure that provides more cinematic fun than the rest of the year's blockbusters rolled into one.
0.75 After a summer of slick, seamless superhero, monster and robot blockbusters, there's certainly something to be said for a movie that feels reckless and messy.
0.875 "Star Wars" for a new generation.
0.75 Gunn delivers a pageant of eye candy splashed with the primary-color palette of his funnybook source material. He has the aesthetic down, if not always the mechanics.
0.9 It's like watching a 'Star Wars' movie filled with nothing but Han Solos.
0.8 It taps into what the first three Star Wars films knew and the next three forgot: big heart and a sense of humor are what keep heavy machinery running smoothly.
0.8 There's lots of action, incredible 3D, all the bells and whistles audiences expect from a tentpole film. But it's the brilliant humor that will help Guardians undoubtedly be one of the biggest hits of the year.
0.75 I could watch a "Guardians" movie that's just the five of them sitting around a table with a pitcher of beer and a deck of cards. Hard to say that about the X-Men.
0.6 If you want a superior successor to Red Dwarf, Blake's 7, Star Wars and, yes, Scooby Doo then look no further. There are worse things.
0.8 Finally, some jokey superheroes.
0.75 Guardians of the Galaxy is an open fire hydrant of a summer movie: more fun than should be allowed in such hot weather.
1.0 A wisecracking raccoon is saving the summer.
0.8 Um filme que se permite rir das proprias bobagens, mas que, para isso, adota uma estrategia narrativa inteligente.
0.8 It turns out to be the goofy and action-packed antidote to most of the summer's blockbusters.
0.75 I'm disappointed that I didn't like it as much as everyone else, but that doesn't mean I didn't like it. I thought it was fun. It's decent. It just didn't blow my socks off.
0.9 Gives the summer a nice adrenaline shot.
0.75 Though based on a comics series launched in 1969, "Guardians" comes on with a hip, absurdist humor that feels thoroughly modern.
0.8 This swashbuckling space age romp treats saving the universe as just a bit of fun. Very refreshing and probably just as well.
0.75 The breezy, character-piloted Guardians of the Galaxy shows a Marvel comics film need not offer big stars (at least visible ones) to entertain.
0.625 Good versus evil's romp through space reeks of Star Wars and Star Trek, with a worse plot and better effects.
0.75 The characters are great and the movie is often very funny.
1.0 Entertaining in this or any galaxy. It's certainly the most fun I've had in a theater this year.
0.6 It favors jokes and general weirdness over heroism and action, and it's less indebted to Star Wars than the cheap, junky Star Wars knock-offs that followed in its wake.
0.6 As directed by James Gunn, Guardians of the Galaxy never takes itself seriously and it's often a visual and musical treat. The Runaways' Cherry Bomb and David Bowie's Moonage Daydream? Yes, please.
0.875 Without being shackled to fanboy expectations of how iconic costumed characters should be depicted, filmmaker James Gunn ("Super") runs wild with the opportunity.
0.9 a rip-roaring good time
0.75 The motley crew's repartee makes for comedy that's surprisingly consistent, yet freewheeling and sharp enough to pinball from Kevin Bacon to Jackson Pollock and back.
0.75 Lurches along a bit awkwardly, but always with utterly dazzling visuals and a goofy gag at the ready.
0.625 If nothing else, Guardians feels like an invigorating throwback to the pop-culture properties that were Saturday-morning staples in the 1980s.
0.75 What a joy it is to be present at the birth of a new franchise! Like human birth, it's messy and emotional and full of promise. And as long as there are no problems with the delivery, it's a fresh start.
0.875 What sounds like a strained miscalculation turns out to be one of the most shamelessly enjoyable pranks ever pulled by a multibillion-dollar entertainment conglomerate. This is what happens when blockbuster filmmaking sits on a whoopee cushion.
0.7 You can have the Avengers' supergroup of professional heroes and egos: I prefer the Guardians' garage band -- rowdy and rough-edged and a real family.
0.625 This movie lacks the charm and genre affection that Galaxy Quest provided in buckets.
0.75 For all that doesn't work, a lot does and hopefully with time and distance, Gunn and his collaborators can chuck all of the non-silly stuff they just don't need for Guardians 2. They've got a firm foundation to build off of.
1.0 If you're old enough to remember when sci-fi and comic books were fun, "Guardians of the Galaxy" will be your new favorite movie. If you're not, it will set a standard for everything you see.
0.875 Guardians of the Galaxy does the impossible. Through dazzle and dumb luck, it turns the cliches of comic-book films on their idiot heads and hits you like an exhilarating blast of fun-fun-fun.
0.85 It's been billed as the most out-there, bizarre and wacky of all the Marvel Studios films. Fortunately for comic book fans and audiences looking for a little something different it exceeds expectation to be the most fun-filled Marvel movie yet.
0.625 It's like the silly, superhero-loving kids goofing off in the back of the classroom looked at The Avengers and X-Men and declared, "Hey, how hard can it be to save the world? Let's do it too!"
0.6 Marvel may not see Guardians as its prize asset, but this could be the start of a truly awesome franchise.
1.0 What is most appealing about "Guardians" is its swagger and devil-may-care panache. ...
0.8 What does work is everything about the Guardians themselves, and almost everything that comes out of their mouths.
0.5 There's a strong, likeable start to Guardians of the Galaxy, but from there, the movie begins a persistent slide into anonymity.
0.8 It's preposterous, ridiculous, bizarre. Whatever. It's not the most accessible Marvel outing, and it'll take the fanboys to spread the word; Guardians of the Galaxy is balls-out fun.
0.5 In place of wit, "Guardians" offers a sort of generalized willingness to be amusing, an atmosphere of high spirits that feels like lots of people pumping air into a tire that has a hole in it.
0.875 "Guardians of the Galaxy" is pop film-making at its purest.
0.75 Guardians of the Galaxy is too loud, too long and too busy but - here's the good part - also wonderfully silly.
0.8 A fun, lighthearted confection that knows exactly what it wants to be and how to execute that mission.
1.0 It's the funniest of any Marvel movie yet, lending the film a lightness that goes a long way toward deflating the grandiosity that sometimes inflates and bloats the studio's films.
0.875 What Gunn does here better than any Marvel movie since the first "Iron Man" is to connect his movie with the reason fans love comic books in the first place: because they're fun.
0.75 In many respects, "Guardians" ... is a fun and relatively fresh space Western.
0.7 I didn't care about the plot for a second- but I appreciated the over-arching spirit of fun. And the two CGI characters are the best parts of the movie
0.6 After token story setting the movie goes up like a firework display.
0.75 It's looser, scruffier and more overtly comic than the average Marvel action fantasy.
0.25 "Guardians of the Galaxy" brings to mind some of the most unforgettable sci-fi event movies of the last 30 years. Alas, those films are "Howard the Duck" and "Green Lantern."
1.0 To see an expensive, big-studio movie freed from creative constraints and directorial cynicism is always a rare and wondrous experience. In a season of bloated indulgence, it's also fair to call it a marvel.
0.875 Watching the zippy, ebullient Guardians of the Galaxy, you wonder "Why can't all comic-book movies be this much fun?"
0.7 A rollicking, B-movie-style adventure that doesn't need to rely on a cameo from the Avengers to secure its place in the superhero canon.
0.5 The script has its moments but it lacks the unadulterated sense of fun that was so integral to many of the earlier Marvel movies.
0.75 A vivaciously crowd-pleasing space adventure. Of all of Marvel's many Phase I and Phase II projects tackled, "Guardians of the Galaxy" is, to date, the most alive with imagination and wonder.
0.7 With its quirky humor, weirdly lovable characters, and eclectic soundtrack, there is no other Marvel film quite like Guardians of the Galaxy.
0.5 ...so stuffed with pop-culture references that if you removed them the entire movie would likely collapse.
1.0 The diverse cast of characters allows for a level of satisfying entertainment that surpasses The Avengers. Guardians of the Galaxy is an extraordinary group of A-holes everyone can cheer for.
0.875 James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy is the best Marvel movie yet. I challenge anyone who would place Iron Man or The Avengers over this action-packed and thoroughly entertaining picture that is the definitive summer blockbuster.
0.8 Gunn absolutely nails the offbeat tone of the source material, creating a sort of punk rock Star Wars that delivers big on adventure and comedy with a thoroughly entertaining cast of characters.
0.75 A summer comic-book movie that effortlessly makes you feel like a wide-eyed, happy kid again.
0.75 Guardians of the Galaxy is solid summer fun - not the mammoth epic we have come to expect from each new Marvel release, but a welcome entry into a moribund movie season.
0.75 With a tone that lands closer to clever than snarky, GOTG represents the rare comic-book movie that's enjoyable with or without sound.
0.9 Really, "woo-hoo!" just about covers it.
0.75 The plot occasionally becomes overstuffed, perhaps packing in extraneous elements in order to set up future installments. Yet the zany script by director James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Perlman is sharply funny.
1.0 Iron What? Captain Who? The Guardians of the Galaxy are here to stay thanks to a Troma-bred filmmaker crazy enough to make the movie that such a fantastical comic deserves.
0.2 Marvel puts its heart on its sleeve with a story about the healing power of friendship, but that sleeve is stained with blood, spit, and other bodily fluids.
0.625 For every scene that soars into the dizzying heights of the pop sublime, there's another that crashes back down into the mundane troughs of studio-mandated formula.
0.8 It delivers just what you'd want from a summer blockbuster. It is fast, it is fun and it is all but assured of making a mint at the box office -- and spawning sequels aplenty.
0.8 ...it has everything you want in a movie: thrills, chills, humor, heartbreak, romance, betrayal and really cool action sequences
0.8 Gunn... has found a way to bring funkiness and humanity to a galaxy-spanning blockbuster, one filled with dogfights and floating fortresses, but also with heroes quick with a quip, fast on the draw, and more than a little beaten up by the universe.
0.875 The movie knows that junk art is still art, that no one is more in need of something to speak for them than the inarticulate - and with that it takes the secret pull of comic geekdom and elevates it to a kind of bittersweet, obsessive romanticism.
0.75 ROFL
0.9 The Marvel Cinematic Universe was getting a little too safe and dangerously repetitive. Guardians of the Galaxy gleefully breaks all the rules.
0.3 Once touted as their riskiest film to date, it is artistically and politically as conservative a film as Marvel Studios has ever made.
0.875 It's the snarking and sniping among the principals that gives the picture its spark.
1.0 Guardians Of The Galaxy is one of Marvel's best films simply because it doesn't really feel like it's part of the Marvel universe at all.
0.91 Behold! "Guardians of the Galaxy" is the type of movie where every second sentence starts with "behold!"
1.0 Guardians of the Galaxy is the unranked underdog that stepped in the arena with the best comic book films ever made, and walked out of the ring with the belt.
0.5 The film is terribly overstuffed and many of the jokes get drowned out by the special effects.
0.8 Enormous fun from beginning to end.
0.8 Guardians of the Galaxy is an absolutely crackling action-adventure film, a dazzling and engaging bit of optimistic sci-fi melodrama.
0.8 This space caper has its head in the clouds and its tongue, firmly in cheek.
0.92 From the opening credits to the final reel, there's a genuine swagger about the whole film. It exudes charm and confidence throughout, and is flippant in all the best possible ways.
0.6 Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel-lite: a brisk and breezy superhero movie that provides plenty of visual spectacle and humour but is sometimes undermined by its own facetiousness.
0.8 To misquote Forrest Gump's mother, Guardians of the Galaxy is like a box of chocolates. Or rather, it's like a vast, family-sized festive crate of chocolates, all wrapped in the shiniest packaging, all exploding with sweetness and surprises.
0.9 Freewheeling, endlessly engaging, funny as hell, Guardians Of The Galaxy is a relentless crossfire of zingers and crazy visuals.
0.9 James Gunn succeeds at turning a relatively familiar and kinda dumb story into an impressively emotional and satisfying journey.
1.0 One of the most entertaining, fun, thrilling, heartfelt and beautiful summer blockbusters we've seen.
0.8 A rocking space odyssey that gate crashes Marvel's cinematic stable and instantly becomes the life of the party
0.8 Colourful, tongue-in-cheek fun, purpose-built for grown-up lovers of kitsch '80s science-fiction.
0.625 I predict fans will eat this up, but I was hoping for something more accessible.
0.8 Mad, marvellous and all kinds of sci-fi magical, Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel's riskiest but most surprising success yet.
1.0 A near-perfect mix of action, humour, imagination and wondrous special effects.
0.8 A Marvel movie hasn't been this much fun to watch since the Avengers assembled.
0.6 Whip-smart, pop-literate, self-aware humour saves the day (and the universe, come to think of it).
0.8 A brand new summer family blockbuster this may be, but it plays by old, half-forgotten rules; trimming out the clutter and cross-referencing for snappy, streamlined, Saturday-cartoon fun.
0.7 Part George Lucas and part Chuck Jones, Guardians of the Galaxy has enough scrappy heart and smart humor to make it seem like the best possible kind of product, one where the talent of all involved makes it easy to enjoy their hustle.
0.9 Possibly one of the funniest (and strangest) Marvel movies yet, James Gunn and his cast deliver an infinitely entertaining space opera that's really something quite special.
0.8 On pure entertainment value, you'd be hard-pressed to find a movie this summer as good as Marvel's latest.
0.8 Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasant surprise from start to finish, an all-rounder of a blockbuster that excels in making us laugh as potently as it awes with its sensational action packed style.
0.3 A clumsy, anachronistic Western which casts Candice Bergen as a shrill female lead who's a lot more 1970 than 1864. Unconvincing.
0.4 Bloody, overrated film that fails to stand the test of time
0.6 1970's message movie is one of first pro Native American.
0.625 ...generally comes off as an effective adaptation of Scott Phillips' admittedly superior novel...
1.0 When a lot of you tell me you want intelligent movies made by adults for adults, you're asking for movies like this one.
0.9 90% cynicism / 10% hope, and it's jammed full of funny performances, dark divergences, and a low-key air of existential angst that you simply don't see in many multiplex movies. I love this one.
0.6 There's an enjoyably pulpy vibe to The Ice Harvest, aided considerably by the performance of a flame-haired, throaty-voiced Connie Nielsen who vamps it up like a 1940s femme fatale.
0.4 Both unfunny and rather gruesome
0.25 A total (bomb), the wrong project for almost everyone involved.
0.5 ... the film's difficult genre straddling never quite congeals.
0.5 A film populated by nasty characters who spend nearly 90 minutes doing nasty things to one another. That some of those things are darkly funny helps, but not enough to merit a viewing.
0.75 How I wish I hadn't seen "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" just days before I saw "The Ice Harvest."
0.75 ...An enjoyable early Christmas present...
0.25 Another barren black comedy that skates a thin line between bad taste and gift-wrapped stupidity.
0.6 Feels too much like Coen Brothers Lite -- and it's too busy nailing down the cynicism to worry too much about the quirkiness that tends to make the Coens' work palatable.
0.375 As an exercise in neo-noir, the film is surprisingly inert, and as a dark comedy, it fails to offer many laughs.
0.625 Viewers are likely to leave this movie not having laughed as much as they expected, not having gotten as many thrills as they hoped for and ambivalent to the experience.
0.75 The Ice Harvest delivers a nice mix of humor, tension, and seediness.
0.3 The film's various elements lump together like so many strippers at a Christmas Party %u2013 clearly anomalous but trying to present a cohesive front.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is like Sin City without the bold style and crooked smile, disgorging grisly bloodbaths without drawing artful things out of them.
0.625 ... a thriller that's not very thrilling but is as violent as the best of them.
0.7 Casting Cousin Eddie as a Mob heavy is the least of Harvest's comic genuius.
0.75 [T]he tired heist concept is considerably enlivened by excellent casting and behind-the-camera pedigree.
0.5 [T]here's little to laugh at.
0.5 Ramis keeps the action moving at a good pace, but his film lacks the manic menace of Fargo.
0.8 Delightfully seedy outing involves cold cash, hot women, cruel betrayal and Christmas Eve.
0.375 The Ice Harvest is supposed to be a thriller with dark comic elements, but the movie stops being entertaining fairly early on, and none of its characters is even remotely likable.
0.6 Make no mistake: This is an R-rated, mean-spirited movie for which Christmas makes a great backdrop, but only if you really hate Christmas. If not, It's A Wonderful Life is sure to be playing somewhere.
0.875 The movie twinkles sardonically, like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character's most cunning, twisted smile.
0.5 The Ice Harvest may not be as bad as a lump of coal in your stocking, but it isn't as exciting as a new pair of socks either.
0.375 Few cinematic experiences are more depressing than a black comedy that isn't funny.
0.5 Starts with great scripting & a sweet quirky tension that sets the film skating. Unfortunately, the writing cracks and all breaks through the ice. Platt performs strongly.
0.75 Manages to entertain, even if it does leave you feeling unsatisfied.
0.4 A morose, unhappy, sometimes depressing flick.
0.5 The Ice Harvest has talent to spare in front of the camera, but isn't nearly as smart or sharp as it would like to be.
0.5 Given that pedigree, it's all the more disappointing that this movie falls flat.
0.75 How about something a little nasty for the holidays? Harold Ramis' take on crime writer Scott Phillips' hard-boiled yuletide noir may be just what Santa ordered.
0.5 As a feel-bad holiday comedy, The Ice Harvest sometimes recalls Thornton's own Bad Santa, though it's never as outrageously funny, and Thornton doesn't get nearly as much to do.
0.25 Ice Harvest, sir, is no Groundhog Day.
0.25 In my movie fridge, The Ice Harvest packs in far beneath Iceman, The Ice Storm and The Iceman Cometh. It suffers freezer burn even below Ice Palace and Ice Station Zebra.
0.625 This is strictly B-movie fare.
0.375 A surprising misfire on all counts ...
0.75 [A]s an antidote to the sugary confections of the season, its hung-over cynicism works wonders.
0.4 [A] woefully miscalculated, distressingly unfunny dark comedy in the Grifters mold.
0.3 Crammed with barflies, strippers and assorted reprobates, The Ice Harvest easily takes the honors as this holiday season's biggest and dirtiest lump of coal.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is a treat for everyone who hates holidays.
0.5 The Ice Harvest aims to be a comedy crime caper that's light as a bubble, but too many crooks spoil the froth.
0.5 ... seems slight and underdeveloped.
0.625 [G]enerates more nervous smiles than belly laughs ...
0.8 The Ice Harvest is as smooth as a dry martini, and it's an unalloyed pleasure to behold Cusack and Thornton playing off each other.
0.625 It's neither convincing -- nor, just as importantly clever -- in pulling off its thriller story line, and it's not funny enough to sustain your interest, save for its hilariously chaotic 20-minute middle section.
0.625 [A] lightweight Bad Santa.
0.3 ...a nihilistic, bloody, violent, vain attempt at a humorous noir without humor.
0.75 What does Billy Bob Thornton have against Christmas?
0.7 Almost none of it will stay with you...wait to rent it.
0.75 ... Ice Harvest does not take itself seriously and at least provides an amusing respite from the forced cheeriness of the season.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is too tepid to have much taste either way, and it ends up lulling us to apathy.
0.75 Ramis gives this twisted thriller the grim irony Quentin Tarantino and his followers boast of, but don't understand.
1.0 The Ice Harvest is a hearty hued anti-jovial, though oddly not anti-humorous, Christmas neo-Noir that'll have you giggling with morbid glee, and properly cringing where need be!
0.75 The movie, directed by Harold Ramis, finds a balance between the goofy and the gruesome.
0.25 This Harvest yields nothing but chaff.
0.75 Bumptiously entertaining.
0.2 It's entirely possible that Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack phoned in their parts in The Ice Harvest. But in these modern times, they probably e-mailed.
0.7 A dark comedy that's about as far as you can get from the 'warm fuzzy holiday film for the whole family'.
0.625 Ramis might have been onto something had he been able to include less ice and more harvest.
0.625 Ice Harvest has its laughs, but you may come out of the theater feeling like you need to take a shower.
0.625 Zesty enough to make the ol' noir two-step seem worthwhile.
0.75 Ramis does some of his best work balancing the immoral tone of the plot with biting humor that rises from the situations and not just fitted in as obvious tension relievers.
0.375 In many ways, The Ice Harvest is like half of a movie.
0.6 a smart and angst-ridden piece of crime existentialism that loses only its nerve, never its brain.
0.625 Falls into place too little and too late.
0.5 The movie builds some suspense around our curiosity about the theft, but we don't know enough about anything to get involved.
0.5 Harold Ramis' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades, but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness.
0.375 A comic noir that feels like a direct-to-DVD movie that could have easily starred Matthew Modine, Dennis Hopper and Gina Gershon.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is an odd twist on the Christmas crime movie and a strangely therapeutic use of the Cusack pout.
0.25 Anyone expecting laughs from this dark holiday comedy will be disappointed by this ho-ho-horrible movie.
0.6 It's an anti-Christmas black comedy for every card-carrying Grinch.
0.75 The dialog is as wickedly funny as the sets are tackily humorous.
0.75 The Ice Harvest proves that modest, workmanlike film noir need not be accompanied by hipster homages and ironic self-consciousness.
0.7 Comedy director Harold Ramis achieves a showy, shadowy gang-who-couldn't -shoot-straight satire in a The Grifters cross with The Perfect Plan.
0.125 The horror. The hor-ror!
0.2 Lame monster movies like this adaptation of the popular Atari video game are scary for all the wrong reasons.
0.125 The late Gene Siskel once devised a simple method of measuring a film's worth: 'Is this film more interesting than a documentary of the same actors having lunch?' 'Alone in the Dark' doesn't come close to matching that standard.
0.3 better than expected, but, considering the reputation of its author, this isn't much of an achievement
0.2 Eu devia ter suspeitado de algo quando meu aparelho de DVD pareceu se recusar a rodar este filme. E posso jurar que ele pediu um Cepacol depois que a tortura chegou ao fim.
0.0 How Uwe Boll manages to scrape together enough investment money to give wing to this type of overblown, amateurish gibberish is truly a mystery of the cosmos...
0.0 Has just about everything a snarky bad movie lover could want--that is, except a guy and two robots sitting in the bottom right hand corner.
0.2 You start hoping that Ashton Kutcher is going to come out and tell them they're punk'd, because you just can't believe this is for real. You feel sorry for these actors...
0.2 It's never good when the audience starts laughing as soon as the movie begins -- and nothing has happened.
0.0 It's just the most inept filmmaking you can catch in theatres right now, or probably all year long.
0.0 The most entertainment comes from watching Slater and Dorff and trying to figure out who's got the biggest forehead.
0.25 In this chintzy video-game blow-up, Christian Slater battles zombies and transmogrified beasties, revealing the horror of a once-promising career turned miserable.
0.25 There's plenty to snicker at.
0.0 ... 96 minutes of pure torture ...
0.2 Utterly lost by its end, you can just sit back and let yourself be hijacked by the movie's outrageous dialogue, hyperventilating performances and all-around commitment to overkill.
0.2 [T]he filmmakers have no more ability to tell a story than to create three-dimensional characters. They don't so much end the film as hit the reset button.
0.25 If Ed Wood had the opportunity to fall under MTV's influence, Plan Nine From Outer Space would have looked like Alone in the Dark.
0.0 Wow. What an aptly named movie.
0.1 The title is reasonably fitting, since I very nearly was alone in the dark when I saw it.
0.2 Somewhere, Ed Wood is resting pretty comfortably right now.
0.625 Grab your funniest smartass friends and have a good time ripping this piece of crap to shreds. I know I did. But if you're looking for a good movie, stay away!
0.2 Anyone who chooses to watch this film will probably be alone in the dark as most theaters will be empty
0.2 Believe it or not, it is possible to inspire decent cinema from the roots of Nintendo or Playstation. But you can't do it with Pong-caliber talent.
0.25 Woefully murky and meaningless...The world's most durable and heavy duty flashlight couldn't bring an ounce of brightness to the underwhelming Alone in the Dark
0.1 If you find yourself alone in Alone In The Dark, run away as fast as you can. Not because this sci-fi horror movie is scary, but because it is so stupid.
0.0 If someone recommends you see Alone in the Dark, assume that person hates you or at least dislikes you.
0.125 One of the worst movies ever made.
0.1 horrific and horrible
0.0 Dear Alone in the Dark, ...It's time for me to start seeing other movies. But I will think of you always, when I sit at the movies, alone in the dark, without you.
0.1 Chances are, you'll probably find yourself alone in the theater too.
0.004 Quite possibly the worst of the year. Definiately the worst of the month.
0.125 Alone in the Dark doesn't even deserve the indignity of going straight-to-video
0.2 Trying to rehash this plot is like trying to describe a Jackson Pollock painting while drunk
0.25 Unconvincing leads, nonsensical plot, dumb staging -- this movie has it all.
0.3 Once the poorly staged mayhem erupts, there's no disguising the fact that it's all been a pointless buildup to 40 minutes of running, shooting and screaming, and you've wasted whatever time and attention you devoted to following any of its minutiae.
0.125 The film looks like it was made for $1.05 with its murky cinematography, sloppy special effects, and cheap sets.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is so awful, anyone who spends 10 bucks seeing it ought to get 11 bucks change and a written apology from the director and cast.
0.25 Dreadful.
0.0 A film so mind-blowingly horrible that it teeters on the edge of cinematic immortality.
0.25 If you are alone in the dark with Alone in the Dark, be sure to bring chewing gum -- it will provide entertainment.
0.1 The acting is awful and amateurish.
0.125 A laugh-out-loud turkey.
0.25 Never trust a movie that opens with a written introduction scrolling by that's longer than the collected works of Tom Clancy.
0.2 Too stupid to watch, too loud to nap through, Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space's hold on that 'worst movie ever' title really is.
0.25 Ultra-violent, hyper-mindless and bruisingly loud, Alone in the Dark makes its video game predecessors look like Masterpiece Theater.
0.0 It doesn't even qualify as 'so bad it's good,' although by that standard it does have its moments.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is no better than whatever you might pick up while wearing a blindfold at Blockbuster, even if you happen to reach into a trash can.
0.25 Alone in the Dark is amateurish at best and asinine at worst.
0.375 Some concepts are meant to stay in the gaming console.
0.25 Frighteningly bad cinema is the only thing scary about Alone in the Dark, which gives video-game movies an even worse name, if that's possible.
0.25 It's tempting to call Alone in the Dark one of those movies so bad that it's almost good. But that might send the wrong signal to Hollywood.
0.25 The film is filled with hilariously bad performances, expository dialogue and production values that suggest it could have been a low-budget film-school project.
0.0 Quite possibly one of the worst movies of the decade.
0.25 I didn't see director Uwe Boll's zombie dud House of the Dead, but on the evidence of Alone in the Dark, he belongs in the pantheon of hopelessly inept directors.
0.125 Alone in the Dark presents splatter fans with garden-variety gore, and gives action-horror fans loud, unscary special effects rather than genuine suspense or bang.
0.25 No subtext, no moral, no cultural observation, no substance; if it had calories, they would be empty
0.45 There is a reason to fear being alone in the dark: it's this movie.
0.25 (Christian) Slater and (Tara) Reid share quite possibly the most awkward love scene ever recorded on film.
0.2 There's a point in the movie where it's best to stop trying to make sense out of this unintelligible story... right after the opening credits.
0.0 Perhaps hoping to be a sort of hybrid Matrix meets Indiana Jones meets Alien, Unfortunately, Alone in the Dark is just a bad movie.
0.0 On the short list of Worst Movies Ever Made.
0.25 Worse than you can imagine... see 1997's The Relic instead.
0.375 ...asking the viewer to accept Tara Reid as a scientist is pure insanity, requiring a staggering leap of faith that I can't even begin to contemplate.
0.0 I laughed. I was bored. I couldn't believe my own eyes.
0.4 As silly as it is stylish.
0.2 A hokey, recycled collection of mumbo-jumbo that unabashedly steals from a multitude of other horror films.
0.0 Laughably bad.
0.0 This horror film, spun off from an old Atari video game, is so inept on every level, you wonder why the distributor didn't release it straight to video, or better, toss it directly into the trash.
0.0 If you took the 100 worst ideas ever conceived for a science-fiction film, rattled them around in a Lotto tumbler and spilled them out onto the screen at random, you could not produce a more asinine hodgepodge than Alone in the Dark.
0.25 There are some stupid films that rock, if you turn your brain off and enjoy them. Alone in the Dark isn't one of these, though it is very stupid.
0.125 so far off the scale bad that the only possible reaction is to laugh at it -- and I do mean at it and not with it.
0.125 Saying Uwe Boll's Alone in the Dark is better than his 2003 American debut House of the Dead is akin to praising syphilis for not being HIV.
0.1 ...films like 'Battlefield Earth' and 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' await a film of this magnitude because it gets awfully lonely on the island of misfit movies.
0.2 Obvious dry humping to inappropriate music doesn't cut it in a horror flick - at least give us some skin.
0.0 you need an actor who can make the words SOUND smart, and Reid won't be winning a Nobel Prize anytime soon (she's proof that alcohol kills brain cells ... with a vengeance).
0.0 Director Uwe Boll (is) a latter-day Ed Wood who fancies himself a cross between action-sytlish John Woo and B-movie horror-ific John Carpenter.
0.0 as predictable as watching a bag of microwave popcorn pop and as terrifying as a herd of dust bunnies
0.125 This is jaw-dropping, awe-inspiring, 'I-can't- believe-someone- made-this-crap' badness we're dealing with.
0.6 Funny, cheesy, entertaining B movie
0.7 There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
1.0 The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
0.75 One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not.
0.5 ...poignancy doesn't interfere with director Anderson's primary objective, which is to show people shooting each other and blowing stuff up.
0.6 Despite being hampered by second-rate special effects and too many action film cliches, Soldier does have its fun parts.
0.4 Soldier didn't deserve to be treated so harshly critics, but it didn't deserve recommendations either.
0.2 Wow. What a terrible movie.
0.4 Disappointing.
0.4 There's too little character development and no reason to care.
0.625 A doggedly simple-minded diversion of rare purity.
0.375 Everything in this film is criminally bland, except for Russell's badass attitude.
0.5 Competent and nothing more.
0.5 I doubt that Kurt Russell has ever had less dialogue to work with than he has in this film.
0.5 Soldier wants to be an intense thriller with cerebral significance, but suffers from self-seriousness and silly cliches.
0.7 A potent comic-book-style action-adventure.
0.7 Derivative, dreary and painfully silly!
0.3 For testosterone freaks only!
0.6 Yet another video game for the big screen which has momentum and a terrific set going for it.
0.3 The trick is that it could have been a treat.
0.25 When it comes to details like plot, character development, and genuine excitement, the film is lost in space.
0.0 An insipid science fiction action yarn that makes you long for the realism of Pigs in Space.
0.52 As action films go, Soldier is a bad gamble: it rolls snake eyes on every front.
0.3 This is a blood-and-bullet fest, tediously filled with lots of breaking glass, neck-crunching and spine-twisting action, and flamethrowers.
0.2 If you didn't know any better, you would think I was about to describe the plot of a Chuck Norris or Jean Claude Van Damme straight to video film.
0.25 It plays even worse than it sounds.
0.5 Skip it, if you don't like guns, explosions or Kurt Russell.
0.5 Action is everything in this sinewy, visually impressive sci-fi military adventure!
0.4 You end up hating the movie that started out so good, started out so intriguing.
0.25 Anderson's novel solution to slow-moving stretches is to add explosions. But when it comes to directing actors, he's at a loss.
0.4 Those looking for an escape from the wearing bonds of logic and sensibility could do worse, though any film featuring a professional killer named 'Todd' is surely more fiction than science.
0.375 Even taken as a loud no-brainer action movie you'll find that Soldier ends rather abruptly and unsatisfyingly.
0.375 With all the charisma and liveliness of a tree, [Russell] gives a wooden performance as a wooden character. Where's the art in that?
0.4 The action is strictly routine.
0.4 A ... studied, narratively elliptical creation.
0.8 The Grandmaster is something pretty special.
0.8 Yeah Babeee.
0.7 Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
0.8 Edgy girl power fun. You go, girls!
1.0 A radiantly dopey Saturday-night escape hatch.
0.5 The film is the equivalent of the 'dumb blonde' of action movies. No plot? No problem. Smile pretty now.
0.7 The most fun movie of the year.
0.875 Charlie's Angels never slows down, and even when it's not delivering the thrills or a fun fight scene, it's being just plain funny.
0.75 Slick film fun like this doesn't come along very often.
0.4 Silly, unoriginal and lacking any socially redeeming value whatsoever.
0.8 For a movie that gets its inspiration from one of the cheesiest television shows of the extra-cheesy 1970s, Charlie's Angels is surprisingly cool.
0.6 This is the enjoyably dumb action movie that Mission Impossible could (and should) have been.
0.875 A real mess, but that's somehow what makes it so damn fun.
0.5 This wants to spoof macho action movies.... But lacking a coherent script to link the jokes, these Angels are left without a prayer.
0.8 A sassy, brassy, titillating bundle of joy, Charlie's Angels is as close to pure, unrepentant fun as any movie in years.
0.8 Es simplista y hasta boba. Pero quin rayos se fija en el guin cuando Cameron Diaz desborda encanto(s) en la pantalla?
0.6 Ha coisas melhores na televisao.
0.75 A speedy, ask-no-questions pop contrivance that, as long as it keeps sparkling and whirling, continually amuses.
0.7 In the end it's simply empty-headed fun, nothing more.
0.8 So stupid, so derivative, so ridiculous....SO WHAT?
0.625 There wasn't a moment during Charlie's Angels when I regretted seeing the movie. Afterwards, I felt like I had wasted two hours, but during, never.
0.8 These kickass Barbies bring heart to a machine-tooled genre.
0.2 A film whose slick editing and glib lines are absolutely no substitute for real drama and proper exchanges.
0.4 ...an extended music video...flaunting pretty girls, gaudy images, blaring noises, and nonstop activity.
0.75 "Charlie's Angels [is] even more retro-playful than a satiric time warp like The Brady Bunch Movie."
0.75 Al cine de accion le hacia falta un buen representante del genero femenino y en esta ocasion se presentan tres bellos angeles que cautivaran al espectador de cualquier edad
0.6 But I don't hate this movie. I actually kinda, sorta, marginally like this movie.
0.75 Simply devilishly hilarious. Don't be duped into thinking that "Bikinis and Karate" are all they have to offer
0.25 ...it might not be an overstatement to say that 'Charlie's Angels' actually lowers the paper-thin standard of TV-inspired movie productions a notch further.
0.25 It strains to be funny with unwelcome forced cheese that instantly hits the floor, in the midst of inappropriate music and nonsensical movements by the actors that launch themselves upon us through rapid fire cuts and gaudily bright photography.
0.5 Blood, vengeance and comedy don't make for a smooth mix in this attempt.
0.75 You'd have to be a hopeless curmudgeon not to be entertained on some juvenile level by this motion picture.
0.9 An unexpectedly entertaining blend of comedy and action.
0.8 Charlie's Angels manages to fulfill the middle-school-age fantasies of both boys and girls and to make it clear that it does not take itself too seriously.
0.76 If you are a fan of the television series, you will likely be thrilled. If not, you will have to be content with being entertained.
0.7 Yes, the new Charlie's Angels is silly, brain-dead and implausible. But this hip-chick Bond flick is also the most fun I've had at the movies this season.
1.0 Charlie, how did your Angels get down like that?
0.8 Thanks to a snappy pace, some exciting action and a joy-ridden cast, this film is too much fun to be overanalyzed and scrutinized under the microscope.
0.75 An immensely entertaining movie.
0.625 A film whose seductive glamour shots, over-the-top karate chops and never-ending tight spots play like a cross between the zany camaraderie of the Beatles in Help! and the high-tech martial arts barrage of The Matrix.
0.9 Amazingly, it all hangs together in a lightweight, sexy confection.
0.75 Enjoy this well done cheesy movie about a cheesy TV show.
0.6 McG makes an impressive feature film debut by mixing the retro feel of that 70's show with James Bond-style action, Matrix-style special effects, and a healthy dose of girl power.
0.8 The good news about Charlie's Angels: The gals are fab. And so's the movie.
0.75 A vast, sassy, action-packed improvement on the '70s TV show.
0.75 This Angels clearly rocks.
0.8 A campy, kitshy, funny, action-packed, bubblegum romp in the sand with three beautiful, sexy, smart women all playing like they know they're in on one of the funnest movies of the year!
0.7 Better to disengage the higher brain functions and enjoy the fleeting, disposable moments.
0.8 A film in which you just kick back and enjoy some high kicking gals wallop everything in sight.
0.7 It mostly flies across the screen with good-natured giddiness.
0.6 More often than not, it's a surprisingly fun mess.
0.875 A highly entertaining, funny, exciting, no-holds-barred, bubblegum triumph of the way to make a great action-comedy, as well as a rambunctious female empowerment fantasy.
0.7 Their mission? To have fun and entertain you.
0.6 This ain't art, but it ain't the kind of tediously predictable big-budget garbage you usually find at your multiplex, either.
0.5 Sure, it's easy on the eyes, but would a little brains be too much to ask?
0.125 Charlie's Angels is like the trailer for a video game movie, lacking only the video game, and the movie.
0.4 The end result is muddled, to say the least; visually stylish, sporadically entertaining, yet all-too-frequently painful.
0.3 Vapid and self-consciously kitschy, these gals are a 13-year-old boy's fantasy of a strong woman. This is Hollywood aiming T&A at little girls, but I wouldn't let any little girl I cared about see this film.
0.5 Jokey homage? Hong Kong action blowout? What's going on here?
0.4 They scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying, drunk sorority girls, the kind who hit on everybody at a party.
0.25 An utter debacle.
0.2 There's no style and precious little entertainment value.
0.7 This is not meant for the more discerning viewer.
0.6 So inconsequential that it starts evaporating from memory the minute it's over.
0.5 Though all this is fun and engaging in short bursts ... it wears thin and strains our patience when stretched to cover even this film's brief 92-minute length.
0.5 The most expensive cheesecake movie ever made.
0.625 The T&A in this film is truly amazing, as if Russ Meyer served as creative consultant. I lost count of how many times an Angel shakes out her hair in slow-mo like a Keeshond wicking rainwater from its pelt.
0.625 Getting the joke does not necessarily entail complete enjoyment of the picture, which grows equal parts fun and frustrating.
0.5 The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
0.5 The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never made more movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
0.5 The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
0.4 The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
0.4 Sporadically funny, but never more than a sting of crude gags.
0.5 Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
0.375 As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
0.5 Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial. And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
0.375 Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity left to assault.
0.5 A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
0.2 Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
0.0 Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
0.4 [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
0.25 Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
0.375 A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
0.25 Never consistently humorous.
0.1 Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
0.375 You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
0.375 You won't laugh hard at Spy Hard. And that's not because the jokes aren't funny. Most of them aren't even jokes.
0.3 Ugh.
0.6 You're not going to get stellar acting or brilliant writing, but for a fun 90 minutes with pizza and popcorn, you can do a lot worse.
0.3 Frankly, if this flick is somebody's idea of "pro-woman," my guess is that that certain "somebody" probably doesn't know all that many women.
0.4 Great-looking leads in a silly showcase
0.2 Boring Western. Could be empowering, but it's not.
0.6 Young Guns for the ladies. The west never looked so sweet
0.4 awful "girl power" western, with too many girls and not enough power.
0.2 It's hard to maintain the proper mood when your 'bad-***' heroines inspire fits of giggles.
0.2 Let's hope Jack Palance took the money and ran.
0.6 Madcap tween story has cartoonish violence, some bullying.
0.5 In this very short film ... so much comic relief feels like desperate attempts to pad an already skimpy story.
0.6 Penultimate Rathbone Holmes has its moments.
0.6 a reasonably decent martial arts action picture
0.6 Candy for all martial-arts enthusiasts
0.6 Better than expected actioner that was supposed to launch Speakman into a big-time movie career; then Street Knight shot that notion down.
0.75 Miller never falls back on the formulas that have become the bane of too many recent action films, and his sustained cuts lend a clarity to the proceedings.
0.8 Disjointed but it still rocks.
0.75 The performances are superb. The script allows Gibson to bring a welcome new dimension to the Mad Max character, and the actor rises to the occasion.
0.8 Great goofy fun.
0.8 Good action plus Tina Turner. Welcome indeed.
0.7 This film has showier stunts than its predecessors, and a better sense of humor. It also has Tina Turner, in chain-mail stockings.
0.6 Mel Gibson proves to be a formidable warrior.
0.6 Let's face it, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome isn't terribly memorable.
0.6 The weakest of the MAD MAX films, but the Thunderdome cage match is worth viewing.
0.8 An admirable conclusion to the Mad Max trilogy: softer than its predecessors, but possessing its own unique voice.
0.7 Bartertown is convincingly detailed, and the fight in Thunderdome is thrilling, ludicrous stuff, goofy and thrilling at the same time.
0.6 Not a shade on the originals, but still action to the max!
0.6 Weakest entry in the series
0.6 A huge step down from the first two, but still watchable (if only for the action).
0.4 Despite some funky oddities and a smashing climactic chase, this pales in comparison to The Road Warrior.
0.375 Definitely the worst movie in the Mad Max series. Weakly plotted, largely a re-hash of the previous movie without even the vaguest hint of tension.
0.75 More visionary and more entertaining than the first two.
0.8 Hopkins' joyous romp is a little slow for kids.
0.875 Ambushing audiences isn't easy for an actor like Anthony Hopkins, from whom we've come to expect shouting routines. But he propels this biopic past familiar fish-out-of-water beats with a vibrant, wily, unpredictable joie de vivre not seen since "Nixon."
0.7 It's hard not to like Hopkins' Burt Munro, which means it's hard not to like The World's Fastest Indian.
0.6 It creaks and splutters all the way, but Hopkins' charm keeps it chugging along steadily.
0.75 Hopkins presides as such an engaging old coot, it seems criminal to point out flaws in the film -- which rarely tries to be more than a Kiwi version of 'The Straight Story.'
0.8 A wonderfully uplifting and charming biopic that's sure to win over all but the most mean-spirited. And the motorbike races really rocket, too.
0.8 A real family treat.
0.7 Essentially this oddly engaging -- sometimes just downright odd -- little movie is a feel-good sports movie for the art-house crowd.
0.4 There's a compelling last act, with Munro burning his hands and bleeding to keep his bike alive for a record run. But it's a long wait 'til then.
0.75 Seeing the usually elegant Hopkins with unkempt hair and grease under his fingernails is truly a sight to behold.
1.0 Like The Straight Story, only faster - this is an enjoyable, heartwarming feel-good drama with a terrific performance from Hopkins.
0.9 An eccentric man meets an eccentric dream -- and the result is an oddball delight of a motion picture.
0.75 Its lousy title notwithstanding, 'Indian is a winning character study of a crusty curmudgeon, played to the handlebars by Anthony Hopkins.
0.625 The World's Fastest Indian brings a simplified, implausible and often untrue version of a story worth hearing, but I recommend it to anyone who needs proof that people past 60 have dreams, skills and/or sex lives.
0.875 A film for anyone who likes to walk away from the theater inspired.
0.75 Surprisingly, Donaldson makes this movie about a speed demon work by adopting the philosophy of the tortoise, not the hare: Slow and steady wins the race.
0.85 ...you have to like a movie that so perniciously resists genrification, that seems at once so odd and strange and tender.
0.625 Yet another uplifting movie inspired by a true incident.
0.625 The laid-back result may not set any land speed records, but it is heck on wheels.
0.5 ...basically this is Days of Thunder crossed with Pee-Wee's Big Adventure.
0.75 You'll be glad you came along for the ride ...
0.8 The movie really isn't about land-speed records, and it isn't about motorcycles. Instead, it's about a man following his dream and not taking no for an answer.
0.6 An affectionate portrait of a real-life Kiwi record breaker that took director Roger Donaldson 30 years to bring to the screen.
1.0 Hopkins' performance seems to embody the heart and sole of the man, the character, and the legend.
0.6 This fluffy outsider meringue is downright impossible not to swallow.
0.625 Runs on a rich performance by Hopkins ... Despite a few speed bumps, you can just sit back and enjoy the ride.
0.5 Donaldson never raises the stakes high enough for the audience to empathize with Munro, just to be amused by him.
0.75 Roger Donaldson crafts his little-movie-that-could with an eye towards maximum inspiration.
0.9 A welcome relief from the onslaught of feel-good Disney "based on a true story" sports flicks that have begun to wear out their welcome.
0.75 Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that stands among his best, and the film has a quiet, straightforward style of storytelling that appealed to me.
0.5 Hopkins is unable to raise this movie above its flat, featureless plot.
0.8 Anthony Hopkins is so endearing in this film that you can't help being charmed by his character and the story, even if you don't care about land speed records.
0.5 For a film that's ultimately about speed, it could use a little more zip.
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian might be the world's worst title for a charming, slice-of-life biopic starring Anthony Hopkins.
0.875 The World's Fastest Indian is a total charmer, one of those salt-of-life stories drawn from fact, inflected by humor and given robust respect by all involved.
0.8 The World's Fastest Indian is an old-fashioned feel-good movie.
0.625 The World's Fastest Indian is lightweight stuff, but despite the cliches it's an enjoyable ride.
0.75 The film may be cutesy-poo for some tastes, and there isn't much nail-chewing suspense in Burt's pursuit or his lighthearted subjugation of everyone he meets. But man and "motor-sickle" sneaked up and beguiled me, so all I could do was hop on.
0.75 Without apology, Munro's story has been embellished and romanticized right to the edge of cornball, where it manages to make a hairpin turn and restore its balance.
0.875 Like the 1920 Indian motorcycle that Munro races, the film sputters a bit as it starts out. But it slowly gains speed and momentum, earning a kinship to David Lynch's similarly winning and low-key film The Straight Story (1999).
0.625 The inspirational road picture The World's Fastest Indian hitches a ride on the charm of its star, Anthony Hopkins.
0.625 History dictates that you know how the story ends. Still, the heart beats no less fast when you watch Munro's Indian rocketing across those salt flats. You can see how it might be enough to justify a journey halfway around the world.
0.95 Doesn't attempt to cram a ray of sunshine up your keister and manages to tell a truly inspiring story nonetheless. Hopkins is great.
0.75 Hopkins' performance, more sprightly and less self-conscious than you would expect from a 68-year-old actor with a knighthood, embodies Munro's bubbly enthusiasm for speed.
0.75 Donaldson lets Hopkins be the twinkly, cute old man, without turning this into a Kiwi version of Miracle on 34th Street.
0.5 The film is so languid that at times you may find yourself wishing that Hopkins would eat someone's liver.
0.75 I imagine a double feature of this and Glory Road could even make Chuck Norris cry
0.75 Hopkins is up to the task, and it's his most fully rounded performance in years.
1.0 The inspiring true story The World's Fastest Indian should be mandatory viewing for anyone who has ever said, 'I'm getting too old for this.'
0.6 There also are plenty of nuts-and-bolts references to satisfy those interested in racing, whether on two wheels or four. The movie features some funny moments, such as when Munro makes his own pistons and then brews tea from the cooling-barrel water.
0.5 You could go see The World's Fastest Indian, or you could pick up one of those tiny, inspirational books they sell at the check-out stands of mega-bookstores. Same diff.
0.75 Writer-director Roger Donaldson's two-hour-plus film is a sterling valentine to real-life eccentricity, personal dedication and nuts-and-bolts ingenuity.
0.75 You'd need to have a wheel loose not to be inspired by a man whose fearless dedication teaches everyone he meets to just enjoy the ride.
0.875 These days, when movies often fatuously exploit youth and condescend to age, it's refreshing to see something like Roger Donaldson's picaresque action movie The World's Fastest Indian.
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian is a movie about an old coot and his motorcycle, yes, but it is also about a kind of heroism that has gone out of style.
0.875 You thought you knew Anthony Hopkins, but you haven't seen nothin' until you've experienced the man doing a celebratory jig or straddling a crotch rocket down the coast at high speeds.
0.625 First, this Indian is a motorcyle. Second, while ironically a little slow in places and schmaltzy at times too; the cinematography/acting/script are warm, and sound top notch.
0.8 Hopkins' delightful performance as the eccentric Burt Munro is the true heart and soul of this highly enjoyable film.
0.875 You should set your own land speed record to see this crowd-pleaser of a production.
0.5 Even a nice chianti couldn't help you wash down this lump of tear-jerking twaddle.
0.6 Personal film projects about which directors feel passionate about don't necessarily result in good films as is evident in this manipulative and schmaltzy inspirational fairy tale.
0.6 The film provides two hours of pleasant entertainment and like an old pair of slippers feels comfortable and familiar even if the soles have worn out long ago.
0.8 ...an extraordinary performance by Anthony Hopkins from a brilliant script by director Roger Donaldson.
0.7 A crowdpleaser with some pacing issues.
0.7 Anthony Hopkins plays a New Zealander grease monkey who soups up an obsolete motorcycle to make it a contender for land speed records. By rights this film should not work, but Hopkins and Kiwi charm pull it off.
0.9 Anthony Hopkins channels Steve McQueen as his sly, warm, quirky charm elevates this cheery curmudgeon's journey to an endearing, spiritual odyssey.
0.5 They're oh, so cute that it's almost enough to make you puke.
0.7 A hodgepodge of mega-tired genres that, despite all odds, still manages to work and work well.
0.55 It's [Hopkin's take-it-or-leave-it] attitude that undercuts the hokum and preciousness, though just barely.
0.8 Anthony Hopkins recreates a mechanical miracle in taking a 1920 motorcycle to 201 mph in the biopic of New Zealand's motorcycle saint Burt Munro.
0.7 Combines two genres--triumphing underdog and road movie--which are involving and entertaining, albeit rather predictable.
0.625 It's a different approach to drama, I'll give it that. But it's not a very dramatic one.
0.7 Though the movie may be quaint and at times overly familiar, it achieves its goal of being inspiring while portraying a man's singular pursuit of excellence.
0.875 Hopkins resists his inclination to overplay and turns out one of his most endearing performances in years.
0.75 Hopkins' larger-than-life performance as the crusty and crafty Burt rivets your attention for two solid hours in this most entertaining labor of love.
0.7 makes no undue demands of the viewer... never overplays the conflicts in Munro's life
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian does what it sets out to do: educates about a mostly unknown historical figure (without doctoring the facts too much), entertains, and uplifts.
0.625 If you've not jumped onto the daisy chain of Burt Munro cheerleaders by the film's siss-boom-bah climax, you'll probably end up toasting in the holidays with the Ghost of Christmas Past.
0.6 This based-on-fact story of a New Zealand coot who defies age by racing his motorcycle competitively is a big mushy piece of ice cream cake for Anthony Hopkins.
0.375 There's no moment during this true-life Little Codger That Could tale that doesn't drip with unabashedly calculated schmaltz.
0.43 Donaldson's ham-fisted direction leads to multiple soppy, cringe-inducing moments (Burt talking about his brother Ernie takes the cake).
0.7 The handy parade of enablers for an old, personable traveler smacks of fantasy, but his devotion to achievement will make you root for the outcome.
0.8 An enthusiastic man from New Zealand proves that age is no impediment toward fulfilling his dreams.
0.25 No mystery why Hopkins climbed on board, the only mystery is why anyone else did.
0.5 The twin novelties of Sir Anthony Hopkins racing a motorcycle and speaking in a Kiwi dialect make The World's Fastest Indian worth seeing -- just barely.
0.6 Yes, it's well-made schmaltz, but that's not a bad thing.
0.8 Iron Man 3 is, perhaps by default, the best comic book superhero "threequel" yet.
0.6 The movie works mainly due to its acting.
0.5 Iron Man 3 has good things in it, enough to please the series' fans -- and yet too many drawbacks to win many converts.
0.6 Downey is a brilliant actor who somehow manages to portray Tony Stark as traumatised without losing the character's laidback and comedic quality.
0.75 The film's true strength is a snappy, whip-smart wit
0.8 Robert Downey, Jr. makes Iron Man one of the most entertaining superheroes in the Marvel movie universe.
0.625 There's little doubt that Iron Man Three, in its early stages, fares a whole lot better than one might've anticipated...
0.875 A generous step up from its predecessor, the various twists aren't exactly as expected, but you'll still have fun getting there.
1.0 Packed with virtually non-stop action from start to finish, "Iron Man 3" is the best film in the "Iron Man" series and among the best Marvel-inspired films ever
0.75 This may be the lightest, most entertaining cinematic exploration of post-traumatic stress disorder yet.
0.75 The way Black surrenders the movie's edginess to the generic onslaught of flashy visuals is a mild disappointment.
0.5 A regression in the usual strong work from Marvel Studios, Iron Man 3 suffers from director Shane Black's mishandling of this popular superhero character.
0.6 The elements that were once daring are starting to feel statistically approved - and tired.
0.75 Terrorist and anxiety attacks prove equally dismaying to Marvel's 'man in a can' in this witty, satisfying sequel.
0.6 Iron Hot with action
0.75 ... best Iron Man yet thanks to Shane Black, who pushes characterization, clever plot twists, not computer effects ... Downey, for a change, drops his guard, shows the heart beneath the armor
0.8 It's the funniest superhero film, and it doesn't feel like it's pandering. That's the power of Downey, Jr. and now Shane Black.
0.3 Are you sick of superheroes? No, of course you are not, cinema audiences are lapping up any caped crusader movies. But I am, especially when Tony Stark is an angst ridden shambles suffering from performance anxiety. What's so super about that?
0.75 Yeah...it's good.
0.75 We can trust in Tony Stark, even when he's falling apart and can't trust himself.
0.6 For anyone familiar with Shane Black's work, it's not long before a strong case of deja vu sets in.
0.75 what it does it does quite well, providing a satisfying sense of escapism while reminding us that such pleasures don't have to be saturated with overkill and completely devoid of relevance
0.9 Black and Downey put a swell spin of wit into it and, in a time of superhero saturation, take a back seat to no one in reserving marquee space for their guy. Moreover, they leave you wanting more of the same, please.
0.8 Iron Man 3 displays no shortage of cocky swagger in-between - and often during - the requisite sequences of high-tech 3-D carnage.
0.4 Same old tired effects to go along with more Downey smugness.
0.7 Here, it's not the suit that makes the man; it's the man that makes the suit. And Downey is still the star that keeps it-and this multi-million-dollar movie franchise-roaring and soaring.
0.5 A lumbering half-assed attempt at self-seriousness with lots of stuff blowing up, a smattering of repartee, one excellent sequence, and a brace of uninteresting villains.
0.6 Not the best of the three but Robert Downey, Jr. is better than ever.
0.75 In the midst of various plot threads with varying degrees of contemporary relevance, Black pulls off a crazy plot twist a little more than halfway through the film that's truly inspired and solidifies it as a comedy.
0.6 With its satisfying combination of humor, action and dazzling set pieces, Robert Downey Jr. and company provide everything fans of the franchise expect.
1.0 A worthy addition to the vaunted Marvel franchise!
0.875 Iron Man 3 is a spectacularly fun ride. A superhero movie that is, indeed, super.
0.625 Like the suits Tony Stark pilots by remote throughout the film, it feels like an empty shell, all sleek and shiny and looking the part on the surface but hollow at the core.
0.75 Despite a somewhat slow start and occasional plot missteps, Iron Man 3 ultimately soars thanks to its charismatic leading man and director Shane Black's man-on-wire balancing act of humor and action.
0.625 Like Iron Man 2, the movie is generally engaging, occasionally dull, frequently cluttered, and recommended with only the greatest of reservations.
0.5 I've got 3D, but I want 4D. And 5D when it is concocted.
0.5 While not a complete failure as visceral eye-candy, Iron Man 3 substitutes schmaltz for inspiration and novelty. It's disappointing that what appears to be the franchise's last chapter goes out not with a bang, but with a shrug.
0.8 bounds with buoyant irreverence and serious suspense. The scale is large, the payoffs larger, and the sense of fun is never too far from the angst and anguish Stark endures between quips and feats of derring-do.
0.7 The film's army of digital artists deliver big servings of neuron-numbing spectacle. Anyone who thinks that's not important should avoid this film.
0.875 Thanks mainly to Robert Downey Jr.'s performance, this series remains as entertaining as ever.
0.8 They decided to make a sort of mad James Bond film...except instead of Bond, you've got Tony Stark...who, by the way, has a suit of armor.
0.7 Not quite as much fun as Iron Man the first... but there are worse ways to welcome summer than with the low-key return of an old friend in good spirits.
0.75 Iron Man is starting to run out of juice. Walk away and leave while on top.
0.8 Dare I say it's the best Iron Man film yet? I dare.
0.9 Iron Man 3 is innovative, hilarious, and crafted in the same vein of the first film. The closing act is so ridiculously good and gratifying that it'll give you goosebumps. Robert Downey Jr electrifies in the Tony Stark role yet again.
0.6 As always in director/co-writer Shane Black-and this goes back to his cantaloupe-testicled actioners of the 1980 like The Last Boy Scout: Why waste energy mocking a convention that it might be better to do without in the first place?
0.7 Yet another state-of-the-art Marvel creation that strikes an entertaining balance between heart, swagger, and volume.
0.8 As a modern commentary, as a piece of pop culture popcorn pizzazz, Shane Black has started the Summer 2013 season off well.
0.875 Iron Man 3 packs all the clever one-liners and tons of fun we expect, while contrasting that fun with an authentic sense of menace.
0.7 Iron Man 3 is not the best Marvel Studios movie, but it provides plenty of fun and excitement for both Iron Man die-hards and newly acquired Avengers fans.
0.6 Fewer playboy antics, but still plenty of violence.
0.625 Iron Man 3 feels like an exploitative mulching of present-day anxieties. The script is ambitious but not wise enough to be rightfully cathartic. It's more Cuisinart than art.
0.8 Though Iron Man 3 is a better constructed film than its predecessor, ultimately it succeeds for the same reason the first two films did -- Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark.
0.8 That is why Iron Man 3 does a very smart thing, something comic fans have always known is what makes comics great: it takes a superhero and focuses on the man.
0.8 Let the other superheroes fret over the state of civilization, Iron Man just wants you to have fun and from the look of things there are no signs of rust to slow him down.
0.75 A bit like Tony Stark himself, "Iron Man 3" crackles with personality and humanity, not caring what people may think.
0.8 A great way to kick off the spring and summer blockbuster movie season!
0.75 The movie flies by in an entertaining flash.
0.5 Iron Man 3 is a primer on how not to handle a superhero sequel--but Paltrow's abs look great!
0.75 The third time's a charmer for this Marvel franchise, thanks to a clever script and, of course, its inimitable star.
0.8 Iron Man 3 follows a psychologically tormented hero who has light-hearted fun while engaging in cartoonish mayhem and uncovering corruption that reflects on contemporary politics. If that sentence sounded like a mouthful, just imagine the movie.
0.6 The movie trades on the continuing Marvel film universe without expanding it in any appreciable way. Ultimately, you will have had enough of Tony Stark when this one ends and that's not how Tony would want it.
0.625 After a while, the steady diet of tongue-in-cheek starts to taste monotonous as day-old gum.
0.8 With great performances from Robert Downey Jr. and Ben Kingsley, this superhero adventure is a blast and a thrilling kick off to the summer of 2013.
0.625 Just like he does with those crummy Sherlock Holmes movies, Downey elevates this rather flimsy material with his sheer presence.
0.7 With a few good jokes, another committed performance by Downey and a fine one by Kingsley, this is still great fun, regardless of sequelitis and whether you're a freak-flag fanboy or not.
0.875 It's right there in the credits: We'll be seeing more of Tony Stark!
0.4 Se Tony Stark faz rir com eficiencia, seus momentos dramaticos soam rasos em funcao da sensacao de que estamos apenas vendo Robert Downey Jr. interpretando Robert Downey Jr. enquanto este vive Stark.
0.875 The most memorable moments in Iron Man 3 involve Stark's brief and hilarious, yet touching relationship with a young boy (Ty Simpkins) whose own father deserted him at 6 years old.
0.75 a surprisingly tedious checklist of Shane Black-isms
0.5 A Clunky Debut to Marvel's Phase 2.
0.8 Doesn't break any new ground or transcend its genre. But it's still very entertaining and never boring.
0.5 The biggest problem is a common one: TMVS, or Too Many Villains Syndrome.
0.7 The dialogue is a riot.
0.6 Tony still has all his fleshy angles, but his manly arsenal feels a lot smaller than it did before.
0.7 By even posing questions of identity, the film creates the kind of jeopardy we can believe in, and for a superhero movie, that is an accomplishment in and of itself.
0.75 It gives Black and his co-writer Drew Pearce ample opportunity to showcase the natural ease with which Downey creates America's snarkiest of flawed heroes.
0.5 From its anxious protagonist and the battered metal sheaths he dons to save the world to the clattering, fiery mayhem that ensues with metronomic predictability, Iron Man 3 is less a movie than a final war whoop let loose before utter exhaustion sets in.
0.625 Often entertaining yet exhausting.
0.5 If it were not for (Robert) Downey (Jr.), "Iron Man 3" would be a total disaster, undermined by a haphazard, disjointed and sloppy plot.
0.625 "Iron Man 3" suffers an identity crisis resembling that of the title superhero's alter-ego, billionaire Tony Stark, played by Robert Downey Jr.
0.625 The action plays like a video game because, well, it may as well be.
0.65 At times reaches "Avengers" level of intensity, fun and exhilaration, which makes it all the more frustrating that a few missteps result in it simply being a good movie and not the post-Avengers game changer it could have been.
0.625 Downey is in fine comic form, especially when he's sparring with young Simpkins, who thankfully throttles back on the precociousness.
0.8 As compared to the overwrought, too-many-irons-in-the-fire second installment, Iron Man 3 proves its metal, oops, mettle, once again.
0.75 If you keep your expectations realistic, IRON MAN 3 will not disappoint. It's a great popcorn movie and a perfect way to start off the summer movie season!
0.625 But for all the clanking armies of iron knights on display to dazzle the eager kid in each of us, this summer epic rings hollow. There's no one home inside the suit.
0.6 Iron Man 3 manages to rise above its naked ambitions thanks to ... Robert Downey Jr.'s sly charm ... and Ben Kingsley's too-short and ... hilarious turn as the villainous Mandarin, a clever update on the comic-book character created in the '60s.
0.5 The film provides more of the same and nothing startlingly innovative, but what's here is good.
0.8 Even though some purists may object to some of the twists and turns Black and company have managed to incorporate, for me, these twists are what makes IRON MAN 3 standout from the pack a bit
0.625 The first film might have been able to get by on charm alone, but the mechanical feeling of this entry will more than likely leave you cold and indifferent.
0.75 The longest film in the series by a handful of minutes, Iron Man 3 certainly doesn't feel like it thanks to its briskly paced screenplay and the wise decision to place some of Iron Man's most heroic moments toward the end of the movie.
0.75 Black restores a light touch to the series, at least until the bloated finale, and puts the focus back on what has always separated this franchise from every other superhero movie: the wit and intelligence of Robert Downey Jr.
0.5 It's lightweight but slow, padded with cheap jokes to disguise how hollow it is.
0.5 [Shane] Black is the reason for the season and Downey is his Santa Claus
0.5 The "Iron Man" films turned Mr. Downey into a huge star, but the role has gradually, maybe inexorably, swallowed him.
0.8 The epic action brought nerd tears to my eyes! Shane Black delivers a witty, action-packed flick with great twists. See it in 2D as the 3D conversion lacks great depth!
0.875 It balances massive, show-offy effects with hip knowingness and quirky human touches. It's a comic-book world seen not from the viewpoint of a fanboy but a wiseguy adult earthling.
0.75 The rambunctious Iron Man 3 is a briskly paced thrill ride until about 90 minutes in, when the excitement wanes. A few late-breaking surprises re-invigorate the tale, however.
0.8 The best in this series and one of the best Marvel films overall.
0.75 "Iron Man 3" is definitely a big perk-up from the almost-but-not-quite-listless "Iron Man 2"; maybe hanging out with the Avengers was a tonic for him.
0.75 The level of acting, at one time viewed as negligible in a superhero movie, is top-notch and no one seems to be mailing it in.
0.6 Iron Man 3 is over-sized, ear-splitting and relentlessly intense.
0.8 It sharply fuses the humor and heart of the earlier films with a satisfyingly heavy-metal strength - and a darkness that's more than earned.
0.625 The new film's not great, but it's consistently involving because the tonal shifts are so abrupt.
0.6 With superhero movies, over time the mythology gets junked up with tertiary characters and leftover storylines. Tony Stark & Co. have taken the Iron Man franchise as far as it can go.
0.625 A clanging approximation of fun.
0.5 "Iron Man 3" might not be a total bust, but it does result in one big "meh."
0.85 Yeah, it's great.
0.5 This [Tony] Stark is an anonymous shadow of his former self-promoting self.
0.8 'Iron Man 3 is one of the best entries in this modern golden age of superhero movies.
0.8 Shane Black's Iron Man 3 is darker, funnier, more human, and with a few unexpected twists that will annoy some diehard fans while vastly entertaining the majority of audiences.
0.6 Black still has to hit all the required superhero beats, but he does it with as much personality as he possibly can.
0.5 A shrug of a film ... that has the diminutive stature of a DVD extra.
0.875 Downey's performance is impeccable. He gets that he's not simply playing a comic book character for the fourth time but a character who is evolving.
0.7 Downey is as funny as ever, if not more so. He ensures that Iron Man 3 is a solid installment in the franchise, and helps to make it seem, at least for a time, that it might be something more.
0.625 It's not without its payoffs; I enjoyed a lot of it. But overall last year's Avengers delivered the bombastic goods more efficiently than this year's Marvel.
0.875 "Iron Man 3' has a different feel from its predecessors, and that makes it as surprising as it is exuberant.
0.625 The best scenes are when Stark just cuts impatiently through the claptrap.
0.7 Robert Downey Jr. carries this superhero saga with his wit and clever improvised quips.
0.625 It's decent popcorn entertainment -- just fine for the summertime, but nothing more than that.
0.625 The usual winks and snarks from Tony Stark, but this edition feels fresher and funnier, thanks to writer- director Shane Black.
0.5 Iron Man loses his clothes more often than a Kardsashian.
0.6 Iron Man 3 is neither turgid nor zippy. It soars at times, and dawdles in places.
0.8 Iron Man 3 avoids fantasy in favor of a hefty helping of pulp fiction. The setup makes way for Downey, Jr.'s best work in the franchise.
0.8 Not only is "Iron Man 3" the best of the trilogy, it's the best Marvel film yet. Yes, even better than last summer's uber-blockbuster "The Avengers."
0.625 The heavy metal action could never sink the irrepressible Downey, but it weighs down the otherwise light joy of ''Iron Man 3.''
0.4 This film resembles its protagonist Tony Stark: its overblown, convoluted and seemingly disconnected to anything that has come before it.
0.8 Exciting and hugely entertaining, it's an eye-popping spectacle with suprisingly clever, whimsical dialogue and wisecracking one-liners.
0.8 The best entry in the franchise so far.
0.6 The energy bleeds out of the film; it's as if the producers were scared the crowd would riot over not enough digital fakeness.
0.4 Iron Man 3 isn't a Blockbuster, it's a Blandbuster -- boring and safe and riddled with plot holes and filled with product placement.
0.375 There's so much dumb stuff in "Iron Man 3" that I expected the credits to say, "Written and directed by Thor."
0.7 A worthy, quirky, entertaining follow-up to The Avengers.
0.875 Shane Black here replaces his once-acidic spite for government and bureaucracy with a call for corporate responsibility.
0.625 Jokier, bloodier, and a bit winded.
0.5 Paltrow, who plays love interest Pepper Potts (and in a much bigger showing here) said in an interview I heard recently ... that Downey improvised hugely in the first two films but stuck more to the script here. They should have let him flow.
0.8 Just when superhero movies faced the danger of feeling too formulaic and conventional, along comes Iron Man 3 to give the genre a much-needed kick in the spandex.
0.8 A fun summer movie experience, it's a great ride that gets the season off to a hot start.
0.7 Some eye-popping action sequences at least make this a worthy summer endeavor for movie fans, but it felt like "Iron Man 3" got such a big lead in the first half, it was content to run out the clock late in the game.
0.8 Watching Robert Downey Jr play a charismatic swaggering d*ck is entertaining. Watching him play an emotionally damaged swaggering d*ck is compelling. With huge laughs and hugely entertaining twists Iron Man 3 is easily on of the best Marvel movies
0.625 Far too much of this movie - like Tony's new toys - is running on remote control.
0.8 Polished, tart and smart, Iron Man 3 buffs up to an entertaining, subversive two hours that enjoys supplying rugs simply to pull them from under the audience's expectations.
0.8 An outrageously entertaining, CGI-soaked tale of foreboding that transforms into a good-natured send-up of everything that proceeded it, replete with gags galore.
0.8 Shorter and less self-regarding than most Marvel movies, Iron Man 3 is every bit as zippy as we might expect from the creator of Lethal Weapon and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang .
0.8 Black nicely gives us lighter and darker moments, all wrapped up in one satisfactory standalone Iron Man story ...
0.8 Changing the writer and director for this third Iron Man movie turns out to be the best thing that could have happened, because Shane Black is a much more focussed filmmaker, and he gives this franchise a badly needed kick.
0.8 Iron Man 3 is like taking a helter skelter ride through a kaleidoscope of visual effects and emotions - bumpy, bright, dazzling and confusing in equal measure ...
0.6 A no-holds-barred if uneven epic that should satisfy most diehard fans.
0.8 Comic-strip superhero movies are not exactly noted for intelligence, wit or humour. Iron Man 3 is the welcome exception.
0.9 Heartfelt and thorough yet lean and effortless, Iron Man 3 is nothing short of the best Marvel Studios film to date and a triumph for Shane Black and Robert Downey Jr.
0.4 Just things blowing up, a great big endless boring noisy confusing nothingness given occasional zip by Gwyneth Paltrow in a temper.
0.8 A very entertaining sequel that recaptures the fun and charm of the first film after the cacophonous excesses of Iron Man 2.
0.8 Feels like a singular, fully realised entity, rather than a glorified teaser trailer for another crossover feature, and has some genuinely inspired and satisfying surprises amidst its familiar trappings.
0.9 It embraces the universe it lives in without exploiting it or letting it weigh down the story, and offers its hero a personal, dangerous challenge without ever losing its popcorn charm.
0.6 It features some of the best moments of the trilogy, but it does feel a bit like a missed opportunity.
1.0 This is comic book filmmaking with the emphasis very much on the "comic" -- and further proof that it's possible to tell a meaty story full of high stakes action without getting weighed down by fanboy-courting descents into darkness.
0.9 [The film] expertly melds action, comedy and drama to become the finest Iron Man movie yet.
0.8 A fiery extravaganza that is a collision between the comic book world and Shane Black's resume of rapid fire action thrillers
0.9 Tony Stark's latest adventure is an enthusiastically exciting ride that never loses its humor or its edge.
0.8 Delivers thrilling action, witty dialogue and genuine emotion, thanks to a cleverly crafted script, state-of-the-art special effects, strong, likeable characters and note-perfect performances.
0.8 Black proves the perfect blacksmith, forging smart new tech and scenarios for the swaggering super-genius. If this does turn out to be Downey Jr.'s final solo outing, it's a very strong exit.
0.8 Fun for both fans and newbies to the comic book world, the movie may be a lengthy 129 minutes but it doesn't feel like it.
0.6 This new Iron Man movie is probably the strongest of the series. The emphasis is on flip fun all the way.
0.6 All in all, it's an enjoyable third instalment that keeps the Marvel juggernaut on the road...and also underlines who's the real (metal) star.
0.8 Funny, twisty and thrilling, this is shellhead's most entertaining solo flight to date.
0.8 Thanks to director Shane Black (who also co-wrote the script with Drew Pearce), it's a film that rejuvenates the franchise while having some fun with superhero convention into the bargain.
0.8 A summer blockbuster that, in this era of saturating trailers and set-piece spoiling TV spots, genuinely takes you by surprise.
0.9 Iron Man 3 is the Marvel film-verse breaking new ground, and it's easily the best of the trilogy.
0.9 The Iron Mans have always innately had the superhero secret formula ... but this instalment is even funnier and more thrillingly action-packed than its predecessors.
0.8 One of the great surprises of the movie is Kingsley's turn as the Bin Laden-ish bad guy, hamming it up and giving Stark a reality check on who's to blame for all this.
0.8 'Iron Man 3&#8242; occasionally feels a little contrived - but then, if you're dealing with one of the best action directors around, you can expect him to draw on the style that he knows best.
0.6 Go for the thrilling action and hilarious Shane Black one-liners. As for a compelling story and entertaining villains? Not so much.
0.7 A lighter variation on the deconstructed superhero mythology found in The Dark Knight Rises.
0.6 Iron Man 3 carries that 'morning after' feeling former playboy Tony Stark is no doubt familiar with... There are plenty of great moments, but it barely hangs together as a film.
0.8 A witty and rather surprising take on the superhero movie.
1.0 Superhero movies just don't get better than this.
0.8 In the annals of superhero movies, this is not the most thrilling, but it does contain two Downton Abbey jokes, and a stonking performance from Downey.
0.6 It's undeniably entertaining - and worth seeing for Kingsley alone - with the misfires never fully overshadowing the moments of glory.
0.8 To use a recondite term in professional film criticism: whoo-hoo!
0.8 Black has an instinctive feel for balancing action set-pieces against the passages of soap-opera that are required to make them matter.
0.3 Almereyda never gives us a reason why this particular Shakespeare story is relevant for today, and thus worthy of being retold. Perhaps he watched too much Sons of Anarchy?
0.6 Dakota Johnson (Fifty Shades of Grey) is remarkably good in her role, as is Hawke in the nastily playful, Iago-like role of Iachimo.
0.5 A conceptually weak and dramatically muddled mess that has acquired a game and good cast and then given them precious little to do.
0.5 If too many filmmakers try to amp up the excitement in Shakespeare with movie magic, Almereyda goes to the opposite extreme in Cymbeline.
0.5 Almereyda's sweeping cuts take material that was already problematic and render it almost nonsensical.
0.2 Director Michael Almereyda's ambition is admirable, but his grim and gristly modernization of Cymbeline rings almost entirely false.
0.5 The source material, which is convoluted even by Shakespeare's narratively dexterous standards, is admittedly a tough nut for a filmmaker to crack.
0.4 If nothing else, this film made me want to see more Shakespeare and if it has this effect on audiences, then Almereyda is to be commended.
0.4 Perhaps this is what they mean by "problem play". In Michael Almereyda's new adaptation of Cymbeline, one of William Shakespeare's more troublesome works, almost nothing seems to click.
0.8 With all due respect to the dozen or so guys sharing the latest Expendables marquee, Liam Neeson is the poster child for AARP badasses.
0.81 Frank's film is much more of a noir outing than a straight action feature, and Neeson slips right into the tone and feel of the hard-boiled detective offering.
0.7 It's a feel-bad crime movie all around, one predicated on the fact that crime leaves real victims. Don't let the weapon on the poster fool you. This isn't Taken. It's a dark cellar, and your eyes may need time to adjust.
0.5 For all of the backstory and the marginal characters, A Walk Among the Tombstones feels too much like a week spent watching CBS crime procedurals that take themselves way too seriously.
0.625 There's a lot to like in this movie. This is why it's such a shame that the whole thing was ruined by a few minutes of footage.
0.7 This very strong thriller is the best thing Neeson has been involved with for years.
0.5 While we're waiting for the release of Taken 3, the man who was Oskar Schindler is keeping us in an action hero frame of mind with the moody-but-essentially-empty A Walk Among the Tombstones.
0.8 The film gives Neeson a chance to play a type of character that almost feels archaic in an age of superheroes and indestructible action heroes. A Walk Among the Tombstones proves the gumshoe still has legs.
0.8 The film creates few welcome tensions, between what you recognize and what you don't, between what Scudder must know and what he confronts in a couple of suspects, can be unnerving.
0.75 This smart, lean, tough and, yeah, talky flick has been very shrewdly and knowingly directed/adapted by Scott Frank (who wrote The Wolverine), who knows the noir conventions -- rain, melancholy, tough, doomed characters, paranoid plotting.
0.75 A gritty, old-school detective story, A Walk Among the Tombstones is an above-average excuse to watch Liam Neeson load handguns, kick down doors, and grill bad guys in a questionable American accent.
0.75 Liam Neeson reminds that he can be just as captivating to watch creating a complex character as he is beating bad guys up.
0.875 Rough-hewn and weary, Liam Neeson brings his very particular set of acting skills to the role of Matthew Scudder in this dark mystery thriller...
0.625 The picture's apparently deeply held belief in its significance ultimately serves as its undoing.
0.6 Walk Among the Tombstones is the latest gritty action film to be fashioned around Liam Neeson's undeniably powerful - and some would say inexplicable - persona as a laconic angel of vengeance.
0.7 I love Liam Neeson's presence and there is a sardonic weight to him.
0.5 It's odd to find a movie in which drug traffickers are, if not good guys, at least sympathetic victims of crimes that are even worse.
0.7 For all its slick contemporary surface and fashionably nasty trimmings it's really a throwback to the age of 1940s noir.
0.625 ...A Walk Among the Tombstones opens with an engrossing stretch that effectively establishes the central character and his latest case...
0.6 A relatively old school private eye drama that maintains attention without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Neeson virtually ensures the quality of most of what he's in.
0.7 Some may find [it] an ugly film, but it keeps coming back to the humanity, of these characters, and the idea of how people can go astray when they're trying to hold on to it. There's no easy pleasure to succumb to, but the movie is genuinely satisfying.
0.5 There doesn't seem to be many layers to unearth in this dour and grizzled adaptation of Lawrence Block's 1992 crime novel.
0.6 Although bogged down by too many plot points, A Walk Among the Tombstones works as a gritty crime thriller that features a refreshingly compelling Liam Neeson as a reluctant man of violence ensconced in a violent world.
0.75 Liam Neeson is rescuing kidnapped girls again, but this time in a darker, moodier film.
0.5 "A Walk Among the Tombstones" is, plain and simple, a Liam Neeson movie.
0.625 What&rsquo;s best about A Walk Among the Tombstones is atmospheric...What&rsquo;s worst about the film is its sense of generic luridness...
0.64 Despite a visually interesting, but ultimately brutal, opening credit sequence, the film devolves into a conventional detective mystery that quickly becomes long in the tooth.
0.6 Only Liam Neeson can wear a brown corduroy car-coat with such menace or give off such world-weary ennui just before going into action. A Walk Among the Tombstones is one of his better films in a while, certainly compared to the Taken series.
0.67 While the story is unexpectedly simple and occasionally revolting, Neeson's performance and Frank's direction tend to override Tombstones' more obvious flaws.
0.6 While neither genre breaking nor a 2014 standout film, Liam Neeson nonetheless makes you want him yet again as your dad.
0.2 The biggest surprise is the fact that, even after all this time, Neeson still can't do a decent American accent.
0.75 If this is your kind of movie, it's hard to find one better made.
0.5 Fierce and ferocious, it's filled with offensive scenes depicting graphic torture and grisly mutilation of women.
0.625 A Walk Among the Tombstones certainly isn't bad, and it will make an excellent Netflix streaming option on some chilly Saturday night in the near future.
0.6 There are abductions at the heart of Scott Frank's picture. We are, however, looking at something just a little more measured than the average Neeson punch-up.
0.4 A Walk Among the Tombstones is your standard, traditional Noir flick; in other words, it feels pretty dated.
0.7 No wild plot twists or elaborate genre deconstructions, just good old-fashioned sleuthing and gritty New York ambiance par excellence.
0.6 Like a good crime novelist, Frank doesn't necessarily bring anything new to the genre, but he gives it a fresh presentation, telling the story with enthusiasm and skill.
0.4 A fair amount of unintentional amusement aside, there's little here to enjoy.
0.7 Neeson's latest effort, A Walk Among The Tombstones, is slightly more subdued than his average shoot-'em-up, but no less gruffly satisfying.
0.8 With a pace that can only be described as a slow crawl to excellence and methodical storytelling, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a riveting thriller that allows its audience to unravel the mystery right along with the title character.
0.6 A Walk Among the Tombstones is no cerebral cop drama, and promptly settles down into a formulaic but perfectly watchable psycho-thriller.
0.4 The film portrays grimy, late-1990s Brooklyn in atmospheric fashion, throwing in shots of run-down tenements, graffiti-strewn walls, disused parking lots and sprawling cemeteries. The plotting is less assured.
0.8 Liam Neeson is a cynical gumshoe tasked with finding out who killed a kidnap victim in this enjoyably nasty thriller, adapted from Lawrence Block's book.
0.7 This is a stylish and smart thriller.
0.6 A Walk Among the Tombstones is a bit too methodical in the delivery, but is mysterious enough to hold your attention throughout.
1.0 A nail-chewing, intense and chilling thriller as riveting as Silence of the Lambs.
0.6 The title helps set the creepy stage right off the bat, and the opening credits--which play over a "dreamy" scene that you slowly realize is actually a nightmare--hit you like a punch to the gut.
0.875 Besides being a dynamite thriller, it gives something not insubstantial as an extra.
0.625 Neeson is the best at portraying morally righteous annoyance
0.625 Overplotted and underexplained ...
0.75 It has the steady pace of a police procedural, with a flawed but noble hero and the colorful lowlifes that populate any hard-boiled mystery scribe's world.
0.625 Frank ... keeps things tense enough that we may not have time to notice one or two failings in the script.
0.65 Action fans can rest easy with the knowledge that TOMBSTONES isn't some kind of existential drama. This is also one of its weaknesses.
0.625 The movie doesn't dig into Scudder's character until the final act...
0.6 Neeson has found his niche as latter-day action hero, which infuses a genre outing such as A Walk Among the Tombstones with all the necessary Neeson grit.
0.8 Almost annually since his breakout hit, Taken, in 2008, Neeson has come out with a terrific thriller and this one does not disappoint, highlighted by high tension and outstanding gritty cinematography of Brooklyn.
0.75 Slow and Steady Perfect for "Tombstone."
0.7 a somewhat decent thrill ride
0.6 With the combo of Neeson's natural solemnity and his action chops, "Tombstones" treads compellingly amongst lesser thrillers.
0.875 A solid entry into the film noir genre.
0.375 "A Walk Among the Tombstones" feels like one of its villains: spiteful, sadistic and amoral.
0.4 [A] reductive, bone-headed detective yarn ...
0.375 Liam Neeson has a particular set of skills, but choosing worthwhile projects is no longer one of them.
0.5 With luck, Matt Scudder will return - with more of the same patter, and much less splatter.
0.6 There are plenty of virtues in Tombstones but director Scott Frank just lacks the flair to bring them together and make the film feel distinctive.
0.4 Apart from the runtime there's little to distinguish this from an episode of any run-of-the-mill TV cop drama.
0.8 A largely unheralded contender for 2014's top thriller.
0.6 Like Scudder, Tombstones is quiet, unpretentious and ultimately pretty effective.
0.6 If it's still a Liam Neeson movie, it's one that broadens the genre's range just enough to not completely rework it.
0.6 Scott Frank's atmospheric thriller is a step up from Neeson's usual shoot-'em-ups. Not a giant leap, but a step up nonetheless.
0.75 Neeson has so much audience good will at this point that he (almost) can do no wrong. He's very good as Scudder, and with luck (and good box office), this could be the start of a series.
0.9 A termite-art thriller that burrows in and stays with you, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a story about murder that makes you truly think about life.
0.4 Tombstones is less homage than a cliched retread of the tried and true. Like this post-booze ex-cop, we've already been here and done that, to death.
0.625 Audiences ... will be drawn to a more soulful Neeson as a downtrodden gumshoe with a strong sense of decency and dark streak of humor.
0.4 This generic, hackneyed film noir - with a frustratingly inconsistent tone - means we may have to wait a while longer for a triumphant adaptation of Lawrence Block's popular literary creation Matthew Scudder.
0.5 They don't make 'em like "A Walk Among the Tombstones" any more. Mainly because everyone got bored with 'em and stopped watching 'em.
0.4 What is the point of all this nastiness? Well, of course, there is none.
0.625 I found myself wishing this "Walk" would end far sooner than it did - but that we could follow Leeson's Scudder into another story.
0.5 Neeson is no more "Taken" with this limp and jokey "Man with Particular Skills" thriller than we are.
0.7 A Walk Among The Tombstones is a hauntingly criminal winner featuring some of Liam Neeson's most memorable work in years - hard-boiled and gritty in all the right ways.
0.68 Although the overall tone of "A Walk Among the Tombstones" takes itself too seriously, it's always great to see Liam Neeson threaten a baddie on the phone. Thankfully, the rest of the movie doesn't suck, either.
0.7 It excels at being a dark, gritty tale of vengeance...and it's at least something to get the fall movie season back on track.
0.4 With references to Philip Marlowe and discussion of what it takes to make a good detective it's clear Frank intends Scudder to become a household name but, given this dodgy effort, that may never happen.
0.7 I'd rather see Neeson spend his time cranking out more like this instead of making Taken 4: Dawn of Taken
0.4 Think 'Taken' meets 'Taggart', only not as much fun.
0.8 Nobody can call this Taken In A Graveyard. Matt Scudder is Neeson's most intriguing role in years.
0.6 While there are shades of Neeson's avenging angel in the Taken franchise, this is a different, more challenging proposition for the actor.
0.55 The preponderance of private detective cliches gets in the way of an otherwise interesting foray into the odious garbage disposals of the soul.
0.375 All of Scott Frank's thematic concerns are little more than window dressing for a run-of-the-mill detective story in line with '90s thrillers like The Bone Collector.
0.6 Exciting, in places, though a stranger to subtlety, it ticks all the genre boxes, but there's something about its knowing noirisms that feels superficial rather than soaked-in.
0.8 Like a good butcher's cleaver, it's weighty, solid and sharp - an effective matching of director and star in what is hopefully the first of a new film series.
0.4 The best that can be said about it is that Kevin Kline is note perfect as the smarmy, scheming Chief Inspector Dreyfus and his undisguised contempt for Clouseau.
0.66 I hope nobody misunderstands when I say: Steve Martin, you are no Peter Sellers. And while I'm at it; Shawn Levy, you are no Blake Edwards.
0.25 Without a whit of subtlety, this tired retread induces nary a laugh, only groans of disbelief that we're expected to find such a sorry string of dumb puns, infantile farts, awful accents and endless pratfalls funny.
0.5 Perhaps it's time to admit that The Pink Panther series is ready for permanent retirement.
0.625 ...a slight yet sporadically hilarious update of the classic Peter Sellers/Blake Edwards film series.
0.6 For now, though it's a mixed blessing, this seems like the movie Martin deserves.
0.6 Ciente de que Peter Sellers e inimitavel como Closeau, Martin cria sua propria versao do personagem e, ainda que nao chegue perto de se igualar ao original, consegue gerar boas risadas.
0.6 A fun and animated return to film for one of cinema's favourite characters, and a treat for the generation that have never seen him before.
0.4 When it comes to humor, this Pink is extremely pale.
0.4 Martin's valiant performance, however hamstrung by Sellers' ghost, is mired in a silly, inane plot that keeps the movie firmly grounded.
0.4 The film has an extremely high gag rate - it's just a shame that so few of them actually work.
0.2 As for Martin, no matter how many he times he stumbles, fumbles, burns his balls or mispronounces the word hamburger, he never gets close to making the Clouseau persona his own.
0.6 This one will make you laugh early and often, and send you out of the theater in a cheerful mood. And, really, what more could you ask?
0.1 Animals, I imagine, have dreams with better narrative integrity.
0.0 One has to chalk up The Pink Panther to the good old traditions of Hollywood greed and chutzpah. Nothing this slapdash and badly executed is done for the love of movies.
0.7 Martin is charming as Clouseau and, after all the bad buzz leading up to release, I think Sony is actually going to have a hit on their hands.
0.6 Steve Martin was able to do what no one had done so far - follow in the footsteps of Peter Sellers.
0.6 I am a huge fan of Steve Martin and did like him as Clouseau. The film didn't live up to expectations, but his likeability did.
0.375 An uncomfortable attempt to tap into the essence of the classic Panther films while updating it for modern audiences who might not know Inspector Clouseau from Inspector Javert.
0.5 It's more than a little sad to see Steve Martin -- a talent who himself is incomparable -- attempt to imitate the inimitable Peter Sellers.
0.375 OK, I'm tired of being evasive about this so I'm just gong to own up to it: I never have been able to enjoy a "Pink Panther" movie.
0.5 The pain-and-destruction humor won't tickle everyone as pink as the cartoon character but still provides some good escapist fare.
0.5 Trying to fill some huge paw prints, Steve Martin won't make you forget Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau, but neither will he make you see red.
0.5 Martin plays Clouseau as a cartoon. We always are aware of the distance between the actor and the character, whereas with Sellers, Clouseau was a part of him.
0.5 it's sad to see [Martin] in a film that offers little other than stupid accents and broad pratfalls
0.2 Fails on so many levels that it's ... well, it's not funny.
0.3 Steve Martin humiliates himself in thie dreadful reincarnation of Inspector Jacques Clouseau. It's an acute embarrassment.
0.75 If you can divorce yourself from total allegiance to the original %u2013 or if you have no allegiance to the original - then this is an enjoyable movie with some real laughs courtesy of a modern day comic genius.
0.0 ...below average in every aspect except one: it -- like almost every other remake in recent memory -- is completely unnecessary.
0.5 ...only manages to conjure up our nostalgic appreciation for the late and great Peter Sellers--this flaccid farce doesn't look pretty in Pink the millionth time around.
0.625 While the flat site gags never quite disappear, they're offset by an equal number of bits that'll keep you in stitches. It's good (mostly clean) light fun.
0.6 While it's not up to the Sellers ones from the '60s and '70s, like the Sellers-less Curse of and Son of, it definitely has its moments.
0.57 Yet another sad milestone in the valley of Steve Martin's career.
0.25 Enough, already. It's time for an intervention. Steve Martin, you're no longer allowed to work with director Shawn Levy.
0.375 A ninety-minute movie containing two or three big laughs, another two or three small ones, and eighty surrounding minutes of lazy, misguided, laughless tripe.
0.25 For those who recall Sellers and the role he made famous, 'travesty' seems to be the right descriptor.
0.5 Through its admirably short 90-minute running time, The Pink Panther never made me laugh a single time, though Martin's clever wordplay yielded one or two chuckles.
0.1 The opening titles with Henry Mancini's wonderful theme played under them comprise the best of this film. Then the movie starts and the entertainment stops.
0.375 Bland, unfunny and filled with crude sight gags that can't touch Sellers at his laziest.
0.375 As if the curse of the Pink Panther wasn't dire enough, Martin's Clouseau is haunted by more than the ghost of Peter Sellers. He's also being trailed by the old Steve Martin.
0.375 It's time to let the Inspector rest in peace.
0.0 If The Pink Panther has any value at all, it's in the way its failure demonstrates the delicate nature of comedy, and the skill of other comedies by contrast.
0.375 By now, the panther has had a very long meow.
0.5 With so much resting on Martin, Pink Panther falls prey to the great equalizer of all star-over-substance comedies: the 45-minute mark.
0.75 Surprisingly lively and hilarious.
0.4 Brilliant Martin, an intellectual comic who started his career slumming in sophomoric slapstick, is entirely too uptight to be genius Sellers' greatest creation.
0.625 The film has its stumbling points, but it offers a sufficient amount of laughter.
0.5 You could wander into The Pink Panther for any 15-minute period, laugh a couple of times and leave without wondering for a moment how things will turn out.
0.25 Under his coat, the Panther must be pink with embarrassment.
0.625 Martin does a good job stumbling into Sellers' shoes, and it's all funny enough, depending on your tolerance for slapstick and odd accents.
0.25 Martin (who also co-wrote the screenplay) is so uninspired and dull in this witless movie, he almost -- almost -- makes you long for Adam Sandler.
0.5 Martin and Levy fail to convince us of Clouseau's belief in his own reality. We find ourselves watching Martin riffing on Sellers rather than a legitimate if ridiculous character.
0.5 Whatever franchise value the Pink Panther name may possess, it might be time to put the Clouseau character to rest.
0.5 Peter Sellers was Inspector Clouseau. Steve Martin is merely playing Clouseau. Big difference.
0.7 Steve Martin is no Peter Sellers, but he still makes a winning Inspector Clouseau.
0.2 It is almost impossible to overstate how much we hated this movie.
0.75 it doesn't stink. Au contraire: It's good. Maybe not a masterwork, but good enough to redeem the series and its intrepid, mustachioed twit.
0.5 The trouble is the movie has little to offer except Martin's set pieces, which feel off-the-cuff, and, even in the roughly one-in-four times they work, far too drawn out.
0.5 The Pink Panther, while hardly the disaster it might have been, renders the love as labored as the pronunciation.
0.5 To get any enjoyment out of The Pink Panther, you have to forget that Peter Sellers ever played Inspector Jacques Clouseau.
0.625 It's not quite on the high comedic plane of 'Do you have a license for that moon-key?' But AM-bourg-airs will do. Just ask the kids.
0.375 The writers and director Shawn Levy also misunderstand comic math: In their world, something that's funny once will be four times as funny if it's repeated over and over and over. Actually, the inverse is true.
0.5 There's a fair amount of laughs and a breezy feeling of joie de silliness, even if the finished product isn't good enough to warrant an ongoing series.
0.5 Well, at least Steve Martin's trying to be funny again.
0.35 Painful...truly awful.
0.25 The Pink Painther is more like it.
0.5 ... an hour and a half of an audio assault on your ears, as Steve Martin hams it up for all he's worth with the silliest accent in recent memory.
0.5 Martin's innate verbal panache is the only asset that shows any reliability here. [Blu-ray]
0.71 ...a symptom of Clouseauian hubris.
0.625 It doesn't quite work, particularly for those viewers who remember Sellers, in the same way no one but Sean Connery can ever 'really' be James Bond.
0.1 A movie clearly made for (and probably by) people of the retarded persuasion. If you enjoy it, odds are you're missing a chromosome. Or have an extra one, or something.
0.3 Martin, as we all know, has fine comic gifts, but he's doing a conscientious impersonation here.
0.0 I think I have laughed more at funerals, which is somewhat appropriate for this movie. The Pink Panther is a funeral for Steve Martin's dignity and soul.
0.2 If you think there's no possible way that anyone can actually stretch a leaky-fountain- pen-makes- shirt-messy joke for that long, well, dear reader, you are absolutely correct.
0.8 As in his early stand-up routines, we can feel superior to Steve Martin's immature, likable character while adoring him at the same time.
0.3 Steve Martin should have his SAG card revoked for even considering an attempt at filling Sellers' shoes
0.75 Even if you give Sellers the edge in facial expressions, Martin is his equal in mangled verbiage.
0.6 Martin's Clouseau is as clumsy and hapless as his predecessor and probably more innocent.
0.75 The Pink Panther does justice to the old Blake Edwards/Peter Sellers crime comedies -- it's almost as good as the best of those films, far better than the worst -- but doesn't depend on viewers being familiar with them.
0.2 The Pink Panther doesn't mess around. It goes south in a hurry.
0.625 We responded to Sellers' Clouseau because his foolishness and fakery echoed something deeply human as well as hilarious. We respond to Martin mostly because he's a funny guy in a silly mustache, cutting up and trying to make us laugh.
0.25 Alas, this joyless affair doesn't have a clou.
0.4 Despite a witty performance by Steve Martin, much of The Pink Panther feels like trying on old clothes that no longer fit.
0.375 At every moment in the movie, I was aware that Peter Sellers was Clouseau, and Steve Martin was not. I hadn't realized how thoroughly Sellers and Edwards had colonized my memory.
0.625 Martin deserves another case as Inspector Clouseau -- and we deserve a better movie.
0.625 Darned if it isn't pretty good. Martin is not as distinctive as Sellers, but not many people are watching those Sellers films these days and Martin knows the most important thing about this character: silliness.
0.375 Cheaper by the Dozen may have affirmed Levy's credentials as a director of domestic comedy, but he seems clueless with this sort of banana-peel shtick.
0.75 To say that Steve Martin does justice to the `Pink Panther' film series is not to say that you should drop everything and run out to see Martin's `The Pink Panther.'
0.5 Although it doesn't stand up to the originals, it's not half bad, thanks to a script that has moments of genuine wit.
0.375 A leaden rehash that, finally materializing after repeated delays, is all too symptomatic of star Steve Martin's mushy recent choices.
0.6 a mixed bag, but while the jokes misfire as often as they hit their target . . .when it works, it is very, very funny.
0.6 Steve plays the character as a sort of weird mix between Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell. It's funny, but he's not exactly our beloved Inspector.
0.75 Questions of authenticity aside, Damon Russell evinces a shrewd understanding of how to juxtapose the handheld camera's finite sightline with the bursts of chaos that suddenly invade it.
0.875 It had been so long since a quality western had hit America's screens that it appears as if Eastwood purposely set out to remind audiences of all the elements that make the genre work.
0.625 His saddle bag is a mixed one, though Pale Rider still has the touch of quality associated with latter-day Eastwood. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...who else would you want coming to your rescue than the Preacher Man With No Name?
0.6 Not Clint's best western, but entertaining enough.
0.8 A severely underrated western, one of Eastwood's most stylish.
0.6 Clint's return to westerns is just ok.
0.8 One of Eastwood's best oaters
1.0 [Eastwood] understands so well how he works on the screen that the movie has a resonance that probably was not even there in the screenplay.
0.8 Clint Eastwood stars as the mysterious stranger who arrives in a town and challenges the citizens to fight evil.
1.0 See it if you haven't.
0.8 Eastwood in fine form.
0.6 It's a difficult balancing act between gang life and the sports film where inspiring moments can very easily become maudlin and wearing. Gridiron Gang slips and stumbles a bit in the second half but for the most part makes it across whole.
0.4 Watchable, decently made drama with some strong performances, but the script is disappointing given the real-life story behind the film.
0.6 What begins as a series of pleasant revelations and a deft example of genre defiance is nearly crippled by cliche in its second half, but The Rock's surprising dramatic magnetism will hold you until the final whistle.
0.25 It's unfortunate that what was undoubtedly an inspirational story could end up onscreen as such a been-there done-that hack job.
0.375 ...the film's various problems [are] exacerbated by a ridiculously overlong running time (it's 125 minutes!)
0.4 It's technically well-made, but lacks the writing or acting skills to make it work.
0.625 Gridiron Gang is enjoyable enough, but it is also manipulative, melodramatic and pretty much interchangeable with the recent basketball film Coach Carter.
0.5 Mostly the movie barrels toward you, stiff-armed.
0.75 But can The Rock pull off a dramatic role? Surprisingly, for the most part, the answer is yes, and the film is a success for it.
0.5 Another 'true story' inspirational sports movie, and you pretty much know whether or not it's your brand of jockstrap from that fact alone.
0.5 No sappy sports cliche or trite inspirational slogan is ignored.
0.75 The movie constantly teeters on becoming a filmed version of a Successories calendar. But The Rock's charismatic performance and Phil Joanou's sturdy direction yank hard against heart-tugging dialogue to pull the movie back with gravity and grit.
0.9 A touching and entertaining, well-acted star turn by The Rock.
0.5 The film misses the chance to showcase these actors with a deeper exploration of their changing relationship.
0.8 ...no great shakes, but it's professionally realized and makes good use of the talent at hand.
0.8 Gridiron Gang isn't just distinctive, it's downright exceptional - the kind of film that not only sustains its genre, but sets a legitimate benchmark if not a high watermark for future entries to aspire to.
0.625 Gridiron entertains and makes a powerful point about the faults inherent in the penal system, particularly for youths with hopes of rehabilitation.
0.5 ... it's like a super-sized Afterschool Special with PG-13-rated bad language ...
0.375 While grittier on the surface, Phil Joanou's allegedly 'true story' inspired Gridiron Gang is as soft and safe in its centre as any of the two dozen or so inspirational pigskin operas that have been released in the past two years.
0.625 Many of the young actors are also quite good in a large ensemble that doesn't become the jumbled mess it could have.
0.75 ... nearly as bleak as it is uplifting.
0.75 ... the former footballer and pro wrestler Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is just the rock on which to securely build a football inspiration movie like Gridiron Gang.
0.6 We are drawn into Gridiron Gang to the degree that we come to recognize team members and generally appreciate their struggles toward self-respect and responsibility.
0.5 The film's few, scattered moments of honest grit and pathos are nearly drowned out by composer Trevor Rabin's incessantly syrupy score, which sounds calculated for maximum emotional uplift, just like almost everything else about Gridiron Gang.
0.625 Great message, so-so movie.
0.4 ... an extremely inefficient film, wasting time -- the movie's and ours.
0.5 ... nearly every time it has the chance to make a play -- it fumbles.
0.4 ... the movie's good intentions are consistently undermined by its simplistic notion of redemption, and its inspirational thrust is diluted by an epilogue that suggests the program still has a ways to go in the life-altering department.
0.5 Some movies present their whole story in a two-minute trailer, but Gridiron Gang says it all in its poster ...
0.5 The Rock commits himself admirably to this trite tale, but by the end, even his enormous shoulders buckle under the weight of so many cliches.
0.5 ... you wouldn't say Gridiron Gang is a touchdown, but it's not a fumble either.
0.625 [Screenwriter Jeff Maguire] reduces practically every scene to an oversimplified emoticon.
0.625 Gridiron Gang is effective, thanks to Phil Joanou's confident direction and the mountain of charisma that is Dwayne 'the Rock' Johnson.
0.625 This lazy and episodic tacking (pep talk, game, pep talk, game) aggravated me because it sabotages the film's social relevance and honest-to-goodness cinematic uplift.
0.5 If you like your sports movies, especially your football movies, larded with more cliches than a politician's stump speech, Gridiron Gang begs to be seen.
0.5 Had Gridiron Gang dared to challenge its audience with a larger dose of reality, it might have broken the field and become something memorable and meaningful.
0.625 ... this inspirational material is appealing ...
0.5 As sports movies go, Gridiron Gang isn't bad, just not top-line material.
0.625 Though it doesn't really teach us anything new, Gridiron Gang -- mainly due to the powerful screen presence of Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson -- is mildly entertaining and, at times, somewhat compelling.
0.8 Scores big time! It's the real thing. Loaded with action-to-the-max in the streets and on the field.
0.6 Anyone still doubting Johnson's chops as an actor ought to simply dismiss such doubts now -- he's the single most effective thing about the movie ...
0.75 ... despite the shameless cutting and pasting, it's hard to argue with the movie's intentions.
0.625 Jeff Maguire's script turns out to be simultaneously riddled with cliches and (as the documentary footage over the closing credits shows) generally faithful to events.
0.75 The Rock no longer exists. Dwayne Johnson has finally shed the identity that turned him into a wrestling legend and earned the right to go by his real name.
0.625 Joanou rushes through the material, attempting to do justice to too many characters and juggle too many subplots to really explore any of them.
0.875 Proof that good storytelling can change perception and make us appreciate a group of youngsters we'd just as soon throw away more than a blue collar guy who gets his shot with the Philadelphia Eagles.
0.8 The film doesn't try to be politically correct, and it points fingers where they should be pointed.
0.625 it's the Bill Paxton of movies, good enough to be respected and liked, but not great enough to make you think everyone involved deserves an Oscar
0.6 Wanna know why sports movies are criticized for being too cliche? Because sports, as a whole, are too cliche.
0.5 The Rock ... performs so many corny inspirational speeches that his mouth might as well transform into a triumphant horn.
0.4 Imagine a movie comprised of inspirational cliches and absolutely nothing else.
0.75 ... if there was ever a role that The Rock was born to play, he's found it here
0.7 Despite its good intentions, Gridiron Gang is full of cliches, but at least they're captivating cliches.
0.625 More honest and substantive than the average mainstream sports flick. Not necessarily more original, but certainly more worth the viewer's while.
0.75 Paint-by-numbers storytelling aside, Gridiron Gang is a fine movie.
0.5 ... amid the dead-on straightforward presentation and the gaggingly earnest emotions, Gridiron Gang is worth cheering for sometimes.
0.75 The film is energetic and technically polished, with flashes of humor ...
0.5 The film has nowhere near as many well-developed characters as it has street, prison yard and on-field brawls.
0.5 Johnson gives the part his authoritative all, but he doesn't have the depth of ability to elevate a sappy script that regularly calls for up-choking.
0.625 "Gridiron Gang" is all formula, but it's tough to blame the film for sticking with a game plan that works.
0.625 turns out to be quite enjoyable, even if it's not all that good
0.5 Were it not already taken, Angels with Dirty Faces might have been an apt alternative title for this TRUE STORY.
0.5 A corny and unbelievable 'based on a true story' drama with a canned Trevor Rabin score that could have been programmed in by computer.
0.8 Johnson leaps is into the ranks of legitimate actors. He's got depth, he's got some range, and he's got the heart and sincerity to make them both work
0.75 Cue the violins. Gridiron Gang, an unabashedly sentimental but endearing true story, turns out to be a real winner.
0.4 What was The Rock thinking? Stop coaching and start doing. Give the man something to hit.
0.561 Alien Outpost pales in comparison to District 9. It probably would have worked better as a short.
0.125 A sci-fi actioner with the production values of your average porno, "Alien Outpost" spews cliches like a machine gun set on maximum triteness.
0.4 The film's generic mythology, the part that doesn't cost anything, is what really could have used some punching-up.
0.6 Alien Outpost delivers aliens, outposts, and a surprisingly more in-tune action watch than expected.
0.375 The film splits its time evenly between half-heartedly pretending it's an allegory for our current war on terror and pretending that it's not.
0.8 as much fun as your average Zatoichi flick, with plenty of humor and sword slashing and guys standing as still as statues before falling over dead
0.25 The first rule of a sequel should be: Do NOT destroy the happy ending of the previous film.
0.2 Manages to lack ALL the surprising creativity of the original. It's actually very, very terrible.
0.5 Around here Daybreakers' clever streak runs out and the previously witty, refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else.
0.6 That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there isn't enough of it should tell you enough: watching it provides short-term entertainment, but like those voracious bloodsuckers, it'll just leave you wanting more.
0.7 It's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs.
0.8 While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today.
0.7 The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire cliches and novelties.
0.7 A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions, Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed.
0.25 Squandered potential at its most obvious.
0.625 Once the world is set up, the follow-through comes up short.
0.72 Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke (as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency) and Willem Dafoe (as Elvis, a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant).
0.7 Malo je %u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers %u0161a%u0161avo zabavna, a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi%u0161ljanja
0.7 There is a lot of non-sparkly going on, if you know what I mean.
0.6 Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another, albeit entertaining, action movie.
0.6 Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE, in a genre that has been sucked dry, and still make something watchable. It's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made, but it's the best one of 2010.
0.75 Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires, the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times.
0.8 Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk.
0.6 Daybreakers is highly inventive, containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology, vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world.
0.6 The special effects look cheap; and while the premise, with its "we're drinking the blood of the earth!" subtext is interesting, the characters just aren't.
0.6 More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs' vampire venture, even if it falls short of greatness.
0.8 Yes, Daybreakers is another vampire film, but don't hold it against it. This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about...
0.4 A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that doesn't go anywhere special.
0.75 With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis. (Coincidentally, the film opened on what would have been Presley's 75th birthday.)
0.6 A fun if forgettable romp, with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots. Which is enough. Just.
0.5 So over the top you can't help but like at least some of it, 'Daybreakers' is pulsing with gore, mayhem and dark humor
0.75 Now this is a vampire movie.
0.75 Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while.
0.8 A pretty ambitious movie that's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions. When it doesn't, the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining.
0.5 An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that isn't romanticized - a la 'Twilight' -but is full of gore.
0.6 les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur creatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupconner apres un exercice aussi bacle qu'Undead
0.5 Makes little sense, but earns points for the operatic, slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me.
0.625 Give it an A for effort, C for execution. As cool/creepy as it seems, Daybreakers just doesn't quite measure up to its potential.
0.8 The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world, part Blade Runner, part Gattaca, part Blade.
0.625 After taking such pains to establish a dying world, it's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off.
0.7 Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun.
0.75 Yeah, its another vampire film, but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst.
0.5 Surrounded by cannibalistic gore, Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood...call it 'From Here to Vampurity'.
0.8 A thinking person's vampire flick with deliciously gory action, an underlying social message, lean direction, and best of all, no obnoxious product placement or pop music.
0.75 Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe, the movie, which was shot more than two years ago, is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy
0.625 A slick, bloody, fast-paced, and ultimately enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 For the lowbrow, the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg's Scanners. No one dies quietly; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera.
0.75 A suspenseful, visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that's simultaneously entertaining and provocative.
0.7 Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers, Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at.
0.75 Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding; it's fright-lite, yet that's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days.
0.625 The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time.
0.6 The narrative may flag, but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddlea(TM)s production design remain vivid until the final, blood-splattered reel.
0.4 Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world couldn't save what, for me, was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick.
0.75 That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January's movie releases.
0.8 Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world. Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin, not half-and-half. Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs. And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory.
0.7 One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time. Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners.
0.6 This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity. While it plays everything dead straight, it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre.
0.6 An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence, sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers.
0.4 The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel, or possibly a franchise, that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray.
0.375 The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out, "Stop! We forgot to blow stuff up! Get the blood!"
0.6 The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design, but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third. Still very watchable, though.
0.7 Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue.
0.4 It's a shame Australia's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report, without the production flair.
0.7 A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear.
0.5 Daybreakers isn't exactly good or bad, and that is the problem. The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity. It could have been about something. It's not.
0.6 Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and, in its exciting finale, an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic.
0.8 A polished, intelligent, well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale. Fangtastic.
0.4 Iffy plotting, squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror? - leave the film, like its protagonist, torn between two extremes.
0.6 With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes, smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos (sun-proofed cars and video mirrors), inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss, this is an engagingly skilful blend.
0.6 Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction, melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext.
0.375 In the end, Daybreakers doesn't really want to make anyone think too hard. If that were to happen, they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives don't just become garlic farmers and call it a day.
0.875 Daybreakers has substance and smarts, plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy.
0.5 Despite the Spierig brothers' punchy visual style and satiric tone, Daybreakers eventually devolves, though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism.
0.6 Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill.
0.625 It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves. But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends?
0.6 Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months.
0.625 Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody's business. But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff. You know who you are.
0.6 Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies, the combination makes them seem fresh.
0.5 The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood. Unless you're someone in the film Daybreakers. Then you're carrying closer to 47 gallons, 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall.
0.5 It can't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler's product placement appears.
0.75 It's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff.
0.5 the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs' film
0.75 Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities, the film unifies all the usual tropes (bloodlust, heliophobia, fangs) into a complete science fiction whole.
0.4 It sounds so very good and yet, in the hands of the Spierig Brothers, it has all the life of a vampire's (non)heartbeat
0.75 Peter and Michael Spierig's earlier, campier horror outing, the zombie picture known as Undead, was even bloodier than this one. The movie-makers are after bigger game here, and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film.
0.6 A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans.
0.6 It's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun. In fact, one wishes it were sillier still.
0.4 This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric 'Children of Men', but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick.
0.625 Although it falls apart as a thriller, Michael and Peter Spierig's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare.
0.625 This intriguing premise, alas, ends as so many movies do these days, with fierce fights and bloodshed. Inevitably, the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we've met, and a lot of extras with machineguns.
0.75 I'm as surprised as anyone, but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it.
0.7 Daybreakers isn't a great film, but it's a good one, and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales, it's an original.
0.375 Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld, True Blood to The Vampire Diaries, this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand.
0.6 There's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers, where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone's now a bloodsucker, but it doesn't quite make for a fascinating film.
0.5 The Spierigs' latest doesn't do much to carve out a unique identity.
0.6 A clever twist on the vampire legend, delivers what genre fans crave and more.
0.85 Ambitious, smart and unique, the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more.
0.8 Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip.
0.8 A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie, packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences. Confidently crafted and legitimately clever.
0.8 "Horror fans should be looking forward to this one."
0.7 While it's far from perfect, Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie. Loaded with talents actors, beautiful camerawork (a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this) and buckets of blood, I can't recommend this enough.
0.75 ...an exciting (albeit slightly uneven) addition to the vampire-movie canon.
0.25 Here's all you need to know about The Enemy: the 'action hero' is played by Luke Perry. That's right: Luke. Perry.
0.875 While made on a modest budget, this slick, satisfying action drama more than stands up to a number of similar big-studio efforts.
0.6 Mini skirt girl power continues.
0.375 The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake. Or maybe a better word is shallow. This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
0.0 Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
1.0 Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
0.4 To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
0.1 This thing is pure garbage.
0.2 Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
0.6 [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
1.0 Full Throtle is full of fun.
0.125 If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
0.45 A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
0.8 That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
0.4 Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion. Nice outfits, though.
0.6 Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
0.625 A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
0.75 A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
0.4 E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
0.5 Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
0.5 By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
0.6 Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
0.75 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
0.5 Charlie's Angels was fun. For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
0.9 Do not go in here expecting "an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick. This is basically PG-13 porn. And it's a blast.
0.8 Just as much fun as the first one.
0.375 The term eye candy has never felt more apropos.
0.6 Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never quite clear where all his go is supposed to be going -- other than to the next set-piece.
0.75 Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
0.625 Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
0.5 It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part? It has absolutely no plot.
0.4 It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
0.75 Anyone going to this movie expecting substance, subtlety, or sophistication is barking up the wrong tree. Like its predecessor, the sequel simply asks you to surrender yourself to the fun.
0.625 Ladies, start your engines.
0.4 As pointless as a tap-dancing elephant.
0.125 Did we really need another Charlie's Angels movie?
0.5 The director calls himself 'McG,' and the movie has been edited to fit the attention span of those who think words of more than three letters are boring...
0.4 An incomprehensible furball of grungy kids running around screaming.
0.625 ...one of the most mindlessly enjoyable movies to crop up so far this summer.
0.7 I really enjoyed Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Oh, who am I kidding, my libido LOOOOOOOOVED this movie.
0.6 McG and company aren't making art here, they're doing a piece purely serving as escapist entertainment...
0.3 A less cohesive action-comedy than its predecessor, Full Throttle is instead a freewheeling collection of random action sequences strung together with little or no discernible rhyme or reason.
0.5 ...merely an act of sheer overkill...Full Throttle is just an excuse to deliver another random hyperactive fleshy fable and pass it off as a mainstream mega-snack.
0.5 Sorry, Charlie: Full Throttle stalls out in the clutch.
0.2 Citizen Kane for teenage boys. Still, it's better than the original.
0.125 ...a stagnant collage of scenes that assault the eyes, ears and mind without actually being very entertaining in the process.
0.625 This is a movie with less depth than a Maxim pictorial, but it's fun.
0.75 Unlike many of Hollywood's other recent action movies, McG seems to know how to handle his. He gives us a sense of clarity and speed, and only uses CGI at the edges of the frame instead of dead center where it gives itself away (see The Hulk).
0.375 Hard-sell and impersonal, the second Angels outing may be full throttle, but it's running on an empty tank.
0.5 The action is ridiculously overwrought, a state-of-the-art combination of CGI wizardry and Hong Kong-style wirework so removed from the laws of physical reality that it might as well be animated.
0.4 [A] seizure-inducing extreme fashion show.
0.75 Full Throttle is good, dumb fun.
0.625 The only thing missing from Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the joystick.
0.5 As a movie, it's a mess, but there's a loopy spirit to it that's infectious, and the giggly camaraderie of its heroines shines through, like sunlight over a junkyard.
0.5 This is something rare: a movie that insulates itself against its own rottenness by being lousy by design.
0.0 Meant to be a lark, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a dodo begging for extinction.
0.625 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a lot like going to a fast-food restaurant. You have no idea what you're eating, but it tastes good and that's all that counts.
0.6 Jam-packed with bikini-clad eye candy, loud music, louder explosions and enough action to appease any ADD audience.
0.625 Unlike other sequel's cramming the multiplexes, this one certainly won't bore you.
0.75 Gleefully airheaded and slick.
0.5 Sure, there's plenty of po-mo frolicking to '80s hits, and references are dropped to every cinematic nugget from Flashdance to Cape Fear. But the drawn-out action sequences show barely a trace of wit.
0.6 Most action flicks, even the wildest ones, try to get you to go along with their over-the-top contortions. But the action scenes in Full Throttle don't even attempt to be plausible. And that's just why they're so much fun.
0.5 An excuse for a spectacular series of costume and hair changes, not-so-spectacular stunts and a parade of pointless celebrity cameos.
0.75 As its own collection of Angels' Greatest Hits, Full Throttle winds up embracing the spirit of the original TV series, supplanting it and gleefully eviscerating it.
0.5 Twice as confusing.
0.75 The movie is a giant goof, and a good one, as long as you're in the mood to play along.
0.625 No noticeable difference from first incoherent effort.
0.5 Full Throttle is virtually identical to its predecessor, but with more of everything, good and bad.
0.8 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the full whopper of silliness on the big screen, a spoof of a spoof of a spoof that is pretty well plotless, not to mention gormless and feckless.
0.5 Full Throttle is silly in the extreme and works best for audiences who are as undiscerning as its creators.
0.5 Yeah, the gals sure seem to have a lot of fun working together, but they only share that glee with the audience on an intermittent basis.
0.75 Full Throttle is self-deprecating without being smug about it, a movie that knows how not only to make a joke but to take a joke.
0.5 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle could possibly be the single-dumbest movie in a summer that's already full of dim-witted fare of the Dumb and Dumberer variety.
0.625 The goodness of Full Throttle resides not in its being good but in the joyous spirit with which its stars go at playing Angels.
0.625 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a great time at the movies, to be sure, but it stands in the shadow of [a predecessor] that was more original, more satisfying, and somehow more complete.
0.625 Harmless, brainless, good-natured fun.
0.375 I bet John August, Cormac Wibberly and Marianne Wibberly couldn't begin to explain what happens in the script they wrote.
0.0 A loud, expensive mess of a movie with no real plot but a definite formula.
0.75 The movie's glee is contagious.
0.7 McG's hyperkinetic music video background must have come in handy with the editing.
0.0 The self-conscious silliness of the first Charlie's Angels has been overwhelmed here by a stifling smugness.
1.0 Thankfully, McG never permits the film to be crushed under its own weight.
0.4 Loud but listless, this sequel plays like coming attractions for a movie that never shows up.
0.5 The theme for the sequel is more: more over-the-top action, more puns, more Bosley shtick, and more gratuitous action to please the male audience...Too bad more stuff doesn't include more entertainment.
0.625 Undeniably, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is an enjoyably crazy ride--just make sure to leave your disbelief suspended at the door.
0.75 The intrigue in the plot is weak, but the action makes up for it.
0.6 Cameron, Drew and Lucy are still doing it for themselves in the sequel, and thankfully, the fun is still there.
0.625 This movie actually feels more like a sequel to the original television show than the one that came out 2 1/2 years ago.
0.4 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is like eating a bowl of Honeycomb drenched in Red Bull -- a dizzying mouthful of unabashed silliness that leads to an equally precipitous crash once the buzz wears off after the film's first hour.
0.4 Despite the fact that a group of gifted professionals created exactly the cinematic effects they were after, it's hard to take great pleasure in what's been achieved.
0.5 [The Angels'] spunky charms are the main -- nay, the only -- reason to see this hyperactive action-adventure farce.
0.6 It does what no other movie has done: it transforms a TV show into a cartoon. Not that this was such a challenge.
0.75 McG has made the very wise decision to leave any attachment to reality completely out of mind
0.375 An action movie so loud, stupid and unbelievable that it will alienate proud fans of loud, stupid and unbelievable action movies.
0.25 Watching Full Throttle is like being pummeled for two hours with a feather duster. It leaves no scars, but you do feel the pain.
0.625 Finds its groove but doesn't get out when it turns into a rut.
0.75 Full Throttle is a movie cut like a trailer -- and doesn't everyone say the trailers are better than the movies?
0.625 It is the summer movie as dumb fun, with an emphasis on both words.
0.5 Full Throttle simply turns up the volume and asks the Angels to take off their clothes more often.
0.125 What the picture represents, in a very real way, is the death of cinema.
0.5 As a whole, the movie is an irritating blend of little things that work and big things that don't.
0.5 Where the first film still managed to be fun and kooky, this one eventually grows tiresome.
0.5 There wasn't much story in the first installment, even less this time, and what's here doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.6 a flight of hard-body fantasy served up with a healthy dose of self-mockery
0.5 McG and his leading ladies captured something in a bottle [in the first film], and `Full Throttle' feels like they're trying to force that something back in.
0.0 This is not merely one of the worst films in recent memory but it could well go down as one of the worst things ever conceived by human hands.
0.5 The failure of Full Throttle is that McG and his stars have mistaken having a good time making a movie for making a good movie.
0.7 It's a big MTV video, but it's one of the good ones.
0.6 This is a fun movie that peeks at about the 45-minute mark.
0.5 ... sorry, Charlie, this crowded "Angels" episode plays more slick than shrewd.
0.85 Self-aware of its silliness and ridiculously entertaining! Perfect summer movie escapism.
0.25 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is merely a preposterous, maximized manipulation of the original film's winning formula.
0.6 A throwback to the energetic sci-fi films of yesteryear. Frantic and Fun.
0.6 A watchable futuristic prison flick. Decent B-movie thrills.
0.6 Martin Campbell's generally an underrated action director, but this is just okay, not one of his finer efforts
0.25 Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not worth telling ... the filmmaking is so hopelessly uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent is somehow not its most glaring flaw.
0.2 As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
0.4 Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
0.6 Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
0.0 It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description. Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
0.125 A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
0.2 Charmless and boring, bears little relationship to Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale, and should in no way be mistaken for a way to satiate fans of Frozen.
0.6 There's a frenetic, eye-popping quality to the visuals that forestalls the kind of emotional engagement Disney can offer, but there is some entertainment to be had here.
0.4 Enough sequels, please!
0.6 As far as sequels to mediocre movies go, this one's okay.
0.4 Another forced and charmless sequel spawned from a surprisingly fun flick.
0.8 Doesn't have the narrative strength of the first in the trilogy but individual scenes are still brilliant and each ingredient in just perfect, cast, score, tone...
0.9 Most fans pick The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly as the stand-out, but I really like this one best.
0.8 A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release.
0.6 More violence and Clint-itude in Italian Western.
0.84 He indulges in a certain sexually-charged imagery lifted straight from film noir
1.0 By introducing the character of Mortimer, Leone is able to counterpoint Eastwood's cold, amoral gunslinger with a man who has a past and a purpose.
0.8 Another must-see Italian speghetti western.
0.8 Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments.
0.4 The fact that this film is constructed to endorse the exercise of murderers, to emphasize killer bravado and generate glee in frantic manifestations of death is, to my mind, a sharp indictment of it as so-called entertainment in this day.
0.6 The weak link in the "Dollars" trilogy, but still a good ride.
0.4 Clint Eastwood, just as the spagetti western schtick was beginning to get old.
0.75 Here is a gloriously greasy, sweaty, hairy, bloody and violent Western. It is delicious.
0.75 Though it's about a half-hour too long, For a Few Dollars More is overall a much more exciting and involving film [than the original].
0.6 Not as good as the third sequel but still very entertaining.
0.8 A delicious second helping of Clint & Sergio!
0.9 One excellent western.
1.0 Underrated.
1.0 90 minutes of iconic imagery, some deep questions and a surprising amount of humor. This is Art with a capital A, but that doesn't mean it's not entertaining at the same time, which only makes its artistry even greater.
0.8 Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids.
1.0 The Seventh Seal is a film not about the end of time, but the silence between man and God.
0.9 Bergman's film about the actual figure of Death is one of his funniest and, ultimately, most hopeful works.
1.0 As a youth, perhaps no other film opened my eyes to the wonderful possibilities of cinema as much as The Seventh Seal.
0.5 Swedish cinema titan Ingmar Bergman's mopey/earthy 1957 breakthrough The Seventh Seal may have done more than any other film to popularize and demonize the notion of world cinema as the boutique of the cultural intelligentsia.
1.0 Perhaps no one film speaks more fully to the human condition than The Seventh Seal. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening.
1.0 still spiritually resonates today
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece no film fan should miss.
1.0 Bergman's superbly shot wintry images, much like those of a silent film, print themselves indelibly on the mind, while the Knight's search for a God who never answers foreshadows the pessimism of the director's later work.
1.0 Guaranteed to thunder on the big screen.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's dark masterpiece effortlessly sees off the revisionists and the satirists; it is a radical work of art that reaches back to scripture, to Cervantes and to Shakespeare to create a new dramatic idiom of its own.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's black and white masterpiece The Seventh Seal has matured like a great wine over 50 years.
1.0 Full of haunting, iconic images and a touch of hopeful humanity, The Seventh Seal is cinema at its most artful, a philosophical meditation on the meaning(lessness) of this mortal coil.
0.6 Fear, peril and hoplessness soak every frame.
1.0 A grand, thought-provoking and highly enjoyable piece of cinematic history.
1.0 Dark but beautiful.
0.833333333333 Not only highly impressive but thought-provoking, relevant and intensely moving in our present, nervous, times.
0.625 It manages some powerful images, but it feels a bit too calculated to really get under the skin.
1.0 Haunting and beautiful.
1.0 Essentially intellectual, yet emotionally stimulating, too, it is as tough -- and rewarding -- a screen challenge as the moviegoer has had to face this year.
1.0 Almost hypnotic in its power, it's a film that washes away all the parodying it has received over the years, emerging as fresh and startling today as it did nearly 50 years ago.
1.0 Great existentialism and morbid humor. Fantastic performances.
1.0 Easily, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 This is an uncompromising film, regarding good and evil with the same simplicity and faith as its hero.
1.0 So gripping as to be entertaining in an enlightening way.
0.75 Packed with hot women, a ninja-like character and zombies, it's the kind of movie a 15-year-old would make with a limitless budget and little concern for ratings. Good thing he knows how to make an incredibly fun movie.
0.8 Planet Terror makes bad movies look good, and that's absolutely a compliment.
0.6 Too ugly conceptually to be any fun.
0.8 Geysers of blood, insinuating camera angles and an extremely playful editing style add to the mayhem, keeping us gasping in horror and laughing at the gleeful excesses on screen.
1.0 Exciting, sexy, gory - in a good way - and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Rodriguez's zombie exploitation flick is the most fun you'll have in the cinema all year.
0.4 Won't make any friends outside of B-movie aficionados, and even they might tire of laughing at all the cheapo gore being thrown around.
0.6 McGowan is a suitably slinky presence as the lead avenger with a machine gun for a leg; blood and pus regularly fill the screen as Rodriguez lets rip with gleeful abandon.
0.6 Only watch if you have an offbeat sense of humour.
0.2 A loving testament to exploitation horror cinema and a moronic sop to a certain generation of male film fans' obsession with breasts, guns and gore.
0.6 Following Tarantino's Death Proof, Rodriguez throws his hat into the Grindhouse ring and comes out the clear winner. Impossible not to be charmed by its gross-out effects, bad dialogue and amputee action.
0.6 Gloopy and outrageous, this schlock horror tribute is pure trash... in the best possible sense.
0.6 A bona fide trash pastiche. So good it's bad, then? Almost, but the panache and playfulness machine-gun most of the shortcomings. DVD suppliers! Can we have the two films plus trailers in one now, please?
0.333333333333 Aficionados will appreciate the po-faced wordplay and self-consciously gnarled-up aesthetic (missing reels, bad syncing, etc) as much as the fleshy centrepieces and gross-out grace notes. Others will struggle to find much appeal.
0.6 While this is the Grindhouse film that suffers most from being presented solo, it's still the most fun. Watch with beer in hand and tongue in cheek for optimal effect.
0.2 If somebody chewed your head off, would you at least forget this mess?
0.8 Its spirit is one of pure entertainment, and its commentary on old grindhouse movies is lovingly satirical.
1.0 A gruesome homage to every awful zombie flick ever made and a guaranteed treat for fans of that trashy genre from a bygone era.
0.8 Fast-paced, freakishly gory, and boasting a few unexpected surprises, Planet Terror is one of the best horror movies I've seen in years.
0.5 Hellbent on being innocuous, high-spirited fun, but it just comes off as shrill and shallow and dimwitted.
0.25 I don't think my negative reaction is a case of a parent forgetting the sort of mindless entertainment that he himself enjoyed as a child; rather the turtle fights are more depressing than joyful.
0.5 The plot, as primitive as it is, still isn't very clear; it never acquires the spontaneity or the force of a true "story" but seems to exist mainly as a pretext for the familiar Ninja banter so beloved of the cult, as in "Cowabunga, dudes," and such forth
0.75 One finds in them the same unabashed enjoyment of color and movement, of spectacular athletics and outrageous stunts, that animates the Hong Kong action cinema as a whole and makes it so superbly entertaining.
0.4 This sequel is less abrasive than its predecessor and was considerably less successful at the box office.
0.4 If the new film is considerably less imaginative than your average Punch-and-Judy show, it is, nevertheless, a step up from last year's turtle-fest.
0.375 The plot of Turtles II hinges on toxic waste and that turns out to be a pretty accurate description of the film.
0.25 The Turtles return in this underwhelming sequel that generally fares about as well as its predecessor...
0.6 This is one of those rare sequels that actually lives up quite nicely to the original.
0.625 Clever if rather mechanical.
0.6 This lacks the darkness and subtlty that makes th first film so good, and so adult, but its simplified plot and gags will appeal to the under tens.
0.4 The sequel plays things very safe
0.2 This one should have oozed out of the can before it got into any theaters.
0.0 For losers
0.6 The muppets look mighty fake, and Vanilla Ice was better in Cool as Ice, but check out wrestler Kevin Nash as Super Shredder.
0.31 Not only insulting to your intelligence, but also harmful for children to watch.
0.0 Dear God, why?
0.6 Even more fun than the original!
0.4 if a Vanilla Ice cameo is a highlight, imagine what the rest of the film is like
0.5 If you're a kid, you're going to see it. If you're a parent you may have no choice.
0.25 Today's kids are learning from the Turtles that the world is a sinkhole of radioactive waste, that it's more reassuring to huddle together in sewers than take your chances competing at street level, and that individuality is dangerous. Cowabunga.
0.6 The production values are wonderful (due in large part to the work of Animatronic Puppeteers and Jim Henson's Creature Shop) and the script is quick and funny.
0.75 This delirious experience covers most bases and makes at least a cursory stab at the few it misses.
0.8 Werewolf thriller set during French revolution.
1.0 A 17th century French costume drama where everybody is Kung-fu fighting - with some highly watchable results!
0.8 Guaranteed to make you howl at the moon on your way out.
1.0 A stylish, smart, edgy, exciting and involving trek though familiar folklore, often better than the masses have been told and even more appealing after repeat viewings.
0.8 The film has a wonderful style and a sense of movement that barely slows down for its two and a half hours.
0.75 'Magnifica oportunidad para poder apreciar otro tipo de cine de accion que no provenga de Hollywood, donde la calidad esta peleada con la taquilla y la maquinaria generadora de dolares.'
0.75 A delightfully eclectic piece of filmmaking.
0.25 If The Brotherhood of the Wolf has a reason for being, it may be only to prove that the French can make movies as silly, blood-soaked and overblown as the Americans.
0.5 It's the best darned French werewolf kung-fu movie I've ever seen. That's not saying much.
1.0 Blends too many genres to be easily described, but whatever it is, it's awesome!
0.75 The damnedest thing I've seen since the Siegfried and Roy 3-D Imax movie.
0.625 A big, sprawling adventure yarn that's a lot more like a Hollywood film than a European film ...
0.7 In short, it's a big mess. I mean that in the best possible way.
0.75 thoroughly engrossing, a high-rent guilty pleasure whose subtitles do little to obscure its basic investment in the thrills of sex and violence
0.7 Plenty of swash-buckling, ass-kicking, beast-taming and bone-crunching for everyone!
0.7 It's such a thrilling piece of nonsense, it's little wonder it's already one of the most successful French films ever.
0.75 Exhilirating viewing, at least while the feet are flying and the fangs are baring.
0.7 One of the most wildly and audaciously unpredictable movies in ages.
0.7 This is visceral cinema with a devilish wit and a glossy sheen.
0.75 Utterly preposterous but so full of enthusiasm and flashy style that it's entertaining anyway.
0.4 Suffers from its shotgun approach and a severe identity crisis.
0.8 Proof positive that Hollywood doesn't own exclusive rights to the "Enjoyable B-Movie".
0.4 This new take on horror is more of the bloody same.
0.6 A deeply ambitious picture, one of the most expensive and original to come out of France in many years.
0.7 Imagine John Woo directing a lush French period horror film with fight choreography from The Matrix's Woo-Ping Yuen, and you'll have a pretty good idea what to expect from Wolf.
0.625 Brotherhood is set in 18th century France, and it kicks more butt than The Patriot
0.75 Daring in its approach and successful in its result -- assuming the result is to provide pure entertainment to the viewer.
0.5 If director Christophe Gans and writer Stephane Cabel had been content to simply make an 18th Century-set chopsocky creature feature, then all would have been fine.
0.75 Check your brains at the popcorn stand, ignore most of the florid, subtitled dialogue -- and sit back and enjoy this genre-bending wild ride.
0.1 A mad agglomeration of styles and traditions that ultimately results in nothing so much as a mad agglomeration of styles and traditions.
0.3 Gans appears to have no threshold of pain when it comes to his eardrums.
0.25 Gans splices genres without shame and makes a grand effort at proving that the French can make big, boneheaded, mass-market action flicks, too.
0.875 Gourmet Brie on a baguette -- empty calories, and certainly a guilty pleasure, but what a delicious diversion.
0.75 I would be lying if I did not admit that this is all, in its absurd and overheated way, entertaining.
0.8 A cross-cultural hoot that no one should take too seriously.
0.8 The picture has a daring attention-span deficit and an epic silliness that can be awesomely entertaining.
0.3 Brutal. Ugly. Predictable. Boring. Stereotypical. Comical. Violent. Lethargic.
0.625 Despite its laughable elements, the film's eerie ambience continually bolsters its integrity...
0.375 Its beast, which looks like a papier-mache dinosaur, jumps around like a cheap monster from a bad 1950's sci-fi flick.
0.75 Gans's Gallic super-production is so outrageously trashy it's impossible not to like.
0.875 Imagine what it'd be like if John Woo were a French guy obsessed with Lautrecian brothels.
0.4 The result will leave serious cinephiles cold and bore those in search of lurid cheap thrills.
0.75 The combatants in pre-revolutionary France could have taught Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan a lesson.
0.7 De cualquier modo, y pese a su duracion, la pelicula es pasajera, suficientemente buena, y tiene elementos que pueden disfrutarse...
0.7 One of Spielberg's most difficult "problem" films.
1.0 This is Spielberg's way of showing that these warriors were ordinary men -- men who, if they survived, became the grandfathers and great-grandfathers who, these days, pass largely unnoticed through life.
0.8 Spielberg's latest masterwork, pairing America's director with '90s Everyman Tom Hanks, makes a natural companion piece to his similarly disturbing Schindler's List.
0.75 Spielberg's typically overindulgent sensibilities mute the impact of the film's more overtly captivating moments.
0.8 Ultimately, it lacks the resonance of such classics as All Quiet on the Western Front, but this is still well-meaning, strongly acted and slickly mounted, and ranks among the director's very best films.
1.0 By now we expect this level of performance and narrative competence from a Spielberg film. But what makes Saving Private Ryan a watershed is its emotional maturity.
0.8 Technically, it may be the best-made war movie yet, but dramatically, it barely delivers.
1.0 The cast functions as an effective and believable unit. And Hanks gives a strong, increasingly solemn performance as its mysterious leader.
1.0 Anyone who would like to know what superb filmmaking is all about need look no further than this overpowering movie.
1.0 The great Hollywood battle films have told us repeatedly that war is hell. Saving Private Ryan, more than any other, is the one that shows it.
0.8 Thanks to Hanks, and Spielberg's technical finesse, this develops into a powerful and potent portrayal of men at war, and those opening 20 minutes are worth the price of entry alone.
0.8 Bloody, tragic war epic doesn't hold back.
1.0 It deserved all the honors it received, looks and sounds great on Blu-ray, and safely remains among the best war movies of all time.
0.94 Saving Private Ryan set a new benchmark for realism in WWII films, and defined war movies for a generation. A film of scope and vision rarely experienced, its award-winning cinematography and sound editing helped convey the blood-chilling images of
1.0 I personally have never fought in a war before but I would go out on a limb and say that the first twenty minutes of the film may be the most realistic war scene I have seen.
0.6 It's forty minutes of steely violence and two hours of cliche-ridden flab.
0.875 Saving Private Ryan is an incredible movie, a near-masterpiece.
0.7 The opening 30 minutes are so devastating that much of what follows ends up feeling anticlimactic. Good, but overrated.
1.0 Neither wholly condemning war, nor spouting patriotism, Spielberg shows us the price we pay.
1.0 Uncompromising, powerful war movie that does not pull any punches. Pefectly balances the inhumanity of war and the humanity of its protagonists. Devastating and essential viewing.
0.875 It's Spielberg at his best, although the movie doesn't match the primal thrills of Jaws or the overwhelming excellence of Schindler's List.
0.7 Even the music score by John Williams, one of the most important ingredients of Spielberg's magic formula, is hardly memorable. The acting, on the other hand, is very good.
1.0 The movie's greatest strength lies in phenomenal performances that reach from the leads right down to the smallest supporting roles...
0.75 The platoon is an unlikely combination of heroes, cowards and crusaders.
1.0 This film does for World War II what Platoon and The Deer Hunter did for Vietnam. It takes you there.
0.9 Saving Private Ryan is far from flawless, but it's an important movie. It shows what America was once capable of, how a threat to freedom and justice was met with resolve and bravery, and how a great victory came at great cost.
1.0 Very few movies strike the delicate balance that Private Ryan maintains between harsh reality and higher purpose.
0.5 The combat scenes alone make it a must-see, but I sometimes wished I could fast-forward through the rest.
0.75 The greatest Steven Spielberg movie since the last great one? Sure.
0.8 El desembarco en Normandia es un evento famoso de la Historia, pero nunca habia sido fotografiado en esta forma.
1.0 This is an important film that deconstructs war machines into separate, frightened men as it so likely was.
0.875 A message which can never be spoken too often, or for too long.
1.0 With complete visual and aural technical mastery, Spielberg and Kaminski thrust us face-first into the fighting, and never let us back out for two hours and forty minutes.
1.0 Saving Private Ryan may be the most mature war film ever made.
1.0 For those who are willing to brave the movie's shocking and unforgettable images, Saving Private Ryan offers a singular motion picture experience.
1.0 A powerful experience.
1.0 Despite nearly six decades of filmmakers trying to come to grips with [World War II, Saving Private Ryan] feels like the first truly honest attempt to deal with the horrors of combat -- and the terrible responsibility shared by all survivors.
0.9 Saving Private Ryan is one of the most brilliant pieces of film ever created. I don't think I'll ever be able to watch it again.
0.89 The performances are all superb.
1.0 With its riveting combat drama played out against a D-Day backdrop, Saving Private Ryan is a masterpiece of World War II heroism.
1.0 The most intense modern war movie ever made.
1.0 With Private Ryan the object is to put you in a place no sane person would choose to go. And it does.
1.0 The standard has been raised.
1.0 As compelling, intimate and brutally realistic an account of men at war as you've ever seen.
1.0 An experience that left me shaken and deeply moved.
1.0 An experience sometimes hard to endure but not to be missed.
1.0 Once again, Steven Spielberg proves that as a constructer of movie images, he's unbeatable.
1.0 A stunning piece of work that aims and hits the audience square in the gut.
1.0 Spielberg has done and said a lot more about war in this film than any other film in history ever has.
0.8 A bitter, bloody masterpiece with adrenalized emotions and hyper-realized images.
1.0 Spielberg opens in flashback with a half-hour set piece brilliant enough to climax any other masterpiece.
0.9 Spielberg has obviously poured his heart into this movie.
0.75 Certain to be one of the year's most popular and talked-about movies.
0.875 ...Features the strongest character interactions of any Spielberg work post-Jaws
1.0 Launches and climaxes with two of the greatest extended battle sequences ever put on film.
0.75 A good movie, but, like Amistad, it has its problems.
0.75 It is the battle scenes, which burn in your mind for days afterwards, that distinguish this film.
1.0 A war film that, entirely aware of its genre's conventions, transcends them as it transcends the simplistic moralities that inform its predecessors, to take the high, morally haunting ground.
0.8 Absolutely genuine, graphic, testament of the actual horrors of war.
1.0 Una de las experiencias cinematograficas mejor logradas y mas impactantes de muchos, muchos anos
1.0 The word that springs to mind is 'intense', but that is an understating insult.
1.0 Saving Private Ryan is a brilliant, savage piece of filmmaking, a soaring paean to the courage of man -- as individual and as family.
0.9 The honesty and realism of some of the scenes of this film may forever change the war film.
1.0 Ralph Waldo Emerson once said that 'war educates the senses,' and that statement has never been truer than when applied to Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.
0.7 It would be quite impossible to claim is that the filmmaker's love of his subject isn't apparent throughout every lovingly-crafted frame.
0.75 The screenplay has flashes of real wit, and Perlman is perfect in the title role.
0.6 Somewhat entertaining, but too scary for many.
0.8 Hellboy both kicks butt and falls in love, in an adventure that is thrilling, funny and touching.
0.75 A strong anti-superhero movie that turns the genre sideways.
0.75 Ron Perlman--the Lon Chaney of our time--plays Hellboy with grit, humor, and a depth of feeling which, barely, grounds the movie.
0.6 They say the devil gets all the best tunes and, on the strength of this latest comicbook adaptation, he gets all the good one-liners, too.
0.8 Perlman, at age 53, strides in like a hungry young actor itching to prove something, only with 22 years of experience lending him charisma and confidence.
0.75 As expertly played by Perlman, even with tons of make-up and prostheteics, our hero is a good 'monster' whose origin haunts him to the bone.
0.75 Stylish sci-fi director Guillermo Del Toro brings Mike Mignola's stone-fisted, horny (literally!) cult comic book hero to life in this wry, glossy adventure.
0.8 An experience you can't miss.
0.5 ... a dull, derivative, poorly plotted movie. Hellboy's enemies are interesting at first, but they wear out their welcome quickly.
0.5 The trouble with computer graphics in films these days is that a computer doesn't have half the imagination of a human.
0.79 A briefly entertaining but forgettable adventure.
0.6 It hasn't got the breakout potential of less eccentric comic book heroes, but fans will thank the dark squid gods for del Toro's admirable loyalty to the source material.
0.8 Extremely enjoyable comic-book romp -- impressively directed with a witty, imaginative script and a terrific central performance from Perlman.
0.7 This good-looking superhero adventure tackles all of life's big questions -- what is the nature of evil, are genes more influential than the environment, and who would win in a fight between a shaven-horned demon and a giant hellborn squid.
0.8 It works big time.
0.6 A richly imaginative comicbook world is unveiled in Hellboy. If only the story was as strong.
0.75 'Es un buen trabajo para Del Toro pero todavia muy alejado de lo que nos tiene acostumbrados. Recomendada especialmente para fans del comic.'
0.4 Parts of Hellboy are enjoyable enough, I guess, but there's way, way too much to potentially enjoy.
0.8 Buena fotografia, excelente maquillaje, llamativos efectos y un guion inteligente para saber que no es un producto serio, sino una historieta llevada a la pantalla.
0.6 Hellboy is sort of a Denis Leary Catholic: Snarls a lot, tromps around in a grungy coat, and chomps on tobacco products continuously.
0.6 Prende a atencao do espectador gracas aos seus interessantes personagens e ao rico universo no qual estes vivem.
0.5 While Comic Book Movies may be the new fad, I'm hoping that the trend will quickly end its tenure of terrorizing the cinematic landscape.
0.6 The grim humor is ironically enjoyable and makes this film worth seeing. But neither del Toro nor Mignola knows who Hellboy should be.
0.6 Dynamic in disposition, but ineffectually conveyed.
0.8 Depths of character draw us in and make the film much more than an exercise in eye-poppingly inventive design, make-up, effects and action.
0.75 Hellboy will strike a chaotic chord with audiences that appreciate their dark and stylish comic book narratives as mysteriously inviting and highly spirited
0.6 Perlman plays the adult Hellboy to perfection: part blustery, stogie-chomping tough guy in a mean leather duster, and part angsty teenager, sick and tired of being confined to the BPRD lest his appearance incite a riot among the general populace.
0.6 I think it's worth checking out on the big screen if you're even slightly interested. I think seeing it with an audience may help.
0.75 Overall, Hellboy is a hot time in the old town, a great comic book movie writ large.
0.6 Although Perlman's presence provides the heart and soul of Hellboy, the film's fire dies down the moment he disappears from sight
0.75 ...reminiscent of both The League of Extraordinary Gentleman, but with a better story, and Men in Black, but less adorable.
0.625 Sly humor, restrained violence/language, and a terrific -- and very crimson -- Ron Perlman position Hellboy as a cut above your average Mutants vs. Nazis flick.
0.75 If you're planning to take a comic book to the big screen, Guillermo del Toro is the man you want behind the camera.
0.875 Perlman invests him with such genuine emotions -- both good and bad -- that we never for a second doubt his plausibility as a character or why he makes the choices he does.
0.6 It works basically because of Ron Perlman.
0.75 Master director Guillermo Del Toro artistically glues the fanciful bits to his celluloid canvas creating a visual feast for the imagination! Read on->
0.75 Finally, we have an excellent fresh treatment for a comic book hero.
0.5 A great concept burdened by an unwieldy back story...
0.7 It doesn't leave the "Is that it?" aftertaste that cursed Daredevil, but it definitely feels like something we've seen before ... many, many times before.
0.7 It would have been so easy to play Hellboy as caricature, but [Ron] Perlman provides the character heart, soul, and the richness of life.
0.5 This movie isn't original enough, exciting enough, or humorous enough to sustain interest, let alone spawn the expected sequel or two.
0.75 ...wickedly funny and action packed...
0.625 OK, the CGI stuff is getting better. But it still looks like CGI stuff.
0.9 As good a comic book flick as I've seen in years.
0.7 ...un heureux melange de bande dessinee inventive et de monstres 'lovecraftiens'...
0.7 Combining CG with matte paintings, models and animatronics, writer/director Guillermo del Toro fosters the fun and ingenuity that fuel this often-confusing horror fantasy.
0.875 Succeeds as a supernatural special-effects free-for-all, a no-holds-barred monster throwdown and even a love story.
0.5 Writer/director Guillermo del Toro puts too much effort on image and not enough on background.
0.75 Thanks to the singular vision of director Guillermo del Toro and Mike Mignola's gloriously dark source material, Hellboy is a wicked trip into the fantastic.
0.9 [Hellboy's] actions are believable, his issues are sympathetic, and his humor is genuinely funny.
0.75 The world created in Hellboy seems to reveal something clever at every turn...I hope that there's a sequel.
0.625 With all pro's and con's tallied, Hellboy stands as a durable popcorn entertainment with definite potential to become a franchise.
0.8 I've seen bad superhero movies before. This is not a bad superhero movie. Enjoy.
0.75 A wonderfully pulpy thrill ride full of awesome computer-generated and make-up effects.
0.8 The film hits its stride in all the moments where del Toro forgets about his silly hocus-pocus Apocalypse and lets his heroes interact and grow.
0.75 Somehow del Toro gives the movie unexpected rhythm and spirit; don't be surprised if you get caught up in this weirdly affecting tale...
0.7 This superhero character would seem to confirm the oft held view that we are molded by our environment.
0.5 [Hellboy] is gloomily gorgeous, but its tone careens recklessly between light comedy and dark portentousness and the character relationships suffer.
0.8 Easily the most adept comic book adaptation since Ghost World.
0.75 [del Toro] doesn't quite knock it out of the park like X2 or Spider-Man, but that's not because of a weak swing.
0.75 If you don't normally go to films where the lead characters look like giant Pez dispensers, the slogging fights of Hellboy may seem like purgatory. But there's enough going on in between the big action sequences to save the movie from mediocrity.
0.5 It's a movie for people (the guy kind) who can't stop turning the pages of comic books, who want life to be serialized.
0.5 Hellboy is at its best in the first half. That's when we get to watch him in action. But director Guillermo del Toro ultimately allows the film to run out of steam.
0.625 Fast, funny, and flippant.
0.4 While the character of Hellboy is entertaining, the film in which he appears is largely an exploitative jumble.
0.75 I don't know if Hellboy has had a Beauty and the Beast relationship in his comic-book life, but if he did, the filmmakers did right by him in casting Ron Perlman.
0.75 Silly stuff, to be sure, but Perlman is so spectacular that he holds it together.
0.6 A film for comic book fanatics, children and fantasy fans, but it's hardly a heavenly experience for those who prefer actual literature.
0.7 Wickedly good!
0.75 Despite its shallow feel, Hellboy still succeeds as a piece of relentless pop entertainment.
0.875 If you identified with the freakish misfits of The X-Men, you'll love Hellboy and friends. They are a helluva lot X-ier.
0.625 Surprisingly enjoyable.
0.75 Del Toro's wittiest, most visually diverse feature to date.
0.6 Guillermo del Toro's above-average if not-quite-spectacular adaptation of Hellboy sticks to this expectation-flipping recipe and retains the comic's cheeky, po-mo spirit.
0.75 Far be it from me to endorse yet another franchise, but thanks to del Toro and a smart script, Hellboy is so entertaining that you long to see what further heck this gang can raise.
0.75 The constant winking at the audience does get a little tiresome, but for the most part, the film is a fun and thrilling action piece.
0.875 Del Toro clearly knows exactly what he's doing. With the big budget of Hellboy, he was given the tools to do it well, along with the freedom to do it right.
0.875 Hellboy is one of those rare movies that's not only based on a comic book, but also feels like a comic book. It's vibrating with energy, and you can sense the zeal and joy in its making.
0.625 He's finally figured out what to do with a big budget ... Yet del Toro still hasn't figured out some basic storytelling tenets.
0.75 An action movie with a brain, a heart, the nerve.
0.7 Comic fans should enjoy the movie, but those with only a passing interest won't be as enthralled.
0.6 Essentially, Hellboy is another WWF Smackdown movie.
0.8 Perlman, who has become a modern-day Lon Chaney with the variety of monsters and weird characters he has played, has his best role...
0.75 A damned good time.
0.7 Purists may be disgruntled with parts of the story, but they'll agree that Hellboy captures the essence of the big, lovable lug with attitude to spare.
0.7 Filled with even doses of action, humor and multi-dimensional characters with heart, Hellboy is everything a comic book movie should be.
0.625 Making no apologies for the source material, director Guillermo del Toro lets his picture gorge on power bars of pop energy, sugared with sprinkles of playful humour.
0.5 I enjoyed the first 90 minutes and was ready to give this a recommend, but the last 30 minutes sent the movie straight to hell for me.
0.75 [F]eels like a genre classic for much of its running time, until it tails off sharply in its final third.
0.5 Portions of the movie capture the spirit of the clever source material, yet it eventually becomes another generic action flick bogged down by the weight of its CGI effects.
0.875 Most heroes need a cape. Hellboy needs a hug.
0.875 Hell, yeah.
0.9 This movie is an astoundingly colorful and exceedingly entertaining showcase of Demonic Superheroes vs. Slimy Monsters.
0.75 Ron Perlman is almost frighteningly perfect.
0.6 A comic book you've never heard of is brought to the big screen gleaming with enthusiasm, even if the script could have used more polish.
0.5 Hellboy is as magnificent looking a comic book film as I've ever seen, but an increased sense of boredom detached me about midway through.
0.75 Hellboy has an amazing soul and sense of drama that exceeds what you get from most comic book movies.
0.5 A fiery action picture destined to please fans of other comics-turned-adventure flicks such as X-Men. The rest of us will find ourselves left out in the cold.
0.625 Hellboy is the most engaging comic-book movie character to emerge in years, and his complex personality is perfectly personified by Ron Perlman, with a prosthetic assist.
0.6 Though there's nothing particularly new in the Hellboy narrative, it's easy to be captivated by del Toro's style and the film's overall panache.
0.75 What separates Hellboy from your run-of-the-mill comic book movie is, ironically, that it feels like it's about real people.
0.75 Hellboy is on fire with scares and laughs and del Toro's visionary dazzle.
0.7 Perlman is the best casting in the history of super-hero films.
0.6 Hellboy the character is a great deal more interesting than Hellboy the movie.
0.7 Guillermo del Toro lets loose with a vaudevillian rambunctiousness that makes his adaptation of the Hellboy comic book series daffy, loose and lovable.
0.625 If you're a Hellboy fan, the film is a must-see. For others, don't bother.
0.75 The most successful transformation from pulp page to big screen since Tim Burton's Batman in 1989.
0.75 Faithful to its pulp roots and lacking the cumbersome self-seriousness of many a comic-book adaptation, Hellboy is, well, hellacious good fun.
0.625 Visually attractive, but not much else.
0.75 A fully formed, funny, smart and briskly entertaining horror show.
0.875 A welcome change of pace from the senseless sensibilities of most Hollywood comic-book spectacles.
0.5 The movie feels at odds with itself, embracing the comics' idiosyncratic creations without an idiosyncratic worldview.
0.7 A fun monster movie.
0.625 The promise is in the premise. Next time (and after Hellboy makes millions, there will be a next time), someone just has to make good on it.
0.75 Despite several drawbacks, Hellboy nevertheless succeeds in entertaining.
0.625 (Perlman's) rumbling, ironic lilt and cynical cigar-chomping give charismatic aplomb to this supernatural superhero...
0.75 One part fierce, one part vulnerable: like the director, like his heroes.
0.6 del Toro's focus on the mood and the effects unfortunately causes the characters to suffer
0.85 Ron Perlman as Hellboy might be the best casting ever of a superhero...he's cooler than the movie is.
0.75 I've never laid an eye on Mignola's comic, but I know a good del Toro film when I see it.
0.5 A long, violent, cigar commercial that's for Hellboy comic book fans only.
0.6 If it weren't for the sag in the story's pacing halfway through that threatens to have the whole thing implode in on itself, it would be a perfect flight of fancy.
0.2 A somnolent international crime thriller. Completely run-of-the-mill and executed with zero energy.
0.4 One of the silliest hostage thrillers you're ever likely to see Patrick Stewart vamp his way through.
0.0 The title could not be a more ironic--the people behind this film don't have a single mind between them, let alone one to master.
0.875 It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
0.3 They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
0.6 It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
0.625 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
0.7 That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
0.75 Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
0.375 an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
0.75 It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
0.5 This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
0.6 A solid lead-up to the finale.
0.75 As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
1.0 This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
0.63 It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
0.625 a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
0.75 In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
0.6 Better than the first, not as good as the second.
0.625 So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
0.5 The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
0.8 This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
0.4 Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
0.7 The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
0.7 Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
0.8 In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
0.4 The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
0.8 Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
0.9 An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
0.8 A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
0.25 This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
0.5 Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
0.25 A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
0.5 It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
0.75 So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
0.4 Dark and too often tedious.
0.6 The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
0.8 A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
0.75 Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
0.375 Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
0.8 To be honest, Mockingjay Part 1 is probably the weakest of the three so far, but if this is as bad as it gets, that is still something of a triumph.
0.8 Melancholy, violent sequel sets stage for waging war.
0.5 Just like Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I is one long and boring journey leading to one surprising moment that isn't worth the two hours it takes to get to its destination.
0.7 A solid entry in the series, and lays an intriguing foundation for Part 2, but Mockingjay - Part 1 is rarely as entertaining or rewarding as its predecessors.
0.875 With Mockingjay - Part I, the series becomes a clever commentary on the genre it helped cement.
0.6 There's dramatic tension, a good deal of emotion, and one heck of a setup for the next movie. But frequently this warm-up seems like it's huffing and puffing without generating a lot of real heat.
0.75 May not work on a stand-alone level, but if you've become invested in the series, it's an important, thoughtful bridge between what has already happened and what is yet to come.
1.0 Mockingjay succeeds where the book failed
0.8 Lawrence's performance roils with stress and fear, as it did in the first two films, and director Francis Lawrence stays with her, up close, from start to finish, visually mirroring the script's examination of Katniss's cult of personality.
0.5 Dour, dreary, disappointing installment, milking every last dime out of the franchise's devoted following.
0.625 Jennifer Lawrence's charisma and the the sly excellence of her supporting cast keep "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" aloft.
0.375 Not even the ferociously talented Jennifer Lawrence, whose greatest skill is breathing life into lifeless material, can work her magic here.
0.8 This four-part franchise, based on the Suzanne Collins novels, turns very dark with this strikingly bold third film, which once again makes the most of perspective to recount a parable about normal people rising up against oppression.
0.5 It's not as snooze worthy as the first part of "Harry Potter's" finale, but that's the only good news out of Mockingjay Part One.
0.375 ...a shameless cash-grab designed to extend the life of this profitable series.
0.8 'Mockingjay, Part 1" is only half awesome because it is only half a movie. Suzanne Collins' final book in the trilogy has been segmented into two films, massacring the momentum the previous films had delicately built.
0.7 The vast majority of credit for 'The Hunger Games' franchise should go to the cast, and most importantly to Jennifer Lawrence, without whom this sucker would surely crash and burn.
0.625 The end result is a serving of dystopian-pop entertainment lifted over the middling mark by the humanity supplied by the cast.
0.8 Mockingjay is by far the bleakest of the movies so far. Yet this first part of the last book in the Suzanne Collins series may also be the most potent.
0.8 Mockingjay - Part 1 is just big enough of a story that, even as a two-parter, the film feels substantial and justifiably halved. There's simply too much to digest as all the pieces are put into place and the real games are set to begin.
0.4 The book's critics say this the weakest of the three novels. True or not, the ultra slow Mockingjay - Part 1 is part one of a story that definitely doesn't warrant two parts.
0.7 Katniss proves she can handle the action as it spills out of the arena. Binge viewing is encouraged...
0.75 This is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series, with the heroes constantly on defense - running, hiding, planning, hoping.
0.625 This is filler in every way you can look at it. Good filler, but still filler.
0.4 Mockingjay Part 1 is a hideously boring, bleak film. They've taken thirty minutes of plot, then stretched it out like taffy into an insufferable two hours.
0.8 This transitional effort's teething problems aside, it's crammed with well-drawn characters and intelligent ideas, meaning the franchise remains as robust and rule-breaking as its idiosyncratic protagonist.
0.5 The effect of so many Oscar-calibre actors speaking the generic dialogue is like watching pro ballplayers play T-ball.
0.75 If Mockingjay - Part 1 is quieter and less flashy than its predecessors, that doesn't make it less satisfying.
0.625 Captivating as both drama and allegory, and may even one-up the previous two entries in terms of its force of will and emotional complexity.
0.4 The greedy money grab for four movies rather than three is the epicenter of the film's problems.
0.875 Although Jennifer Lawrence hasn't earned an Oscar for her performances as Katniss Everdeen, no one can mock her 'Hunger Games' role.
0.5 It seems just one very elaborate preparation for the last episode and I do think that the fans have been conned, to a certain extent, that this episode has been split into two.
0.7 The strength of this third manifestation of The Hunger Games is in the cast and in the screenplay.
0.8 The third episode in the teen franchise is darker, deeper and braver.
0.4 As played by Hutcherson, [Peeta] has all the charisma of the least interesting member of the Yale crew team. Three movies in, [his bond with Katniss appears] more desperately theoretical than ever.
0.75 Just as the messianic rebel leader Katniss Everdeen has found her footing, the hit "Hunger Games" film series has become more assured with its latest installment.
0.75 This is as grim as PG-13 can get; the darkness is comparable to that of The Empire Strikes Back.
0.625 It's solid, though it's the least inspired of the three films to date, existing primarily as a bridge between the second film and the finale.
0.9 Skips the exhilarating games of the first two films and matures into a thought-provoking blockbuster that further distances the franchise from its would-be YA competition.
0.6 The Girl On Fire has gone up in smoke.
0.6 The Hunger Games is declining in power, but not as steeply as I thought, and this weird, operatic nightmare still inhabits the screen with confidence.
0.7 Is it worth sitting through this movie knowing full well that almost everything exciting and engaging is being saved for the finale? The answer is a qualified, with many reservations, "Yes."
0.8 It's a well-executed, occasionally daring exploration of war, propaganda, and guilt that's easy to watch, but occasionally difficult to stomach.
0.75 OK, there's less action in Games this time, but what's there is prime. And the acting is aces.
0.625 We can almost hear this revolution's resounding rallying cry: 'Hurry up and wait!'
0.6 If it's more talky and less satisfying than its predecessor, the propulsive The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - largely because the conclusion won't come until next year with Part 2 - it's still a sporadically involving adventure.
0.6 Katniss has little to do but react to the actions of others, though she does get to blow stuff up with her bow and enjoy a literal save the cat moment.
0.625 It makes for lumpy storytelling that never quite hits its stride.
0.5 The characters, once fresh and immediate creations, move like solemn chess pieces across the screen. Each scene, once tight and energized, feels sluggish and protracted. The crisp dialogue, now flabby and perfunctory, fails to propel the narrative along.
0.5 Audiences have a long year to wait for Part 2. Would it not have been better to leave them breathless than heaving a sigh?
0.625 There's enough here to at least keep fans of the series involved and eagerly awaiting the grand finale.
0.7 There's plenty of foreshadowing of what is to come but the story doesn't so much come to an end as have an intermission.
0.7 More politically-driven than its predecessors, the feature manages to keep the story's momentum going while giving more attention to its supporting characters.
0.6 Jennifer Lawrence holds everything together, ensuring by her sheer presence that you are willing to stick with it to the bitter end even as it feels that everything is in a holding position waiting for take off.
0.75 Although it doesn't make a lick of sense as a stand-alone story, "Mockingjay - Part 1" is the first "Hunger Games" movie with meat on its bones.
0.6 Although the great performances and promise of what's to come help offset the listless pacing and general needlessness of splitting the final book into two movies, the whole thing feels like one giant tease for "Part 2."
0.5 This dark-and-dour installment suffers from saga sag, which is the effort of the Hollywood studios to stretch a stirring girl power series with a monster fan-base beyond reasonable limits for the sake of lucre.
0.75 The second-to-last movie pitfalls strike, but the series has earned enough good faith to make Part 1 essential viewing.
0.625 After its first two terrific installments, the newest edition of "The Hunger Games" left me hungry, like a feast that's stunningly prepared but flavorless and non-nutritious.
0.8 Mockingjay - Part 1 is as dingy and dark as Blade Runner, but just as fascinating. No more party dresses catching fire. No more fantasy games. In their place is a war tableau that seems realistic, even if this is a futuristic fantasy film.
0.8 Although unmistakeably laying the groundwork for the finale, there is - for a series ostensibly aimed at adolescent girls - more genuine tension and bona fide thrills than Iron Man, Thor and Captain America rolled into one.
0.625 More often than not, Lawrence stands with jaw slack and brow scrunched, staring ahead to a murky future, one that won't be resolved until, oh, about this time next year.
0.4 With no real beginning and no real ending, the unsatisfying Mockingjay Part 1 is essentially all middle -- one big, stretched out, watered-down second act.
0.625 You leave this well-acted, impeccably designed movie as you entered it: still waiting.
0.6 Mockingjay may lack the action and excitement of the previous two movies, but it makes up for it in greater emotional and thematic resonance.
0.7 That Mockingjay maintains such a high level while evolving from a futuristic war film into a straight-up political thriller is an incredible achievement, even if it comes at the expense of the action some have come to expect.
0.8 DIVING back into the dystopian world of Panem and its arrow-firing heroine Katniss Everdeen continues to be a heady and exhilarating experience.
0.8 The revolution isn't just televised in the latest Hunger Games instalment; it's subdivided.
0.5 The film ultimately rests on Lawrence, and though she never disappoints, a single actress -- even one as lovely and lovable as she -- cannot save a blockbuster film.
1.0 Complexo, inteligente e tristemente contemporaneo.
0.5 Mockingjay - Part 1 does get a mid-film lift when Katniss and Gale go up against Snow's air force with a few bows and arrows; the scene is ridiculous, and it works. But the rest is a muddy, underlit slog, a movie that searches in vain for its own pulse.
0.5 Table setting for a meal that won't be served until next November.
0.625 It's a joyless, surpassingly dour enterprise, but one that fulfills its mission with Katniss's own eagle-eyed efficiency and unsentimental somberness. "Mockingjay" sets up the end Game with a grim sense of purpose.
0.625 Is there enough here to keep us interested? Yes, but there's a frustrating sense of time being marked in much of "Part 1" and the script often veers into no-duh territory.
0.7 Director Francis Lawrence does a nice job capturing the claustrophobic environment of District 13 and has a good eye for action shots. But the actors are what really sell the movie.
0.625 The least satisfying "Hunger Games" entry yet.
0.75 Lawrence, ever commanding and vulnerable, even delivers a song in a smoky voice that's vaguely reminiscent of Norah Jones. Place those EGOT 2025 bets now.
0.875 As an adaptation of part of the third book by Suzanne Collins, it's easily the most political of the three films. It's also the most absorbing and best in the series.
0.25 A dull, claustrophobic, pallid-looking film about people looking into and talking at screens. When the end finally comes, it's from out of nowhere, except it's not really an ending, more like a work stoppage.
0.2 For a film about the power of media to sway humanity in a desired direction, it's awfully leaden.
0.75 A dark, grim and exciting entertainment.
0.7 Without giving anything away, let's just say the pause button has been pressed with tantalising precision. Same time next year, then? You bet.
0.5 In this chapter, Katniss Everdeen, the working-class rebel played by Jennifer Lawrence, mostly holsters her weapons and plays dress-up, just as the movie itself gives up any higher aspirations of offering social commentary or insight.
0.75 Even though Mockingjay contains scenes of mass graves and mass slaughter on the battlefield, this isn't a movie, or a set of characters, built on bloodlust or the enjoyment of anonymous kills.
0.8 Yes, there is the usual teacup storm of romance, a girl caught between two boys, as in the Twilight series, but The Hunger Games offers teenagers a much more important set of questions to ponder.
0.4 Nothing more than a prelude to next year's finale. The material is way too thin to sustain two movies.
0.625 We're meant to feel the weight of Katniss' situation, and we do, but the picture can also fairly be called leaden...
0.75 I took my 14-year-old niece to see it, and she emphatically expressed "Oh my God! It was amazing!" You can't beat that.
0.375 Thinly spreads a half-hour's worth of plot over two plodding hours.
0.5 If you want drama, and action - and, most especially, Katniss in charge - well, buy another ticket, next year.
0.4 There are moments when "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" takes flight, but overall this action-drama flits about, wondering where to land.
0.5 Dull, dark and relentlessly glum.
0.7 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 often plays like a waiting game, but it solidifies the star and ideas of the franchise as the true heroes behind the YA phenomenon.
0.6 What was a tamed rip-off of the gory 'Battle Royale' becomes more like Steven Soderbergh's 'Che': a cerebral look at the gruntwork of revolution - with the YA-required threeway love story, of course.
0.625 What do you get when you greedily split a book in two? Long-winded filler with only pockets of tense action. Or, in Hunger Games terms: all smoke, no Girl on Fire.
0.8 Mockingjay merits the split - it perhaps even gives some balance and rhythm to a story that might've felt rushed were the events crammed into a single movie.
0.6 A disappointing follow-up to 'Catching Fire.' You're left feeling as if you've only watched half a movie without the same feeling of anticipation to see what happens next.
0.85 It's the blockbuster reimagined for a modern age of social consciousness, in which having the right idea means nothing if you can't also make a meme out of it.
0.8 The power of emotions in filmmaking is at the heart of this beautifully constructed and self-aware blockbuster. Can't wait for Mockingjay 2.
0.6 It might make economic sense for Lionsgate Pictures to carve the novel in two but it means this movie is all built-up with a distinct lack of excitement.
0.6 I wait with almost-bated breath for part two, a year from now. But I wish I didn't have to.
0.8 The politics of Mockingjay are as intensely gripping as the games in the earlier films -- and more deadly.
0.6 The drama and tone are powerful and effective and Lawrence makes an exceptionally charismatic heroine, but an almost total lack of action means this is less catching fire than treading water.
0.8 The film-makers have kept Collins's best lines, allowing Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, as Katniss's two love rivals, to show off their genuine acting skills.
0.6 Lawrence is again tremendous as Katniss. She gives her character an emotional depth that you don't expect in a franchise movie, conveying her vulnerability and doubt as well as well as her fiery determination and Barbarella-like sex appeal.
0.8 Mockingjay is, of course, fundamentally meant to be an engaging piece of entertainment... However, it's also a story in which the protagonist can be looked at as not just an unlikely hero, but a deconstruction of what a hero is or is meant to be.
0.8 Finds its success in meaningful themes, character-driven story, and smart execution, and ultimately creates some impressive depth for the phenomenon franchise.
0.8 Thrilling, heartfelt, and a terrific curtain-raiser for the final battle, Mockingjay Part 1 takes the Hunger Games series to new heights even as it sings in its own voice.
0.6 The special effects are limp and the script a little creaky, although somehow it still manages to thrill.
0.8 With measure and muscle, Lawrences Jennifer and Francis nail the job of selling the long, twisting road towards revolution.
0.6 As terrific as that first act is and as mostly entertaining as what follows is, Hunger Games: Catching Fire part I is half of a single story and mostly concerned with setting up however the series ends.
0.6 All queue, no roller-coaster.
0.8 Stylish, gripping and surprisingly thoughtful.
0.8 The Empire Strikes Back of the Hunger Games series.
0.8 Mockingjay Part 1 is a powerful, moving, penultimate chapter.
0.2 Soldiers of Fortune has a good cast, and most of them try their best, but you have to wonder why any of them actually signed on for this lopsided movie.
0.5 Soldiers of Fortune is...hardly the fun throwback to the action films of the 1980s that one might've hoped for...
0.3 Korostyshevsky doesn't waste a lot of time getting from run-jump-shoot to duck-roll-cover and back again; the artillery decibel level isn't matched by any notable level of filmmaking craft or excitement.
0.0 For the cast, shooting the movie (in Ukraine) may have been a working vacation, but for viewers, watching it is an excruciating sentence of hard labor.
0.0 At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that.
0.875 ...one of the most impressive debut features in cinematic history.
1.0 No matter how many times you've freeze-framed the bit at the end, it's still up there with Die Hard and Taxi Driver as one of the great once-a-year indulgences.
1.0 Brash, abrasive and unrelenting, this is a must-see.
0.75 This movie is not for everybody. It's for hardly anybody. Fans of this kind of paperback-style bloodbath, however, will be held by the promise of a resolution as outlandish and as the rest of the picture.
1.0 A brash, brutal crime-caper film, Reservoir Dogs has enough raw energy for 10 motion pictures and more than enough rough stuff to traumatize the sensitive. But not only does Dogs have teeth, it has brains.
0.8 Tarantino's palpable enthusiasm, his unapologetic passion for what he's created, reinvigorates this venerable plot and, mayhem aside, makes it involving for longer than you might suspect.
0.625 A much-acclaimed revisionist gangster film that I found to have more style than substance.
0.875 Reservoir Dogs is hideously ugly in its materials, but in the sure way it's made and the vividness of the performances, it's a thing of beauty.
0.8 Raw and bloody. For adults.
0.875 An action movie comprised almost entirely of words.
1.0 memorable
1.0 Tarantino was slated to direct the masterpiece that was True Romance but took on this project which might be the best directorial debut in years!
1.0 It's dynamite on a short fuse.
1.0 A tour de force.
1.0 Quentin Tarantino came out of nowhere with perhaps the most astonishing, explosive American debut film since John Cassavetes' Shadows.
0.8 This is a savage gangster story with all the Tarantino trappings, including enough blood for a couple of Jaws movies.
0.91 The one QT film that always manages to rope a knot in my stomach and keep a firm grip, pulling, twisting, tightening and re-tying it.
1.0 For Tarantino, the age of heroic competence is as dead as his characters are at the fadeout.
0.8 Grandes atuacoes em um filme chocante, mas engracado em sua violencia estilizada.
1.0 Fantastic crime movie. Awesome dialogue, plot structure and acting. Doesn't get much better.
0.6 A small, modestly budgeted crime movie of sometimes dazzling cinematic pyrotechnics and over-the- top dramatic energy.
1.0 A nasty, unchained beast with teeth as sharp as razors. And it's a dog that proudly leads the pack of the very finest crime films.
1.0 While Reservoir Dogs is probably Tarantino's most unpolished work, it strongly contends for the distinction of being his best.
0.9 I can't remember a movie getting me so excited about what you could do with a little bit of money, some fine actors, and lots of beautifully profane rhythmic dialogue.
0.9 Tarantino's debut is a wildly entertaining, thrilling, upsetting and hilarious movie, shot and performed with verve, go-for-broke energy and gritty charisma.
1.0 Riveting from start to finish.
0.9 After watching this film for the zillionth time, there's no doubt in my mind that this 'little doggy' belongs at the top echelon of any list having to do with great crime pictures.
0.875 Tarantino's camera has instinct.
0.8 Tarantino exploits audience savvy, preferring to build anticipation, mesmerise, and then cut away at the climax.
0.875 A ballet of macho posturing, gun-pointing, and the creative uses of every four-letter word imaginable.
1.0 It's brutal, it's funny and you won't forget it.
0.625 Tarentino has the craft down but lacks the depth and moral wisdom to avoid merely gleeful bloodletting.
0.625 The movie feels like it's going to be terrific, but Tarantino's script doesn't have much curiosity about these guys.
1.0 A nod to such noir crime classics as Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," the movie's more than savvy sensationalism. Suspense, horror and humor are expertly interwoven.
0.87 A classic well worth watching.
0.9 Chock full of witty and quotable dialogue and eye-popping scenes.
1.0 [A] remarkable macho crime caper that is at once violent, sickeningly funny and utterly compelling.
0.9 Tarantino has created a movie with all the gritty punch of a .44 in the belly.
1.0 The writing is crisp and clean, providing line after line of snappy dialogue designed to leave the viewer alternately pondering and laughing aloud.
0.6 Want more from a late-summer joyride than slides, wheelies and bunny hops? Get a load of Shannon, dementedly inspired, trying out an oddball accent and Richard Widmark giggle.
0.6 Just a few spokes short of a wheel, guys.
1.0 The kind of low-expectation late-summer film that can all too often fall under the radar but delivers more honestly and forcefully than most of its warm-weather predecessors.
0.6 Eye-popping practical bike work should provide interested viewers with a middle-of-the-road rush that's a bit short of 'premium.'
0.6 ... a lightning-paced, hyper-adrenalized entertainment.
0.4 There is also a romance and scenes of what may or may not be human trafficking but unless the action is happening on the back of a Schwinn it pretty much is only hinted at on screen.
0.4 Even though we see more of New York at street level than you'd ever expect in one thriller, this film is hit by one puncture after another.
0.8 This is about the bike, the road and the compulsion to go, go, go.
0.6 The film is one snappy, fast-paced chase through the streets of Manhattan. Never mind the logic, feel the breeze.
0.6 A least one reviewer cycled home from the screening in a state of uncharacteristic nervousness.
0.6 The chases are well done and Gordon-Levitt is a solid lead but the film gives him little to do other than ride.
0.4 A VHS classic from another age, but times have changed.
0.6 Simple but fun.
0.4 Fast, furious and infuriating.
0.5 For all its attempts at originality, Premium Rush is, at its heart, generic
0.4 A few twiddly Google Maps inserts aside, David Koepp's film is low on kinetic energy.
0.6 Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that makes up for its plot deficiencies with sheer adrenaline and a pair of superb performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon.
0.6 We just laugh at every ridiculous twist and turn. But it's shot with real energy, putting us right on bicycles speeding dangerously through the New York traffic
0.8 A blast.
0.8 A satisfying piece of head-rush cinema that should leave viewers feeling exhilarated.
0.6 A movie that while thin and silly, moves with such joyous speed that you almost want to throw your arms in the air and scream.
0.75 Michael Shannon gives his run-of-the-mill dialogue an unusually campy kick and singlehandedly keeps Premium Rush entertaining when it could have been routine.
0.625 The better-than-average feel is perpetuated by Gordon-Levitt's remarkably (yet expectedly) charismatic performance...
0.6 JGL's enjoyment in his job adds welcome levels of Levitt-y.
0.625 Wafer-thin characters aside, Premium Rush delivers thanks to Michael Shannon's unhinged villain.
0.625 Rush Peddles to Satisfying Thrills
0.6 It is pretty exciting to see the race scenes happen through a camera on a bike speeding through the streets of New York. Plus Shannon gives a distinct portrayal of a bad guy.
0.375 Someone should have heeded the "brakes are death" creed of Gordon-Levitt's messenger and slammed them on while this was still a script.
0.75 ... the kamikaze cyclist's wet dream and the best action movie of the summer, a fun fusion of humor, suspense and pure adrenaline ... Hitchcock meets 'Breaking Away,' anyone?
0.522 Initially diverting and thrilling, but with diminishing returns. It's excessively inane and cartoonish. Not enough pleasure to call it a guilty pleasure.
0.7 Premium Rush isn't mindless mayhem, a thriller for teenage boys bursting with hormonal bloodlust. Koepp's film has a brain...
0.6 New York bicycle couriers lead such dangerous lives that it seems it would be possible to make a thrilling movie about them without having conventional villains or plots.
0.75 The movie speeds along crisply, providing just enough exposition to lend a few pounds of emotional weight without bogging down the breakneck pace.
0.75 It moves like a bullet, has some effective chase sequences, and gives you Michael Shannon as one of the year's most memorable bad guys.
0.6 Pure cinema.
0.8 It's the kinetic energy Koepp injects into the premise that overshadows the predictable plotting and pushes your pulse into the danger zone.
0.5 It never gels and one of the biggest problems is the lack of a consistent tone.
0.6 the powers that be perfectly understand that they are making an evening's diversion, not an artistic statement, which in itself may be a perfectly valid artistic statement
0.875 Gordon-Levitt, fresh off his pivotal role in "The Dark Knight Rises," is an engaging leading man - tough and plucky, but also charming and accessible.
0.7 There is virtually nothing original about the premise of Premium Rush, but its execution is immensely entertaining.
1.0 A Tour de Gridlock unfolding at a breakneck pace that doesn't give you a chance to pause to consider whether what you're watching is even credible.
0.4 Shannon should have made Roscoe P. Coltrane noises the whole time.
0.6 A silly, race-against-time thriller, filled with impressive chase scenes and stunt work on a bike without brakes.
0.875 A movie built around a bicycle messenger is a risky venture -- as an adrenaline-pumper, it sounds about as promising as Driving Miss Daisy -- but writer-director David Koepp invests in our need for speed right from the first frame.
0.4 What we're left with are bicycles scooting around Manhattan and some mildly diverting stunt work...
0.875 Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon face off in a 90-minute chase layered with flashbacks that cleverly fill in the details with Pulp Fiction-esque precision.
0.4 While Michael Shannon's performance is hilarious for every reason it shouldn't be, Joseph Gordon-Levitt disappoints for one of the first (and hopefully last) moments of his career. "Premium Rush" just feels sloppy and unsatisfying.
0.625 While the premise is a bit idiotic, and at a brisk 90 minutes, 'Premium Rush' delivers the best ride due to Gordon-Levitt and Shannon's hilarious and appealing performances.
0.875 The simple, utterly satisfying Premium Rush delivers just what the title promises.
0.75 In many ways a live-action Road Runner cartoon... The other influence is Howard Hawks, in particular 'Only Angels Have Wings'...
0.5 ...lacking characters to care about and with only the whisper of a story, 91 minutes of people riding bicycles at high speed through traffic-laden New York City isn't enough.
0.7 The 'premium' of Koepp's film is the frenetic pace while the 'rush' stems largely from ignoring the transpiring events and savouring the ride.
0.8 Sometimes, what makes a movie a good one is not the story so much as how that story is told.
0.6 (I)n the capable hands of David Koepp, we see how a simple premise can be parlayed into entertaining, escapist late Summer fun.
0.5 A near-miss. Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and especially Michael Shannon give it their all, but they can't overcome the patch-work script.
0.5 Rarely delivers on its title's promise of high-class excitement.
0.6 Overall it will make a fun evening out, but don't expect greatness out of this race to the finish.
0.8 Premium Rush looks and feels like a lightweight movie, because it is. But it's an unusually well-made one.
0.6 Premium Rush is little more than a 90-minute chase scene, but it's an often exhilarating ride thanks to adrenalin-triggering visuals.
0.5 Undeniably, the word "action" does apply, but only as it falls between "class" and "suit."
0.625 "Premium Rush" is both the title of this movie and its clever if less than subtle promise to summer audiences -- which it mostly delivers ...
0.25 This is supposed to be a life-and-death chase movie, not two friends messing around.
0.625 Breezy and entertaining, if imperfect ...
0.375 If it didn't star the universally beloved Gordon-Levitt, "Premium Rush" would quietly fall in the category of late-summer time killer for teenagers.
0.375 Premium Rush is like Kim Kardashian, it looks pretty, but you wouldn't want to marry it.
0.625 Premium Rush simply cannot recover from the pace-deflating expository flashbacks.
0.625 The cinematic equivalent of a theme park ride&#151;fun in the moment, inconsequential in the long run, and over in a blink.
0.75 Sit back and enjoy it as a summer jolt of pure adrenaline.
0.75 Like the lithe and maligned carriers weaving their way through Big Apple traffic, "Premium Rush" is a thin, brash, sinewy thing built entirely for speed.
0.3 The script is terrible and the greatMichael Shannon is forced to sound like a 1930's gangster: "Hey what's the big idea!" and he's so over the top and it sucks you out of it.
0.45 This will take you over when you're watching it, there's some cool tricks that suck you in, but after you start thinking about it, you realize that it's nowhere near as good as you thought it was while you were watching it.
0.75 The contrived tale is filled with plot holes, but the story takes a back seat to the chase-filled, daredevil action.
0.75 A surprising jolt to the system, driven by a great villainous turn by Michael Shannon.
0.8 [It] actually doesn't sound like it would work at all as a tightly wound slice of street action, but it does, and in radically fresh ways.
0.75 A chase is an inherently exciting event that movies can capture better than any other medium. David Koepp's Premium Rush is an exhilarating chase.
0.7 Premium Rush quickly kicks off its extended action set piece and never lets up.
0.75 A refreshingly simple stunt-packed, low-budget action movie.
0.625 Premium Rush can't decide if it's a serious, ticking-clock thriller or an antic, stunt-driven cartoon.
0.8 Cruising the streets of Manhattan, clocking in at a tight 90 minutes and set on a bike without brakes, this loose-limbed action-drama is a swift, sweaty ode to the city's subcultures and a punky descendant of '70s B-movies.
0.5 "Premium Rush" has a lot of energy - too much, it's kind of exhausting. It also has a lot of trickiness.
0.8 Stuffed with zingers and zippy stunts, it comes with pretty young things of all hues and hair types - few prettier than its lead, Joseph Gordon-Levitt - and start-to-finish clever special effects, none more clever or special than Michael Shannon.
0.625 The story appears formulaic at first but gets increasingly twisty as the movie progresses - though not always in a good way.
0.25 The plot is as layered and complex as a TV ad for detergent.
0.875 The skeleton of "Premium Rush" is as old as the movies: a chase. It's how the skeleton is fleshed out that makes the movie such loopy, crazed, dangerous fun.
0.5 For those who found "Speed" too thoughtful, there's "Premium Rush," the new king of brainless chase flicks (at least until Razor scooters finances its first feature film).
0.75 Think of it as a motocross event blended with "Bullitt."
0.5 It continually spins its wheels or even goes in reverse, backtracking to previous points to load new information.
0.625 Hollywood has been trying to pull off the bike messenger as action hero since 1986's Quicksilver with Kevin Bacon. You have to hand it to Premium Rush, which has the kinetic whoosh to keep you spinning.
0.6 This is empty-calorie stuff, but sometimes empty calories are the most enjoyable calories -- and Premium Rush, like Gordon-Levitt's bike-messenger character, delivers.
0.6 High-octane action sustains thin plot in teen-friendly film.
0.75 A snappy, fast-paced thriller that provides a genuine rush to close out the summer. Even if you prefer four wheels over two, you're in for a pulse-pounding time.
0.75 The nonstop action and physicality is like watching a two-wheel parkour workout video.
0.4 The action is neither cathartic nor supremely exhilarating. Bullitt on a bike this film is not.
0.95 An action lover's wet dream, with enough character and self-aware intelligence to forgive the rampant silliness at play.
0.6 Add neon and spandex and you might think of 'Tron'
0.75 Silly stuff, but for an end-of-summer matinee you could do a whole lot worse - and, by this point of the summer, probably have.
0.8 Like a bike wheel, the film reflects an ever-spinning cycle of scenes that race forward and then, just as quickly, pedal back in time. A riveting action, um, spiller, with Shannon as a bad cop who couldn't be better.
0.75 It's Shannon who doesn't just steal the film, he towers over it.
0.65 Premium Rush is a half-entertaining, half-exasperating movie - one that sells you on the notion of New York bike messengers as great fodder for cinema but then doesn't know how to build a feature around them.
0.875 "Premium Rush" is great fun - nimble, quick, the thinking person's mindless entertainment.
0.75 Rarely has a movie been so well served by its superficiality; Premium Rush proves how invigorating genre filmmaking can be in the hands of a savvy, perpetually inventive director.
0.65 Entertaining enough but some of its inherent silliness might guarantee its place as a cult hit that finds more fans once it hits cable.
0.75 Could have cast Bow Wow and Ray Liotta and delivered its package, generically and according to protocol. Thankfully, this snappy little action flick prefers to zig and zag.
0.875 I'm very weary of routine chase movies. There's nothing routine about "Premium Rush."
0.15 Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
0.2 Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
0.7 It may not be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day be remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
0.6 This isn't a perfect movie, and it's not as strong as the original. However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
0.375 Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene. If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine. I know. But trust me. Or don't.
0.6 The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987. It's still not that great, but it sure is entertaining.
0.4 It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
0.4 It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
0.4 The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
0.5 Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID. The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help. A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
0.3 The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
0.35 CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
0.8 A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
1.0 Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
1.0 Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
1.0 Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
0.8 The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
0.9 The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
0.8 ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
1.0 It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
1.0 Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
1.0 The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
0.875 It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
0.8 Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
0.9 It's FANTASTIC!
1.0 A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
0.8 Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
0.4 Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
1.0 Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
1.0 like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
0.8 Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
1.0 Quite simply, it blew me away.
0.875 The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
1.0 Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
0.8 You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
1.0 You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
0.875 "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
0.9 The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
1.0 This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
1.0 El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
1.0 It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
1.0 A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
1.0 High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
1.0 What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
0.8 An epic work of accomplished skill and grace.
0.85 This is an exciting, mystical, romantic surprise of a film that really puts the 'art' in 'martial arts.'
0.8 It's pure Indiana Jones fun with an unexpected sense of consequence.
1.0 It's The Matrix spliced with David Lean
1.0 A ravishing fairy tale/epic, and the best movie of the year.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a beautifully photographed melodrama punctuated by dazzling martial arts sequences, then get ready for some big fun.
1.0 One of those wonders of imagination and craft that confirm your wildest dreams about the magic of movies.
1.0 A film of sublime beauty, poetic mystery and rousing spirit.
0.9 The screenplay delivers with several story lines intermingled, all evoking the full spectrum of human emotion.
0.9 A good story, attractive and likable stars, and great action do make this one of the season's best entertainment values.
0.9 A feast for the eyes and ears that rarely slows down.
1.0 The class act of action movies.
1.0 The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen.
0.9 Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking.
0.9 With its gift for showing things that can't be described, Crouching Tiger's blend of the magical, the mythical and the romantic fills a need in us we might not even realize we had.
0.9 Once we get a taste of that action, we want buckets of it.
0.6 As soon as the action stops, the actors start to slowly, painfully slowly, drone on with some of the most lifeless dialog of the year.
0.7 Awesome, awesome battles, beautifully shot and an okay story.
0.9 A magnificently-crafted hybrid of Chinese historical epic, F/X-enhanced martial arts spectacular, mystical romantic tragedy and live-action anime.
1.0 Packed with some of the best martial arts yet filmed.
1.0 Calling Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon a religious experience may be overstating the case a bit, but Ang Lee's rhapsodically romantic martial arts enthraller certainly redeems a slew of sins in this lackluster movie year.
1.0 You have never seen a movie like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon because there has never been a movie like it.
1.0 The film satisfies on both visceral and emotional levels.
1.0 Masterpiece.
0.75 Whenever Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon resorts to flying fists or soaring sword battles, the Force is definitely with it.
0.9 The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity.
0.875 The film never ceases to dazzle our eyes and arrest our attention.
0.9 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will make you fall in love with film all over again.
0.8 If you can't find something in this movie to set your heart aflutter, call the doctor.
0.9 Splashes across the big screen like no other martial arts movie you've ever seen.
0.9 A film that takes you on a bareback horse-ride waltz through beauty.
1.0 Success is destined for this movie because it has a mix of romance, fantasy, and action that will appeal to all audiences regardless of age, sex, or whether they watch many subtitled films.
1.0 Within age-old contrivances emerge deeply affecting characters. Poetry.
1.0 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon kicks all living ass.
1.0 Think back and try to recall the last time you saw a hero on the screen who stepped aside to serve others by making himself a zero.
0.8 Banish all thoughts of Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh as shoot 'em up action heroes.
1.0 Crouching Matrix, Hidden Kill Bill... The best movie I've seen this year.
0.6 Wes Ball does a good job of establishing his world and making the maze an imposing place to spend time.
0.4 Rent the first one again.
0.375 It is not easy to get a movie made, and even harder to make one for young audiences. If you're going to the effort, why not make a smart one?
0.5 The action throughout Running Scared is involving and fast-paced enough that you don't notice the number of cliches being invoked in this film.
0.75 A well-acted piece that should appeal to anyone who enjoys the films of Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 An example of a film I recommend just because it tickled my undercarriage.
0.6 A montagem eficiente, com transicoes intrigantes, confere ritmo ao filme, que tambem se beneficia com a atuacao surpreendentemente intensa de Walker. Pena que o roteiro seja tao implausivel e o final, tao absurdamente ridiculo.
0.6 Stylish, rollicking post-Tarantino trash which does the business at such a pace you barely notice its preposterousness.
0.5 Ultimately, it is a serviceable, well-made thriller that earns its R rating.
0.0 This is a vile, violent film with no raison d'etre.
0.4 No one in their right minds could call this a good film, but it's certainly unique.
0.7 If you love over-stylized gunshots and action sequences, Running Scared is likely to be one big ol' kinetic romp of bloody fun that'll have you pulling out the Kleenex and appreciating all over the place.
0.2 We haven't even mentioned the hockey puck torture scene, or the relentless ricochetting camerawork, or the multiple last minute switcheroos -- it's got more endings than Lord Of The Rings.
0.4 If you've ever wanted to see Paul Walker get repeatedly smashed in the teeth with a hockey puck then this is the movie for you.
0.2 The film's moral compass swings wildly out of control, blanketed in all manner of hyper-violent digital gore effects and a thick, black nausea of the soul. It's not even fun watching the monsters get their just deserts; it's just depressing.
0.6 Where Running Scared is concerned I'm a victim who has decided, maybe unwisely, not to press charges.
0.5 Trying for a Tarantino-like riff on ultra-violence and over-the-top police corruption ... 'Running Scared' is a film noir on steroids.
0.375 The movie doesn't so much wallow in the abhorrent side of humanity as it showers, bathes, and dresses in it before heading off to work at MTV.
0.0 Run away ... Just when you think Hollywood can't get any worse in an era of Bad Boys and Scream, it constantly surprises you with even more putrid product.
0.4 Clumsily overwritten, straining badly to be a complex thriller but only generating small moments of believability.
0.8 Wildly stylized and endlessly inventive, Running Scared doesn't go over the top -- it blows the top off and proceeds to dance in the rubble.
0.375 If Running Scared is supposed to be a satire, it's not funny enough to work. If it's meant to be taken seriously, then it's the most unintentionally funny movie of the past ten years.
0.8 Not since 'Very Bad Things' have I had this much fun with this kind of movie
0.5 Running Scared is filled with plenty of blood-splattering violence, profanity, sexual perversions, and whatever other deviant behavior you can think of. What it doesn't have is any cohesiveness or finesse.
0.7 Running Scared doesn't always work. All the same, it keeps up a nice pacing and throws in enough clever twists to keep the story interesting.
0.875 The action movie is the cheese sandwich of film genres, but efforts like 'Running Scared' remind us all too rarely that they don't have to be Kraft Singles on Wonder Bread.
0.75 Hello, cheesy fun! [It's] a roller coaster of a thrill ride.
0.6 This film is so over the top at times that it takes one's breath away.
0.3 Running Scared keeps ratcheting up the intensity, but to what end?
0.5 Ethnic stereotyping, moral qualms and plot improbabilities aside, you just wish a movie like Running Scared wasn't so anxious to be exciting all the time: It gets so monotonous.
0.4 The only things more abundant than gunshot-riddled corpses are the ridiculous plot twists and the laughably bad lines of dialog...it's likely to be the most fun at a bad movie you'll have for a while.
0.25 There's clearly supposed to be tension between Joey's good and bad sides. Sure, he's a mobster, but he's also a family man, which makes him... gray. (Not black and white = very sophisticated.)
0.4 [Director Wayne] Kramer, who showed such promise as a filmmaker with The Cooler, takes a couple of giant steps backward with Running Scared.
0.375 In the opening minutes of Running Scared, a drug deal goes bad and takes the entire movie with it.
0.75 It's way too violent and perversely excessive for many tastes, but there's more to its outrages than meets the eye, and that second look is well worth taking.
0.25 There is a child at the center of this ultraviolent story, and the devices used to keep us on tenterhooks regarding his survival are appallingly manipulative.
1.0 Running Scared is for people who like movies, who don't need to have a movie mean something in order to enjoy it and who can delight at the sheer craft of a story designed only to shock, amuse and hold an audience.
0.625 For a moment, it appears as if Running Scared has developed into a different, better movie. But subsequent gratuitously violent scenes hint at a determination by Kramer to keep his film at low-grade exploitation level.
0.5 It's hard to believe that this mess was made by the same man who made The Cooler.
0.6 It's borderline irresponsible, a virtual horror movie of a gangster thriller.
0.375 Kramer seems to be aping Quentin Tarantino's brilliant tangents in Pulp Fiction, but he doesn't have Tarantino's imagination or gift for dialogue.
0.375 This overlong fantasy of urban violence is so far over the top -- you might as well be watching a computer monitor while somebody else has a high time playing the video game Grand Theft Auto.
0.75 Running Scared is a vicious and brutal B-movie jacked up to hysterical, hallucinatory proportions -- a pulpy, violent action picture that torments the viewer as much as its characters, and I mean that as a compliment.
0.0 With a herky-jerky visual style and a plot riddled with bullet holes, Running Scared is a brutal, misanthropic and downright nasty excuse for bang-bang entertainment.
0.3 As the movie becomes more howlingly ludicrous by the second, it's tempting -- and not in a cynical way, either -- to start reading it as a parody of pornographic video game violence.
0.0 Kramer's grating bombast exists only to call attention to itself as well as the complete absence of any moral implications or recognizable human behavior in the film.
0.7 The script is so stupid that at times you'll want to roll your eyes in the dark; you won't, though, because you might miss some of the action.
0.375 But even beyond its sleazy pandering and sensationalism, the film's worst transgression is its exploitation of young children.
0.0 ...an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment.
0.25 You could laugh off the film's more over-the-top aspects -- including the performances and its quasi-Quentin Tarantino dialogue -- if it didn't treat women and children with such brutality and contempt.
0.25 Running Scared is about as hard an "R" rating as you can get, with buckets of blood, full- frontal nudity and swearing that would peel gum from the sidewalk.
0.625 Running Scared will be reviled by those who deplore violence and adored by those who like their movies brutally edgy.
0.0 Running Scared will probably play best in prisons, where lowlifes, applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood, will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level.
0.25 A depressing piece of gun-crazy Hollywood scuzz that, with its gassy style and runaway immorality, makes a Tony Scott movie look like a Robert Bresson picture.
0.375 Too bloated with its own seriousness to achieve the 'so sick, it's funny' vibe of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.
0.55 Includes scenes that are laughable [gunfight in a 10x10 room] and one that features Vera Farmiga that will go down in history as a classic/fan favorite.
0.75 For a picture so fetishistically obsessed with death, Running Scared is vibrantly alive.
0.5 Impossible to adequately summarize, alienating at every tonal turn, off the rails with every storytelling and aesthetic choice, Running Scared is ambitious to a fault.
0.7 Running Scared is an overly ambitious guilty pleasure with enough action and violence to keep you interested, it just doesn't have much else.
0.375 This is a movie with yards and yards of plot, but none of it that makes much sense nor that you'll think about afterwards. Instead what you'll remember is the blood.
0.88 Running Scared doesn't go over the top - it refuses to even acknowledge that there is a top.. it's like if Tarantino directed The Warriors
0.375 Tthe gimmicks can't hold up a weak, implausible plot that substitutes violence and gore for a smart story and believable characters.
0.7 I see Running Scared as a slick, sick, and sly satire of all the action flick conventions, but maybe I'm just nuts.
0.625 I can't believe I am saying this, but Paul Walker doesn't stink in Running Scared. In fact, Running Scared is a decent guys night out movie.
0.0 A vile disaster.
0.625 Kramer stokes kinetic energy and hard-R intensity...may amount to no more than a punch to the gut, but...it's all in bad fun.
0.5 Could have been a good exploitation flick if it didn't get carried away with piling on the plot twists.
0.6 genuinely clunky
0.375 A potential howler done in by a tendency to wear too much body tissue on its sleeve.
0.5 In the gleefully violent Running Scared, the writer and director Wayne Kramer tries to go over the rainbow and put a self-consciously bloody spin on once upon a time.
0.75 With a complex plot that unspools with surprising clarity, Running Scared displays a reckless intensity.
0.75 Running Scared goes so far over the top, it circumnavigates the top and doubles back on itself; it's the Mobius Strip of over-the-topness. I am in awe.
0.75 If Running Scared sometimes looks like a storyboard sprung violently to life, Kramer's assured direction turns that into its greatest strength in the clinches, of which there are plenty.
0.5 It's like a gruesome merry-go-round filled with unpleasant characters and bad acting.
0.75 Luciano Pavarotti's eyebrows during the Olympic opening ceremonies were disturbing. Multiply that by about 1,000, and you have the creep-out factor in the gory Running Scared.
0.5 If it's possible to admire his movie's heedless energy, it's also possible to hate its guts.
0.25 This is the kind of movie where character development consists of a guy mentioning in passing he has a meth lab in his back yard.
0.5 If Running Scared were set in Hell (the actual place, rather than a figure of speech), perhaps it would have been easier to swallow.
0.75 A spinning-plates movie that only makes a shattered-glass mess in its finale with one twist for each character left standing. Otherwise, this empty-calorie eye-candy cartoon is an ultraviolent, boot-on-throat thiller with style and humor.
0.25 The aesthetically derivative Kramer takes a misguided turn into Tony Scott territory with his latest.
0.625 A kinetic guilty pleasure.
0.3 comes with all the silliness and sugar-coated pop fanaticism that is found in Rodriguez's lesser kids films
0.2 No matter how many dimensions you slap on the poster, there's no accounting for lazy workmanship. Can Robert Rodriguez please make Sin City 2 now?
0.75 Clever and strange, 'Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D' is a psychedelic action movie that will boggle and entertain the minds of adults and kids alike. If you like wordplay, you will like it all the more for the witty dialogue.
0.625 Rodriguez reboots his eight-years-dormant franchise, with surprisingly entertaining and loosey-goosey results
0.25 A concatenation of scatological humor likely to keep only tiny tykes in stitches and howling away at a poop and fart jokes.
0.4 ...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull.
0.2 Don't take your kids to see this. I never thought I would say this, but take them to see The Smurfs instead. It's a smurfload better than this pile of smurf.
0.4 Now then, what of the movie? Well, it stands a better chance of getting up your nose than crummy old AromaScope, that's for sure.
0.6 ... a shiny, complicated toy that's silly and doesn't really do anything, but is fun to play with.
0.375 The presence of Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino is sorely missed. Then again, more power to them for staying away from a movie that would smell in any dimension.
0.6 In Spy Kids 4, women are warriors and men freely cry about their fathers, and it's this inversion that made me love the movie a little bit extra.
0.2 A 3D film aimed mostly at children.
0.4 Kids will be mildly amused by it.
0.2 The mind boggles before being lulled into a stupor of inanition by this latest instalment of Robert Rodriguez's increasingly cheap-looking franchise.
0.4 Rodriguez directs the movie with his trademark kineticism, but a flimsy and uninventive script means there's little investment in the characters or their actions.
0.375 A daft plot seemingly jacked from the most brainless of Saturday morning cartoons.
0.2 Rodriguez's family franchise about underage secret agents limps into its fourth installment with shiny CGI and frequent fart jokes to hold the attention spans of the underage and undemanding.
0.4 Kids might enjoy the cheesy jokes, the shiny gadgets and the pooping dog but for adults it is snooze time all the way.
0.375 Rodriguez's various family-geared movies - notably the "Spy Kids'' series - have been annoying creative clunkers, the one area where doing things his way has seemed like an iffy way.
0.2 An endless series of scatological jokes saps the charm out of nearly every scene, and there's little effort to create an interesting mystery at the movie's center.
0.625 A pleasant time-waster kids will love with a pro-family togetherness message parents can appreciate...
0.5 This fourth "Spy Kids" picture isn't so much bad as it is just boring, lacking the buzz and brio of even some of the earlier entries in the series.
0.5 The rhythm is off, a predicament Rodriguez addresses with copious - nearly constant - excrement and evacuation humor, and sudden turns into wide-eyed sincerity.
0.2 Feels more like straight-to-DVD filler than a chapter in one of the last decade's most entertaining and sophisticated family-film franchises.
0.4 Feels more like a cheap kids' TV series than an actual movie.
0.6 Watchable, gadget-happy children's adventure that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction, some decent gags and Jessica Alba in a leather catsuit...
0.625 So plain-faced and literal-minded in its juvenile pandering that it's hard to dismiss it as a mere cash-in.
0.2 Positive messages can't save worst film in action series.
0.375 Rodriguez only needs the script to take us from one gimmick to the next, and his lack of attention to it shows.
0.2 a miserable excuse for underling entertainment
0.5 It simply entertains at a basic level without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Far more coherent than its immediate predecessor, Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D benefits greatly from its two likable young leads and some of the series' wittiest, pun-filled writing.
0.4 Robert Rodriquez delivers another irritating Spy Kids movie, Spy Kids: All The Time In The World in 4D, with the redundant gimmick of scratch and sniff cards, designed to reveal on-screen aromas. Well, I didn't smell turkey. In fact, I smelt nothing.
0.4 Rodriguez' first film was the celebrated low-budget El Mariachi. This one, a chaotic mess from start to finish, must be something like his nadir.
0.625 Let's make things clear right now: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World is juvenile, rough around the edges, and frequently clumsy. And yet...and yet...the film is so likably innocuous and unsuspectingly wise that it works better than it should.
0.4 A kids' flick that's big on eye candy but which has a plot even youngsters will find wearingly familiar.
0.2 Sadly it's all fart jokes and smart-alec preteens - the stuff that can make taking kids to the pictures a chore.
0.2 Robert Rodriguez's children's films are becoming terrific reasons to get sterilised.
0.2 Spy Kids - All the Time in the World is in four dimensions - the extra one being smell - and I hated the lot.
0.4 This is a shoddy affair with anodyne first-timers Blanchard and Cook almost as annoying as Ricky Gervais's phoned-in voiceover of an animatronic terrier with a poop obsession.
0.4 A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever.
0.2 Only Madsen walks away from Break with his reputation unscathed, and this is if only because he's already something of a B-movie kingpin.
0.4 Break contains all the elements you'd expect from a hard-boiled Quentin Tarantino knockoff: the complicated hit men, the fetishes, the blood baths, not to mention the presence of Michael Madsen and David Carradine.
0.6 How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
0.6 a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
0.75 A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
0.625 Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
0.8 It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
0.2 The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
0.8 The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
0.6 Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
0.8 It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
0.6 It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
0.4 Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
0.6 Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
0.6 Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
0.6 An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
0.2 Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
0.6 The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
0.4 It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
0.4 Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
0.6 It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
0.8 Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
0.6 As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
0.8 Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
0.4 Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
0.7 Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic.
0.6 British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
0.375 Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
0.5 "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
0.6 As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
0.5 The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
0.4 Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
0.7 The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
0.75 This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
0.6 A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
0.0 If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
0.4 There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
0.2 Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
0.625 "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
0.4 The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
0.6 A strange and fascinating and often thrilling movie artefact.
0.2 Yeah...this was a mistake.
0.5 Mostly handsome, it sounds terrific, and when it wants to be exhilarating, it knows how to be; but the story is an epic disaster of bloat and confusion.
1.0 A film that is at once divinely silly, surprisingly deep and deceptively complex.
0.7 A fresh look at the Lone Ranger legend with Johnny Depp outstanding as Tonto.
0.5 There's a solid story in here somewhere, but sadly it's suffocated under layers and layers of overindulgence.
0.6 If you can embrace the easy-going spectacle of it all and its general respect for the Lone Ranger legacy, you'll probably enjoy it.
0.25 Your expectations of how bad The Lone Ranger is can't trump the reality.
0.5 Too long, too weird and too darn tootin' unfunny.
0.375 The good bits are like the seeds that end up on the bottom of bird cages, tasty tidbits momentarily visible before getting covered in crap.
0.6 I laughed, I had fun, but there is something annoyingly non-committal about the direction and tone. And why not just call it "Tonto" and be done with it? Who are we kidding?
0.625 Yes, there's a cloud of dust. Yes, there's a hearty 'Hi-yo, Silver!' And yes, there's a marvelous chase scene to the 'William Tell Overture.' But it takes a long, long time before 'The Lone Ranger' transitions into the iconic masked lawman.
0.4 A complete tonal disaster and one of the goofiest attempts at trying to execute a western with an action/adventure aesthetic
0.75 Despite the padding, "The Lone Ranger" moves extremely well, capturing many of the qualities that made "Pirates of the Caribbean" so much fun.
0.25 Overblown, stupid, loud, unfunny, and completely maddening in its undisguised assumption that you'll swallow this nonsense whole.
0.625 Bloated and uneven attempt to revive a long dead franchise.
0.625 It's ultimately clear that the only thing standing in the way of The Lone Ranger's unqualified success is its severe overlength...
0.375 What would Jay Silverheels say? Tonto laugh at bad movie, cannot fix with editing, much money wasted.
0.2 There may be a way to mix the monumental tragedy of the Native American genocide with a screwball comedy about a well-meaning chucklehead and his mystically addled Comanche sidekick, but Gore Verbinski has not found it
0.8 Johnny doesn't take his Jack Sparrow shtick to new Depp-ths.
0.1 Between this and The Green Hornet, the Reid Family has been royally screwed by Hollywood.
0.5 He will not ride again.
0.6 The film ends with a bang, which makes up for a lot of the dragging that happens in the middle. It runs a bit long, but I did enjoy watching a good chunk of it.
0.4 Clearly they are trying to turn Tonto into another Captain Jack Sparrow, but it doesn't work.
0.7 Most of us know the short and sweet Clayton Moore/Jay Silverheels TV version, but Gore Verbinski -- as he proved in Pirates of the Caribbean -- can't do anything quickly.
0.3 At one point in the movie, the Lone Ranger is dragged through manure, which begs for comment. But it's self-explanatory.
0.375 I'm all for senseless violence in movies, but there is so much death and destruction going on here, you start to wish something nice would happen for once.
0.4 Certain audience members will enjoy this Lone Ranger but it's style over substance that fails to elevate the series in any meaningful (or particularly exciting) way.
0.875 It's as obsessive and overbearing as Steven Spielberg's "1941"-and, I'll bet, as likely to be re-evaluated twenty years from now, and described as "misunderstood."
0.4 Unfortunately, the director's only good decision in this bloated action movie is his choice of when to use the William Tell Overture on the soundtrack.
0.5 When it comes to mining boys' adventure stories, defaming pirates may be fair game, but stories about western justice and native Americans? Not so much.
0.4 The Lone Ranger stokes the legend but its smoke signals only add to the haze.
0.4 At one time, the Lone Ranger's appeal was simple, but this movie seems to be doing everything possible to obscure it.
0.5 [Verbinski] crams as much big-budget exhilaration into his movie as its origin story will permit, creating a film less about its namesake as it is large-scale action sequences, explosions, and CGI stunts.
0.5 Who, exactly, was this bipolar oater made for?
0.4 Occasionally entertaining but overlong and overly violent.
0.5 "'The Lone Ranger' takes forever to get to its final destination"
0.625 The tone varies wildly but there's still some fun to be had and the movie's massive budget shows up on the screen.
0.75 Prompts 'The Cosplay Kid' of the Comic-Con era of cinema to swallow the sins of our forefathers and the ones we countenance today.
0.375 There's something jarringly misanthropic about screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott, and Terry Rossio's rendition of the iconic hero...
0.4 This slapdash effort just doesn't cut it, which makes me wonder if the Ranger wouldn't have been better off remaining in those thrilling days of yesteryear.
0.55 I give RANGER a maginal "Fix" rating. I kind of liked it, especially that thrilling opening sequence that cannot be matched by the spaghetti Western comedy that follows.
0.5 Director Gore Verbinski has adopted the more-is-better approach he used in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, crowding the movie with so many extraneous characters and subplots that the film becomes an endurance test.
0.75 A wild, wacky, wide-screen reimagining of the vintage radio serial and TV series, the film - with Armie Hammer in the hat and mask, galloping across Texas righting wrongs, and Depp as his trusty Indian sidekick, Tonto - is an epic good time.
0.375 I mean, no wonder Depp's in disguise. No wonder Hammer wears a mask. Wouldn't you?
0.3 The real problem with the new "Lone Ranger" is that, for those who are familiar with the multibillion-dollar "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, there is little fresh or exciting about what we have here.
0.5 Depp's performance isn't nearly endearing enough to make the onslaught of vulgar flapdoodle tolerable.
0.4 Shot mostly across scenic landscapes in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, including Monument Valley, [it acts] as a visual tribute to some of the great Westerns of history shot by the likes of John Ford. This Lone Ranger won't be joining their ranks.
0.6 It's a touch bloated, but it just might be the most enjoyable Pirates of the Caribbean movie since the first one. (Yes, I said Pirates of the Caribbean.)
0.6 Somewhere in there is an entertaining film, but The Lone ranger stretches your patience mightily.
0.25 For the vast majority of the movie, they view each other with skepticism and suspicion. ... No warmth, no esteem exists between them. Even at the end, when they ride off together ... Tonto gets in one last dig at his masked companion.
0.5 If "The Lone Ranger" weighs itself down again and again, at least it finally delivers during a stunning third-act set-piece that at long last incorporates all of the elements that should have been readily up on the screen throughout.
0.75 There's an "everything and the kitchen sink" overkill in the story. ... Verbinski manages to keep it all reined in, barely.
0.2 James Badge Dale at least makes the most of his little screen time; couldn't we have had him be the lone ranger?
0.25 Cursed with useless dialogue, non-existent chemistry and (the worst sin of all) a boring story, "The Lone Ranger" proves that not even the Independence Day spirit horse always backs the right man.
0.8 What can I say? I love a good, old-fashioned Western, and this one delivers.
0.5 Disney's big screen adaptation of the classic radio serial is like the Pirates movies in many ways, and unfortunately, that includes the bad along with the good.
0.65 Veering between gruesome villains and silly humor, the film never quite figures out what works and when enough's enough.
0.75 ... not so bad a companion piece to the better-and-better Rango as initially feared.
0.45 Tone deaf, it's as if Verbinski's prior film, 2011's marvelous Rango, got lost amid the Trail of Tears in a buddy comedy served up with a side of Hannibal Lecter.
0.8 I love this western, in part for its bravado, its excesses and its insanity. Even for its absurd 149-minute running time.
0.5 Not a disaster, but it has the feel of a production victimized by overthinking, tinkered with in an attempt to maximize its appeal to every possible audience.
0.8 With terrific acting, abundant directorial splash, and a healthy dose of anticipation anarchy, The Lone Ranger looks destined to succeed. If it does fail, it will be a spectacular disaster.
0.25 Despite its impressively staged set pieces, The Lone Ranger can't survive the epic train wreck resulting from its own tonal clashes, wherein mournful scenes of genocide and stolen immigrant labor are tastelessly juxtaposed with silly slapstick humor.
0.5 Except for the dynamite finale, "The Long Ranger" feels like a long, slow ride to the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump.
0.7 It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't.
0.3 In trying to balance grandiosity with playfulness, to lampoon cowboy-and-Indian cliches while taking somber account of a history of violence, greed and exploitation, it descends into nerve-racking incoherence.
0.375 It's a messy, unfocussed tale, even before Verbinski starts trying to create Fast and Furious-style chase scenes with nothing but steam locomotives.
0.625 The Lone Ranger is too often as vast and empty as Utah's Monument Valley. Only the film's wide stretches aren't awe-inspiring so much as much as tiring.
0.75 Those who go to The Lone Ranger because it stars Johnny Depp will come away satisfied by a performance that reminds them of his Pirates of the Caribbean character.
0.25 Instead of a noble savage, Depp gives us a comic savage - Willy Wonka with a dead bird on his head.
0.625 It's not until the last 15 minutes, when "The William Tell Overture" arrives in its full glory, that this starts to feel a little like The Lone Ranger. But that's too little, too late.
0.5 It takes forever to get everybody's backstory, and a pointless framing device set 60 years after the main action weighs down an already bloated screenplay.
0.5 The Lone Ranger has some of the playful silliness of Rango but the Verbinski/Depp collaborations it more closely resembles are the worst Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
0.0 A movie for the whole family to avoid... 2 1/2 of the longest hours on record, a jumbled botch that is so confused in its purpose and so charmless in its effect that it must be seen to be believed, but better yet, no. Don't see it, don't believe it...
0.375 The movie, of course, barrels toward climax upon climax, and while possibly better photographed, the crashes, bangs, and booms are no less numbing than anything else you've seen in this summer of garbage blockbusters.
0.5 Just another long, bloated, would-be epic.
0.4 The Lone Ranger is a $250-million mess, saved from catastrophe only by the opportunity to see another eccentric performance by Johnny Depp.
0.5 As inventive and appealing as Depp remakes his Tonto, he can't compete with producer Jerry Bruckheimer's exhaustive, spectacular action overkill with explosions, bullets, chases and silly stunts that go on until tomorrow.
0.5 The film is a bloated, incoherent would-be epic that stumbles like a horse that stepped in too many plot holes and came up lame.
0.75 The Lone Ranger succeeds on all counts -- perhaps too well. The movie is so imaginative, so brimming with ideas that it can't quite decide what to be.
0.25 How/why/wherefore did it turn out this way? The evidence suggests a combination of hubris, errant revisionism, a misguided and perverse degree of violence, and a script that never worked in the first place.
0.375 A horse of an indifferent color.
0.5 A handsomely photographed but sloppily plotted homage to the classic serial hero that also acts as a cinematic cousin to the Caribbean franchise.
0.3 I strongly suggest tuning in to the last chunk of 'The Lone Ranger' when it appears on basic cable.
0.6 It's 'Pirates of the Caribbean' in the Old West. Any resemblance between the old-time radio/TV Western and this theme-park-ride-ready-to-happen is exactly what Disney had in mind.
0.375 Like watching an elephant tap dance in your living room: Everything gets trampled and the dancing's not very good.
0.4 "The Lone Ranger" is a frustrating exercise in overkill, a kind-of, sort-of interesting idea buried in summer-movie excess.
0.2 Not quite a parody but broader than an homage, The Lone Ranger fights itself at every turn.
0.125 [A] bloated, misshapen mess, a stillborn franchise loaded with metaphors for its feeble attempts to amuse, excite and entertain.
0.5 It's not quite funny enough to be a comedy, nor quite exciting enough to be an action film - until the last 20 minutes or so, when it's a little too late.
0.15 Tries so hard to be every kind of movie at once that it ends up being no kind of movie at all.
0.5 The Lone Ranger may feature excellent direction from Gore Verbinski, but it is a tonally disastrous mess as a whole, and features perhaps the single worst performance of Johnny Depp's career.
0.5 Funny stuff good, violence, preachy historical revisionism bad.
0.4 They worked so hard to make a movie out of The Lone Ranger, responding to the pleas of absolutely no one. Calls for a sequel will be even less thunderous.
0.625 You ride along with inconsistencies because Ranger is building toward a final showdown. When that showdown disappoints, you feel every minute of the film's 2 1/2-hour length.
0.5 It's a 2 1/2-hour slog, with tonal inconsistencies and monotonous, drawn-out action sequences. Scenes alternate between frenetic and tedious.
0.625 In the end, The Lone Ranger is one hot mess -- an entertaining one, to be sure, but still a mess.
0.625 The movie takes a more old-fashioned approach to thrills. It appears to showcase as many stuntmen as it does digital compositors.
0.4 It's all too much and not enough-a succession of disparate, can-you-top-this episodes inelegantly piling up like skidding cars on a freeway.
0.5 The Lone Ranger is a tonally imbalanced Western adventure, but random comedic gems mixed with the perfect dose of Depp make this franchise reawakening a serviceable cinematic escape.
0.5 Perplexes as much as it entertains with a strong left of centre ideology clashing with the conservative roots of its action western genre.
0.8 All is Lost is outstanding and so the collaboration between Redford and writer/director J.C Chandor.
0.875 Frank G. DeMarco and Peter Zuccarini, dual cinematographers, gather gorgeous imagery especially those captured from beneath the ocean's surface.
0.75 A commanding performance by Robert Redford with nary a word spoken. It makes up for the somewhat tedious running time.
1.0 Superb, a brilliantly conceived, first-person masterpiece, totally immersive and compelling from first frame to last. It's easily one of the best survival films ever made, even with Gravity dominating everybody's praise.
1.0 O rosto envelhecido, marcado e expressivo (e ainda belo) de Redford comunica uma infinidade de ideias e sentimentos com o minimo esforco.
0.8 This film makes an excellent case that sometimes less can be so much more.
0.8 A subtle meditation on mind, body and spirit that's imbued with an aching amount of futility and loneliness
0.79 The low tech nature of All is Lost accentuates the primal (physical) nature of this struggle, while the technical prowess of Gravity emphasizes its more metaphysical (and less interesting) nature
0.8 All is Lost makes the familiar strikingly new. The filmmaker and his star hold their nerve, refusing easy outs and making you look - and listen - carefully to a starkly pure piece of cinema.
0.9 It's a rare example of pure cinema, and that, in itself, gives it a stature to which few Hollywood films these days aspire.
0.8 Chandor has produced a minimalist gem.
1.0 'Captain Phillips' wasn't the only see-worthy vessel of 2013.
0.8 We (and he) know he's screwed. The tension comes from establishing just how badly.
0.5 Chandor clearly wanted to make something powerful and engrossing, but due to the simplistic nature of the film, what he ended up with was something dull and forgettable.
0.7 The most remarkable feat in J.C. Chandor's stranded-in-the-sea survival story All Is Lost is star Robert Redford's ability to shave on open water.
0.75 The Old Man IN the Sea!
0.9 (Redford) is quite effective in the film's slower moments, while thoroughly rattled when reacting to the elements.
0.5 So threadbare that there's nothing to grasp onto to care about.
0.8 Gravity's great weakness was the unnecessarily abundant corny dialogue. All Is Lost is makes no such compromises.
0.875 As the film goes on, we see Redford in a new light. A light dimmer and paler and murkier. Once a golden god on screen, there now remains a hobbled everyman.
0.8 Who is this sailor? Where does he come from? Chandor never sees fit to tell us. His hero remains a deliberate stencil, defined solely by the crisis around him and the actions he takes.
1.0 the film generates a wonderful sense of claustrophobia on the open sea. Imagine a movie with the lyrical beauty of a Terrence Malick project crossed with the virtuosity of Tom Hanks in Cast Away.
0.6 Technically, this is a hugely impressive film but it still left me feeling a little underwhelmed.
0.8 [Redford] speaks barely a handful of lines in All Is Lost, but the film still manages to feel like an internal monologue, a conversation between one man and himself.
0.8 The utter solitude is almost vertiginous.
1.0 Chandor's movie gives us the Hemingwayish essentials and then some.
0.6 There's something powerful lurking in the deep.
0.8 Impressively paced and superbly shot, this is a powerful and ultimately terrifying drama with stunning sound design work and an Oscar-worthy performance from Robert Redford.
0.8 At a time when filmmakers are desperately throwing everything at the screen and seeing what sticks, it's refreshing to see a film like All Is Lost come along and turn the more-is-more formula on its head.
0.7 This beautifully-directed drama succeeds to a certain experimental extent but drags on for a bit too long.
0.5 If you are a big Robert Redford fan you should eat this movie up since he is the only person in the movie. The downside, he is the only person in the movie.
0.8 With no 3D, no friends and no hope, Redford and Chandor show how survivalist instincts can stoke thrilling, thoughtful cinema.
0.7 After the award-winning Margin Call, writer-director J.C. Chandor shifts gears completely for this fiercely detailed one-man survival drama.
1.0 [Redford] gives a commanding performance as the nameless protagonist that makes the complete lack of characterisation an irrelevance.
0.6 All Is Lost is very pure film-making, set entirely on the water, without dialogue, just showing us the man's fight to survive from moment to moment.
0.5 the Cliffs Notes version of the deeper, more profound character study that never transpires on-screen
1.0 It's the detail and precision of his storytelling style that makes All Is Lost so engrossing.
0.8 It's not as tense as Gravity, but just as suspenseful, and almost as exhilarating.
0.8 Stylistically it's a serious about-face from director J. C. Chandor, whose excellent debut feature Margin Call was stuffed with actors as Wall Street types talking a mile a minute.
1.0 A triumph of pure cinema and wonderful visual storytelling from Chandor, who must now be considered the real deal, while Redford is sublime in what could well be the performance of his career.
1.0 All is Lost is superior craftsmanship on the part of the filmmaker and his star, making a late-in-life "coming of age" story that transitions into a man's twilight and burns bright.
0.85 All Is Lost boils down the art of filmmaking to the essential parts, making even the slightest decisions evident and powerful.
0.7 As written and directed by young American filmmaker J.C. Chandor, All is Lost is a classic case of man-against-nature.
0.5 Even Redford bailing water for 106 minutes can be a bit much.
1.0 The movie has the feel of a beautifully conceived and elegantly composed short story with a remarkable and consistently surprising degree of emotional resonance.
0.75 if the film maintains our attention, it is simply because we connect with the base desire to survive, which embodied by someone like Robert Redford becomes all the more gripping
0.8 [Redford] barely utters a word and yet manages to give one of the finest performances of his long career.
0.8 a film of action and suspense with no guns and no villains but the sea and an inevitable death.
0.75 The key ingredient to the film's success is Redford's vulnerability. He's trying so desperately to stay alive that he has few moments for reflection, but they register - and all without the aid of dialogue.
0.875 The movie pares its man-vs.-the elements, man-vs.-himself theme to the barest bones, yet it's timely as well as timeless, as Chandor acknowledges the coldness of the corporate as well as natural environment.
0.75 Redford's now leathery exterior is in such contrast to his once striking youthful good looks yet there is still beauty in that well worn face.&#8233;
0.8 A spectacular, galvanizing display of how this one-time Hollywood "golden boy," now 77, can still commandeer the screen.
0.8 Even 'The Old Man and the Sea' had more meat on it. That, of course, is a huge compliment.
0.8 Robert's Redford has two-lines in the whole movie but his acting is still incredible. The movie isn't.
0.625 The vacuum-sealed status of this man admittedly places some distance between him and viewers, although the presence of Redford in the role goes a long way toward closing the gap.
0.7 Even if it's not the greatest movie of the year, All Is Lost is certainly one of the most unique movies of the year.
0.8 Five minutes alone with him in All Is Lost will make you feel like a chump for ever suspecting [Redford] was done for. The charisma never went away; it's only aged into a very fine vintage, indeed.
1.0 A gripping exercise in visual storytelling.
0.8 You would think a movie packed with scenes like "Redford repairs a hole in a boat," "Redford inventories supplies" and "Redford eats some beans out of a can" would make for tedious viewing, and yet I was transfixed.
0.7 Redford does a fantastic job of conveying every nuance of emotion in his character with just a look or a gesture.
0.875 J.C. Chandor wrote and directed "All Is Lost," but Robert Redford owns it.
0.875 An Amazing Minimalist Turn from Redford.
1.0 "All is Lost" is disciplined, elemental filmmaking built around a disciplined, elemental performance, and it's one of the best films of the year.
0.75 We get the predictable plot points - storms, sharks, close calls with passing ships - but it feels like a uniquely handmade artifact.
0.5 All is Lost is a testament to a great actor, an experimental piece of cinema and a bit of a bore.
0.8 It's just humanity at its most basic.
0.8 A surprisingly successful stunt. How successful it is will vary from viewer to viewer.
0.75 Redford sails alone, but no man is an island
1.0 A gripping one-man show
1.0 ... a bracing nautical adventure. Think 'Old Man and the Sea' by way of 'The Perfect Storm' ... Redford in a revelatory performance, maybe his best ever.
0.75 An impressively audacious effort...
0.5 A noble-minded, but only partly successful film - one that will probably be a riveting moviegoing experience for some, but an unsatisfying trip across the ocean for others.
0.8 As a rugged yet wise exploration of manhood and mortality, All Is Lost gives great Hemingway.
0.875 All Is Lost is very much Redford's triumph. His turn isn't pure disappearance so much as a brilliantly human example of cresting and plummeting, cresting and plummeting.
1.0 The acting is note-perfect, a career performance from a man who has been in the business for more than 50 years.
0.75 The movie is rigorous, serious and well-crafted, with Redford holding the screen using only his economical emotional reactions and physical presence.
0.875 For all its formal austerity, All Is Lost also offers itself as a widescreen multiplex attraction, keeping all eyes glued on Our Man's dilemma, and every mind wondering if he'll manage to cheat death.
0.2 Too Adrift
0.5 Jostling around on the same flat level, spurts of interest coming but few and far between, "All Is Lost" should send one away with a dropped, unsettled stomach. Instead, it doesn't elicit much more than a shrug.
1.0 Redford could win first Best Actor Oscar of his great career.
0.75 All is Lost is about how human nature rebels against death, even when all hope is vanquished by adverse circumstances.
0.8 This is a beautiful portrayal of not just the human spirit, but what our meager species goes through just to keep drawing breath.
0.875 Chandor and Redford make every moment matter in this fascinating film (despite an ending that will divide audiences).
0.7 The real victory in All Is Lost is how much Chandor is able to communicate about the human spirit with so few strokes.
0.75 Even at the age of 77, Redford can command a screen, and he's the main reason to watch this man-against-nature story.
0.875 Both a thrilling adventure and a subtle character portrait, "All Is Lost" is the best Redford movie since his brilliant "All the President's Men" 37 years ago.
1.0 Redford brings the watchfulness that has served him so well to every moment of "All Is Lost," infusing what is already a perfectly entertaining adventure with rich veins of symbolism and meta-meaning.
0.6 Although you may never be bored with "All Is Lost," you are rarely fully engaged.
0.75 Redford isn't precisely stretching his range as an actor here or revealing a new side to us. Rather, he's finding the cleanest, clearest way to express a quiet man's wiles and resources.
0.875 All is Lost does not move at a brisk clip, or a tedious drag. Chandor knows exactly the proper speed of each scene and carries it out with Pete Beaudreau's editing in appropriate sync.
0.91 The human drive to survive is what fuels this story of resilience and perseverance.
0.8 A showcase for Robert Redford like he hasn't had in years and further proof that the writer/director of "Margin Call" is one to watch.
0.8 Burning with a young man's vigor and stripped bare of every ounce of celebrity, Redford commands the screen and drags us into the watery ordeal with him.
1.0 A nearly perfect thing: Economic, elegant, and elemental, it's a cleanly observed tale of one man trying, choice by choice, to keep the odds going in his favor.
0.75 An ocean of metaphor.
0.875 As a "man vs. wild" adventure in the Jack London mode...All is Lost has plenty of fearsome moments, but the deeper fears are existential: man in mortal contention with an indifferent universe.
0.875 In lesser hands, his character's ordeal might have been portrayed with big punctuation marks and dramatic flourishes. Redford's reactions are honest, in tune with a man of the sea.
0.4 When did Robert Redford turn into the male Sandra Bullock?
0.7 I ultimately admired it more as a high degree-of-difficulty achievement than as a film
1.0 Robert Redford gives the performance of his life in this one man show brilliantly directed by J.C.Chandor. It's a towering achievement for both of them.
0.875 This steadily absorbing man-adrift-on-a-damaged-sailboat saga has possibly the three most suspenseful sequences of the year.
0.6 It seems more determined to impress than to entertain. However, it succeeds wildly on the first count, which may make it worth seeing for many adventurous teens and parents.
0.75 Redford's voice might be largely silent, but the soul is there and the magnitude of all that is lost hits home.
1.0 Here is a formidable opus whose real spiritual relative is Tennyson's "Ulysses". Yes. "All is Lost" is that good.
0.7 ...a surprisingly unsparing and rigorous piece of work, tinged with an unsentimental fatalism.
0.75 A gripping experience ... with its circling sharks, its sun-dappled beauty and its agonies of shattered hope.
0.875 A fascinating voyage across a vast ocean, and into the great uncharted waters of our selves.
0.935 Palpably suspenseful, engrossing, bold and intelligent. It's a new American classic that will be remembered for many years to come. Robert Redford delivers a tour de force performance.
0.9 It would be one thing if All is Lost merely pulled you in with a firm grip and true skill; what's even more impressive is what it says to you once it has you in its grasp.
0.8 "All Is Lost," which is only Chandor's second film, reveals itself as remarkably skillful, surprisingly insightful and deeply moving.
0.875 Chandor proves that the elements, combined with the varied and subtle talents of a veteran actor, are all that is needed to make a captivating, nail-biting thriller.
1.0 An action movie in the most profound and exalted sense of the term ...
0.8 Redford reconfirms his legend without resorting to movie myth
1.0 It's just a guy. On a boat. For 107 minutes. And every one of those minutes is riveting.
1.0 There is incredible tension in this ordeal, this effort to survive, to find rescue, and Redford - an icon of the American film experience for more than half a century now - makes that tension deeply palpable.
0.875 Redford, who can play intelligence, wit and nuance to a camera like nobody's business, holds us in his grip. It's a master class in acting.
0.9 The approach results in one scene of heart-in-throat action after another, with Chandor's immersive approach shoring up Redford's remarkable, understated performance.
1.0 Goodness knows what this movie would be like without the brute force of Mr. Redford's intelligence, focus and self-confidence.
0.875 Redford's finest hour.
0.7 Stranded and alone as he battles the stormy sea and his mortality, Robert Redford delivers a commanding lead performance in All Is Lost, a nearly wordless but captivating drama from J.C. Chandor.
1.0 It's the salvation of the moviegoing year.
0.9 It's nothing new to watch an impressive survival story onscreen, but rare to see it done this well.
0.8 Redford gives the kind of career-capping performance many of his contemporaries could only dream of.
0.9 A mesmerizing, compelling and deeply profound high-seas adventure in which Robert Redford gives one of the most fulfilling and rewarding performances of his career.
0.8 Robert Redford will get a Best Actor Oscar nomination for this awesome, extraordinary adventure on an unforgiving sea.
0.6 A visually striking man versus nature story about enduring when the elements are conspiring against you.
1.0 An immersive drama about being resilient and facing the fear we all have of dying alone; one of the Best Films of 2013.
0.625 J.C. Chandor creates an austere snapshot of human struggle, ingenuity, and perseverance, one that's predicated on Robert Redford's fantastic performance.
0.8 All Is Lost is a movie that is understated, yet still manages to play out on a staggeringly huge canvas; the personal and the universal one and the same.
0.8 For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner.
0.6 The film's scope is limited, but as far as it goes, All Is Lost is very good indeed: a neat idea, very nimbly executed.
0.478947368421 From bow to stern Chandor delivers pure cinema
0.6 Redford delivers a tour de force performance: holding the screen effortlessly with no acting support whatsoever.
0.5 A grim and rather relentless analogy for the slow march towards death: every bad thing can and does happen, with almost comical inevitability, and by the hour mark, you find yourself begging for a shark attack that might put poor Red out of his misery.
0.7 Production values are low and everything looks cheap, but the film punches above its weight and has a lot of heart.
0.6 Enjoyable, but now basically a footnote to the TV series.
0.5 This pallid crossbreeding of vampire horror with Valley Girl vamping has no surprises.
0.4 A sometimes entertaining mess. (The TV series is, shockingly, a whole lot better.)
0.4 From this whole thing, who comes out the best? Paul Reubens! Who knew?
0.2 My favorite TV show is Buffy, I still can't believe it came from this horrible movie.
0.6 A slight, good-humored film that's a lot more painless than might have been expected.
0.6 Not bad but pales to the terrific TV show.
0.2 Buffy the Vampire Slayer has a promising title and some good ideas, but fails to deliver the goods.
0.6 I know I stand alone on this, but Kristy Swanson is the one true Buffy.
0.6 Amusing trifle, notable chiefly for Paul Reubens' performance.
0.3 Barely watchable.
0.3 Flat comedy/horror flick that barely scratches the level of mediocrity in either genre.
0.6 The direction is downright bad, and the storyline really doesn't help much, but all of this is made up in spades with one of the most finely crafted formula scripts courtesy of Josh Whedon.
0.5 A fun movie; so much better than it has to be and so much better than you expect it to be.
0.625 THE SPY WHO LOVED ME is not as good as I remembered it. All of its chases and action were much better in my memories. In reality, they're a bit lackluster.
0.9 In a tremendous film that shows Moore's Bond still has the old razzle-dazzle, "Nobody Does It Better" isn't just a theme song. It's a forceful and fun statement of purpose, and "Spy" offers the franchise the definitive jolt it so sorely needed.
0.8 The best combination of japery and seriousness, without descending into the clowning that would be a part of all but one of Moore's subsequent adventures [as Bond].
0.6 1977's 007 still gettin' lucky in underwater lair.
0.8 It may not be Fleming but it is terrific fun.
0.5 As the Bond series moved deeper into the 1970s, the emphasis moved away from the inventive scripts that made the best Sean Connery films fine examples of the spy genre and toward the kind of feats of daring and visual spectacle.
0.8 007 lives in the best of the Moore Bonds ...
0.7 This is near-camp and its success sent a strong message to its producers about what audiences wanted to see: Bigger, bolder, louder, sexier.
0.8 One of the better Moore outings.
0.8 It's Bond with Roger Moore, and this is one of the best of his.
0.5 The film moves along at a serviceable clip, but it seems half an hour too long.
0.6 Not the best Bond, but not the worst either.
1.0 One of the best of the Moore Bonds, this is non-stop, gloriously excessive entertainment.
1.0 Not only Roger Moore's best, but one of the few Bond films that can stand apart from the series as a superb action movie.
0.875 The best Bond movie of the Moore era
0.8 With its comic edge, this is one of the better Bonds.
0.8 The best of the Roger Moore Bond films has much to praise.
0.6 The Bond series begins a downhill slide into camp with this one.
0.8 Un clasico, con espias hermosas, persecuciones submarinas, y el toque de Bond.
0.8 From the adrenaline-inducing pre-credits ski chase to the gun battle as the crew of two submarines attempt to take a hollowed-out supertanker from an army of bad guys, the action sequences soar.
0.73 Roger Moore may not be the toughest of the Bonds, and he may not be the wittiest, but he is the smoothest.
0.75 Is there no end to Bond's skills?
0.8 ...pulled Roger Moore from the shadow of his predecessor and established him as a bone fide Bond.
0.8 One of the best Bonds ever made.
0.875 Of Roger Moore's seven James Bond pictures, The Spy Who Loved Me stands out as the best.
0.7 Day Of Reckoning is one of the most ambitious, experimental, and downright fascinating B-movie genre pieces I have seen in years.
0.6 When it sticks to the fights, the thugs, and the attitude, it's a pretty good time.
0.2 Aside from perhaps Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren's accountants, it's difficult to say for sure who exactly has been calling for another entry in this francise.
0.5 Earns its stripes as one of those bad movies that's so bad it's good, in its bad way.
0.8 An actual great piece of brainy action cinema.
0.6 An entertaining Universal Soldier movie that dares to try something different.
0.5 Day of Reckoning, for lack of a better expression, 'goes there.' But like the flight plan of a hijacked plane, it's not necessarily my destination of choice.
0.5 As with all the films in the Universal Soldier series, this is mostly a catalog of increasingly brutal fights, which are the main attraction in and of themselves.
0.625 An arty action flick that's almost worth watching. The odds of director John Hyams pulling off such a feat were only slightly worse than winning Powerball.
0.65 Day of Reckoning is somehow not just the best film in the series, but a damn fine piece of action filmmaking by any measure.
0.0 "There... is... no... end" Van Damme announces in between blows. As a comment on the current film, I'll agree. As a prediction - all I can do is shudder.
0.75 An intensity of purpose and a patient, suspenseful directing style make the B-movie "Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" superior to most of the big-budget action films I've seen lately.
0.6 This bloody wallow in sweat, guns and fisticuffs - for those who swing that way - delivers.
0.6 The movie creates something of the sensation of huffing industrial solvents - in a good way! - a waking-sleep zombification that can't exactly be described as pleasurable but definitely has an odd, distinct power.
0.25 Universal soldiers, it seems, never die, even if they deserve a slow and deliberate farewell.
0.4 Anyone who stumbles into "Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning" unprepared is bound to leave shellshocked. Not just because of the movie's brutal violence, but from the stunning realization that this grim franchise will never stop regenerating itself.
0.65 Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning comes off feeling like the Alien 3 of the franchise, as it becomes, at times, far too nihilistic to be enjoyed.
0.6 It's almost worth wading through the wearisome setup to get to the fun stuff. But there is a reason fast-forward buttons were invented.
0.625 A bloody free-for-all so gruesome, it makes Peckinpah look like Winnie the Pooh.
0.7 A throwback to a time when gratuitous nudity was the only kind of nudity, and when being a man meant dismembering another man
0.5 Like a stiff Schwarzeneggerian conqueror making good on an "I'll be back," John Hyams returns to one-up the franchise again.
0.7 Muscular, atmospheric and surprisingly scary.
0.45 Adkins, Van Damme, and Lundgren turn in far more compelling work than they did in their last film together, Expendables 2, though maybe that's not saying much.
0.6 While it's hardly genre-changing, this is a nice dose of fun, family entertainment.
0.4 Everything about this "Race" comes off as a cheap also-ran, with little of that ol' Disney magic anywhere to be found.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare: Cute, precocious children are protected by a world-weary, wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound.
0.625 A reasonably satisfying family film that updates things while staying true to the adventurous, sci-fi spirit of the originals.
0.375 If it's possible for a movie to be agressively bland, Race to Witch Mountain is that movie. [Blu-ray]
0.5 ...suffers from a pervasively stagnant atmosphere that effectively drains the energy right out of its high-octane moments...
0.6 Race with your kids to see it.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain is the first kids' film in ages to have action beats that measure up to Hollywood's grownup action fare.
0.6 In 35 years, people probably will have forgotten 'Race to Witch Mountain' the way my generation has amnesia when it comes to its 1975 predecessor 'Escape to Witch Mountain.'
0.5 Johnson holds his own against the cute wunderkinder, but nobody's a match for the f/x onslaught of the noisy climax.
0.6 This kids' adventure from Disney is amiable with nice performances.
0.2 The result is a disappointingly unadventurous adventure, with characters and events that never involve us.
0.6 There are decent special effects, and Johnson can play it tough while also being a kid-friendly presence.
0.4 Cue a not very dazzling chase movie.
0.6 Family audiences in search of Easter entertainment will not feel disappointed by what is basically one long chase and the film will make a great theme-park ride.
0.2 This surely has to be the last of the series.
0.6 The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here, with beefed-up action, hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix.
0.5 In the long run, one would be advised to walk slowly and sluggishly, not race hurriedly, to the so-called new and improved findings at weak-kneed Witch Mountain.
0.6 Once the action gets going, it's easy to forget that the plot has left for the planet La-La and just enjoy the fun.
0.6 An unexpectedly entertaining mixture of good, clean Disney fun with some rather more modern action scenes, lent charm by Johnson's natural swagger. One of the better family films in a while.
0.333333333333 It's pacy all right, but glib and uninvolving for grown-ups, though perhaps furnished with enough in the way of spaceships, lasers and digital explosions to pacify undemanding little 'uns of an afternoon.
0.6 It's a rattling good chase movie. The young aliens have useful tricks. Johnson is the contractual comic liability. Perfect holiday nonsense.
0.6 Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences, some adult-pleasing comic one-liners.
0.4 Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi. Its themes are predictable and its look generic: this is one Race you may want to sit out.
0.6 One minute Seth is solid enough to stop a speeding 4x4, next he's panicking over an approaching UFO. Such cheating robs the film of tension: we need to know limits to start caring.
0.6 While this isn't a bad film, it's a touch too dry and maybe even a bit too slow for it to be the rush it should be.
0.6 Race proves a fun, snappy update to a goofy kiddie cult film.
0.4 The cast of Race to Witch Mountain do their best, but they're let down by some poor effects and a lazy script.
0.6 This completely revamped action movie is enjoyably watchable, even though there's not a moment of suspense in its squeaky clean plot.
0.75 A gleeful throwback to the era of Disney's '70s live-action movies that aimed only to offer good clean fun.
0.75 [The Rock's] skill at making the transformation from an "aliens are all around us" skeptic to a true believer is the rock solid foundation [for] this delightful kids' flick.
0.6 If only they had told that Predator dude to go back to the right set . . . .
0.25 Some kids might like "Race to Witch Mountain." But more discerning kids might not.
0.5 AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig are fine, but this 'X Files' for small fry has about as much heft as a bubble of swamp gas.
0.625 a decent and at times entertaining bit of kid-centric fantastical escapism that alternates its hectic chase sequences and special effects spectacle with comedy involving government conspiracies and a geeky sci-fi convention.
0.4 Writers Matt Lopez and Mark Bomback, with director Andy Fickman, have seasoned this empty-calorie feast for easy digestion.
0.625 'Witch Mountain' has heart, humor and a touch of magic.
0.7 Despite its obvious contrivances, it's cornball sci-fi fun.
0.625 This new version may appeal to the target audience of young kids, but for adults, it's a bit of a slog to get through.
0.5 By the numbers Disney flick; okay for kids but bland for adults
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain finds new ground that makes it fun and suitable for young children
0.75 Saves its best for last and emerges as an enjoyable and competent bit of family entertainment.
0.5 Dwayne Johnson shines alongside rising star AnnaSophia Robb, but the film's cookie-cutter plot and adolescent script make Witch Mountain hardly worth racing to.
0.5 While this film may not qualify as classic science-fiction and takes some liberties with author Alexander Key's material, at least it's fun.
0.3 The original is at least kitschy fun. So rent that before you even think about spending $40 for the family to see this.
0.4 Witch Mountain isn't nearly as soulless or crass as other recent Disney remakes, but it's definitely louder.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain holds no surprises (even granting that it's a remake).
0.375 Witch Mountain isn't escapism but a feature-length reminder that things are bad all over.
0.75 ... exactly as advertised: a sci-fi race to save the aliens and save the world (while dropping plenty of hints for a potential sequel and franchise).
0.625 Dwayne Johnson's Race to Witch Mountain plays out like a kiddie franchise starter kit.
0.5 ...certainly not in the E.T.bracket.
0.8 Though this is squeaky clean and one you can be totally comfortable taking kids to see, it needs the comic relief of a funny sidekick and some humor.
0.6 A fun, heart-racing adventure. This one has it all.
0.7 If you're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies, you're going to be sorely disappointed. However, this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family.
0.4 If Disney insists on raiding its own vaults for remakes, maybe they'll have better luck with The Laser-Vision, Missile-Launching, Face-Shredding Cat from Outer Space.
0.6 Sci-fi remake is action packed and intense for a PG film.
0.75 An action movie for kids that adults should have no problem sitting through.
0.25 Wow, when Disney misses the 'reimagining' mark, it really misses.
0.5 The head-cracking, explosions and gunplay eventually get out of hand, considering that, revamp or no revamp, Witch Mountain is still a Disney film aimed squarely at kids.
0.6 proves that some remakes can be just as entertaining if not more so, than the original.
0.5 This is not a story that cries out to be remade every 15-20 years. And, while the special effects and acting are getting better, the story isn't.
0.5 For all that energy, the film never really goes into orbit.
0.25 Bears all the signs of having been composed by an inferior race of alien screenwriters from the Hackulon System.
0.7 A fast and furious wild ride of a movie in which the good guys are good, the bad guys are good and the car chases are pretty spectacular.
0.5 Director Andy Fickman does an OK job of keeping all the balls in the air, though when it comes to loud but bloodless action, he's all thumbs.
0.7 Race To Witch Mountain is fast and furious and the action is bound to please children, who are the target audience.
0.75 It's a fast, funny, frightening and family-friendly movie, an affectionate tribute to the original, and a vintage thrill ride enhanced by modern visual trickery, crazy characters -- and a soupcon of skepticism.
0.5 A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney's latest: Race to Witch Mountain.
0.5 Although Race to Witch Mountain is about space travelers, little soars here. The film is so by-the-book (and we don't mean Key's 1968 novel) that it's hard to recount it without reverting to blahblahblah.
0.75 The result may not be a diamond in the rough, but it is a nice, shiny zircon.
0.6 .... if Fickman's sole mission was to create a film that will keep children thoroughly enthralled, then it's safe to say he easily achieved his goal.
0.2 As much I disliked Disney's excuse to make more money, I now know that Nationwide is on my side. The product placement is atrocious.
0.375 A movie with plenty of action, and not much story
0.6 Modest and diverting, rough and bland, with some good (if not quite Bette Davis caliber) actors and so-so special effects.
0.4 ...a film so incompetently directed and poorly written that it insults kids' intelligence, much less the adults who brought them.
0.5 Kids will want to root for their alien counterparts on screen. But they are second fiddle to the Rock wracking it up.
0.4 A slick but pointless work that will probably do well for a weekend or two but which will quickly fade from memory even as the original continues to attract new legions of fans.
0.6 a textbook "crowd pleaser," a movie made to really resonate with the lowest common denominators in the demographic
0.6 While Escape was superior in story, Race does commit to an impressive scope.
0.625 Race to Witch Mountain is a satisfying snack of a family adventure. It doesn't condescend to youngsters or shortchange adults.
0.375 This is not a movie. It's a coming attraction for a theme park.
0.625 Mediocre family fare that's simply not that much fun.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain" is made for kids, with a mix of family-friendly thrills and conspiracy mythos and special-effects action ... think of it as "The PG Files."
0.5 Given enough popcorn, kids should find it diverting; adults may be less than enthralled.
0.625 It's all fairly enjoyable, but also predictable and occasionally corny.
0.375 A flavorless sci-fi family picture that fools itself into thinking it is more grandiose than it is. Has all the thrills of a race between a slug and a hermit crab.
0.5 The film doesn't really have a plot. It's more of a premise, cartoonishly executed.
0.5 ...while "Race to Witch Mountain" rarely rises above the functional, either as storytelling or as visual kinetics, it moves like it means it and keeps Johnson front and center, either fuming or sputtering.
0.5 More like a pile of small, strange rocks that somehow landed in the same hole.
0.4 Instead of the next Schwarzenegger the Rock is the next Guttenberg and we have Disney to thank for it.
0.7 This is a fun movie, but Disney was wise to cut it off at 98 minutes. More would have been too much.
0.5 The story, acting and dialogue somehow came out weaker and creakier than before.
0.625 Since Seth and Sara only appropriated the bodies of human teenagers, I was left with a couple of questions.
0.6 It's a pleasant-enough diversion. Who knows, maybe the sequel will improve on this. Because from the looks of things at the end, there's bound to be one.
0.4 Unfortunately, there's simply no way to take something that was once fresh and transform it into a referential collage of all that followed without caving to every imaginable genre cliche in the Hollywood playbook.
0.6 0.5
0.3 Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure.
0.2 Ned Kelly suggests that not only do you not need anything of interest to watch, but you don't even need to see it at all.
0.375 Ultimately, Jordan's vision is so murky that Ned Kelly remains as foreign to us as wombat stew.
0.6 A ride that doesn't take us far enough.
0.6 Details such as the film's stark Victoria locations and the clunky suits of steel armor the Kellys fashion for the climactic showdown root things in a distinctive time and place, allowing viewers to experience the familiar storyline in a fresh way.
0.4 This is a traditional western, not a great one...
0.25 A leaden retelling of the legend of Australia's Jesse James that has understandably been sitting on the shelf for a couple of years.
0.625 A handsome, action-packed biographical drama with a credibility gap wider than the screen.
0.625 Ledger, talking into his chest for much of the film in an apparent effort to lend gravity to his performance, is pretty stiff, but so is Jordan's direction.
0.625 This handsomely produced historical drama never fully engages your attention.
0.5 To get swept up by the hagiographic treatment and to be all that interested in every nuance of this fellow's development, one might really need to be Australian.
0.6 Jordan's nightmarish vision of the Australian landscape is vividly haunting.
0.375 It just couldn't get any duller.
0.6 Heath Ledger makes this good guy gone bad seem worthy of his legendary status - he makes it easy to root for the outlaws.
0.625 The production is always engaging, always compelling, but to what end? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark? The film doesn't say.
0.625 Jordan stages the action scenes with energy and aplomb; when his heroes dive headlong into mythology, they do it with gusto and plenty of ammunition.
0.5 Monotonous and drags toward the end.
0.4 There is a potent national epic struggling to find expression here, but this movie is too rushed and fragmented to do it justice.
0.4 A highly formal and conventional film that is too often merely ponderous when it should be stirring.
0.4 starts off as predictable but enjoyable nonsense and goes so thoroughly off the rails,
0.625 Begs for deeper answers, but never provides them.
0.375 Think Braveheart Down Under-an impossibly masturbatory, unilateral act of hero worship.
0.6 An unkempt, enjoyable retelling of the life story of an Australian legend.
0.7 It's an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances.
0.7 At last! A feature film about Australia's greatest outlaw and folk hero that, while not reaching five-star status, all Australians can be proud of.
0.7 an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances..Ledger is fantastic as Kelly
0.4 This routine video-game spinoff borrows heavily from James Cameron action flicks and George Romero zombie epics but doesn't do much else.
0.7 This adaptation captures the spirit of the video games and with its fun, anything can happen mindset and tons of over the top violence, 'Resident Evil' proves there may be a future for video game movies yet.
0.4 An ultra-gory video game-to-movie disappointment.
0.5 The overblown action and cheapo effects become as relentless as the undead.
0.6 This video-game-to-celluloid adaptation has a clammy, nightmarish glaze and tightly coiled sense of tension.
0.5 here are times when RESIDENT EVIL looks unfinished or below its potential
0.0 So bad it can't even steal effectively from good movies that came before.
0.625 ... The Night of the Living Dead for the 21st century.
0.75 In the category of zombie movies, this is top shelf.
0.6 Don't expect Aliens but don't resign yourself to Ghosts of Mars either.
0.2 Barbequed Doggie Zombies. If your heart just skipped a beat and you find yourself atingle with anticipation, then I wish you good luck and Godspeed and there's no need for you to read further
0.4 Game fans will be disappointed. Zombie fans will be disappointed. Paul Anderson's fan will be disappointed.
0.8 The only real "cerebral" activity that should take place in a zombie movie is the consumption of brains by the heretofore mentioned zombies themselves.
0.3 ...The latest proof that trying to adapt a film from a video game is a bad idea.
0.75 Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez kick zombie butt in this faithful, action-packed adaptation of the popular survival horror video game.
0.5 I'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film.
0.4 Disappointing horror flick, with only the Zombie Dogs and Jovovich's skimpy zombie-busting attire to recommend it.
0.7 It was fun and I got what I wanted ? that seems to happen less and less these days in the cinema, we should take all we can get.
0.875 It works well enough, since the thrills pop up frequently, and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory.
0.125 So lifeless, pointless and dank that it manages the amazing feat of making the undead seem boring.
0.625 On its own terms, Resident Evil updates the zombie genre with an anti-corporate message while still scaring its audience and providing heart-pounding action.
0.5 Certainly not a good movie, but it wasn't horrible either.
0.5 When the dead come back to life and start chewing on the living it all comes flooding back. These heroes should have remembered "Dawn of the Dead"
0.6 Anderson ... has enough sense not to let the pace flag for a second, filling the screen with ravenous flesh-eaters, explosions and special effects.
0.8 Resident Evil es un videogame llevado a la pantalla y que pese a lo que digan, es la adaptacion mas fiel que se haya realizado en este rubro.
0.8 Resident Evil is a rabid zombie thriller that splatters on the screen with gruesome joy. Intense, loud and fast-paced, this is the best video game-turned-movie ever.
0.4 One of the better shoot 'em up games in computing history comes to the big screen in a way that is not only near unrecognisable, but also one of the most disappointing adaptations of a game ever.
0.25 A dumb, mean-spirited movie based on a dumb, mean-spirited video game.
0.2 Loud, grisly, action-packed and profoundly un-scary.
0.25 A zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless, lifeless, meandering, loud, painful, obnoxious.
0.2 [There's] nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects.
0.75 ... the current culmination of everything (Paul Anderson's) done to date... the results are pure cinematic fun.
0.375 The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid.
0.2 The credits list the film as being "written and directed" by Paul W.S. Anderson. "Programmed by" would be a more accurate credit.
0.375 Just think that you could have sacrificed ten quarters to play Resident Evil the video game instead of coughing up ten bucks to witness the monotonous Resident Evil the movie.
0.5 I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon. I also believe that Resident Evil is not it.
0.375 essentially a futuristic Night of the Living Dead without the social commentary, pacing, or interesting characters
0.375 I feel qualified to report that the game itself is more exciting and, just as important, much cheaper to sample.
0.5 Is this the future of horror or just some bizarre fluke? Don't ask me, I'm having too much fun to care.
0.6 Quasi-evil - to quote Dr. Evil
0.8 Just a good old fashioned time at the cinema, but check your brain at the door.
0.4 Devolves into the derivative, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects.
0.1 I would say that chaos ensues, but it started the minute the opening credits started to roll, so 'ensuing' is not very helpful. Chaos reigns.
0.375 ...nothing more than an endless festival of blood and gore, masquerading under the guise of a gritty modern science fiction fable.
0.5 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus. If only there were one for this kind of movie.
0.4 While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills, suspense, and gore for video games, the movie really only succeeds in the third of these.
0.25 Director Paul W.S. Anderson's cinematic style can be summed up in two words: 'ooh' and 'ick.'
0.25 Dumbed-down, lowest-common-denominator filmmaker with...no scares to be had.
0.5 Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper.
0.75 Resident Evil is not a cautionary tale about scientific experiments gone awry; clearly, it's meant to be a blood-spattered, shoot 'em up, slice 'em and dice 'em, horror sci-fi popcorn flick to the nth degree.
0.3 It all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer.
0.25 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches.
0.625 It's spooky, suspenseful and jump-out-of-your-seat scary.
0.75 The best video-game-based movie so far.
0.25 The only noticeable Resident Evil on display here is the lack of creativity in the minds of the filmmakers.
0.75 The action in Resident Evil is like watching demons from the repressed unconscious break loose and attack the ego.
0.6 If anyone could do justice to the hugely popular Resident Evil series ... it's Anderson.
0.5 Movies based on video games are shallow, obvious and one-dimensional.
0.5 Delivers a knockout punch for teens and/or game fans but may repulse or bore everybody else.
0.375 Began life as a computer game, then morphed into a movie -- a bad one, of course.
0.5 Never having played it, all I saw on screen were a lot of ideas stolen from Aliens, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Alice in Wonderland, The Matrix and George Romero's Living Dead movies.
0.5 Fans of the game and the genre will be disappointed with the lack of gore ... and everyone else will find what plot there is confusing and boring.
0.25 The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars, with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second.
0.25 A video game cum movie that substitutes shrieking decibel levels for a coherent plot and any resemblance to originality.
0.6 Finally, a sit-on-the-edge-of-your-seat thriller that, though slightly by the numbers, made you jump on more than one occasion.
0.25 The most depressing thing about Resident Evil -- and there are many, trust me -- is seeing the promising star of Girlfight reduced to a direct-to-video movie cliche.
0.25 Anderson apparently doesn't understand how to scare an audience.
0.25 Resident Evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV, sugar hysteria, and PlayStation cocktail.
0.4 Handsome and sometimes creepy, but formulaic in the extreme.
0.3 All Ms. Jovovich, as the sanctified heroine, has to do is look radiant, grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors, wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters.
0.25 Even in the dubious genre of movies based on video games, Resident Evil is an abomination.
0.125 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings. In other words, about as bad a film you're likely to see all year.
0.75 It delivers action, comedy and intensity charged with jolts of terrifying scary fun.
0.5 This is an arcade game, designed to deliver thrills and chills. This is does.
0.2 What will, most likely, turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002.
0.75 An energetic, violent movie with a momentum that never lets up.
0.875 Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power.
0.71 Though it may damage my credibility as a respectable movie critic, I'll proudly list Resident Evil on my list of this year's guilty pleasures.
0.5 Mostly, the movie is filled with scenes where the soldier people argue until somebody says, 'What's that sound?,' and then some horrible monster comes out and tries to eat them.
0.375 Paul Anderson, the director of such previous sci-fi turkeys as Event Horizon, Soldier and Mortal Combat, is back again with another loud, over-the-top picture.
0.625 Resident Evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless.
0.375 Brrrrrr....As scary as a ride though the Coney Island funhouse.
0.5 The special effects for this film were pretty bad.
0.7 The bottom line is that I munched on my nachos with my eyes glued to the screen and had a blast! Nothing wrong with that.
0.0 It's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie, but Resident Evil really earned my indignant, preemptive departure.
0.375 Unless you find the idea of killer mummy wraps particularly frightening, chances are you'll find this direct-to-vid thriller as ridiculous as I did.
0.6 Not bad but poor CGI muffles the scares.
1.0 Bogart is phenomenal as Fred C. Dobbs, a decent guy destroyed by his lust for gold, and the film itself is one of the immortals of cinema.
0.8 an unconventional western and a serious drama
0.875 A finely-crafted western-style character drama where greed and paranoia drive desperate men over the edge.
1.0 Transcends the medium to become a mandatory viewing experience for anyone that identifies themselves as a human being, period.
1.0 an all-time masterpiece of characterization, structure, pacing and storytelling in general
0.9 Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia.
1.0 This is so brilliant that the only real effect of the other versions is to make you want to watch the original again.
1.0 A pure classic.
1.0 True treasure of cinema, terrific on all counts.
0.8 An undeniable classic, but far from perfect.
1.0 The movie has never really been about gold but about character, and Bogart fearlessly makes Fred C. Dobbs into a pathetic, frightened, selfish man -- so sick we would be tempted to pity him, if he were not so undeserving of pity.
1.0 ... so good that writing about it is embarrassing.
1.0 Sierra Madre is one of the most lush black & white films ever shot. You'll never look at a gila monster the same way after seeing it slither across the sand in this film.
0.9 ...one treasure of a movie.
1.0 Greed, a despicable passion out of which other base ferments may spawn, is seldom treated in the movies with the frank and ironic contempt that is vividly manifested toward it in Treasure of Sierra Madre.
1.0 An all-time classic; Bogart wonderful, but Walter Huston steals the show; a timeless treasure not to be missed.
0.8 Uma fabulosa atuacao de Humphrey Bogart (completamente esquecido no Oscar daquele ano, numa das maiores injusticas que a Academia ja cometeu).
1.0 Arguably John Huston's greatest film, this powerful study of masculinity under pressure retains its power.
0.6 Animated DVD based on popular toys has plenty of violence.
0.7 As epic summer movies go, At World's End was pretty good. But don't try to make sense of anything, or you may suffer an aneurysm.
0.6 Just how much are you willing to forgive Johnny Depp and that sea-dog swagger of his?
0.5 While it fails in matching the unpredictable excitement of the original, this is more of what I'd want in Pirates sequels. Just a little less of it.
0.7 If nothing else, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End's ambition and moral ambiguity still set it apart from the pack, but as a send off to the trilogy it staggers across the finish line more than winning out right.
0.75 [Verbinski] borrows from a half-dozen mythologies to construct a fitting punishment for the culture of narcissism, compulsive consumption, and greed that makes movies like this one necessary.
0.5 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is a hearty, bumpy sea marathon. For some, it will be a fun ride; for others, it will be an ordeal. I'm somewhere in between.
0.7 a little disapointing, but still fun
0.4 A few laughs, some fantastic CGI and a great cameo from Keith Richards aside, this is turgid and tiresome.
0.6 Both sequels to the original film are confusing and long. But the third does improve on the second, because at least something happens.
0.5 At World's End's greatest sin, just like the second film, is that it forgets to be fun.
0.625 For a long time -- although definitely not all the way to the interminable finale of this whale of a nautical exercise -- you're likely to enjoy what you'll see
0.6 Swashbuckling action, but too many puzzling plots.
0.6 When it hits, it is absolutely the best of the three films, but when it misses, it is endlessly tedious.
0.375 Yo ho ho and a bottle of regulations!...has the soul of a three-hour U.N. committee meeting. Gods' bodkins, me hearties, this movie blows like a whale from the vasty deep.
0.4 POTC: At World's End strives for epic-ness, but it's not an epic. It's fluff. And fluff should never, ever exceed more than 1 hour and 47 minutes, including end credits.
0.75 The best in the series.
0.625 "At World's End" is a sweepingly ambitious movie that, alas, takes too long making its point, and far less effort in doing something meaty with the opportunities given to it.
0.6 Buoyed by luck, comedy and state-of-the-art special effects, it has not only survived the journey intact, it's also washed down its decks, ready for a whole new cycle of movies to begin.
0.4 It's a knockabout, scattershot affair.
0.625 while it maintains some vestiges of daring, I fear that the filmmakers may have bought too deeply into their own delusions of grandeur
0.6 Overlong, over-plotted and frequently dull threequel that only really gets into gear in the last forty minutes thanks to an impressively action-packed climax.
0.4 While the first two films skirted by on charm and sheer energy, At World's End clunks through three hours of excessive characterization and exposition -- and none of it makes any sense.
0.4 World's End is duller than a Disneyland ride during a power cut.
0.4 The unfunny doppelgangers only remind us, unfortunately, of how formulaic and mechanical this once inspired turn has become.
0.7 This might be a stretch considering its two hour and forty-eight minute runtime, but you'll definitely get your money's worth.
0.4 Dead men tell no tales -- but if they did, they would probably make more sense than the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
0.9 It was a whole lot of fun!
0.5 A lazy rehash spun together to satisfy booty-hungry studio heads ... it's as explosive as a firearm loaded with wet gunpowder
0.6 Bland, bloated, and at times, bewildering, this third serving is merely yo-ho-hum.
0.625 Here, death has little sadness and no permanence; it's as if the characters, being part of a mostly CGI world, are destined to exist forever in digital limbo, like deleted e-mails.
0.375 ...it hardly seems likely that anybody will have the stones to sit through this mess more than once.
0.6 I missed the jokes and carefree spirit of the crew of the Black Pearl. I missed the simple pleasures of the walking id that is Jack bumping into the consequences of his nature. I missed the funny.
0.58 By managing to turn a Disney theme park ride into a major movie franchise, director Gore Verbinski and his collaborators, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, have done an unintentional remake of Gilliam's "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen." Gilliam did it bet
0.2 As Captain Sparrow himself observes: "The immaterial has become.....immaterial."
0.45 You will not be engaged on any level other than a purely visual one.
0.75 It's a fine summertime distraction, but woe to the viewer who elects to revisit it somewhere down the line.
0.2 The story is either incoherent or nonexistent (take your pick)...
0.8 Needless to say, it all looks and sounds absolutely fabulous, and the return of Geoffrey Rush is simply AAHRResting
0.625 Better than the trilogy's second chapter, but not by a lot. Pirates 3 runs overlong and plays more to its weaknesses at times than it does its strengths.
0.8 Like the popcorn movies of old, (Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End) is an experience as much as it is a film, a chance for audiences to get lost in elements they rarely experience in life.
0.25 It's yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb!
0.5 I'll bet most 'Pirates' fans will defend this final chapter, yet realize it has reached the end of its usefulness.
0.8 While this third installment is both the biggest and most effects-laden of the three, it feels less like corporate filmmaking than Dead Man's Chest did.
0.5 Trying to follow this mess left me at wit's end with At World's End.
0.75 Elizabeth Swann is officially one of the best female characters in Hollywood history.
0.05 A bloated, repetitive sea saga that is the cinematic equivalent of pigging out at a fast food franchise.
0.75 Who cares that this blockbuster is an incoherent, overplotted mess, when it comes stocked with a charismatic protagonist plus enough swashbuckling action and spooky special f/x to make you forget the fact that the story is impossible to keep straight?
0.5 ...for all its silly goings-on, senseless violence, and perpetual, empty motion, one may still find a few pleasures.
0.67 The first five minutes make it clear this is not a film for little ones. The rest of its overlong 168 minutes manages to also eliminate almost everyone else.
0.3 If it's true that if you put 1,000,000 monkeys at 1,000,000 typewriters, one will type out Hamlet, the script for this film is what the other 999,999 will produce.
0.5 Gone are the clever, innovative action sequences, and practically gone is the tongue-in-cheek handling of the material.
0.375 It is debatable whether a movie can be "blockbustered" to death, but I advance this one as Exhibit A. Almost every frame of it feels manufactured to fit a preconceived - and inaccurate - notion of what a bigger, "better" sequel should be.
0.5 Dear readers Bruckheimer pulled a Bruckheimer. I am a huge fan of his action packed plot-lite escape t the movies. But, in Pirates 3 the mega-producer took a diamond of a franchise and shattered it into sand.
0.625 Despite its length and failure to sell a love story, I mostly enjoyed this buoyant surreal adventure.
0.8 With state-of-the-art everything, this is the 'Pirates' to top them all.
0.625 Alternately exciting and exhausting, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End may occasionally sail off course, but it never runs completely aground.
0.75 The film is slow in delivering its goods, but At World's End finally finds the mad fun and rousing action that fans expect.
0.8 It's beautifully shot, with lots of colorful characters, many astonishing special effects (though some approach a numbing quality), and much humor. The secret to enjoying the Pirate trilogy is to view them as operatic comedies.
0.375 Unfortunately, once in front of the camera Depp isn't given anything interesting or funny to do. So this fine actor is left to drag out the same shtick that once seemed refreshing -- three films and an Oscar nomination ago.
0.375 Depp descends into the shallows of self-parody, and the plot, keen to tie up every narrative loose end, manages to be simultaneously expansive and incomprehensible.
0.625 The film runs nearly three hours long and feels like it.
0.5 The tragedy is, the last two films are exactly what we feared the first one would be: corporate entertainment, heavy yet frivolous, trying to buy our love with bloated spectacle.
0.75 Worth seeing for the jaw-dropping action, the doses of irreverent humor and of course the star power of Depp, Knightley, Rush, Orlando Bloom, Bill Nighy, Chow Yun-Fat and a host of other talented actors who utter their lines with Shakespearean gusto.
1.0 ... even with the film clocking in at just under three hours, too much still doesn't seem like enough.
0.75 Sprawling and as in need of Venn diagrams for every sextuple cross as it is, "At World's End" has subtleties amid its cattywampus craziness. It's also 2007's first blockbuster worth the constantly turned crank of big-budget moviemaking.
0.4 The movie is thronged with characters new and old -- so many that none of them has room to shine; and the plot has spun completely out of control.
0.6 After watching Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, I may have jumped the gun in complaining about too many action sequences in Dead Man's Chest.
0.7 I am anxious to see it again - and this is not a common thing for me and movies that run close to three hours.
0.25 If number two was a scorned middle child fighting for attention, then Pirates 3 is a perpetual motion machine; not just because it is on autopilot, but also because it seems like it will never end.
0.8 Suficientemente divertido e absolutamente irrepreensivel em suas otimas sequencias de acao.
0.5 If you can make sense of it, you're a smarter person than I am.
0.5 Three's supposed to be a charm but you won't find much of that in Gore Verbinski's continuation of his silly, spectacular swashbuckling saga
0.5 ...it's hard to remember a recent film with a cast this strong that utterly wasted them.
0.5 And so it goes.
0.75 By the end I was not annoyed, and I did not feel gypped.
0.625 Loaded with more blubber than laughs, "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End" is a-vastly too long.
0.625 By the final chaotic battle, the overwhelming feeling [the movie] generates is relief that the whole enterprise is over.
1.0 At World's End is too long, too confusing, too cluttered, too much. It's also great cinema.
0.75 World's End lacks the lugubrious quality of many big-budget blockbusters because director Gore Verbinski gives it a lightness of spirit and because the actors time their sly jokes so expertly.
0.4 It's not so much that the story is hard to follow -- it's that there's no real story being told at all. At World's End is packed with incident, but on a scene-to-scene level this leaky vessel just barely stays afloat.
0.5 The longest and talkiest installment in the blockbuster Pirates trilogy, At World's End doesn't even have the decency to provide a good action sequence until more than two hours in.
0.75 (Gore)Verbinski and (Johnny)Depp, saving the best for a stupendous effects-enhanced final (don't count on it) battle, really dock this franchise with a flourish.
0.625 this cinematic ship is so over-stuffed with characters and intricate plotlines that it's starting to take on a bit of water.
0.7 As an integral part of movie history, the only legacy that Pirates seems poised to leave is the distinction of it being the first major series about seafaring swashbucklers to succeed financially.
0.375 One longs for more scenes featuring Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End and less of everything else in this bloated, overwrought and convoluted three-hour misfire.
0.625 Minute-per-dollar, you get your money's worth, but an hour after you leave you'd be hard put to summarize the plot in any coherent way. If that's entertainment, then step right up!
0.5 Relentlessly dense and unfathomable; Depp, the heart and soul of the series, doesn't even show up till several reels in.
0.5 This film is less comedic and more sweeping than the first two, and Depp often seems to be strolling the borders of the film, commenting on it.
0.875 [Erupts] into a grand and glorious adventure at the final hour. After lying dead in the water during much of its three-part odyssey, Pirates of the Caribbean has saved the best for last. The third time is the charmer.
0.375 In terms of pure adventure, there's less of it here than in Pirates 2 -- the action doesn't really start until about two hours in, and even then it's hard to understand the shifting allegiances or make sense of why the different sides are fighting.
0.875 The third film is a startling cascade of climaxes, too long, but to complain about excess in such an exuberant bonanza is like complaining that Gibraltar has too much rock.
0.5 Ultimately the voyage is so choppy and long that into the third hour I found myself yawning, 'Yo-ho-hum and a very sore bum.'
0.7 From the stunning visual effects and well-paced action sequences to the smartly written story, Pirates closes the book on its trilogy (and opens the book on the next batch) far more elegantly and enjoyably than Spider-Man. Who'da thunk?
0.875 A thrill-a-minute extravaganza.
0.75 A vastly accomplished bit of commercial filmmaking, with all the payoffs and pitfalls that such faint praise implies.
0.6 At 15 minutes this side of three hours, it's longer than Spider-Man 3 and the last Pirates entry, which were both long enough. These are supposed to be popcorn movies, not Berlin Alexanderplatz.
0.75 The third Pirates has tender moments and smashing ones, and if you fix on Depp, you'll manage fine.
0.5 I like my action movies complicated, but At World's End is less a complexity than it is a high seas bazaar with everyone and everything vying for attention. You end up going home with nothing to show for your adventure.
0.5 The overloaded sequel exhausts without ever satisfying. Cluttered and clattering, busy with jokes that never bob to the surface of funny, it puts the 'oy!' in ships ahoy.
0.75 [Special] effects pale in comparison to Depp himself. He is, as ever, the heart and soul of the franchise.
0.6 At World's End includes a whole lot of chitchat, as the characters strain to explain this overplotted extravaganza. Sure, the pirates need reasons to swing swords at each other, but do they really need this many?
0.5 Abandon hope all ye seeking a coherent, much less satisfying, narrative.
0.625 If the previous installment, Dead Man's Chest, was a classic No. 2, antic and insultingly unresolved, World's End tips the ship too far in the opposite direction. The first two hours of this 168-minute leviathan are bafflingly action-free.
0.7 The cannibals, coconuts and landlocked locations [of Dead Man's Chest] have been replaced by the high-seas high jinks that made the first film so enjoyable.
0.75 It's more entertaining than the muddled middle of the trilogy. It rounds off the narrative in a satisfying way that eluded Shrek and Spider-Man.
0.875 If you loved the first two movies, you're going to love this one, and for good reason. Verbinski wonderfully mixes comedy, action and drama, and gives each character something special to do.
0.75 Is this third installment an overblown, drawn-out spectacle with more plot twists than a pretzel factory? Perhaps. Does it still deliver a visually stunning, wham-bam conclusion to a rousing pirate trilogy? Absolutely.
0.7 Anytime something suspenseful might be occurring, there's always a joke defusing it somewhere. And every time that happens, it's welcome.
0.625 The movie ends up like Davy Jones himself -- many-tentacled, full of bluster, and devoid of a beating heart.
0.9 Exciting and entertaining...and be patient through the long end credits for a revealing epilogue as the salty seafarers sail on.
0.75 ...any movie that involves something called the 'nine pieces of eight' doesn't really care if you can follow it.
0.6 click for full review
0.875 The promise for a hopeful tomorrow that spectacles like the Pirates of the Caribbean are more than just a dying cinematic breed destined to be just another theme park attraction.
0.75 the most brutal, the wackiest and certainly the trippiest of the 'Pirates' pictures... If it's overloaded and a bit overly complicated, that's not exactly unusual for these movies.
0.65 The finale ends up going on so long that by the time the 'important' events occur at the end I couldn't find it within myself to care anymore. I had been swashed, buckled and CGIed into apathy.
0.25 Bloated beyond comprehension, overplotted to the point of aggravation, and about as soulless as a ship captain specter, [the film] is a total mess.
0.75 Director Gore Verbinski continues to deliver the big-budget goods.
0.875 An epic spectacle in every sense of the word, "Pirates 3" is a non stop journey to all corners of the earth.
0.9 Yep, it's a bit too long and more than a little convoluted. It's still one of the best times I've had at the movies this year.
0.25 Given its origins as a theme park ride, it's apt that Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy has experienced a trajectory not unlike that of a rollercoaster: an initial high, followed by repeated plummets to nauseating lows.
0.6 At World's End, shows that Hollywood excess, when combined with the right combination of actors and an occasionally smart script, can work out quite nicely, thank you very much.
0.7 Despite a rather dull and uninspired opening, the last hour of action and resolution makes for a suitably satisfying ending.
0.6 The effects are spectacular, Knightley and Bloom have more to chew on and more romance to play, and Depp, vamping multiple versions of the ditz he created for this role, is uproarious.
0.5 Rum should be mandatory for every man, woman, and child misguidedly attempting to make sense of the frantic Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
0.7 Pirates 3 is better than Pirates 2 for one very good reason: Forget Captain Jack, Captain Barbossa is back!
0.4 It drifts along in its own sort of doldrums, two minutes of not terribly exciting story followed by ten minutes of special effects, some of which are dandy, most of which demonstrate the textbook definition of overkill.
0.8 The entertainment life raft to be found in these waters is the aura of mystery and adventure provided by a masterful technical crew.
0.5 It won't matter whether you've seen the first two Pirates movies or not. You'll still be confused.
0.6 For the diligent and the faithful, director Gore Verbinski and screenwriters Terry Rossio and Ted Elliott, laboring under the bombastic tutelage of Jerry Bruckheimer, have assembled another collection of exciting set-pieces with bellowed dialogue.
0.875 The most visually spectacular, action-packed and surreal of the adventures of Capt. Jack Sparrow.
0.7 Just enough surprises to keep us gripped, and laughing, right through the impenetrable, overwrought plot.
0.6 The plot's a trippy, twisty mess, and it's far too long, but it looks fantastic and makes some bold choices in its execution. And once again Jack's back to save the day.
0.625 After the film's final act at Shipwreck Cove, one does feel a sense of satisfaction with the Pirates series, the glow of a rum punch and an ocean sunset.
0.5 Producer Jerry Bruckheimer does deserve a shoutout: It takes a kind of genius to sucker audiences into repeatedly buying the same party tricks.
0.625 The thrilling final hour is almost enough to make one forget how much of a labor it is to trudge through the first two-thirds -- almost, but not quite.
0.25 Roger wouldn't be so jolly if he had to sit through Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, a tiresome, disorienting walk down a 165-minute-long plank.
0.5 Left to do most of the movie's heavy lifting, Knightley and Bloom are still so flavorless that they make Rice Cakes seem like a feast for the senses.
0.5 At World's End is visually exciting but after three movies I'm still confused about this plot.
0.4 Painfully stupid but kids love it. Go figure.
0.5 Becomes so laconic it forgets a movie ought to do something besides show you a lazy smile.
0.2 There's the odd decent gag but you're too busy chanting the mantra 'Straight To Video, Straight To Video' to laugh.
0.4 Mick Dundee is not so much a fish out of water these days as terminally behind the times.
0.25 The movie is very good-natured, folksy and easy-going, it just isn't very funny.
0.4 The amiable, self-effacing Dundee and his audience deserve better.
0.5 Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles is a series of vignettes. The retro quality can only carry so far, and it isn't long before the film buckles under its own weight.
0.5 There are a few mildly humorous moments, but you've seen it all before.
0.4 The subplot about the sleazy movie studio and the kid who plays little Crocodile Dundee are both annoying.
0.4 Lost in the swamp of a dumb script and lackluster direction.
0.375 When movies have degraded to the point that Tyson is acting more than Quentin Tarantino is directing, maybe it is time for an industry shutdown, strike-induced or otherwise.
0.3 Feels like a feature-length vanity project.
0.5 At this stage of the game, it's getting a little hard to present Dundee as a naif from the outback in the big city.
0.4 The plot rehashes Dundee II's adventures in New York, except the weather's better.
0.25 Oddly lethargic.
0.5 I've seen audits that were more thrilling.
0.3 This latest, utterly gratuitous chapter in the saga of the wisecracking reptile hunter will add nothing to the ever-dimming reputation of the Subaru pitchman.
0.5 A decidedly mixed bag.
0.4 It's a greatest-hits collection along the lines of last weekend's Beverly Hillbillies marathon on TV Land or Tim Conway's Dorf on Golf videos, where nostalgia and comedy are run through a food processor until they become a flavorless paste.
0.375 The filmmakers lift something off the 'stock plots for bad crime movies' shelf -- an art smuggling operation that uses movie-making as a front.
0.625 Despite the predictability of the story and the gags, the film is surprisingly easy to sit through, digest and even enjoy.
0.5 The plot, if you can dignify it as such, is as pedestrian as it sounds.
0.75 Fun, very light comedy.
0.25 It's about as appetizing as month-old leftovers from the Outback Steakhouse.
0.0 Hogan's Subaru commercials have 200 times the spirit and charm of Dundee 3.
0.5 Of little interest even for its targeted PG market
0.6 Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
0.6 It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get.
0.83 While you might expect a cheap quickie designed to cash in on the Tim Burton feature ... Malice in Wonderland is actually an honest and at times intriguing updating of the classic set in modern times, in the cockney underworld of South London.
0.6 Genuinely original interpretation of the Brit gangster and Lewis Carroll's surreal tale.
0.2 Quite apart from the fact that it mistakes sexism and homophobia for sardonic liberal rib-tickling, even at 80 minutes, the film feels like a brash, crass and boneheaded music promo that's been stretched to breaking point.
0.4 Malice In Wonderland does little to remind you of the performances that once had critics and even the late great Harold Pinter crowing about his talent as [Dyer] started out on the West End stage.
0.2 Despite a certain visual flair, Malice in Wonderland just isn't very good. The screenplay is the main problem - it's just too flat and unimaginative to justify the larger-than- life cartoon characters that populate the movie.
0.4 Dyer has some funny lines, and he makes the most of them, proving that he is actually a good performer, all too often marooned in endless geezer knees-ups. But otherwise it's a bit pointless and heavy-handed.
0.4 Alice's adventures lose something in their contemporary translation, and there is very little to care about. It's nicely shot, though, in the style of a 1980s music video.
0.0 Simon Fellows and screenwriter Jayson Rothwell have come up with one of the worst ever ideas for a movie and created a cinematic abomination devoid of point, humour and entertainment value.
0.4 A good idea that unfortunately doesn't quite work, thanks to poor direction and a script that's not as clever or as funny as it thinks it is.
0.2 The presence of Danny Dyer, meanwhile, has likely tipped you off to the fact that it's a) set in a world of Brit gangsters, and b) not very good.
0.6 Eventually, the stories begin to rely on simple, clever solutions rather than violent ones.
0.75 Doesn't have a unified plot, but tells a handful of mini-stories very well.
0.75 The cosmic equivalent of hearing a Homeric epic in ancient times: we thrill to the battles, we wait with bated breath for the appearance of our favorite characters, and we root for noble, righteous warriors. [Blu-ray]
0.6 About 50 percent campy fun -- with another 50 percent of rather dull adventure.
0.75 What this movie is about, and where it succeeds best, is the primordial level of fear.
1.0 Quite simply, Jaws is a masterclass in blockbuster entertainment -- a tense, exciting thriller that redefined contemporary cinema. They don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 John Williams's Oscar-winning music and the excellent performances of Roy Scheider and Richard Dreyfuss add to the ingeniously mounted tension that cleverly plays on all our deepest primeval fears.
1.0 Spielberg knows exactly how the human mind works, and he uses that knowledge to plumb the elemental fear buried deep within.
0.625 ...the movie's justifiably legendary opening [paves] the way for an engrossing first act that's heightened by both Scheider's magnetic performance and the inclusion of several unbearably tense interludes.
1.0 Spielberg fashioned an instant classic whose success owes as much to his superb orchestration as to the substantial jolts and knockout performances by Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw and Richard Dreyfuss.
0.9 Before we see anything, our ears are chilled by composer John Williams' menacing two note soundtrack which then builds into that unforgettable frenzy as the unseen shark savages its first victim.
1.0 Jaws retains its power to enthrall and shock at the same time.
0.9 It remains an influence on the modern blockbuster, and is one of its best examples.
1.0 This is a suspense classic that leaves teeth-marks.
1.0 Jaws is a perfect blend of set-pieces and story, its formula so hard to capture it's now near-mythical - filmmakers have been chasing it like Ahab chasing Moby Dick ever since.
1.0 The aquatic terror is deftly balanced with lively, likeable characterisations.
1.0 Forget Saving Private Ryan, and Schindler's List. This is Spielberg's masterwork.
1.0 One of the absolute masterpieces of populist cinema.
1.0 Five-star movie could scare the pants off kids.
1.0 Spielberg has directed a film which contains many unforgettable and suspenseful moments. That Jaws was only his second feature film says something about the talent and ingenuity the man possessed even at such an early stage in his career.
1.0 To be brief and to the point, the GREATEST FILM EVER MADE! Thank you for your time.
1.0 A looming, terrifying catch of the day.
1.0 A classic. Tense, engrossing, scary and, subsequently, endlessly influential.
1.0 Like all the best suspense films, "Jaws" manages to somehow remain amazingly tense, even if you've seen the film before. No wonder so many moviegoers went back for repeat viewings.
1.0 It's no wonder a generation of holidaymakers still thinks twice before stepping into the water.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 Nowadays, it doesn't really scare me anymore, but I love watching it for the way it moves.
1.0 One of the greatest horror films made. The opening sequence is not only a classic, it's still frightening nearly three decades after it was made.
1.0 It just might be one of the very best movies ever made.
1.0 When it comes to this kind of thriller, no movie has been able to top Jaws, although many have tried. And, as the years go by, it seems increasingly unlikely that anything will come close.
0.9 I loved the film more this time than I had the first time I watched it.
0.85 Director Steven Spielberg has constructed a chillingly frightening film.
1.0 One of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of Hollywood.
1.0 An astonishingly effective thriller built on a very primal level: fear.
0.9 It was the beast that launched a thousand monster movies.
1.0 A film that sealed Steven Spielberg's talent as a master entertainer.
1.0 One of the most effective thrillers ever made.
1.0 Well, it's about this shark...
1.0 ...a classic, action-adventure monster movie, maybe the best ever made. (Blu-ray edition)
0.9 One of those rare films that really deserved its commercial success and its place among the best films of all times.
1.0 The action is excellent and nearly non-stop. Ogami Itto whirls the Katana and Naginata as nimbly as a marching band baton girl.
0.6 Overblown and unrealistic yet ultimately cathartic and exciting, Death Wish 3 is still an entertaining ride.
0.0 The direction is lackluster, and the film is padded with a number of useless scenes.
0.4 Hasn't Bronson's vigilante shooter done enough? Evidently not.
0.4 The weakest and least credible entry in the a series that's more enjoyable than most would admit.
0.2 Espouses a vigilante spirit that is morally bankrupt.
0.0 The poor man's Dirty Harry.
0.4 There is not a moment of credibility in the movie and the ending is sheer chaos, and anticlimactic at that. Mr. Winner runs out of imagination before Mr. Bronson runs out of ammunition.
0.0 The final, sorry rattle of Charles Bronson's career.
0.2 Gone is the social conscience. Lots more gore though.
0.25 The action, direction and special effects are all better than the last time around, which isn't saying much.
0.3 In short, this movie could be recommended only to the most fanatical Charles Bronson fans or for the people who are already desperate for 1980s nostalgia.
0.5 Just another contract-player time-killer.
0.5 Lacks a fresh point of view and its people lack individuality.
0.625 Nothing new in writer-director Jason Freeland's Garden Party, then, nor anything particularly insightful about the mercenary business of getting by and ahead out here.
0.375 It's familiar stuff if you've sampled the vast body of work devoted to LA-dammerung.
0.8 Exotic romance in early three-strip Technicolor with great stars.
0.4 TV classic remade as a forgettable buddy movie.
0.625 Serves up the expected gags and set pieces in service of a thoroughly been-there, done-that plot line.
0.6 A otima quimica entre Eddie Murphy e Owen Wilson rende bons momentos.
0.4 Credit to Murphy and Wilson for making the most of it, but for Thomas it's a case of must spy harder.
0.5 It's easy to watch trash, and although Murphy and his co-stars deserve better, it would be wrong for me to lie to you and say that I was bored.
0.4 Thomas demonstrates zero feel for either the material or milieu.
0.6 For the most part, I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies.
0.6 It's disposable dumb fun. And there's nothing wrong with that.
0.5 Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote.
0.6 Freakishly fun to watch.
0.2 I spied with my little eye, a turkey of a movie.
0.5 Even if it is generally amusing from time to time, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have.
0.6 Une comedie d'action ou l'action est deficiente mais ou la comedie fonctionne.
0.625 This film does no favors to the memory of the I Spy TV series, a genuine original that knew how to pull off a surprise. On the big screen, it is as ordinary as they get.
0.375 I Spy is about as mainstream and safe as movies tend to come, designed to appeal to as wide an audience as possible.
0.125 A dispiriting piece of hackwork that ranks somewhere close to The Mod Squad and McHale's Navy on the list of unnecessary and ill-conceived TV-to-movie spin-offs.
0.3 Do we need a new version of I Spy? I don't think so.
0.4 The film is overloaded with self-destruct modes, override codes and cocky Murphyisms discharged with machine-gun relentlessness.
0.2 Except for the fact that it isn't set on the moon, I kept thinking I was watching The Adventures of Pluto Nash all over again.
0.5 I found it irritating but still fun. Please read review.
0.25 So Owen and Eddie go spying - in Budapest! What's to spy on in Budapest!? A secret goulash formula?
0.25 I Spy is an embarrassment, a monotonous, disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations. It's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun.
0.75 When a hail of buddy-comedy cliches works in service of two stars as appealing as Murphy and Wilson, memories of 'The Beverly Hillbillies' can wash away like cinematic Calgon.
0.5 What's next: "My Mother the Car?"
0.5 In short, once you've seen the raucous rapport between two devilish dipsticks dodging bullets and personal put-downs, you've certainly seen it all before!
0.2 Implausible, utterly ridiculous, and absolutely unfunny.
0.2 It's a buddy movie with zero chemistry between its leads, and even the action set-pieces seem dated and deadly dull.
0.5 The Murphy/Wilson danger-with-laughs duo never achieves the cool, hip, bantering momentum of Cosby/Culp.
0.5 It knows it's a lousy movie and draws attention away from the plot by focusing on the personalities
0.2 I Spy's empty jokes fail to stick to you. It's the olestra of major motion pictures.
0.375 A rather dismal, glaringly formulaic action-comedy.
0.25 A loud, witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series.
0.375 I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind.
0.4 Nothing about this movie is terribly fresh.
0.2 The time has come to offer thanks to Owen Wilson.
0.25 A feeble spoof consisting entirely of warmed-over gags from Bond, from previous spy spoofs.
0.25 No aspirations to social import inform the movie version. This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.
0.75 A loose, lighthearted romp that's a notch above the usual buddy comedies.
0.25 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West.
0.35 Retreading a tired and worn genre, the film isn't the worst thing you'll see all year and it does offer a handful of laughs. Yet, it certainly could have been much better.
0.5 Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy, but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good.
0.5 The script doesn't make much sense and unravels in the final reels, but director Betty Thomas offers Murphy and Wilson some opportunity for amusing asides and juvenile horseplay.
0.4 It won't be long before you'll spy I Spy at a video store near you.
0.25 The fights are poorly staged, the chases are boring -- and a series of crashes and explosions can't disguise that absolutely nothing of interest is going on for long stretches.
0.5 The plotting is so generic that the villain played by Malcolm McDowell may as well have been played by Roddy McDowall for all the sinister distinction he's permitted to project.
0.5 A tired old buddy comedy with laughs stitching together chases and explosions.
0.3 If nothing else, I Spy does succeed at counter-intelligence.
0.625 Even the usually intense Malcolm McDowell doesn't have much spark: His main role is to press the remote control button that makes the stealth plane disappear and reappear, perhaps a foreshadowing of I Spy's cable-television future.
0.5 If you're looking for nostalgia, you're in the wrong place.
0.5 Those who loved the television show that provides the film with its title -- and little else -- may be miffed.
0.375 A casting disaster.
0.5 This is a remake by the numbers, linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie.
0.375 For all its dopey shootouts and inept identity tweaks, nothing in this movie amounts to anything.
0.6 It's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie, but it's entertaining enough and worth a look.
0.6 Nothing special, but for fans of Murphy or Wilson it'll be worth a look once it hits video stores.
0.5 Remember when movie versions of old TV shows actually took the trouble of lining up cameos of the series' old stars? Or at least followed the general contours of the original series?
0.2 Witless rehash of 1960s TV action-comedy has star power to waste -- and waste it does.
0.3 If you liked Bad Company, you'll love I Spy!!
0.25 I Spy something lazy, slow, shallow, stupid, amateurish, unfunny, unsuspenseful, uninformed, unspeakably dull and witlessly written, directed and acted.
0.375 The execution is so dumbed-down, so dumbfounding, that sophisticated moviegoers might confuse it for outtakes from Spy Kids 2 and XXX.
0.375 Humor in I Spy is so anemic.
0.4 Just plain generic.
0.5 With none of the series' famous sophistication and wit, all audiences will get from this film is nostalgia for TV's good old days.
0.2 More dead spots than a Jerry Lewis telethon.
0.5 A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick.
0.625 I Spy" made me laugh. It's a blast.
0.25 The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then, out of embarrassment or stupidity, not warning anyone.
0.5 If I Spy were funny (enough) or exciting (enough) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public.
0.5 Apparently the Hollywood studios can no longer be bothered to actually watch the old TV shows they are ripping off.
0.375 If you thought Enron's power-supply manipulation was a waste of energy, wait until you see I-Spy.
0.5 With large portions shot on ugly digital video rather than film stock, the movie frequently looks like a washed out old videotape.
0.5 I Spy is ample reminder that memorable comedy is, in its own way, as tricky to pull off as a good party.
0.375 An overblown clunker full of bad jokes, howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences.
0.4 A sometimes very funny but mostly banal action-comedy that has only superficial links to its 1960s source.
0.375 Owen Wilson...has officially refined his act into saleable Hollywood shtick.
0.125 It's been 20 years since 48 Hrs. made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day. But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old.
0.25 File the film and Murphy's performance under Motion Sickness.
0.5 An uninspired buddies-from-hell comedy with a theater sound system so loud some punch lines are muffled.
0.7 Cut from the same mold as celluloid trash like Bad Company...[but] both Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson are genuinely funny.
0.5 Spy is one of those films in which so little thought went into the story, the characters often whine about not being able to keep things straight. But consider this: It took four people to pen a story that doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.4 As pedestrian as they come.
0.7 The rapport between Wilson and Murphy is uproarious, even if the action bits are a little lame.
0.625 An unremarkable, modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title.
0.75 A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle, though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish.
0.4 A forgettable buddy movie that feels like a rejected script for "Rush Hour 3."
0.5 It's simply a generic action movie -- nothing you haven't seen before.
0.6 If you're a fan of Hong Kong police flicks, then you know that at any given moment, it seems like 50 percent of the force is deep undercover in the triads.
0.625 I really wanted to see a fun mindless martial arts film. But the story is so familiar that it beoomes boring.
0.625 It's all about the extensive climax, a gunfight turned mixed martial arts throwdown.
0.5 Insensible.
0.4 Considerably more importance is placed on the chops and the socks than the story, and yet the action sequences aren't terribly memorable.
0.6 Catch this one in theatres while you have the chance. The breathless, breakneck action of Flash Point can only truly be appreciated 40 feet high.
0.625 Donnie Yen is famous for combining martial arts traditions into his own unique fighting style and Collin Chou, who studied with Sammo Hung, is up to the task of holding his own.
0.75 Yen has developed a recent passion for mixed martial arts, and his more traditional punches and flying kicks are supplemented by some close-quarters Muay Thai kicks and even some jujitsu submission holds. Ultimate Fighting Championship fans will be happy.
0.25 Flash Point comes loaded with cliches and immediately starts blasting them in every direction.
0.333333333333 Not even a choice ass-whupping can make up for the plodding familiarity that precedes it.
0.4 Flash Point plays like the last hurrah of a criminal underclass facing the inevitable shrinking of its bottom line.
0.75 Finally -- with barely a half-hour left to go, Donnie Yen does his thing.
0.5 Like the mixed martial arts it showcases, Flash Point espouses the belief that there's nothing quite as entertaining as uninhibited brutality.
0.49 Fans of the genre will likely leave it satisfied, although it's not as likely that they'll feel satisfied the whole time they're watching.
0.2 We'd all be better served if Die Hard would simply die already.
0.58 The international location, political intrigue and 007 flourishes in [the] score all suggest a fundamental shift in the series-or ... a passing of the torch to McClane Jr.
0.125 Once blithely acceptable as American id, McClane's become the archetypal American idiot. [Blu-ray]
0.4 A Good Day to Die Hard is the worst Die Hard yet; substituting loud, noisy and sloppily-filmed action for what used to be one of Bruce Willis' more entertaining roles.
0.3 This new entry to the Die Hard series features a seriously underdeveloped plot held together by stunt sequences that are as overblown as they are ridiculous.
0.1 The score by Marco Beltrami might suggest a mission impossible, but the movie's reality is more like a poor man's Wile E. Coyote-Road Runner cartoon...
0.4 A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just half-boring and indifferently made; at its worst, it's downright dispiriting.
0.25 Empty, ugly and dumb, a grim and cynical exercise in death and destruction.
0.6 Undeniably entertaining action-movie franchise fodder [but] had the producers [made] Mary Elizabeth Winstead the film's other action hero rather than going with the convention of casting yet another male, Die Hard 5 would have been awesome.
0.4 A perfectly fine collection of ridiculous stunts and gratuitous explosions ruined by the addition of nonsensical plot and acting that appears to be submerged beneath weapons-grade painkillers.
0.4 Sees both franchise and character transformed into tragically unimaginative, cacophonously violent and embarrassingly unfunny shadows of their once great former selves.
0.2 Gone is the vulnerable, smart and resourceful hero of the original. He has instead been replaced by an unstoppable killing machine who - like a pull-string toy - sprouts irrelevant catch phrases like 'I'm on vacation!' in the middle of a fire fight.
0.4 You know you're in trouble when an action film opens in Moscow showing a Russian criminal being held prisoner in a cell playing chess by himself. This is the kind of obvious cheesy badly scripted trope A Good Day to Die Hard is rampantly infected with.
0.1 Pushes the series deep into the trash heap
0.5 Remember those Mr Magoo cartoons where the doddery old bald guy would blunder around various locations, leaving chaos in his wake while constantly insisting "I'm on vacation"?
0.4 It would be a shame if this is John McClane's final bow, but on the strength of this effort, maybe it's time for him to hang up the machine gun.
0.3 The Nakatomi Plaza has never felt so far away. Die Hard is my favourite film. I only attended AGDTDH as a sombre obligation; like a relative being asked to identify a corpse.
0.4 Yippee-ki-NAY
0.3 If only the people in charge had simply not involved Willis in it, not decided to call it a Die Hard movie, not set up my hopes for something more than gut-level, oomph-ish satisfaction, I wouldn't have felt so empty and disappointed when it was over.
0.3 The fact that A Good Day to Die Hard returns the Die Hard series to its R-rated roots doesn't change the fact that this latest entry is pretty dire.
0.375 The desecration of the Die Hard series continues with this shockingly underwhelming entry...
0.5 'Do you know what I hate about the Americans? Everything.' The fifth 'Die Hard' movie offers no evidence to dispute this Russian villain's opinion, as arrogant John McClane does more damage to the former Soviet republic than a hailstorm of meteorites.
0.5 Willis appears to be doing little more than going through the motions, and the character is so gutted and generic at this point that virtually any other action caricature could be inserted into the script with virtually no effect on the film
0.2 One of the great action franchises in movie history not only delivers its first bomb, it puts a crater in the franchise so large I fear it can't be rebuilt.
0.4 O diretor John Moore retorna ao trabalho depois de um hiato de cinco anos para confirmar toda a incompetencia demonstrada em Max Payne.
0.6 has charm and promises more from the new filmmaker
0.3 It wants to have it both ways, mixing the aesthetics of the '80s and the '10s together, and this does not work.
0.4 This would be a good day to kill this franchise for ever.
0.4 Willis is still fine but the script and directing make this "a bad day to die hard."
0.25 An implausible, action adventure featuring a couple of bomb and bulletproof protagonists more resilient than Wile E. Coyote, thanks to the miracle of cartoon physics!
0.3 A dumb, noisy generic actioner that someone copied and pasted John McClane into to make a buck. Fans of the Die Hard franchise have every right to be insulted as should any movie lover with half a brain.
0.2 What a disappointment.
0.2 Director John Moore, the anonymous hack at the helm, stages car chases and gun fights with messy imprecision.
0.5 I had a decent time but I'm hoping next time we get a little bit of that old reliable John McClane back... and yes, I hope there is a next time.
0.4 But then that's part of the problem, "AGDTDH" is all "wham-bam" and no "thank you, ma'am."
0.2 It's woeful stuff.
0.5 Action packed but expectedly ridiculous.
0.25 Unbelievably, this great character has made a complete transformation from a likable, sympathetic Everyman in 1988 to an arrogant, insufferable jerk in 2013.
0.2 A good day - it isn't. To quote John McClane: "Something stinks."
0.4 Over the course of 25 years and four ensuing movies, we've gone from mild eye-rolling to goggling incredulity.
0.6 It was exactly what I expected from a fifth installment of a 25-year-old franchise that was released in February when all the other films dropped in the summer.
0.4 doesn't stint on mayhem and havoc, though even a spectacular helicopter stand-off has a curious world-weariness about it that undercuts any sense of suspense
0.25 A Good Day to Die Hard is the Superman IV: The Quest for Peace of the Die Hard series. It is Jaws: The Revenge, The Next Karate Kid, and that movie where Jason Voorhees kills people in a spaceship.
0.5 At this stage in the franchise, the best thing to be said about the Die Hard sequels is that they come up with cool titles.
0.4 To add your own entertainment value, one game you can play during the film is to guess how many minutes will have gone by before Willis ends up with a single mark on his white top.
0.4 To call the film perfunctory would be to insult properly perfunctory events, such as that visit to your least-favourite uncle.
0.625 The poster-child for the big, dumb action movie, but Bruce Willis as John McClane makes everything better.
0.75 Yes, it's a brain drain of a film, but its go-for-broke zeal is contagious and fun, mindless or otherwise.
0.5 Many critics have already determined that this Die Hard is a bad day at the cinema. For me, like so many modern action films, if you leave your brain at the door, you may leave Russia with love.
0.7 Suspension of reality is a must. But that's Die Hard, and this Die Hard die hard fans won't love but won't hate either.
0.25 Willis is squint-eyed and angry throughout the movie, and not just because he's as old as he is, yet still feels the financial need to keep making these movies.
0.3 Willis has hinted that a sixth Die Hard movie is already in the works - the good news is, the series can only go up from here.
0.4 (T)his is Die Hard by the numbers, and said digits just don't add up.
0.6 There really is no point in looking for logic in a fifth Die Hard movie; these films have become a parody of themselves, wallowing in their inane action set pieces and sassy one-liners without much concern for plot or coherence.
0.4 The well has certainly dried up for the Die Hard franchise.
0.8 It's great to see Willis back in the role that suits him most.
0.6 On any serious level, it's deplorable, but it's so macho a vision of old age that it becomes quaintly enjoyable.
0.625 "Good Day" is action-packed, but not in a good way.
0.375 The dialogue in Good Day is painfully awkward, and before you say, "No one goes to a Die Hard movie for the dialogue," let me say that I agree. But you have not heard how bad this dialogue is.
0.375 Although he can still kick it into gear when the situation demands it, it's not entirely clear if it's McClane, Willis, or maybe the franchise itself that's barely mustering up the strength to carry on.
0.2 Bad acting and stiff dialogue rear their ugly head in the opening scene and just douse the movie in their thick juices repeatedly until it ends.
0.0 This is the Magpie School of action filmmaking: Anytime things start to make so little sense that you might lose the audience, just throw something shiny up on screen to distract.
0.125 The Bowfinger parody of itself.
0.4 If the first film was a finely tuned machine, this one's a great big ugly Mack truck of shooting and exploding and yelling, all shakycams and quick cuts and incomprehensible action blocking.
0.5 A Good Day To Die Hard is a movie for people who like blowin' stuff up, evidently a favorite pastime of director John Moore, whose action scenes make about as much sense as his script, which was likely written on a cocktail napkin.
0.4 Die Hard 5 does at least feature the best villain in the franchise: director John Moore.
0.45 John Moore seems to take all of our hopes for this out with an exciting-then-boring car chase that feels like it takes 40 minutes to complete.
0.4 It's never a good sign when you find yourself checking your watch in a movie. But it's far worse when you sneak a peek during a car chase scene.
0.5 Yippee-ki ... whatever.
0.6 It's fun, but ultimately inconsequential, and doesn't feel especially like a "Die Hard" movie
0.5 An explosive, high-capacity-clip letdown.
0.5 I guess the people making A Good Day to Die Hard don't understand that mortality is one of John McClane's most endearing qualities. Turning him into a cyborg with a sense of self-deprecating humor makes this a low point in the series' history.
0.4 The title A Good Day to Die Hard is not just a name, it's a proclamation that this series is now ready for the graveyard.
0.32 John McClean goes to Chernobyl. That's where we're at. Chernobyl.
0.4 Hands down the weakest entry in the series... incredibly generic in just about every way.
0.375 John McClane is easily one of the big screen's most beloved heroes, but retrofitting him with modern sensibilities just doesn't work.
0.4 Easily the worst of the series- by a long shot. Makes LIVE FREE OR DIE HARD look like a classic.
0.25 This series needs to die here. That would be something to "Yippee Ki-Yay" about.
0.375 Does this movie even have a writer?
0.625 A quarter-century after it began, A Good Day to Die Hard continues the franchise without undue embarrassment.
0.2 Time to hang it up, guys ...
0.25 This is the first Die Hard movie to run well under two hours (the incomprehensible final 30 minutes have been so furiously chopped, they deserve their own show on the Food Network).
0.5 Forget what you know about the earlier "Die Hard" films. This 'Good Day' is not the "Die Hard," nor the John McClane that we've come to know.
0.375 It took 25 years, but with the fifth and latest entry, "A Good Day to Die Hard," the series has finally devolved into joyless sludge.
0.5 At this point, "Die Hard" no longer describes the franchise. It describes the fans who are still willing to turn out for the noise and nonsense.
0.625 Willis and Courtney make a strong match, believable both as fractious family members and also as sarcastic adversaries forced by circumstances to work together.
0.25 This insultingly slap-dash sequel has as little relation to the original "Die Hard" as it does to logic and narrative coherence.
0.6 Different title, same story.
0.375 Both assaultive and tiresome, "A Good Day to Die Hard" barely registers on the action movie Richter scale. It goes bang, it goes boom, and then it blessedly goes away.
0.4 Good Day in a nutshell? Father-son bonding with heavy artillery, a lot of big bangs, a triple-figure body count and little else.
0.625 Easily the worst and most ridiculous of the "Die Hard" films, but one that still fills the audience need for gunplay, explosions, a chatty villain, heavy machinery, wisecracks and an indestructible Willis with can-you-believe-this? excess.
0.4 As workmanlike as men in fluorescent tabards repainting the white lines on the North Circular on a wet Tuesday.
0.2 Any remaining good faith in the franchise is now lost. Bruce's threatened sixth outing must surely be a bridge too far now.
0.6 Aside from the stunt team and the over-caffeinated editors, nobody appears interested in making this what it should be: a major movie event.
0.6 Watchable, decently paced action flick, enlivened by strong performances from both Willis and Courtney and some impressive stunt work ...
0.6 It's as predictable as Christmas and, if you are in the mood, as enjoyable.
0.4 I don't think it knows where it's going. I'm not even sure it cares.
0.2 Overall, this is a bad day that you'd rather forget.
0.5 A Good Day to Die Hard wants to be a movie about family values - a father and son, bonding over bullets and bombs - but it's really just about the value of a box-office franchise, and its value is on the wane.
0.4 It seems like every 15 minutes, somebody the McClanes think was a friend points a gun at them, which makes for some confused plotting.
0.375 McClane has been stripped of any real traces of an actual three-dimensional character. We feel as if we're watching Bruce Willis in a Bruce Willis movie in which Bruce Willis can survive anything while taking out the villains, video-game style.
0.5 No one expects Good Day to replicate the excitement of the original Die Hard, but this assembly-line product doesn't even live up to its immediate predecessor.
0.4 Everything about A Good Day to Die Hard, from the gratuitously destructive car chases to the obligatory series in-jokes to Bruce Willis's weary, half-hearted central turn, feels like an obligation.
0.3 Yippee Ki-Yuck.
0.6 Even though the ride finally stalls, A Good Day To Die Hard has been thrustingly outrageous enough in its earlier moments to coast to the finish line on momentum.
0.2 To say this is the worst of the series doesn't give its unique level of awfulness justice. That's largely because the franchise hasn't had a stinker up to this point, but this is the 'Rocky V' of the beloved franchise and it reeks.
0.7 It's probably a good day to end the series at last, but it's an action-packed and entertaining finale.
0.375 This 97-minute piffle may run a full half-hour shorter than its predecessors, but it is so dull and lacking in creativity and tension that it feels like the longest one.
0.3 John McClane's latest outing delivers everything you should expect from the minds responsible for tripe like Max Payne and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
0.45 Starts off with the right idea but undermines itself with an almost non-existent storyline, interminable padding, indestructible good guys and genuine insults to the audience's intelligence.
0.62 While it may not be time for McClane to hang up his vest just yet, the formula is starting to seem tired, and it feels like the end might be approaching for this particular franchise.
0.4 The plot -- which takes a while to get going, not in terms of action but in creating interest -- is a series of long, violent set-pieces.
0.375 Obnoxious, over the top and often dull.
0.6 Not a good day exactly, but not a goodnight to Die Hard either.
0.2 It plunges to the depths of "Superman IV," "Death Wish V" and other sorry sequels that now exist today largely as the least-played discs in Blu-Ray box sets.
0.5 As the series gets longer and our hero gets older, the action only gets louder and the hair-raising situations become more unbelievable.
0.375 A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just the weakest of the Die Hard pictures; it's a lousy action movie on its own terms.
0.4 Give Courtney the lead role in a spin-off and call it a good day to wrap up.
0.4 True, a lot of stuff gets blown up and stunts that must have cost the Earth appear with startling regularity, but the sense of exhilaration and fun that marked the best of the series has gone unaccountably AWOL.
0.3 A poor excuse to Die Hard.
0.4 With little going for A Good Day to Die Hard in any aspect really, it's certainly a disappointing addition to the Die Hard franchise
0.3 A Good Day To Die Hard is an ugly, crass and uncomfortably mean-spirited sequel that bears no resemblance to its predecessors.
0.375 Whatever future this series may have, A Good Day to Die Hard is its current nadir.
0.3 Those going to see the latest John McClane movie (the 5th), expecting another smart and sassy Die Hard, instead get Transformers, Part 12.
0.75 ...true to the series in one crucial way: its zen-like commitment to wanton chaos.
0.4 A good way to ruin the 'Die Hard' franchise. Terrible.
0.375 If Harvard Business School wants to do a case study on how to debase a once-respected brand, they needn't look any further than the Die Hard movies.
0.5 It's "A Good Day to Die Hard," aka "We've Got No Story To Speak Of But We Do Have an Infinite Special Effects Budget and We're Not Afraid To Spend It."
0.25 Willis may not be the film's saving grace, but he is some kind of grace nonetheless, really the only thing in the movie.
0.2 This leaden flick is completely joyless.
0.5 While some of the sequels have been entertaining enough, "A Good Day to Die Hard" signals that it may be a better day for John McClane to retire.
0.25 Mr. Willis has said in interviews that he's open to a sixth "Die Hard" film. Next time, Bruce, please read the script.
0.375 Loud and tedious...not a decent villain or catchphrase in it.
0.5 To paraphrase a classic of Reagan-era cinema, "A Good Day to Die Hard" is a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
0.25 A wholly generic international actioner barely distinguished by the presence of Willis's banner hero.
0.4 Everything that made the first "Die Hard" memorable -- the nuances of character, the political subtext, the cowboy wit -- has been dumbed down or scrubbed away entirely.
0.1 A complete waste of time on every level. Loud, obnoxious, boring, cartoonish, morally reprehensible, and just plain stupid.
0.375 Continuity has become a thing of the past for the franchise, which would help itself by not continuing anymore.
0.375 What could have been an interesting and funny period piece under the directorship of original screenwriter Edwards is turned into a tedious, infantile mess by director Benjamin.
0.6 One wishes the only pairing of Clint and Burt were better, but City Heat is still fun.
0.125 How do travesties like this get made?
0.6 One of Mr. Benjamin's main contributions to the film is a good-humored buoyancy, even when things are at their most muddled.
0.8 Golden Blade is pure spectacle in all the right ways.
0.6 Charming and easygoing enough in its matinee-movie way, though there are enough unforced errors throughout that it's really hard to think of this as one of Universal's most shining moments.
0.4 Still shufflin' around
0.6 Another mummy flick churned out by Universal, still creepy.
0.8 The Mummy's Hand is probably the best of the series.
0.76 More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy.
0.7 I wouldn't put Tigerland in the top ranks of war movies, but it's a solid second-tier entry that makes you think about the characters.
0.5 Farrell is the best thing about the film, which veers into oversentimentality quite a bit for a film that's shot with such a gritty aesthetic.
0.5 Ever since Three Kings redefined just how great a war movie can be, movies like Tigerland have become unforgivable.
0.5 A talented newcomer with genuine presence, Farrell is able to suggest some complexity in a character that is written without any.
0.625 ...never quite catches fire or becomes the searing expose that director Schumacher intended.
0.8 Farrell holds the film together as the one element that sets this a notch above the average military drama.
0.5 Tigerland will only reinforce one of the biggest complaints regarding Schumacher's work: that it's all about the look, not the material.
0.5 At best, Tigerland is not much more than a low-rated, cable-channel movie-of-the-week that should be channel-surfed right on by.
0.8 The hype is justified -- Farrell's performance just screams star quality and has already drawn comparisons with Steve McQueen and Paul Newman.
0.6 A worthy addition to the Vietnam War film genre.
0.7 Even when the script overtaxes the allegory about how Vietnam divided a nation at home, Schumacher and the actors prevail by fixing their sights on what happens to men on that last stop before the game of war becomes a grim reality.
0.8 A beautifully crafted, brilliantly acted and gently moving film that only occasionally lapses into sentimentality.
0.8 Despite his usual ability to spend more time on set design than he does on actors, Schumacher handles the more intimate setting with great skill.
0.6 Beyond the excellence of the young actors, however, the film offers little we haven't seen before.
0.84 A modest feature with simple aims, Tigerland hits the heart through great performances from a group of unknowns, thoughtful cinematography, and sustained emotional intensity.
0.75 starkly effective, if a bit too blunt in its obviousness
0.75 For those who don't mind being challenged, however, and are curious to see why Farrell is being touted as the next big thing, Tigerland has its rewards.
0.8 Tigerland is tightly constructed and culminates with a stunningly appropriate charge of ambiguity.
0.8 All the actors bring their characters to life, especially Colin Farrell as Bozz and Shea Whigham as the maniacal Wilson.
0.7 Schumacher relies on an understated documentary style, largely using handheld cameras and seemingly improvised scenarios.
0.5 Beneath the rough verite exterior beats the same slick, corny heart that has pumped blood (and money) through Mr. Schumacher's Batman and John Grisham pictures.
0.8 Schumacher lucks out with a largely unknown cast of awesome performers.
0.5 The narrative is weak, with the film consisting of a series of incidents that don't seem to be consistently connected.
0.5 As much as I sat amused (occasionally highly amused) for 136 minutes, I never felt particularly engrossed or even all that thrilled. The stakes were too low.
0.6 In the absence of definitive work done in our heroing couple, a pair rich in fibers but relegated to broad strokes and easy quips in this turn, most of it amounts to a fairly good spy thriller, not an ace-in-the-whole neo-superhero masterpiece.
0.8 It has a charismatic hero, inspired action choreography and Robert Redford as a living signifier of the days when Hollywood thrillers tried to make you think about stuff between shootouts. Also, it's really funny.
0.6 Chris Evans is back as Captain America, powered by super-serum and a sense of loss.
0.8 This is the most political, complicated Marvel movie to date.
0.75 The Winter Soldier is all-American entertainment, with a hero enlightened to the fact that while he may not be able to trust his American government's leaders, he ultimately represents not them but the American ideals of truth and justice.
0.8 Sometimes a film leaves you with a big, dumb grin on your face. The Marvel blockbuster Captain America: The Winter Soldier... is such an item.
0.75 I agree that this is an enjoyable film, but if you ask if I'm excited to see a sequel, my honest answer is it wouldn't bother me if they never made another one.
0.8 With Chris Evans charismatic as ever in the lead, and a good supporting cast, The Winter Soldier is a welcome addition to Marvel's ever-expanding canon.
0.8 Winter Soldier has enough intrigue to satisfy fans and a Heat-style street battle cements it as a stand-alone thriller, albeit one which doesn't really reflect how 'winter soldiers' were 1970s' Vietnam veterans concerned about US war crimes.
0.7 What starts as a terrific and grounded little thriller becomes less interesting as it gets less "little".
1.0 The best Marvel film to date explores government overreach, the real and perceived threats to national security and how true American values will always win out over false ones.
0.9 "'The Winter Soldier' not only satisfies with its plentiful action scenes, it also offers some intriguing commentary on the current political and world climate, and turns out to be a sterling character piece."
0.75 ...has a nice push and pull going on, between nostalgia for a time gone by and a piercing, contemporary relevance.
1.0 I salute you, 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
0.5 A substantial disappointment after 2011's better-than-expected Captain America: The First Avenger...
0.875 'Winter Soldier' is a layered and paranoid espionage thriller, what you'd get if John le Carre took a stab at the superhero genre.
0.75 A solid example of meat-and-potatoes popcorn filmmaking--befitting that most meat-and-potatoes of comic book heroes.
0.75 Proving his mettle in a story with a darker tone, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an excellent chapter in the Marvel canon.
0.75 The Winter Soldier delivers a funnier, angst-ridden Captain for our security vs. liberty-obsessed times.
0.75 the movie stabs right at the heart of the ultimate virtue for which Captain America stands--freedom--by questioning what exactly such a virtue entails and what is required to preserve it
0.9 May be the most thoughtful instance of character depth in a comic-born action extravaganza.
0.75 I'm afraid of Robert Redford.
0.8 On a fundamental level, the Russos get the character of Captain America, and this deep understanding trickles down into the film in satisfying ways.
0.5 The movie doesn't use any time in establishing an identity, because it is obsessed with the thrill.
0.4 Yet another super-sized serving of superhero cinematic sponge cake... this follow-up really feels like bloated franchise filler.
1.0 A great addition to the Marvel heroes family, (this) is another testament to the powers that be at Marvel Studios know that anything worth doing is worth doing well!
0.75 Chris Evans has grown significantly in his role since The Avengers, and he's far more appealing here, going for the same kind of charming, simple quality that Christopher Reeve had in the Superman movies.
0.6 It's hard to tell the difference between the parody and the parodied in Marvel movies; almost everything comes with a wink until Things Get Serious at the apocalyptic climax.
0.875 The unlikely directors are comedy connoisseurs Anthony and Joe Russo, working with a gargantuan Marvel/Disney support team no doubt organized on the theory that these movies have become Too Big To Fail...
0.875 Most fascinating is watching the cast's two old pros, Jackson and Redford, spark in surprising ways.
0.7 [There's] a great film that could have been made by the same people and much of the same raw material, but commercial forces obliged it to instead be just pretty good.
1.0 Black Widow is the scene stealer this time out... There's just very little than can be said against a film this well-rounded and complete... Trust no one - except Marvel.
0.75 For what it's worth, I'm looking forward to its sequel.
0.86 Yes, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a great action movie -- an immensely enjoyable spy-thriller-flavored film with Bond-worthy flair (and orchestral flourishes). But first and foremost, it's also a great Captain America film.
0.6 Acaba se perdendo na necessidade de incluir elaboradas sequencias de acao e de ser um "filme de super-heroi" em vez de insistir na ideia de ser um filme sobre um humano que tem superpoderes.
0.7 A mission quite accomplished for those hooked on all things Marvel.
0.7 What a ride. It is a real popcorn movie.
0.8 The best thing in the film is, in fact, its take on Captain America that makes it great, as Evans plays Cap as Jimmy Stewart on steroids...
0.8 Miles beyond the great 2011 chapter. Ups the ante in storyline, character development and action, while giving a thrilling setup for future installments. It's the best of the Marvel/Avengers pantheon since The Avengers movie.
0.8 Super Fun, Super Exciting,
0.8 The Russos raise the stakes on each successive action sequence, until they arrive at [a] thundering, brutal, intensely suspenseful climax.
0.7 A brawny blockbuster-formula movie with the brains of an espionage thriller, it recalls vintage '70s spy romps but resonates with contemporary issues.
0.8 If the original is anything to applaud, the sequel usually isn't. And even more rarely is the sequel actually better. But with this near-perfect comeback, we don't see so much of it coming, we enjoy nearly all of it and we can't ask for very much more.
0.7 A spy-centric, timely, intriguing thriller.
0.7 Trust, betrayal and good ole-fashioned right and wrong lie at the heart of Marvel's latest offering.
0.95 Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a mesmerizing superhero film that satisfies on every level. When that last snake head is chopped off, you still find yourself wanting more after 136-minutes of pure comic book superhero cinematic nirvana.
0.875 "Captain America" is a grittier, more dangerous and darker movie than you've come to expect from the features in the Marvel franchise.
0.7 After not helming big-screen offerings for almost nine years (not since "You, Me and Dupree"), Cleveland-reared directors Anthony and Joe Russo throw in a few inspired winks to some stimulating movies from the more politically influenced past.
0.75 It imports so many cast members from The Avengers that it almost feels like the Age of Ultron is already upon us. Yet it's a credit to the scripters that their stage feels crowded but not cluttered, as every character is allowed opportunities to shine.
0.6 As weakling-turned-super-soldier Steve Rogers, Evans remains the best reason to see any movie with Captain America in it.
0.8 It's an enjoyable ride and should be good for keeping the anticipation at bay for next summers' The Avengers sequel.
0.6 The fans won't be disappointed by the lavish visual effects, the explosions and gun battles, all of which are the essential elements in this kind of super-cinema experience.
0.875 Often has something akin to the tone of a 1970s-era paranoid conspiracy thriller. Marrying the slam-bang adventure of a comic book with something more cerebral was a brilliant idea, one that is very entertainingly executed.
0.7 Arguably the studio's best sequel to date - a gripping and socially relevant continuation to its hero's cinematic evolution.
0.8 a super hero adventure grounded in reality that works on both levels, and a genuinely suspenseful story that harks back to the best of the Cold War thrillers
0.8 A timely narrative, deep exploration of fan-favorite characters, and unforgettable action set pieces make Captain America: The Winter Soldier one of Marvel's best.
0.7 The ninth film in the ever-growing Avengers series has a slightly problematic plot, and it provides more comfort than true thrills, but is most certainly a serviceable entertainment.
0.8 "Winter Soldier" is a nod to the great espionage films of the 1970s, movies like "3 Days of the Condor" and "The Parallax View," even going so far to bridge the two by casting "Condor" star Robert Redford as shady politician Alexander Pierce.
0.75 A superior sequel that, at the very least, stands shoulder-to-shoulder with its whizbang predecessor.
0.75 The banter between Chris Evans as Rogers and Scarlett Johansson's Nathasha Romanoff is a welcome antidote to superhero gravitas syndrome.
0.8 The performers ensure all the apocalyptic sparkle feels human. Thanks to their sense of committed purpose in making it personal, Captain America transcends patriotism and hits the universal.
0.75 Beneath its comic-book action trappings, the film is about Captain America's loss of innocence. He's 93 years old, and he comes of age.
0.8 Machinery collides, mega-fighting transpires, exciting car chases and even more exuberant car crashes aim right for your face. It's loud and, lucky you, designed for maximum impact (well, a PG-13 suggestion of impact, anyway; this isn't The Raid 2).
0.625 It takes a Captain America - level super bladder to make it through the film.
0.6 As the film moves into its final act, it gets a little too familiar, even a bit baggy. We're reminded that at its core this franchise of films is just a bunch of aw-shucks fun.
0.8 What's really great about 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' is that it feels like its own fully realized movie and not just a bridge to the next superhero extravaganza.
0.875 It wants to be serious, funny, jingoistic, independent-minded, poignant and a CGI fireworks show all at once in every scene. Even Michael Bay has a headache.
0.6 A film that functions just as nicely as a political thriller as it does as an action movie, and which arrives as a big, loud and highly polished dose of popcorn-munching fun.
0.6 If Captain America: The Winter Soldier is indeed an augur of things to come during this special-effects-laden summer, maybe it won't be such a painful season after all.
0.875 This is the first Marvel Studios movie since the original Iron Man that really stands on its own.
0.875 The most contemplative and challenging of the Avengers movies.
0.625 There's too much going on: the Marvel Universe stuff, the WikiLeaks-ish paranoia stuff, the video game-ish CG visual effects stuff, the epic John Woo-ish everybody-pointing-a-weapon-at-everybody-else face-off stuff.
0.7 The Winter Soldier represents the evolution of Captain America into a more complex character. He still kicks major ass and can throw that shield like a death Frisbee, but does he have enough courage to ask out the hot babe that lives next door?
0.35 The conspiracy plays out like the screenwriters read The Huffington Post after The PATRIOT Act but didn't know that TV's "Person of Interest" was already doing this.
0.7 We not only get an edgier, more complex, more compelling storyline, we get the most badass 95-year-old the world has ever known.
0.7 The movie's feel for urban warfare takes its cue, though not its severe, disturbing edge, from street-level spectacles like Heat and Ronin.
0.5 Fans of this franchise should expect more than a boilerplate action flick that brings absolutely nothing new to the genre.
0.875 Among comic-book films, it's up there with Batman Begins and Spider-Man 2 (the first).
0.6 Among Marvel's best.
0.8 A much-improved second outing with a few familiar faces along in his adventure.
0.2 There are too many complicated relationships and back stories of which to keep track.
1.0 Rivals Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" in complexity and scope in the way it looks at real-world issues through a deceptively simple comic book aesthetic.
0.8 That rarest of movie beasts - a sequel as good as the original.
0.75 This is a sequel that easily surpasses its predecessor by turning its previously dull hero into one with unexpected but logical depth.
0.5 By the time we've been treated to not just one, but two, mid-closing credits scenes that set up future "Avengers" movies, I was wishing they'd concentrate on telling one story capably instead of three or four not very well.
0.75 There's darkness and confusion just under its comic-book surface.
0.75 This film is unlikely to convert a non-Captain America lover into a fanatic but it's assembled with sufficient skill that those who enjoy this sort of motion picture will have a good time.
0.6 I was hoping for something special here.
0.875 The Winter Soldier will reaffirm your faith in big-budget moviemaking that can tell a politically balanced story.
0.75 "The First Avenger" was a work of art, while "The Winter Soldier" is serviceable entertainment.
0.875 A sizzling, stand-alone conspiracy that lights the fuse on the Marvel universe and actually retrofits "Iron Man 2's" clunkiest component parts.
0.75 The best kind of blockbuster comic-book movie, tweaking the brain while dazzling the eye.
0.875 The lack of green-screen laziness makes the red, white and blue workmanship pop out that much more.
0.75 Plot-wise, Winter Soldier makes for a more muscular movie than most Marvel-inspired mysteries.
0.75 His straightforward, human determination made 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger the best of the Avengers origin stories. The Winter Soldier, the best Marvel sequel, shows the guy's still got it.
0.5 "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" has the usual overlong running time, the half-hearted feints in the direction of human feeling and the obligatory action sequences that are big without being either exciting or particularly legible.
0.625 On paper this sequel has some promising elements, but on screen it retreats from the very issues that it raises, and on a shelf next to "Captain America: The First Avenger," "The Winter Soldier" is pale.
0.6 It remains a highlight of Marvel's bid for big-screen dominance, as well as a canny meditation on the perils of overprotective government agencies blithely swapping liberty and freedom for a tenuous sense of safety in a post-9/11 world.
0.75 "The Winter Soldier" is superbly made and well-acted, neatly setting up the next few installments with just the right enticing sense of ongoing mystery.
0.9 With all the superheroes running around here, The Winter Soldier feels like a mini-Avengers movie unto itself.
0.875 "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" is a very good movie, the rare film in this genre that serves as both entry point and continuation. For a change, you can walk in cold and you won't be too lost.
0.75 Powered by a dynamite Evans and a first-rate cast, this movie overcomes its plot holes and 3D too-muchness by making human frailty its primary focus.
1.0 Marvel Studios' answer to 'The Dark Knight' is tremendously entertaining and likely the superhero blockbuster to beat not just for 2014, but possibly many years to come.
0.875 "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" takes a flying leap off the basic premise of superhero movies and sails away in unexpected, crowd-pleasing directions.
0.5 Sometimes the Marvel universe isn't as Marvelous as we've come to expect. Might have been more enjoyable if there had been a compelling story to go along with all the sound and fury, Nick Fury.
0.625 The First Avenger's second outing is a third-rate conspiracy thriller, but Chris Evans and company give it their all.
0.75 For those invested in the Marvel superheroes, it ranks high up there. It's not The Avengers or Iron Man, but it's better than most of the rest of them.
0.9 A fresh Marvel adventure that stands high above its predecessor and even surpasses "The Avengers" in its technique and execution.
0.625 Though Captain America: The Winter Soldier never strays far from preposterousness, the picture's real-world implications give its high-flying action at least a tug of gravity.
0.875 Not only a big action movie, this one is a game-changer in the Marvel saga as well as meditation on what American ideals mean in the modern world.
0.75 The movie does its duty. It's a reliable commodity, delivered efficiently and well, like pizza.
0.75 There is the feeling that the expansive world of this ongoing Marvel saga is no longer spinning its wheels, but headed somewhere potentially fresh and exciting.
0.8 Kudos to the Russos and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely for stepping outside the constraints of both the genre and the shared history.
0.75 Fight scenes are tense, though occasionally it's hard to tell who's doing what to whom. But they have the bone-crunching crack of realism sometimes lacking in comic book movies.
0.8 Some of the subterfuge - who's trustworthy and who isn't - is relatively easy to mentally unravel, but thick tension and uncertainty remains the default mode of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
0.875 In his third outing as the Captain, Evans seems totally comfortable in the role. He manages to convey his character's goodness without making him seem like a self-righteous stiff.
0.7 The most effective standalone Marvel movie since the first Iron Man, and the most consistently entertaining since The Avengers.
0.8 Like Three Days of the Condor and The Bourne Identity jacked up on super serum
0.375 Despite one or two moments of Venture Brothers-worthy fancy, the film is as by-the-numbers as any this series has ever offered.
0.75 It may not offer anything new to the Marvel universe, but like the other films, it's highly entertaining and a lot of fun, making it worth the two-hour investment.
0.8 The people who made Captain America: The Winter Soldier, including the directors Anthony and Joe Russo, understood their calmly uncomplicated hero better than the people who made Man of Steel understood the similarly square Superman.
0.7 The new movie is surprising. It's rambunctious, funny, complex and engaging at the level of ideas.
0.6 Apart from slipping in a Danny Pudi cameo, [directors Anthony and Joe Russo] keep things funny and character driven. They even file gratuitous shout-outs to Marvin Gaye's 'Trouble Man' soundtrack.
0.8 As far as sequels besting original titles go, Captain America: The Winter Soldier makes The First Avenger look like that silly Cap adaptation from 1990.
0.8 A great international thriller, it engages the world at large yet stays focused as a sharp cast led by Scarlett Johansson, Anthony Mackie and Robert Redford support the star-spangled main man.
0.5 Deeply mediocre and ultra-predictable ...
0.625 While ''The Winter Soldier'' succeeds as finely engineered merchandise built to be crowd-pleasing entertainment, for moviegoers and shareholder alike, it has a shelf life that won't last much past its running time.
0.625 While Evans is still great in the role and it's nice that this superhero film is actually "about something," it lacks the heart of "Captain America" and the humor of "The Avengers."
0.8 This is a genuine delight, a smart film without so much of the CG filler these movies can often contain.
0.7 [...] The Winter Soldier smartly integrates a crisply orchestrated Marvel action movie with the paranoid thrillers of the 1970s, which were pegged to a mistrust of government and the shadow organizations that orbit it.
0.875 The movie has many quiet, insightful moments that lend gravity to the situation, as well as some clever fish-out-of-water character definition.
0.875 It advances the story and respects mythos of its comic book creations, yet isn't averse to taking risks and moving it into bolder directions.
0.6 Those in search of eye-popping, cliff-hanging spectacle won't be disappointed, but on a personal level (and post credits sequences aside) Joss Whedon this ain't.
0.8 Captain America: The Winter Soldier sees the talent (rookies or veterans) assembled firing on all cylinders, significantly upping the stake for the next phase of the MCU and showing why we still need "a little old fashioned."
0.6 For the most part, however, The Winter Soldier - though never as agreeably dusty as The First Avenger - tips its shield to older, less digitally engorged schools of suspense cinema.
0.6 The plotting is purposeful and the writing tidy.
0.8 From Scarlett Johansson's wonderfully sultry femme fatale Black Widow to Robert Redford's self-satisfied politician and Samuel L Jackson's tough and sardonic Nick Fury, the film benefits from performances that combine camp with conviction.
0.7 This is the Marvel movie that divides the fans from the casual filmgoers, as the movies become more like a TV series in which the world is saved from disaster every week.
0.6 Marvel fans will be left writhing with pleasure.
0.8 It is an exhilarating ride, expertly overseen by co-directors Anthony and Joe Russo.
0.8 The Marvel faithful will turn up for the action scenes, and the directors, brothers Anthony and Joe Russo, add an uncommon sharpness to sequences of urban warfare -- these Heat-grade bullet volleys have a real ping to them.
0.96 This sequel fully displays the exciting power that Marvel's Phase Two is capable of.
0.6 Thanks to Johansson, Jackson and Redford, this is all good fun. It's a shame the weak link is the Captain himself.
0.6 Robert Redford, laying aside Mr Liberal Sundance Nice Guy, lends sleek mischief to a dodgy Washington power-broker. Elsewhere, it's the box-office blend as before.
1.0 The result is a blockbuster with a brain and a superhero movie that feels ripped not from a comic book so much as today's headlines.
0.6 The Winter Soldier is consistently engaging, exciting in bursts, but there's not one point in which the film ever excels.
0.8 It may climax with an overly formulaic splurge, but The Winter Soldier benefits from an old-school-thriller tone that, for its first half at least, distinguishes it from its more obviously superheroic Marvel cousins.
0.4 Chris Evans' welcome return to the superhero fold can't save this sequel from feeling like an awkward franchise mid-point.
0.8 It boasts the best of Marvel's knowing wit and and one-liners, the grandest flex of its big-dollar action muscle, and crucially, some of the boldest plot developments yet seen in its cinematic canon.
0.7 The Winter Soldier (admittedly, the best of a recent batch) feels thoroughly unremarkable. That's what happens when you get too much of a just-okay thing.
0.9 Fundamentally, this is a superhero movie with something to say. In fact it's the first Marvel entry with a truly topical sting.
0.9 Be prepared for a game changer!
0.8 The second Captain America movie is a terrific, stand-alone thriller that delivers exciting action sequences and engaging characters wrapped up in a satisfying and cleverly resonant plot.
0.8 The most interesting Avengers film yet.
0.9 Captain America: The Winter Soldier is not a flawless picture, but its portrayal of heroism comes incredibly close to perfection.
0.75 It chooses to avoid the easy gags and go for stronger drama by having Cap confront something he really wasn't prepared for: A S.H.I.E.L.D. that seems to have lost its way, and may even have a few traitors buried deep inside it.
1.0 The film is everything anyone could want from a comic book movie, and will stand as one of the best of all time.
0.7 A tug-of-war between grit and goof
0.6 Exactly what we expect from Marvel now and, as such, this is the first film in its catalogue that doesn't feel particularly fresh or exciting.
0.9 The ninth installment in the Marvel cinematic universe, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is also perhaps its most intricately crafted.
0.8 With a string of gratifying action sequences, and a breakneck pace leavened by a frequently witty script, The Winter Soldier stands alone as a solidly entertaining blockbuster.
0.6 You can't help but feel disappointment that a film with a relatively spicy premise becomes, in the end, so risk-averse.
0.8 This sequel gives the flagging comic-book movie an adrenaline shot of relevance. You've got to hand it to them.
1.0 To that end, make sure you stay watching through the credits. Captain's orders.
0.8 Despite featuring three Avengers in lead roles, Captain America: The Winter Soldier feels tonally distinct from its Marvel forerunners, more spy thriller than superhero sequel.
0.8 Gains huge points by working as a standalone movie set in the world of espionage and world politics, different enough from previous Marvel movies to be more accessible for non-comic fans than anything Marvel's done thus far.
0.8 This entry won't win any new converts, but anyone already invested in this series is going to have a blast.
0.8 Every element in Captain America: The Winter Soldier from its strong characters, engrossing conspiracy storyline and especially the taut action scenes are brilliantly done.
0.4 Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
0.71 Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
0.75 Stylistically it's a beauty, with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score.
0.7 Awful deaths (and hysterical reactions to them) punctuate declarations of love and friendship, revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst.
0.8 Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal, Verhoevenesque atmosphere...
0.8 A wonderfully exciting, incredibly idiosyncratic actioner.
0.375 Maybe Battle Royale's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously.
1.0 Fukasaku's set pieces are dynamic, composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie's successor, 'The Hunger Games.'
0.8 Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem, violence and unfettered teen melodrama.
0.75 Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences.
1.0 It gets no points for subtlety, but this confronting, devastating, hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right.
1.0 A disturbing film to say the least, and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States.
1.0 A modern classic about the folly of violence.
0.8 Some will be uncomfortable or appalled, and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy, but this isn't a film you'll forget easily. And, seriously, what would you do?
0.8 Os intertitulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme, mas, de modo geral, a acao e muito bem conduzida e os personagens, satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos.
0.7 Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un veritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood.
0.4 The basic storyline just isn't very good, and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious, which quite simply isn't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this.
0.7 As twisted as it sounds, killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid, well, cinematic boredom.
0.8 BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored, and will not be easily forgotten...the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop.
0.4 'Battle Royale' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of 'reality TV'.
0.8 A hell of an action movie, an admission that makes me feel a little guilty.
0.8 Sharply written, bloody, and darkly funny, this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare.
0.75 Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage, I was able to stop considering it an important film, and start watching it as an entertaining one.
0.4 It's fascinating, tense and grisly... but a bit of a muddle really.
0.6 As usual, Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction, even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious.
0.8 This is a heart-stopping action film, teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline, teamwork, and determination, but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative, shockingly violent package.
0.75 Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief.
0.2 Scary and confusing tale of a dolphin following his dream.
0.4 Acaba revelando, em seu ato final, um esforco intrigante para surpreender o espectador, a esta altura, ja fomos obrigados a aguentar uma infinidade de dialogos desastrosos e sequencias frouxas de acao e pouco pode ser feito para salvar o filme.
0.3 Proefibikon prodiagrafon astynomiki peripeteia, me yperanalytiko epanalambanomeno senario anamenomenis plokis, tigka sta ftina kolpakia toy montaz gia petyhei ayto to cool binteoklipistiko
0.5 It's inexplicable that the filmmakers haven't given the stars many opportunities to pull out their celebrated skills en route to their inevitable head-on collision.
0.4 All together now: 'War! Hurgh! What is it it good for?'
0.2 Badly plotted, poorly directed action flick - it's no surprise this wasn't shown to critics before its release.
0.4 Like its leading men, War's got a few handy moves up its sleeve, but when the dust-ups clear it emerges underwritten and over-cranked.
0.166666666667 What is it good for? Absolutely nothing.
0.4 Li and Statham (and the audience) deserve better.
0.375 A cliff notes version of an action movie.
0.5 There is a lot of talent in front of the camera in this mess -- Statham, Li, Lone, Aoki, Luis Guzman, Saul Rubinek, and the always cool Sung Kang -- and they are all wasted. Those actors deserve a better movie. So does the audience.
0.4 First-time feature director Atwell clearly displays skills he picked up directing videos for Eminem and 50 Cent.
0.4 The story is threadbare...
0.625 If you want action and a convoluted plot, there's no need to wreak havoc. Let Jason Statham and Jet Li do that for you in "War."
0.3 This assignment may have provided Statham a decent payday, but it's not his shining hour.
0.5 Not exactly the Jet Li/Jason Statham battle royale we had been promised.
0.4 If it weren't for the last act, the film would have ended up being just as functional as any cheesy action film from the 80s.
0.375 Rent a John Woo movie instead.
0.25 Not so much a narrative as a barrage of violent images designed to beat the brain into abject surrender.
0.375 There isn't enough humor in the script and not enough style in the direction by newcomer Philip G. Atwell. A few plot twists keep things interesting, but the best ones come long after anyone could possibly care.
0.3 Building to a climactic twist as arbitrary as it is unsatisfying, WarK ties itself in knots trying to bring something new to a stale formula. It's never painful to watch, but that's only because it provokes no feeling at all.
0.4 Most regrettably, War squanders the considerable merits of its leads.
0.25 No one who's witnessed any of the graceful yet blistering combat in the Bourne movies should stand for action sequences that look like they've been edited by an Uzi.
0.5 could suffice as entertainment in a lot of low-expectation venues
0.3 If you've seen the trailer, then you've already seen a much more entertaining version of War.
0.25 War, what is it good for? Unh! Absolutely nothin'!
0.625 This isn't great cinema, but it adequately fills a niche. Those who like their action loud and bloody won't be disappointed. There's a high body count and lots of explosions and, for some, that's what this is all about.
0.375 War is largely a yawner.
0.57 A generic action flick made much worse by a couple of ridiculous plot twists that are disingenuous and a total rip-off, ruining what little fun it otherwise would have been.
0.375 War is the Heat of cheesy Ameri-Euro-Asian kung-fu cop-crook movies.
0.625 It all looks pretty good, and delivers exactly what it promises.
0.4 Statham and Li never really fight, except for thirty seconds or so of half-hearted punches.
0.75 All-the-way-through good, from explosive start to bloody finish, without so much as a momentary lag in the action or the story.
0.6 Sound effects: blam! blam! blam! blam, blam! blam! blam! blam! blam!!! -- well, you get the picture.
0.375 Li...spends most of his time shooting a gun with what are usually much more ingeniously employed hands.
0.375 It's the ultimate showdown between cliche and more cliche.
0.5 ...War's relentlessly over-the-top visuals and hopelessly convoluted storyline ensure that it generally comes off as yet another needless entry within an exceedingly tired genre.
0.25 An irrelevant, joyless bore.
0.8 Stunningly beautiful, but too intense for little kids.
0.625 The very definition of harmless, watchable entertainment. Exactly whether or not that is good enough depends on who you are.
0.75 It's that rare kind of comedy -- simple humor based on personalities, behavior, and folly .... rather than forced through crass punchlines or annoying sidekicks.
0.7 As with The Bear much of the plot is carried by animal photography, though this film has considerably more human plot. A good family film, and a moving experience.
0.6 It's undoubtedly good-natured, old-fashioned family entertainment, but Two Brothers never quite manages to strike a successful balance between fantasy and reality.
0.75 The kind of movie that kids used to flock to on Saturday afternoons in the forties and fifties.
0.75 Although the lulled pacing of Two Brothers could put an insomniac in slumber land, the film's leading felines are more captivating than most high-paid Hollywood stars.
0.875 Watching Kumal and Sangha, some viewers may even be reminded of lines from Blake's famous poem 'The Tyger': 'What immortal hand or eye/Could frame thy fearful symmetry?'
0.625 Teems with life and a rather beautiful simplicity when Annaud focuses squarely on the tiger cubs - but then the humans come crashing in to make a mess of things.
0.5 I was put off by the way the movie anthropomorphizes the tigers.
0.875 Please take your family to see this rare and marvelous movie.
0.4 The tigers are roaring but the movie is boring
0.8 [It's] a marvel of filmmaking.
0.75 This film is a pure delight and is great viewing for young and old alike.
0.75 Two Brothers features some amazing wildlife cinematography and those great, almost human performances by the thirty or so tigers that were used to make the film.
0.5 There's something awfully disturbing about Two Brothers, and it's not the fact that Guy Pearce is in it.
0.625 The rare family film that doesn't talk down to audiences, yet never as gripping or moving as one anticipates.
0.625 The tiger cub actors are really precious. The same can't be said of the human actors or the script.
0.875 Yes, the animals are the stars. But there's nothing cutesy about "Two Brothers," an often saddening but entertaining tale with tigers as its stars.
0.6 Pearce and the rest of the human actors seem to be an afterthought, but the film is beautiful, the grown tigers majestic and the cubs utterly adorable.
0.6 The movie can be taken as quality children's entertainment ... But the film offers much more than that.
0.75 Impeccably well-crafted, kid-friendly and downright cuddly.
0.5 A beautiful film, but it's also a troubled one.
0.625 Two Brothers may not be a great movie, but it's an unusually diverting episode of Wild Kingdom.
0.4 Brothers can't avoid the sappy Disney touches -- even though it comes from Universal.
0.625 You don't have to be a cat-lover to fall in love with the cuddly young tigers who star in Two Brother.
0.75 Although special effects and careful editing pitch in, the wild-kingdom authenticity on display is an astonishing achievement.
0.5 It is a good thing the tigers at the center of Two Brothers give such strong performances. Without them, the movie would be a lifeless bore.
0.625 Two Brothers is the kind of movie that makes me optimistic for the future of family films.
0.75 Whenever Annaud focuses on the tigers, the wordless action is beautifully shot and amazing to watch.
0.9 A magnificent spectacle that transcends movie genres.
0.7 Two Brothers is not as brilliant as Annaud's triumphant 1989 nature film The Bear, but it is still a magical family adventure.
0.75 An enjoyable, Kipling-esque adventure.
0.75 One of the better live-action, family-oriented dramas in recent memory.
0.625 There is a lot in Two Brothers I admire. Families will not go wrong in attending this film. Some kids will think it's one of the best movies they've seen. My objections are of a sort that won't occur, I realize, to many of the viewers.
0.75 The human behavior in Brothers remains problematic, but the tiger siblings of the title rule the screen each time they appear.
0.6 Jean-Jacques Annaud finds what comes across as genuine emotion and complex thought processes in the beautiful faces of his lead stars.
0.625 The Bear was a little too cutesy for my taste, but director Jean-Jacques Annaud gets the tone right this time.
0.75 As he did with The Bear, Annaud captures expressions on the animals' faces, distinct looks in their eyes: fear, resignation, love, contentment, rage.
0.5 It doesn't help the actors that the tigers have all the good lines.
0.75 Forget about all those fake CGI critters that have become the norm as of late ... Annaud's approach is so retro that it's practically progressive.
0.6 Loses its 'family film' lustre with all the tiger killing/cruelty, but manages to redeem itself in the end...recommended only as a rental.
0.5 Works best when showing the animals in nature, not dwelling on the cruelty they are forced to endure. There's an awful lot of tiger killing for an animal-lover movie.
0.625 It's either a children's movie for adults or an adult movie for children, with scenes to dazzle kids and others that could make them fidgety, though never to 'I wanna go hoooomme' extremes.
0.6 If you're familiar with [Annaud's] previous work you can accurately guess this venture's strengths and weaknesses.
0.9 When it comes to live-action animal dramas, no one does them quite like Jean-Jacques Annaud.
0.875 Director Jean-Jacques Annaud has done it again--a film that delights, saddens, gives hope and fully captures the spirit of the majestic tiger.
0.6 A family-friendly movie made for the same audience that likes to imagine talking animals.
0.625 It's refreshing to see an animal movie in which the animals don't talk, sing or cooperate in the marketing of fast-food restaurants.
0.75 [A] spectacularly beautiful movie.
0.7 While The Bear was an admirable, simple, straightforward drama, Two Brothers has more the flavor of a childhood fable.
0.8 Two Brothers feeds your hunger for PETA-friendly entertainment without sending you into a diabetic coma.
0.75 Virtuoso examples of manipulative editing and fabricated narrative.
1.0 It's an unabashed feel-good film, but a surprisingly intelligent one that honestly earns each smile and every tender moment.
0.75 The animal action is often gripping and suspenseful.
0.875 There's something simple yet miraculous about watching these beautiful animals interact with the wild and each other, even if their actions are being manipulated for the sake of drama.
0.7 Anyone older than 12 can figure out what's going to happen, but the movie still packs an emotional punch that will keep adults entertained as much as the young ones.
0.625 Two Brothers is OK, but not the family friendly fare you think it is.
0.75 A fine example of one of cinema's most endangered species -- an animal movie with a great script.
1.0 An extraordinary film about two wild tigers and the human beings who are changed irreparably by their encounters with these magnificent and mysterious creatures.
0.75 Two Brothers is like a children's book come to life, and it's this summer's "family film" to beat.
0.7 if you sided more with the tiger in the Siegfried and Roy mauling, this is definitely the film for you.
0.6 Animal-loving kids will think it's lovely, but it's only a mildly diverting time-waster for the rest of us.
0.7 A stunning, visually spectacular fable - and those wondrous little tiger cubs are irresistible.
0.7 Its dramatic success seems to derive largely from putting the inhabitants of separate worlds into a context where both belong.
0.75 A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it.
0.7 The actors play it straight, clearly aware that the tigers are the stars.
0.6 For fans of swordplay, Kyoto Inferno provides plenty of one-on-one standoffs, meaty-but-elegant mass slashings and even a whiff of courtly love.
0.6 A picture that thrives in its unique subverting of the typical action hero.
0.4 It's entertaining in parts, but wildly overlong and narratively ill-disciplined.
0.4 An 80-minute B-picture stifled under an extra hour's worth of expensive production design.
0.8 Great aerial stunts, good period atmosphere, and compelling story with Redford in good form.
0.5 ...suffers from many of the same problems that one tends to associate with low-budget efforts of this ilk...
0.6 The main problem here is there is no one to root for
0.4 An uneasy mix of bloodshed and sentimentality that rarely digs beneath the surface of gang mentality, much less its specific place within Asian American culture.
0.6 A guilty pleasure film that is more fun than it deserves to be.
0.6 Colombiana contains some thrilling scenes as well as an interesting sense of twisted humor, but there's not enough here to really keep us engaged.
0.375 Laugh out loud exploitation...See Zoe shoot. See Zoe kill. See Zoe strip (PG-13 style)
0.4 Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza.
0.625 With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events.
0.625 Ranks as one of the more eco- and econ-friendly projects of recent memory, what with producer/co-writer Luc Besson recycling many elements from his prior successes.
0.5 The action set pieces are elaborately staged and sometimes exciting, but the dull script, overcooked direction and wonky editing damage this otherwise enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 A fast-paced tale of revenge, 'Colombiana' is a better-than-average actioner made all the more interesting by its female lead. Zoe Saldana ('Star Trek' and 'Avatar') follows the path of 'Hanna' and 'Salt' as a tough-as-nails assassin.
0.375 The latest disappointing actioner from producer Luc Besson...
0.6 click for full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Overall, the movie has enough clever chases, break-ins, and escapes -- not to mention a sweet, small tragic romance -- to make it worthwhile, but this isn't one of Besson's stronger efforts.
0.2 Colombiana has one true asset -- the seminude sight of its star, Zoe Saldana -- and milks it for everything it's worth.
0.4 A cynical mash-up of Besson's Leon and Nikita, though without their depth of character or emotional warmth.
0.4 Half the dialogue between these dirtbags is devoted to her near-invisibility, and all of it's awful: "She's like mist," apparently.
0.4 You'll find yourself laughing, then realise that it's not meant to be funny.
0.4 Even the talented Saldana can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear - much less a dog's dinner.
0.4 Occasionally enjoyable in a silly way, but I have to say Besson's preoccupation with the little-girl-becomes-killer trope is looking a little unwholesome.
0.4 Saldana has star quality and action chops but the script is laughable and boring.
0.6 Colombiana wants to be Bourne with boobs, but its connect-the-dots narrative and silted script means it can't quite reach those bone-crunching heights.
0.4 A far-fetched disappointment considering it was co-written by Luc Besson, the director of Leon.
0.5 It makes virtually no sense if you think about it, and the writing and direction are mostly incoherent. But it's also guilty good fun.
0.5 The movie delivers slam-bang action, so much so that we're reminded that movies have to MOVE to carry us along, and with 'Columbiana,' we're along for the ride, baby.
0.4 Tiresome and unconvincing.
0.4 With no sense of humour and long lulls between action, director Megaton appears primarily concerned with coming up with as many different ways as possible of getting Saldana down to her skimpies.
0.4 Poorly directed and badly written, this is a disappointing and increasingly bloated thriller that fails to sustain any actual thrills, despite a decent early set piece and a solid turn from Zoe Saldana.
0.625 The promise of the borderline-priceless early scenes with Amandla Stenberg as the 10-year-old Cataleya aren't quite fulfilled by the more predictable set pieces with the adult assassin.
0.4 ... predictable from first frame to last.
0.2 Colombiana, despite its many explosions and some howlingly wooden dialogue, is an eminently forgettable actioner.
0.4 The movie is like a lady who can't choose between two suitors: the campy and fun one, or the serious and cliche one.
0.5 A generic time killer that doesn't leave any kind of lasting impression.
0.75 Director Olivier Megaton has mastered the art of balancing absurdity with conviction, both in his montages and his choices on the soundtrack.
0.5 Saldana is in a Jolie mood and shows what a tough gal she can be. What we never get is enough knowledge of her character.
0.5 Wrapped in B-movie trappings from its cliched script and implausible scenarios to less than thrilling action, the best thing Colombiana has going for it is the lovely Ms. Saldana, who deserves much better than this.
0.625 Colombiana isn't the last word in action movies, but it's a fun ride.
0.5 Megaton blows things up, demolishes a fruit market, and throws in some parkour foot-chases as if he's completing a checklist.
0.625 Colombiana isn't completely dreadful, if you ignore the holes in its Swiss cheese of a plot.
0.375 When shortly into the film, Cataleya is escaping from a jail cell through an unsecured ventilation vent large enough for a person to easily fit through and that leads to the outside, I knew we were in trouble.
0.625 Luc Besson's pulp-fiction assembly line churns out another adequate ass-kicker with Colombiana, which boasts many of the French producer-director's favorite tropes.
0.6 Oozing female empowerment, acrobatic Zoe Saldana is the new action star to watch.
0.375 It desperately wants us to feel for Cataleya's lonely lot in life, especially when it trots out Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt." But if it can't even spell the word "personal" correctly in its end credits, how can it possibly understand the definition?
0.2 There's a reason this clunker is being buried at the end of August and wasn't screened for most critics -- it shouldn't screen for most audiences either.
0.55 There have been some successes in the last few years following Besson's formula of stale dialogue, light character and strong action. But there have been far more misses than hits. Colombiana doesn't even stand out among those.
0.5 Deprived of details, Megaton expects us to subsist on action alone, but it's not enough to fill the void left by the absence of story.
0.625 The best way to describe the action packed film 'Colombiana' is to say to that it's mindless, unpretentious, very stylized, and entertaining. It's your typical B film brought to the big screen by the power and influence of Luc Besson.
0.5 escapism as exaggeration
0.125 Luc Besson keeps ralphing up scripts about beautiful lady killers, but that doesn't mean you have to keep seeing them.
0.6 Zoe Saldana makes being an action hero look so easy in "Colombiana," you have to wonder why more actresses don't try it.
0.5 Luc Besson has decided to make one for the girls.
0.5 There's little to no care paid to anything outside of three or four action sequences -- and those will look just as good on home video. In five weeks.
0.625 This is a showy flower of an action film. Saldana doesn't get much of a chance to emote, but her action skills blossom.
0.4 There are some early comic moments that have you laughing along with the movie, but eventually the clashing tones and preposterousness just have you laughing.
0.7 All killers should look this good doing their dirty work. It'd be a better world.
0.7 Is Saldana the new Schwarzenegger, only leaner, meaner and much better looking in spandex? I think so.
0.75 Along with a spectacularly physical performance by Zaldana, Colombiana features some of the best frame-for-frame shots you will see this year.
0.7 As a solidly entertaining piece of trashy exploitation its only drawback is a PG-13 rating.
0.5 While most action films fall apart because they succumb to stupidity, Colombiana suffers most because it tries to be too smart.
0.625 For the most part, it's all big and silly, but at least it's enjoyably staged and crafted.
0.8 The narrative structure is a little shaky at times, and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them, but my goodness it's compelling.
0.6 It's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities
0.6 Often poetic, but lacks dramatic punch.
0.6 The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools, traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines.
0.6 It's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be, but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping.
0.7 Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai (In the Mood for Love) to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop.
0.8 The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it.
0.8 Wong Kar-wei's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around, as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man.
0.6 The sheer class of the production ensures that it's not entirely ruined by its flaws.
0.6 It's suffused with emotional repression and it's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic.
0.6 As a film-maker, Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre, style and mannerism. It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work.
0.8 It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema, but that's almost certainly enough to recommend it.
0.6 This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant, occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form.
0.6 Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur, celebrating the elegance of combat, rather than the brutality.
0.7 This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I don't know. I was very interested about all this north, south the various elements of Kung Fu. I learned stuff from the film.
0.7 Tony Leung's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film, but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er, and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role, especially in the later scenes.
0.2 An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats. Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot.
0.7 It is rich, distinctive and lush, as you would expect, although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming.
0.4 In the absence of genuine profundity, but with dazzling craft on frequent display, his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure.
0.4 As commendable as Wong's film is at visualizing things, it's far less proficient at contextualizing them.
0.6 Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it's standing still.
0.6 The American version is beautiful and moody, and it is muddy in expression, but probably worth seeing anyway.
0.9 Wong Kar Wai has something slow, lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man (Tony Leung), the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee. He offers a chance to dream in kung fu.
0.7 A complete surprise. Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance.
0.5 The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee.
0.87 ...closer in tone to an art movie, an exercise in pure cinema, than it is a chopsocky extravaganza
0.875 The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong's body of work, a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament. This one just happens to have kung fu, too.
0.4 An emotional moving, thrilling and provocative drama that's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling.
0.75 More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand, the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love.
0.6 [Wong Kar-wai] is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man's difficult life, and a ballet out of the many action sequences.
0.875 Martial arts, resonant themes, and lush visuals make a well-rounded package
0.6 He's typically more show than tell, but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling.
0.8 It ranks with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens.
0.75 You leave this deeply flawed, deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action.
0.7 I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now. And it's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it.
0.625 Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master. A master of character - deep, rich, truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster, he is not.
0.625 [W]e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be.
0.5 Beautiful but troubled, achieving in stretches the director's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions.
0.75 Granted, "The Grandmaster" is not a primer on Chinese philosophy. Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans.
0.75 As a kung fu film, "The Grandmaster," with its exhilarating fighting sequences, won't disappoint. As a Wong Kar-wai film, it rates high.
0.875 Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art. His "The Grandmaster" is a picture of staggering beauty.
0.75 The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts, but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision.
0.625 "The Grandmaster" is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating, sensuous, even sublime. To that end, "The Grandmaster" doesn't disappoint.
0.4 The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools, failing as both a biography and an action film.
1.0 A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga, a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism.
0.875 You don't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by "The Grandmaster," the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man's early life by director Wong Kar Wai.
0.75 Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations, the tastefully bittersweet "Grandmaster" puts us in the mood for more.
0.625 Fans of Wong's esthetic will no doubt lap it up, as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features, while Chang Chen, cast here as a character called The Razor, makes his third appearance.
0.75 It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong.
0.875 It's a terrific film, and it's a lot of fun.
0.25 This super-serious, horribly-told story may focus on kung fu, but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold.
0.5 It's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie.
0.875 More than anything, perhaps, The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that, at least in this cut, seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er...
1.0 One of the best films of 2013. Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic: he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China, with orchids, opium, crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s
0.7 The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action.
0.6 The Grandmaster is languorous, lovely, and familiar to admirers of Wong's past work. It also feels out of balance with what's come before, even when the film doubles back for more action scenes.
0.6 Wong Kar Wai is one of the world's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing. Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script.
0.75 Yip Man lives!
0.6 The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy, disjointed pseudo-biopic, one that loses interest in its subject halfway through.
0.7 Somber, stylized and visually stunning
0.5 Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing, Wong Kar-wai's latest movie offers a hybrid that's hard to decipher.
0.75 A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see.
0.625 Ip Man's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers. Wong builds upon it, establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan, Ip Man's home city in southern China.
0.625 There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's new film, The Grandmaster, that are as gorgeous as anything you'll see on a screen this year, or perhaps this decade.
0.75 Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars, and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography.
0.8 this is one filmmaker so talented that, even when he's manipulated, he's amazing
0.5 With so many years spent on it, Wong should have been able to see that the structure wasn't coming together and that his characters needed further work.
0.8 Wong's genius for overheated, overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s.
0.72 Despite its problems, The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies.
0.8 You'll feel decadent enjoying it, but everything is so tasty, it would be foolish to object.
0.75 An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography, though the second component pales in comparison with the first.
0.8 However much history informs this movie, "The Grandmaster" is, at its most persuasive, about the triumph of style.
0.7 Virtually incomprehensible, but a beautiful mess.
0.6 An exquisite-looking, fitfully moving drama from the director of "In the Mood for Love."
0.2 How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull?
0.6 Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work; there's a pretty dullness here that shouldn't be confused for mastery.
0.625 It's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man.
0.625 Lovely, well-acted with great set pieces, but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope
0.625 The film, more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films, is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator's head.
0.7 The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully. Despite its camera work being clean and crisp, the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced.
0.7 There's a genuine sophistication, both technically and thematically, to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance.
0.7 Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought.
0.875 The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories.
0.75 Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life.
0.6 The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love... intense and understandably moving. It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest.
0.7 Fun, up to a point, but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific, with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare.
0.625 It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema.
0.875 It's not a new idea, that violence destroys everyone, no matter the 'righteousness' of their cause. But it's one worth relearning.
0.375 While there's no denying that Park has strong visual skills, his content so far is in appalling bad taste.
0.5 There's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction, but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths.
0.75 Park's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents.
0.5 Promises to be a stylish, resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks.
0.625 It's all a little ultra-cool for me. Shakespeare was right. Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold, not cool.
0.75 Park pays most of his attention to visceral style, but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable.
0.25 So bloody, scatologically violent and consistently shocking, it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim.
0.4 Two hours that didn't entertain much, thrill much or do much of anything...much.
0.625 Somehow you'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he didn't seem to be having such a good time making it.
0.86 SFMV is a cinematic tour de force, if an unrelentingly cruel one.
0.75 An intense, viscerally charged thriller that stays with you.
0.7 Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy.
0.8 It's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park's even more audacious Oldboy (2003) are clearly evident.
0.75 You'll likely be repulsed by much of Park's vision, but, as somebody once said: no pain, no gain.
0.875 You can't look away, not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed, but because the director sucks you into his bleak, poetic, even sensible vision of cosmic brutality.
0.75 Lucidly [explores] the grey-area complexities of guilt, morality, and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution.
0.9 Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years.
0.4 vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext
0.8 Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor.
0.4 There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability.
1.0 Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecaveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park, este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima.
0.4 The end result is a forgettable movie, notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting.
0.375 A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary.
0.875 These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind, shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination. Even beauty.
0.625 There's no flow or rhythm, and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing.
0.8 Brutally nihilistic, this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time.
0.6 A simplistic affair with no delusions of anything beyond B-movie fun.
0.65 Doesn't have the gritty feel of 'Terminator' or the sleek cutting edge of technology look of 'Judgment Day,' but it's a decent addition to the Terminator mythos.
0.3 There are bad sequels that still work as movies, basically. T3 doesn't even do that: it isn't a good action film, and isn't a good science fiction film.
0.8 Basically one long, exciting chase scene.
0.75 With splashy digital effects and punchy stuntwork, the solid T3 slides along enjoyably, but doesn't have the impeccable story and visual design of the previous entry.
0.68 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is without a doubt the weakest entry in an otherwise beloved trilogy, but let's be honest, T3 was doomed from the very day franchise creator James Cameron decided to pass on it.
0.4 T3 has the sour, depressive vibe of an untested director submitting to a predetermined mythology not his own.
0.75 That Rise of The Machines is a genuinely good, thoughtful action flick has to register as a surprise...
0.625 The Terminator franchise has developed to the point where simple genre pleasures just aren't enough.
0.5 '... T3 [is] a tease, and not a very good one at that.'
0.75 Until the gutsy ending, there doesn&#8217;t seem to be much of a reason for this movie to have been made. And damn if it&#8217;s not fun to watch.
0.6 Maybe it's time to terminate the series for good.
0.7 ...entertaining for the moment, exciting, even exhilarating in parts, but ultimately it's an empty exercise in fuss and bother that leaves one strangely dissatisfied.
0.75 'Mostow logra una cinta llena de accion, con buenos efectos especiales que no decepciona ni al mas clavado fanatico de la franquicia.'
0.85 Easily the most satisfying action film of a year overloaded with disappointing sequels.
0.7 Mostow makes the movie zip, and just because it isn't Deep Thoughts doesn't mean it isn't enjoyable.
0.25 What sickness in the filmmakers inspired them to go ahead and make this TV movie sludge instead of doing some kind of stab at creating the feel of a "Terminator" film?
0.8 It's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action.
0.6 Em retrospecto, acaba prejudicando seus antecessores.
0.875 It left me feeling giddy like a kid at a carnival.
0.6 It's a slick, smooth and indeed explosive instalment, but it has neither the spit and polish of T2 nor the grittiness of the cult hit T1.
0.875 ...Cameron set an incredibly high standard for this series, and Mostow has to be commended for staying true to the themes and ideas established in the first two flicks...
0.75 Jonathan Mostow's T3 is a spectacular addition to the franchise.
0.4 A chaotic mess, saddled with its own utter meaninglessness and afflicted by the need to be bigger-better-faster-more.
0.9 Sporting sequences that make the Matrix Reloaded and Hulk feel like Sunday morning cheesefest cartoons, it's a blockbuster that'll leave you begging for more
0.8 A worthwhile return to the saga, but more importantly, it's just darn good fun to see Arnie back in action.
0.875 When you leave the theater, you'll be pumped full of adrenaline without a hint of the buyer's remorse that you've felt so often this summer.
0.625 A skillful but spiritless thrill machine, T3 makes a good case for why James Cameron and company perhaps didn't envision a trilogy.
0.6 I can't say it made me anxious for another sequel. Pragmatically speaking, however, a T4 might serve to keep Arnold on the screen and out of politics. Now, there's something to be said for that.
0.8 Highly superfluous, but equally entertaining. Terminator fans, we got lucky with this one - I doubt we'll be so fortunate when the aging Arnold eventually creaks his way through T4: HIP REPLACEMENT DAY
0.625 However - as good as the effects and stunts are - "T-3" is lacking a really great story line to balance out the film.
0.6 Now, The Terminator is a Governor I could rally around!
0.75 ... satisfying.
0.8 I don't know if the film's relentless violence and gore will help Schwarzenegger's nascent campaign for governor of California, but all the action should please the many Terminator fans.
0.75 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines tells the simple yet compelling story of a very old piece of equipment that refuses to go away. Its name is Arnold Schwarzenegger, and, as famously promised, he's back, and at his anticharismatic best, too.
0.875 In the action department, James Cameron is a God. So save for a few choice fanatics, Jonathan Mostow could then be Jesus.
0.6 A lean, efficient, amusing action picture, T3 isn't a patch on its predecessors, but delivers polished genre entertainment nonetheless.
0.9 Terminator 3 has guts.
0.5 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines unfolds as a thrilling piece of entertainment, but it has a third act and ending that don't work and shouldn't ever work.
0.875 In terms of summer movie action, Terminator 3 kicks The Matrix Reloaded's ***.
0.875 Among the minefield of paradoxes and contradictions in 'Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines,' one strikes with deadly accuracy: This is a summer sequel Stanley Kubrick would have loved.
0.75 The sequel expands on the nature of fate that the previous pictures explored so well, culminating in a rather bold third act where saving the day takes on a more unconventional meaning.
0.8 Un vrai film d'ete, efficace et divertissant.
0.7 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines overhauls the original straight-faced tone of the series and tries hard to deliver the granddaddy of popcorn films.
0.6 A strong cast and new director Jonathan Mostow's chaotic sense of action keep this hard-to-terminate saga moving forward with at least a few of the old guns blazing.
0.5 A well-made but empty spectacle that is missing dread, thrills, and, most importantly, variation.
0.7 there's more that works here, than doesn't. Arnie, The script, the cast, the pulsating music score, the direction....there's a lot to be proud of.
0.5 A sizable quotient of the movie's target audience just wants to see stuff destroyed, and in that regard Rise of the Machines won't disappoint.
0.8 Blatantly opportunistic sequel has plot holes, logic problems, minimal innovation ... and a fistful of block-rockin' action.
0.75 This juiced-up futuristic fable is delightfully on maximum overdrive and Arnold S. does what he does best-deliver his brand of robotic ribaldry with the precision of an extremely well-oiled machine.
0.375 "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines" might be considered just as damaging to Arnold Schwarzenegger's impending political career as Watergate was for Nixon's.
0.9 A big fun love letter to the first two movies, and worth the wait. But I am a sucker for the Terminator.
0.75 Terminator 3 breaks the third-strike mold thanks to a pair of talented young actors, high-octane action sequences and an aging Austrian who can still hold his own.
0.75 ...a sturdy, reliable entry in the Arnold Schwarzenegger science-fiction series -- a lot like the stomping cyborg the star plays.
0.75 It's a sick kick to watch der Arnold battle a Swiss Army knife shaped like a Maxim cover girl.
0.67 What you make of it depends pretty much entirely on whether or not you can deal with a movie as lopsidedly one-dimensional as this one.
0.75 Arnold is at the top of his game in Terminator 3.
0.75 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines may lack the mythic pow of the 1984 original and the visionary thrill of T2, but it's a potent popcorn movie that digs in its hooks and doesn't let go until an ending that ODs on apocalyptic hoo-ha.
1.0 The coolest summer blockbuster you could wish for!
0.75 ... the newest installment of "The Terminator" aims at nothing less than propelling the franchise in a new direction... better than the original "Terminator" in everything but concept.
0.5 The only real novelty this time is the gender twist added to the central conflict, with a male hero menaced by a female android.
1.0 Terminator 3; Rise of the Machines is friggin' awesome!
0.625 Mostow's done a competent job; but before you get all excited, let's not confuse the word "Competent" with the words "Complex," "Credible," or even "Complete."
0.5 T3 is like an epic from days gone by - they should prop up Arnold on a giant Sphinx next to Elizabeth Taylor and roll them through ancient Egypt together.
0.75 Hey, he SAID he'd be baaahck.
0.75 Unlike the first two movies, this one doesn't bear the directorial mark of James Cameron, but it still manages to deliver heart-pounding suspense and dark science-fiction vision of a world destroyed.
0.5 There's a flat feeling about this effort that's unmistakable and inescapable.
0.75 Director Jonathan Mostow doesn't try to incorporate the high-wire special effects now in vogue, and T3's impressive gravity-bound set pieces seem refreshingly rooted in reality.
0.875 A smashing example of bravura filmmaking.
0.7 This is the filmed equivalent of fan fiction -- consistently mindful of a mythos from which it dares not deviate.
0.75 If Rise of the Machines never feels as essential as the first two movies, it doesn't feel like a rip-off, either.
0.625 T3 is easily the loudest film ever made. It's also the best $175 million B-movie in history, a distinction that rings as hollow as you might expect.
0.75 In the end this third entry leaves you thinking. And a little disturbed.
0.625 A pretty decent thrill ride.
0.625 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines achieves neither the cult tang of the original nor the spectacular melding of FX to a gripping story that T2 did so well.
0.5 Terminator 3 does a reasonable job of generating suspense from time to time, but the emotional involvement does not reach nearly the same level as the previous films.
0.625 What is missing from Terminator 3 is the relentless inventiveness Cameron brought to the first two Terminator films.
0.4 Maybe they should've sent a robot back in time to force Cameron and company to direct this film.
0.625 T3 should satisfy most action junkies. The various chases, explosions and wrecks are a paean to the efforts of the stunt and effects personnel.
0.875 Endlessly riveting, bolstered with comic relief but by no means perfect.
0.875 Jonathan Mostow stays true to the '80s popcorn actioner opus here both in storytelling and style, yet his updated special effects add a subtly modern element to the pic.
0.4 What starts as familiarity in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines quickly becomes diminishing returns.
0.7 This doesn't make a lot of sense, but who needs plot continuity when there's Claire Danes?
0.4 They made a clone, but left behind the soul -- T3 is T2 without the heart, spirit, and humanity.
0.8 What has always made the Terminator movies stand out from other sci-fi/action flicks is the human drama and the fight against one's fate.
0.7 Certainly of a higher caliber than many of the assembly-line sequels we're often presented with but clearly missing that technological awe that came with Ts 1 and 2.
0.8 He said he'd be back and he is, with a bang, in another sequel that pays tribute to the first two films while delivering enough dazzling action sequences and droll wit to satisfy even the most demanding fans.
0.875 T3 director Jonathan Mostow delivers a high-energy barrage of special effects gee-wizardry that self-effacingly mimics Cameron's style.
0.5 There are spectacular car chases and countless firefights, but they feel perfunctory, predictable and devoid of context.
0.8 An expertly paced and efficient sci-fi thrill machine, 'T3' effectively marries impressive action sequences with persuasive storytelling and its star's uniquely appealing style of 'No' drama -- as in no reaction, no expression, no emotion of any kind.
0.75 I went into the screening not exactly looking forward to the idea of a "T3" and emerged two hours later eager for a "T4".
0.625 Essentially one long chase and fight, punctuated by comic, campy or simplistic dialogue.
0.6 Director Jonathan Moscow and screenwriters John Brancato and Michael Ferris pack the film with muscular action sequences, but the human factor provided by Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor is sorely missed.
0.6 T3 is easily the funniest of the three films, no small achievement when you have Ah-nold playing a cyborg who cracks wise like Joe Clark at a celebrity roast.
0.875 A summer behemoth that actually lives up to its potential.
0.625 Holds our interest but lacks the punch of its predecessors.
0.5 T3 isn't so much a sequel as it is a spoof.
0.625 Terminator 3 moves at not-quite-breakneck speed, and the shape-shifting, metal-melting special effects aren't exactly spectacular.
0.625 Several significant plot holes prove a frustrating and unnecessary distraction from (this) exhilarating, ante-upping...otherwise worthy series-fulfilling successor...
0.625 The pleasures of this text reside almost completely in the sensation that we're watching an extremely well-funded kid playing with toy cars and action figures in a toy city.
0.6 Like the latest Matrix, this is a movie too wrapped up in explosions and fights and chases to say anything coherent.
0.5 T3 is so petrified by its predecessors' conventions that it moves a little like the Terminator himself, with monstrous rigidity and stiff-legged deliberation.
0.75 Writers John Brancato and Michael Ferris turn what could have been an exploitative knock-off into a saga's logical progression.
0.4 Terminator 3 is essentially a B movie, content to be loud, dumb and obvious.
0.25 Terminator 2 wrapped things up so thoroughly and in such a satisfying way that all this witless, plodding rehash can do is tell the same story again, a lot less skillfully.
0.875 The popcorn movie of summer '03.
0.75 Terminator 3 is the summer movie of 2003 that hard-core action fans have been awaiting.
0.8 Rise of the Machines works not just as a strong, credible sequel to one of the best sci-fi franchises but as a great popcorn movie on its own.
0.75 T3 is not just a rare example of a worthy sequel to a sequel, it's a rare example of a worthy summer movie, one that does its job above and beyond the fast-food call of duty.
0.75 A taut, exciting science-fiction thriller that pumps up our adrenaline without forgetting to engage our heads.
0.6 A rollicking deadpan comedy with more good laughs than Adam Sandler's entire career.
0.8 This film is as entertaining as any film that I've seen so far this year.
0.9 Revisiting the Terminator was the right decision for Arnold and a great movie experience for us.
0.2 ennui with a dash of nostalgia
0.7 Pounds forward with brute force, squeezing in plot points wherever possible.
0.9 For the first time this century, sci-fi fans have a sequel that won't leave them disappointed. T3 delivers!
0.75 The film reimagines the Adam and Eve myth but with a post-industrial edge and a distinctly feminist slant.
0.7 Super spectacular summer popcorn picture, packing more fireworks than the Fourth of July. Adrenaline addicts are gonna love the fast-paced action.
0.7 The film's relentless devotion to headlong action and blitzkrieg plotting is akin to falling down an elevator shaft in the dark. You never quite know what you're going to hit along the way, so you might as well enjoy the plummet.
0.84 Once again, the Terminator series proves its superior worth over competing action concepts with its emphasis on the human element and a higher level of story consistency.
0.875 I was pleasantly surprised and duly impressed. Jonathan Mostow has taken good care of Cameron's baby, showing both respect and homage to the characters and trends.
0.6 An episodic, off-beat film that's aged well. Burt Reynolds is empathetic as a tired, sad and very lethal tough guy with a heart of gold who longs to leave Las Vegas.
0.5 The movie is filled with promising starts, but then everything dissolves into a violent action climax.
0.875 an unbelievably crass, unpleasant, horrific picture
0.6 More gore, gross-outs than the other Indy blockbusters.
0.625 It's not the darker turn that makes The Temple of Doom uncomfortable at times; it's its mean-spiritedness.
0.75 ...an obvious step down from its stellar predecessor...
0.625 It lacks the sense of detail that made Raiders such a treat. It isn't very clever, very funny or very compelling.
0.75 The reality is that this is the film that comes closest to reflecting the racism, sexism and jingoism that fuelled most of the serials that originally sparked Spielberg and George Lucas's impressionable young imaginations.
0.7 Where the brilliant "Raiders" was an adventure film aimed at the child at heart, "Temple of Doom" is really designed for the kiddie market itself.
0.75 If it was a sign of the times for Indiana Jones to take on more of a comic-book aspect, the film's accomodation of darker themes and explicit imagery came as something of a shock to many.
0.375 ...makes you wonder if Spielberg and series producer George Lucas might have been going through some sort of drug phase.
0.8 While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining. (Blu-ray edition)
0.75 A breakneck adventure that moves at twice the pace of the original but has only half the creative strength.
0.75 See website for more details.
1.0 darker indiana, still grand
1.0 ...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride. The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant...
0.75 Set years before the events of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is sillier, darkly violent and a bit dumbed down, but still great fun.
0.9 I honestly think this edgier prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark does an even better job of being a non-stop rollercoaster ride than the original.
0.6 All action and little story made for an entertaining followup to the adventure classic.
0.4 Terrific opening with 'Anything Goes' in Chinese -- then the kid shows up and it's downhill.
0.6 Only so so follow up to "Raiders." Extra points off for the very annoying Short Round.
1.0 The kind of movie where your date is always grabbing your forearm in a viselike grip, as unbearable excitement unfolds on the screen. After the movie is over, you've had a great time but your arm is black-and-blue for a week.
0.6 exciting, but the weakest film of the trilogy
0.6 You know, the more distance I get from this, the more I think: man, what a dark, depressing film. I think when it came out I was just that desperate for a new Indy flick.
0.5 Yes, Temple of Doom still stinks -- save that spectacular opening Shanghai nightclub scene.
0.875 It's an extremely well-crafted, exciting, and, most importantly, brave work.
0.7 Don't dismiss Temple of Doom just because, you know, it's kinda stupid.
0.6 There is little to appreciate here in terms of craft or characterization--but the whole thing bounces along so damn nicely, who cares?
0.9 Too shapeless to be the fun that Raiders is, but shape may be beside the point. Old- time, 15-part movie serials didn't have shape. The just went on and on and on, which is what Indiana Jones does with humor and technical invention.
1.0 One of Steven Spielberg's best movies, because he for once isn't trying to say anything at all. He's just having fun.
1.0 Moments like the collapsing bridge, the mine cart ride, and the cave full of bugs are as thrilling or more so than anything in the first movie.
0.6 The worst of the bunch - but still has moments of fun.
1.0 Single-handedly caused the 'PG-13' rating, and for that alone, I love it.
1.0 An unforgettable picture. Don't miss it!
0.7 Doesn't live up to the excitement and thrills of the original, but still a pretty wild ride.
1.0 Vastly under rated. Grand fun.
0.8 The darker side of Spielberg.
0.8 Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid.
0.6 There's plenty of rip-roaring action to distract us from the more unpalatable elements.
0.8 Seems to forgo characterization and plot development in favor of action sequences that don't necessarily feature as much exciting action as in its predecessor.
0.8 The sustained furore of humour, visual panache and headlong momentum makes for dazzling cinema. All of which makes it possibly Spielberg's most underrated film.
0.7 From our perspective it is still a very good piece of Hollywood entertainment, much superior to the more recent examples of same genre.
0.8 Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
0.75 avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
0.9 Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
0.6 Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
0.375 It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
0.8 A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
0.8 A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
0.75 Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
0.7 Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us quite as much as the original.
1.0 Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
0.5 Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
0.8 The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never got old.
0.6 The new film not only spoofs westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
0.6 Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy. Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
0.8 The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark. The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
1.0 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
0.75 It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
0.625 Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
0.8 Not as tremendous as the first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
0.75 The film feels unique and vibrant if only for the fact that it's the painfully rare DCAU title that doesn't revolve around Batman, Superman, or a Batman/Superman-led Justice League.
0.75 For all its apocalyptic fate-of-the-world theatrics, this...[adaptation of] the 2011 graphic novel Flashpoint by Geoff Johns and Andy Kubert...has an emotional core to give purpose to its crazy amounts of mayhem. [Blu-ray]
0.95 Years from now it may be looked at as the animated film that took the direct to video comic book movie market to another level of storytelling possibilities. Yes, it's that good.
0.3 Vantage Point is a patented representative of this year's early mediocrity. Vantage Point is trailer trash.
0.625 If you are looking for mindless action, it's not bad. But since this is trying to be something more than that, I can't quite recommend it.
0.2 It swears it's being clever yet refuses to trust the audience.
0.5 Asks us to believe the terrorists would, after slaughtering countless people, risk their entire plan--and their very lives--on...well, I won't say. But from my vantage point, it was ridiculous.
0.3 [Vantage Point is] a puzzle cut by a drunken, three-fingered jigsaw operator who lost a few pieces and chewed on a few others.
0.6 If you thought 24's perspective on terrorism was, well, limited, get ready to groan. The meat and potatoes of Vantage Point -- the suicide bomb explosions, the bloody fisticuffs and blaring car chases -- are indeed awesome, and that's what truly matters f
0.5 Those inclined to scrutinize the logic of Barry Levy's screenplay are likely to come away as baffled by its farfetched twists as amused by its bombastic excesses.
0.7 Vantage Point takes a pretty high concept, dribbles a bunch of red herrings all over it, and makes things go boom, reaping better yields than the average TV show.
0.5 When you wrap a movie around a gimmick, the wrapping better be taut and engaging or the gimmick falls flat.
0.8 Vantage Point is a tense and imaginative thriller that reels you in the longer it goes along, only to lose focus in the last 15 minutes. This final reel misstep is a shame, but it's not enough to ruin all the good work that's come before it.
0.6 With a little more work this could have been a first-rate thriller along the lines of the Bourne films, because the concept is intriguing and our interest is held for a significant part of the film.
0.8 If you're watching for perfectly matched action you're not into the mystery and you probably aren't going to be very sympathetic to the effort involved.
0.625 Writer Barry Levy has added some snap, crackle and pop to what would otherwise be a routine action film had it been presented in chronological order.
0.6 A curta duracao e o ritmo constantemente frenetico do filme mantem o espectador atento e interessado, mesmo que o objeto de tanta atencao nao faca muito sentido em retrospecto.
0.4 Vantage Point might sound intriguing on paper but it's all gimmick and not a lot of substance.
0.4 As much as we'd like to see an American president made accountable, we don't have to see it over and over and over again.
0.6 The stories are cleverly interwoven, with a couple of unexpected twists, and the patient viewer is rewarded with a doozy of a car chase in the last reel.
0.333333333333 Although mounted with no little efficiency by director Pete Travis (who previously made the TV drama-doc 'Omagh'), the narrative enterprise actually hides a one-dimensional world view, with civilian casualties mere background set dressing.
0.6 Some okay thrills with good performances and some smarts. But the last reel plunge spoils things.
0.75 a ripping good yarn
0.75 A decent thriller that takes time to get started
0.4 I might almost sit through the crappy storytelling one more time just to see the car chases. These are the kind car chases that Stuntman Mike from Death Proof might be able to appreciate
0.5 The Bourne films have fundamentally altered the rules... Every action thriller from here on out must adapt or risk coming across like some middling, antiquated dinosaur.
0.4 Decent actors wasted; impossible, idiotic plot twists; an unimaginative shooting style; an okay but unspectacular bit of action. Yep, it's a February movie all right.
0.625 The more they replay the story, the more you realize that there really wasn't all that much to see in the first place.
0.375 Basically, Vantage Point is a don't-ask-and-we-won't-tell movie. We are just supposed to sit back and ride along without questioning where we are being driven.
0.3 This movie is just down right annoying.
0.7 Suspenseful, yes - but it's all too far-fetched to matter much.
0.25 Now I know how Bill Murray felt in Groundhog Day.
0.3 [...] one would expect events to be gradually fleshed out until the mystery behind the attack is finally revealed, just in time for a bodacious climax, right? Yeah.
0.6 Pete Travis' Rashomon retread reads more like a less funny Groundhog Day.
0.5 Vantage Point requires three simultaneous coincidences for the ending to work. That may be a record.
0.625 The movie presents an interesting "Vantage Point." And its gimmick makes it an above-average thriller.
0.4 It calls for the suspension of the snort-and-chortle reflex. And it fails even at that.
0.75 Between the many 'What the?' moments until its outrageously absurd ending, Vantage Point is a brisk, entertaining experience.
0.75 I didn't buy that final twist, but it was still a fast, fun, breezy piece of entertainment. Enjoyable way to spend 90 minutes.
0.2 In case we haven't had enough fear-mongering in the past few years, this schlock takes up the slack.
0.8 ...(O)ver-Rashomoned with too many flashbacks, Travis produces a a slambang car chase, even though it does lead to a climax too absurd for words.
0.5 There's an interesting idea here, showing a major political event from various perspectives until we finally get to the real story. The problem is that the real story is rather contrived.
0.4 Vantage Point's summed up by its name; from some angles, it looks like an above-average studio thriller, but from others it falls out of sight fast.
1.0 I was quite literally on the edge of my seat for all of its lightning fast ninety minutes. It's not just merely good -- it's nothing less than one of the best pictures of the year
0.5 Movies used to boast of being 'torn from the headlines.' Now, they're torn from an electronics catalog. Who needs James Bond's Q when you've got Best Buy?
0.7 Sure the movie's multiple viewpoint contrivance is just an excuse to get to a car chase, but it's a good car chase.
0.75 Enjoy Vantage Point while the thrills last, and try to ignore the 'what the heck?' stretches of credulity in the final reels.
0.75 A genuine crowd-pleaser overall, brisk and suspenseful%u2014more or less everything it promises to be.
0.5 While the title, trailer and commercials imply that we'll be carefully piecing together clues to a complex assassination attempt as seen from several perspectives, the final product turns out to be a tepid thriller that promises more than it delivers.
0.5 At a certain point its sheer can-you-top-this excess takes over, credibility flies out the window and there's no reason to continue paying attention.
0.5 Vantage Point is a thriller that has quite a lot on its mind. The very structure of the movie challenges the audience's patience, if not its wit.
0.75 Keep your expectations reasonable.
0.5 All this visual caffeine is in service to a story that isn't worth telling, and that too frequently resorts to the cheap technique of putting an adorable little girl in peril, then cutting away.
0.25 When everything is finally revealed, the story Vantage Point tells is fairly pedestrian, and nothing special is gained from all the stopping and restarting.
0.8 An overplotted, gimmicky presidential-assassination thriller, its interlocking pieces have to fit just so for it to stay coherent and ratchet up the tension.
0.75 Director Pete Travis keeps things grim and gritty and moving.
0.2 A gimmick in search of its own point.
0.375 Chugging forward and chundering back, the movie keeps promising to whip up something hellishly complicated, but what keeps the movie going for an hour and a half is not a complicated plot but a stingy way of dribbling out information.
0.75 While it's no classic, Vantage Point is well worth a look.
0.5 Vantage Point is the highlights reel of an action movie too average to watch in any other form.
0.6 Initially intriguing and energetic, this film ends up demonstrating that a good script needs to be more than a clever concept and fine direction must be more than moving things fast.
0.625 Hey, it's February, a month when moviegoers have to be thankful for anything diverting.
0.2 The first 15 minutes of Vantage Point are the worst. Then you only have to sit through them seven more times.
0.75 A nice, straightforward, good old-fashioned geopolitical conspiracy thriller with no pretentions.
0.5 The problem with Vantage Point is that the rapid-rewind technique keeps interfering with the thriller's momentum.
0.375 This action/suspense-thriller is hopelessly convoluted and contrived. The filmmakers are clearly trying to duplicate the style and feel vastly superior television series 24.
0.75 Vantage Point makes nice use of the heft of Dennis Quaid, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver in a story in which an assassination followed by an explosion gets revisited from eight points of view.
0.375 Reduces global terrorism to a Rubik's Cube suitable for an evening's entertainment. If that doesn't make you vaguely ill, by all means take this thriller for the shallow, gimmicky "ride" it aspires to be.
0.2 If you can work your way past Vantage Point's goofy casting that places a bland, blank-eyed Hurt in the White House, then I suppose you can manage to forgive this Rashomon rip-off's other glaring idiosyncrasies, of which there are many.
0.75 The filmmakers hook us and reel us in during 90 breathless minutes.
0.625 Not much about the plot can be revealed without giving away the various surprises and twists [which]are the only reason to sit through the film.
0.875 The exhilarating car chase that closes the movie is alone worth the price of admission...
0.5 No matter how you look at it, Vantage Point is a letdown.
0.69 ...counts on its audience not thinking about what they're seeing, but instead being mesmerized by flash and boom ...This is a movie to make you angry, but not with the straw evildoers it puts on screen.
0.4 It starts off strong but quickly becomes so contrived and repetitive that by the time it finally lumbers to its deeply unsatisfying and ludicrously melodramatic finale, you feel like an idiot for having wasted your time watching it
0.375 Trying, monotonous, and not anywhere near as relevant or clever as it imagines itself to be, Vantage Point proves once again that while it's easy to rely on a gimmick, it's usually not the best idea to trust it.
0.625 I forgave its sins for delivering at least an hour of undiluted enjoyment.
0.625 A movie that features very intense, action-packed moments, but a story that gets overly complicated and borders on spinning out of control as it becomes too farfetched by the end
0.5 We view this event from every possible point of view except a logical -- or entertaining -- one.
0.5 Less would have definitely been more in this case; if viewers squint their eyes hard enough, they might just be able to locate a kitchen sink lurking somewhere in the background.
0.4 I'm starting to think that '24' and 'The Bourne Identity' have made it nearly impossible for me to enjoy the average or even slightly above average spy thriller.
0.5 The information sorting and gathering required by Barry L. Levy's screenplay feels like night school as opposed to a great night out at the movies.
0.5 A story that could easily (and more effectively) have been told in about half the time.
0.4 Disappointing action flick centers on terrorism.
0.5 An assassination thriller that boasts the glossy tourist vistas of an airline magazine combined with a serious case of instant-replay-itis.
0.625 Vantage Point offers a modicum of entertainment but it requires viewers to react more forcefully from the gut than the mind. It's viscerally effective but lobotomized.
0.375 The bones of a good idea for a conspiracy thriller lie buried in the corpse of Vantage Point. It feels more like a movie with a personality disorder.
0.5 Offers less entertainment than just awareness of how nearly every American male role seems like it was intended for Harrison Ford.
0.75 The setup is so riveting, the suspense so carefully prolonged, that I didn't mind when it unraveled into lunacy near the end.
0.6 The problem with Vantage Point, or at least one problem, is that it depends too much on coincidence. The film relies on things breaking a certain way for nearly every plot advancement.
0.25 Cool game plan on paper, unfortunately, the execution lacks. Further, this is not the subject matter with which to play games.
0.75 A tight, solid mystery/thriller that keeps you guessing until the end.
0.375 ...a marketing hook first and a movie ... well, actually, never.
0.375 Choppy, point-of-view twisting thriller that never rises above its gimmickry.
0.4 Starts off well but then tries to replicate the fast-paced frenzy of The Bourne Ultimatum with an improbable car chase.
0.65 A competently-made action-thriller but nothing particularly ground-breaking once it casually discards its pretense of being told from multiple points of view.
0.25 It's mind-numbingly tedious, perhaps because the rhythm, the plot, even the seemingly indestructible veteran secret service agent Barnes seem lifted wholesale from any random episode of 24.
0.875 Smart escapist thrillers are a dying breed but this is one of the good ones.
0.4 A stale effort that seems content to find its niche in a harmless mediocrity.
0.375 Somehow, you can't help but feel vampires deserve better.
0.4 Rather than create an innovative style to complement the horror-history hybrid, he employs superhero cliches and hackneyed action scenes that only help distract from the ineffectiveness of the film's scant 3-D effects.
0.5 If you thought the American Civil War was about ending slavery, you're in for a rude surprise.
0.5 As a tongue-in-cheek action mashup, Grahame-Smith and Bekmambetov have, for the most part, delivered an entertaining (albeit campy) historical retelling.
0.2 A rancid hot pot of over-caffeinated action, choppy editing, self-importance and retarded scripting, Lincoln is the worst blockbuster in recent memory...
0.5 Frankly, if it gets kids talking about history again, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter succeeds where a lot of other films stumble-and even if it's kind of a lame duck, there's still a lot of dignity in that.
0.5 What you get with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is an interesting concept that has a number of structural problems.
0.35 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter doesn't even come close to living up to the fun, silly nature of its premise. The film is a dull, humorless, ugly-looking slog.
0.3 With the most preposterous of plots, one would expect "Lincoln" to be funny, but it's not. It takes itself as seriously as a disease, and therein lies the biggest problem with this film.
0.6 completely ludicrous but fun.
0.85 While the film eventually feels a little exhausting, particularly in the protracted but impressive finale, it works as well as this material possibly could.
0.2 Bekmambetov knows his way around supernatural movies very well but he just doesn't seem to have the sense of humour needed for this one.
0.6 The most important thing about enjoyably trashy, title-says-it-all action films such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is to keep everything moving so fast and on such a huge scale that nobody will care too much about how monumentally silly it all is.
0.5 Uses cues from the life of the former US President and builds an unwieldy supernatural story on top of it.
0.6 AL:VH is easy to dismiss and equally as easy to forget, but it does what it does well.
0.4 Sounds like it was pitched at the tail-end of a particularly cynical, three-day, coke-fuelled marketing strategy session in between Transformers with Boobs and The Voice: The Movie...
0.7 What makes Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter so enjoyable is the extent it abandons so many established rules not just in terms of history and genre, but also physics.
0.8 Other than not knowing what's going on when the action gets heavy, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is fairly outstanding. It's downright ridiculous at times and extremely outrageous to its core, but is unbelievably entertaining from beginning to end.
0.625 The Great Emancipator becomes a pretty great decapitator in this ridiculous and entertaining but ultimately exhausting mashup of 19th century American history and 21st century pop trendiness.
0.7 A lot better than I'd expected. In itself, that's not saying all that much since I was prepared for it to be pretty bad.
0.5 ...a missed opportunity that's rarely, if ever, as much fun as its title might've indicated.
0.4 After simply ignoring everything potentially funny and lively, Abraham Lincoln grinds down on its characters, turning them into empty vessels upon which to hang the action sequences.
0.2 No, it's not entertainment; it's garbage.
0.75 Lincoln a Bloody Alternate History Lesson
0.75 If there's anything more radical and outrageous than the very title and concept, it's how focused and committed director Timur Bekmambetov and writer Seth Grahame-Smith are to its execution.
0.375 Intriguing title the most interesting thing about Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter
0.25 Lacking cleverness and imagination, the film merely fuses Lincoln's and the Civil War's historical outlines with horror-, martial arts- and action-movie cliches.
0.5 while the fantastically warped nature of the premise would seem to promise bloody good fun, the film turns out to be a rather dreary, overly serious slog through the all-too-familiar elements of modern action and horror genres
0.625 Some good effects, but takes its potentially amusing premise way too seriously.
0.4 This one needed to have a sense of humor.
0.5 Mixing vampires with Abraham Lincoln never works in this action movie.
0.75 The movie works because the story outside the vampire zone sweet spot is played straight and with some heart.
0.5 Even for those looking for crazy fun, I think they'll be disappointed with how serious, and how much of Lincoln's life is actually included in this mashup.
0.26 [It] states the moronic what-if that serves as its central conceit right in its title, but even that is unlikely to prepare you for the turgid mess that it delivers.
0.375 ... a monotonous, knuckle-headed fusion of Bram Stoker's 'Dracula' and John Ford's 'Young Mr. Lincoln' ... the action is more stultifying than suspenseful, more cartoonish than cathartic.
0.4 Ridiculous and revisionist, redeemed only by Bekmambetov's inventive, R-rated action sequences, particularly the CGI horse stampede.
0.7 With its outrageous premise of turning Honest Abe into a slayer of the undead, one would expect to see the president snuffing out vamps in astounding ways. To this end, and as pure, thrill-ride entertainment, the movie certainly delivers.
0.5 Not nearly as much fun as it sounds.
0.6 If you are going to re-imagine the 16th president of the United States as a vampire hunter, go big or go home. "Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter" has chosen the former.
0.1 Reminds me of the Star Wars prequels... Vampire powers and limitations seem to work a lot like the Jedi...it depends on what's convenient for the plot at any given moment.
0.375 This Lincoln, as portrayed by Benjamin Walker, is as stiff as the sculpture honoring him at his memorial in Washington, D.C. Walker fails to instill any vitality or zest into his Lincoln. His Abe is one dimensional and humorless.
0.625 The movie may not totally succeed in what it wants to do, but neither should it be dismissed.
0.5 If you see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and expect brilliant filmmaking, cogent storytelling or a serious examination of American history, you're an idiot.
0.8 As played by Walker, Abe is a 19th Century Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent, his mild demeanor a mask for a man of strength.
0.7 Of course it's ridiculous and tasteless and grotesque. It's ABRAHAM LINCOLN, VAMPIRE HUNTER.
0.4 Vampire Hunter will appeal to people who want to see graphic deaths and a bit of neck-nibbling, but it's a disjointed action adventure and a total no-hoper as a film of any historical significance.
0.5 The disconnect between intention and final product is a head scratcher.
0.3 The execution is neither serious or jokey enough to make the movie palatable - a near impossible result for a movie with that title.
0.8 It's crazier than an antebellum bedbug, but Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is one of Summer 2012's definite sleepers.
0.2 The Great Emancipator as the Great Decapitator makes for just so much B-movie schlock.
0.7 The upside: the vampires really suck and the movie doesn't.
0.25 A B movie treated like an A movie that mostly ends up being a zzzzzzzzzz movie.
0.375 This film should be campy fun, but in Bekmambetov's unsteady hands, it feels laboured and unsatisfying.
0.7 It's sad to say, but in a summer awash with sequels and reboots, a movie that is both effective and original is a rare treat, no matter how many history teachers it pushes into early retirement.
0.5 How goes this particular Nosfera-tour? Sadly, this new-fang-led premise gives great visuals, but takes itself so seriously, we don't get the fun that the title promises.
0.4 It's rather a shame that yawning voids occupy the places where we usually expect to find characters.
0.72 What you wouldn't expect is for a film where Abraham Lincoln uses a silver-tipped axe to chop of vampires head to be played straight. Well, as straight as an action film featuring a Civil War jam packed with vampires can be.
0.625 There's a conceptual flaw here: the actual details of Lincoln's life were so fascinating, filled with such drama, that there's no need to make him a vampire hunter at all.
0.75 In a movie that promises to be about little more than Abraham Lincoln and Vampire Hunting, having Mr. Walker deliver a performance that exceeds those expectations is -- to some small, ironic degree -- liberating.
0.8 Is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter a great bad movie or a bad great movie?
0.65 If you're even remotely considering buying a ticket to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, then you're a prime candidate to enjoy it.
0.6 Works best when Bekmambetov is let off the leash, and goes WAY over the top. Worth seeing as long as you go in with the right frame of mind.
0.4 The grave tone makes it stiff and leaden, the digi-saturated look is a turn-off. Damnable and disordered.
0.5 It's sort of like a very special slavery-themed episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
0.5 It relies solely on the gimmick that it's funny to have an ex-President using a silver-coated axe to fight mythical creatures. There's nothing else there.
0.2 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is essentially the most expensive Troma movie ever made, lacking the quiet dignity, cohesive plotting or the shot of a flipping car
0.37 Reimagining Abraham Lincoln as a forefather to Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a rather nifty idea. Unfortunately, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, doesn't fully sink its teeth into its fun premise.
0.375 The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise.
0.6 The result is a movie that seems more in service to its premise than to a good story. But hey, it's different.
0.0 Don't let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . .
0.6 This has enough vamps being decapitated to keep you interested but isn't as gloriously silly as the title.
0.6 For the most part Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is loud, fast and crunchy - and I suspect it's going to slay audiences at the box office.
0.625 Both terribly silly and a lot of fun.
0.75 An insanely absurd fun mash up of horror and history that manages to be simultaneously brilliant and ridiculous.
0.625 This almost works, but the script isn't realized enough to be fully satisfying. It all looks cool and dandy, but it's cold blooded.
0.5 Apart from [two action] scenes and the initial setup, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter becomes repetitive.
0.8 If ever there was an "either you're in or out" movie in 2012, it's definitely this one and if you're in, it just might be the most satisfyingly guilty pleasure of the year.
0.1 Not to sound like a stick in the mud, but Abraham Lincoln was a great and noble man. He deserves better that this.
0.4 This movie is even sillier than I thought it would be. You talk about shark-jumping, fridge-nuking. I have a new one for you, horse leaping! Once that happens, that's when it goes off the rails and begins it's descent into Movie Hell
0.5 Starting well and culminating in a lackluster second half, it is far too streamlined and spotty to satisfy as anything more than a pulpy slice of summer movie inconsequence.
0.4 This movie just made Steven Spielberg's life easier because his Lincoln biopic coming out in December wil definitely be the better of these two films. This could have been fun, it never settles in what it wants to be and ultimately fails.
0.4 This is hokum on a grand scale, though it's emotionally cold and gets tiresomely repetitive, with scores of vampires baring their fangs before decapitation.
0.5 The result is a film that feels more like the ridiculous Will Smith Wild Wild West and less like Bekmambetov's clever Night Watch.
0.0 [Bekmambetov's] name above the credits is fair warning; shame on me for not heeding it.
0.75 Walker is a tall, lean guy with a big hat who can swing an ax. What else can be said?
0.4 It's not every day you see a movie and ask yourself, "Why does this thing even exist?"
0.625 Despite its factual dismemberment of the movie's namesake, Hunter bristles as summer action fodder. Honest.
0.8 Rare is a film this silly that's also this quietly clever.
0.25 Here is the worst thing to happen to Abe Lincoln in a theater since he attended "Our American Cousin."
0.4 Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen.
0.4 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is such a smashing title it's too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it.
0.6 Your mileage, as with any movie crammed with unintentional laughter, may vary, but there are performances and some spectacular fight choreography that ought to keep anyone's interest.
0.35 To say that it's an exercise in style over substance is perhaps an overstatement, in that it suggests there's any substance here at all.
0.625 With a title like this, don't expect a PBS documentary.
0.6 Bekmambetov directs with gusto, and the forthright absurdity of the story, combined with its weirdly heartfelt self-belief is winning.
0.2 This insipid mashup of history lesson and monster flick takes itself semi-seriously, which is truly deadly.
0.8 It's exciting, witty and very well-cast with some memorable set-pieces and a tight, suspenseful plot.
0.375 The acrobatic repetition bores you breathless. Spare Benjamin Walker, who deserves to go on to better things. But the movie deserves a stake through the heart.
0.7 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter has heart to spare, and the occasional silvered bayonet to run it through.
0.625 Most filmmakers would render this "Road Warrior"-style finale with a little wink and nudge, but Bekmambetov chooses to stare down the material. It straddles his Civil War tale between Chancellorsville and Cartoon Land.
0.875 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter" is a blast, the best action movie of the summer.
0.2 It constitutes a moral sin, if not an outright moral crime, and commits a grave insult against history.
0.4 The problem with movies based on a single joke is that a single joke is rarely funny enough to sustain the running time of a feature-length film. And with "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," the whole joke is in the title.
0.625 Timor Bekmambetov doesn't need to make his material overtly wink at the audience because his conceit is itself enough of an obvious dim-bulb joke.
0.625 The concept of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is worthy of a good chuckle or two, but the execution proves that sometimes a clever title does not beget a production of equal value.
0.25 It's a sin against entertainment.
0.4 When 3D dust-motes and train-engine sparks are the most tempting things to look at, something has failed.
0.6 A strange mash-up that doesn't entirely work but offers enough entertainment value that it never feels like a complete waste of time either.
0.0 It is the best title of the year and will almost certainly be the worst movie.
0.6 While the character development & screenplay are a complete mess, ALVH, at times, is an incredibly interesting movie [with] some brilliant CGI work & incredible choreography..
0.5 There's no getting around the fact that this is a straight-faced drama that feels like it should be a satirical comedy/adventure. And as Lincoln himself observed, a movie divided against itself cannot stand.
0.375 "History prefers legends to men," Abe narrates from his diary. Writer, director and star have conspired to give us none of the above - not the history, not a compelling legend, and certainly not Lincoln the man.
0.4 Some of Bekmambetov's action sequences are spectacular as you would expect, but they are also wholly lacking in any sense of peril or jeopardy.
0.5 It's not nearly as snappy or campy as it should be-though its self-seriousness is its own kind of entertainment.
0.5 It sounds fun. It's a little fun. For a while. But Bekmanbetov shoots every killing spree like an addled gamer, working that slow-down-speed-up kill-shot cliche like a maniac.
0.25 Enormous in its scope and colossal in its stupidity.
0.4 The giddy fun implied by that preposterous moniker is missing in this almost entirely humourless affair.
0.25 Where does it end? Franklin D. Roosevelt: Phone Sex Operator? Rosa Parks: Breakdance Champion? It's much more fun to come up with these idiotic concepts than to watch them.
0.375 Walker's face is soft, bland, unremarkable. His acting, likewise.
0.75 A more entertaining movie than I remotely expected.
0.4 An adaptation of a textbook would at least have been more educational.
0.375 What ideally might have been playful and knowing is instead uptight and dreary, with a visual scheme that's so fake and cartoony, it depletes the film of any sense of danger.
0.5 "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter," which boasts one of the best film titles ever, just grazes its target.
0.4 Essentially a lot of balls.
0.8 The premise may be pretty ridiculous, but this movie surprises by actually making sense.
0.4 The appallingly self-serious Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is stylised to death and lacks the subversion needed to support its inspired premise.
0.8 Move over, Twilight. This is a vamp flick with teeth.
0.4 Arrive two hours late for Bekmambetov's overcooked noise generator and you'll have a fantastic night.
0.55 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter's heart may be in the right place -- and any film that makes people interested in reading up on the real Lincoln must be commended -- but overall the film is, ironically, bloodless.
0.75 ...it's impossible not to get a kick out of watching [Noah] Wyle kill a man using a silenced pistol.
0.7 Worth watching if only for the half-dozen familiar faces and a few scenes that ratchet up the intensity quite serviceably.
0.8 Mehra's Bafta-nominated attempt to combine political drama and traditional entertainment remains entirely compelling.
0.5 The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
1.0 Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
0.9 The performances are fantastic, and as an ensemble they compliment each other beautifully.
0.7 A cult film that deserves its reputation.
0.8 The Warriors Rule! One of the best action-thrillers of the 70s!
0.875 Yeah, it's really good.
0.7 The only trouble is that I half expected them to break out into song and dance any minute a la West Side Story.
0.75 OK, it's not Greek tragedy, but it is based (loosely) on Xenophon, so there.
1.0 Visually stunning and emotionally gripping, THE WARRIORS is a classic that, after a quarter-century, has finally recieved the loving finishing touches that it so rightly deserves
0.8 See it once, and you'll want to see it again.
0.875 Just what is the fanboys' beef with the new DVD "Director's Cut" of The Warriors, anyway?
0.6 Once-notorious gang movie, now a delightfully retro experience
0.6 A campy treat for anyone who wants to "come out and play-ay!"
0.8 An action movie of great style and energy
0.2 A bad joke shoddily disguised as a gritty urban thriller. Didn't any of these guys have subway tokens?
1.0 One of the great cult films of all time.
0.625 a shameless, but entertaining, ode to the appeal of criminality and gangland camaraderie
0.77 A pleasure to watch, even if only to laugh at the memorable costumes and lines. Can you dig it?
0.6 The movie is gorgeously animated and has many powerful images and ideas.
0.75 The incomprehensible back story didn't dim my enjoyment much. The movie is a crackerjack audio-visual thrill ride.
0.875 Exhilarating, intelligent and compelling with plenty of surprises and dazzling animation.
0.6 Fans, go be with your people. Others, approach cautiously.
0.6 The widescreen canvas is an improvement over television's limited expanse. But if you're not among the indoctrinated, don't bother.
0.75 This is a very intelligent, well-plotted story - and my hunch is that we have not seen the last of our heroes.
0.625 At some point you have to ask: When are fantasy fans going to tire of heroes and villains throwing bolts of energy at each other? Give it a rest already!
0.5 Soporific exposition culminates in a visually chaotic final act that makes "Tintin'' look downright restrained.
0.625 Like a lot of anime, the movie remains entertaining even when you have no idea what's going on.
0.625 The Sacred Star of Milos manages to be an entertaining and faithful expansion on the original material while being inconsequential to it.
0.625 This is a gripping mystery in its own right, and even retains the original Japanese voice actors (with subtitles).
0.6 Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
0.6 The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version. It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
0.6 It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
0.8 Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world. Except me. Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
0.6 It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
0.8 Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
0.6 Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never dips below a certain baseline of handsome competence, making a great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a rugged frame for the action.
0.6 There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
0.6 This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
0.8 This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour. Unexpectedly brilliant.
0.8 The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
0.6 Not as redundant as it sounds ...
1.0 Endlessly imitated but never rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
0.875 What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
0.8 Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
0.8 First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
0.8 Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
1.0 It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
1.0 So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced.
1.0 Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
1.0 One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
1.0 Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
0.9 ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
1.0 The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
1.0 classic
0.9 Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
0.9 What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film. It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
0.8 Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not just a favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
1.0 I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
1.0 Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
1.0 Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
1.0 a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
0.8 It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels.
0.9 Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
0.9 [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
1.0 George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
1.0 A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
0.85 A classic American tale!
1.0 Lucas fills his screen with loving touches.
1.0 Like some indefatigable King of the Hill, it stands alone and triumphant, regardless of the many imitators that assail its position.
1.0 I was and still am fascinated by the hinted at but never fully developed chemistry between Luke and Princess Leia.
0.9 As much as it changed the people who watched movies, however, it changed the people who made movies even more.
0.875 This special edition re-release really drives home the differences between seeing a movie in the theater and seeing it on video.
0.9 It's easy to see why Star Wars held such an appeal to the kids and adults of the late 1970s.
0.75 A pop-culture landmark!
1.0 All in all, this movie is a classic.
1.0 Twenty years later, George Lucas' loved saga of the war between good and evil in a distant galaxy returns in digitally enhanced and augmented form.
0.8 It's fun and funny.
0.3 Battle: Los Angeles misses every mark it aims for. Aside from the well done special effects nothing in this movie is worth recommending.
0.5 It's not new, it's not novel and it's not art. But as a popcorn movie a couple of months out of summer season, it'll have to do.
0.6 Just the worst, most cliche-ridden bunch of faceless cannon fodder you've ever had the misfortune to watch die.
0.25 Jonathan Liebesman's "Battle: Los Angeles" is one of those rare films that fails on just about every level a film can fail on.
0.6 Eat some leatherneck lead, E.T. -- and semper fi, space scum!
0.4 Not as bad as the other recent invasion movie Skyline, but still nothing to be excited about.
0.5 For an alien invasion film, this one is a solid effort, though there's a bit too much violence and not enough introspection.
0.5 ...Battle Los Angeles fizzles out long before it reaches its tedious, anticlimactic finish.
0.83 a kind of cross between what I imagine the first person shooter video game experience to be and an episode of the HBO series Generation Kill
0.75 ... lock-and-load sci-fi - "Full Metal Jacket" meets "War of the Worlds.
0.7 From beginning to end, this thing just keeps jackhammering at your nerves. Sure, there are a few moments of comic relief, both intended and not.
0.625 It's a decent night out, provided you know what you're in for.
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 One part War of the Worlds, one part generic stoic army guy movie from 1957 set during WWII, one part Independence Day, one part goofy dialogue.
0.8 An out-of-this-world blast.
0.5 Only serviceable as a war movie and completely ridiculous as a science-fiction yarn, 'Battle: Los Angeles' is an average actioner that's barely one level above the Syfy Channel's 'Battle of Los Angeles.'
0.4 There's the standard complement of soldier stereotypes: About-To-Be-Married Guy, Twitchy PSTD Case, Stoic African, and The Commander Who Just Graduated OCS.
0.6 Don't expect too much more than a gritty tour of duty against ET's angry cousins and you'll be totally satisfied.
0.6 For all its (many) flaws and derivative story elements, Battle: Los Angeles still has all the mindless fun and excitement of a really good high school food fight.
0.5 This is a war movie that is dressed up like a sci-fi film to sneak in a message about Iraq and Afghanistan.
0.5 With its cliched, one-dimensional characters, the movie fails to engage at an emotional level.
0.6 A realistic war movie gives way to melodrama and a really poor second half.
0.375 The film constantly blows thick smoke up our a---s and calls it charity.
0.4 Se fosse espremido e engarrafado, resultaria num perfume batizado como Le Phallus.
0.6 rather than actively fighting the cliches inherent in this genre, they have consciously, even joyously, embraced them
0.6 ... probably better than it has any right to be.
0.7 It's a top-to-bottom completely typical war film, just one involving aliens. If you can get behind that conceit, it's not bad at it what it does. If you can't, there's nothing else here for you.
0.4 The special effects are mediocre and the story is strewn with the type of plot inconsistencies and lazy dialogue all-too-typical of today's post-content blockbusters.
0.5 At times, the film dazzles with its almost seamless spectacle, but not as much can be said for the needless backstory preamble and an overindulgent aural overload that drowns out the best scenes.
0.2 More like "Battle: Indistinguishable, Concrete Laden Locales."
0.3 Characters walking from one set to another, screaming and shooting, an explosion, and the slightly whittled-down group walks to the next sense, rinse, repeat.
0.7 Battle: Los Angeles is the right kind of "Hoorah!" that the alien invasion sub-genre needed.
0.2 Watching this nonsense after seeing tragic television images of the destruction of Japan somehow made Battle: Los Angeles appear even more meretricious.
0.4 Battle: Los Angeles lapses into that peculiar modern-day rut that leaves an audience feeling as if they are watching a live feed of someone playing a photo-realistic computer game.
0.7 It is a well executed one-violent-trick pony, designed for the 12 year old boy the movie studios hope is still playing with toy soldier figurines inside us all.
0.6 Eckhart is a refreshing alternative to Messrs Stallone and Schwarzenegger in this movie.
0.2 Michael Bay and Tony Scott made love to the American flag, birthed a demon spawn and called it Battle Los Angeles.
0.4 I'm sure there's an epic battle going on here, but it's hard to tell when the cameraman is too busy shaking off a swarm of angry bees to capture any of it.
0.2 Like the aliens themselves, the cliches were coming too fast. Unlike the aliens, they are indestructible.
0.4 Director Jonathan Liebsman's decision to keep things at close-quarters - following solely this band of grunts rather than covering the entire city - could have worked had the film itself felt more elemental.
0.636363636364 Action packed with a solid performance from Aaron Eckhart and a large dollop of patriotism
0.2 How many times can we watch Marines taking cover and returning fire at barely glimpsed aliens before our eyes glaze over?
0.625 According to a TV commentator, the aliens 'are here for our resources... we are being colonized.' But don't expect any references to chickens coming home to roost. There's no irony in this particular presentation of doomsday deferred.
0.4 The real battle in this duff alien invasion movie is whether the direction is worse than the writing.
0.4 Really need to watch District 9 again. Immediately.
0.4 The X-Box game this film wants to be would be ten times more involving, and wouldn't feature Ne-Yo.
0.625 A pro-war movie masquerading as a disaster film? This is the anti Hurt Locker.
0.7 The pace is fast enough and the goal of victory so seemingly elusive that this is a pretty entertaining ride, despite the total lack of story and character development.
0.4 Feels less like a movie than the action scenes clipped out of one.
0.375 Neuron-rotting brain candy: an empty action exercise made up of empty calories. That'd be fine, if only it were sweet.
0.5 It's by-the-numbers, big-screen video gaming. Hooh-ra!
0.5 There are so many missed opportunities for interesting sci-fi elements, but this movie isn't interested in that. It's a military ground war action film, and even that isn't sustainable.
0.375 At least if the aliens win, we won't have to sit through any more movies like this one.
0.2 If you're the kind of person for whom "they blowed it up real good" is a positive review, you'll love this film.
0.6 So po-faced that it almost feels like a spoof, this energetic action epic is watchable due to its solid cast and visceral tone. And the story and characters are so thin that you almost admire the filmmakers' nerve.
0.5 Excitement? Not so much.
0.6 It's pretty much a running gun battle from jump, which is good.
0.3 I don't know why this movie exists. A completely unoriginal mash-up of every good alien invasion film there's ever been, resulting in an ugly, uninspired, laughably bad mess that'll give you motion sickness while making your ears bleed.
0.07221 Tedious, lazy and thoroughly nauseating with no palpable thrills or excitement to be found. The asinine script and excessive use of shaky-cam will make your eyes and ears bleed simultaneously.
0.25 We all know a guy who is obsessed with military firepower and who spends way too much time playing first-person shooters on XBox 360. Battle: Los Angeles is a movie for that guy.
0.625 Battle: Los Angeles will delight your inner 8-year-old while your brain cells wither and die.
0.5 Despite plenty of promise, it's a mirthlessly cliched, spasmodic mess of editing and direction. Still, look on the bright side; at least it wasn't released in 3D.
0.2 Battle Los Angeles is so derivative of superior films that you'll spend half the running time merely making a list of movies that you'd rather be watching.
0.5 It presents an apocalyptic scenario that ought to be tense and horrifying but is instead unintentionally funny.
0.375 Don't mean to boast, but I can suspend my disbelief as willingly as any credulous moviegoer. Yet not even an industrial crane would have helped here. Nope, Battle: Los Angeles completely defeated me.
0.6 Give props to the filmmakers behind Battle: Los Angeles for manufacturing an otherworldly attack that's as brutal, relentless and thoroughly unpleasant as the real thing might be.
0.2 It makes you feel like you are watching someone else playing a videogame while another person is operating a jackhammer approximately six inches away from your skull for two solid hours
0.4 A high-priced, high-tech clone of a video game. The characters move a pixel at a time to this dead-end or that, and each solution presents another, greater challenge.
0.75 'Battle: Los Angeles' is nothing more than another fast paced, cliched action/ sci-fi film but visually splendid and enjoyable.
0.6 It has shortcomings, but Battle: Los Angeles tries hard at being a serious alien invasion movie. Intense battle scenes & an old fashioned portrayal of the military might win audiences over.
0.125 It's not a good sign when, at the end of an alien invasion movie, you're disappointed that the aliens have not emerged victorious.
0.5 Whoever cut together the epic first trailer for Battle:LA deserves an Academy Award. There is a reason why we hear no dialogue in that trailer...
0.25 Alien invasion flick "Battle: Los Angeles" is basically a $100,000,000 recruitment video for the Marines that will help the Corps fill its ranks with gawky gamers who like laughably bad movies. Semper sigh.
0.5 Makes the fatal, conceptual mistake of turning a picture about a mysterious alien attack into a sub-par, propagandistic combat demo reel.
0.625 Smart enough to avoid getting too deep into the personal stories and give you what you want from Battle: Los Angeles. They blow stuff up real good.
0.6 It's all forward momentum, except when it pauses to let Aaron Eckhart's world-weary staff sergeant deliver a generic motivational speech. And even that moment is comfortably familiar, simultaneously superficial and satisfying.
0.4 Pretty much cardboard, down to the heroic patriotic speeches, and less distinctive even than last year's scarcely stellar Skyline, which trashed the same city.
0.4 It's just running, shooting, dodging, killing, not badly done but pretty numbing over two hours.
0.48 Neither as serious as Black Hawk Down nor as lightheartedly fun as Independence Day.
0.7 Recently, astrophysicist Stephen Hawking suggested that if alien life exists, we shouldn't be in a rush to make first contact. Consider Battle: Los Angeles Hawking's cinematic "I told ya so."
0.75 It's a simplistic movie, but there's something appealing about its simplicity.
0.375 This silly extraterrestrial-invasion epic somehow manages the feat of making the destruction of La La Land seem tedious.
0.375 H.G. Wells did it better. This movie spends so much yawn-inducing time on variations of the same combat scenario that its final showdown feels rushed.
0.2 As it lurches from Act II to Act III, "Battle: Loss Angeles" reveals itself to be a lousy movie.
0.2 Director Jonathan Liebesman leaps into the fray with his camera twitching and lurching, capturing more flying metal and concrete dust than actual characters or aliens.
0.8 ...the bigger, badder brother to "Independence Day."
0.4 It's the kind of movie that ends with one of those defeat the enemy by blowing up the one magical thing which can hurt them and conveniently isn't guarded scenarios. And even that feels tacked on
0.5 The plot of Battle Los Angeles is only a few dialogue scenes removed from the objective-based narratives of countless video games concerning warfare in modern times.
0.7 There's a solid war film here, as well as the scary thought of what it might be like if we were the 'collateral damage' instead of people in Iraq or Afghanistan.
0.5 Battle Los Angeles doesn't bring anything new to the alien attack genre.
0.5 For a film that takes inspiration from the same WWII event that helped spawn the screenplay for Spielberg's 1941, it is one that could have used an attack on Hollywood. At least that would have been a little bit of fun.
0.125 Sure to remain one of the most spiritless cinematic experiences of the year.
0.6 If it's daft action and a gung-ho "God Bless America" romp you want, then this is for you.
0.75 Eckhart's commitment to the movie's reality, which is as fierce as the sergeant's commitment to his men, takes what otherwise might merely have been outlandish and makes it believable, and frightening.
0.6 As it stands, Battle: Los Angeles is good dumb fun. A little less talking and a little weirder alien and it might have been something more.
0.4 The entire movie is made from the parts of a dozen other, better movies, and shot in a manner that suggests the cameraman is riding a pogo stick.
0.4 Eckhart performs with laudable conviction, despite the laughable dialogue, but other characters blur into one, and you'll end up feeling as weary as Eckhart's marine.
0.2 Battle: Los Angeles is for American teenagers who found G.I. Joe: The Rise Of Cobra too cerebral.
0.5 You can't help but wish there had been a lot more heart in this Marine's story.
0.4 As Ernest Thesiger might have said: oh my dear, the noise, the extraterrestrials.
0.875 It's a gritty, tension-filled story of soldiers fighting their way through extraordinary circumstances. The characters feel like real people. Their struggles seem genuine. And Los Angeles is going up in flames.
0.75 The film, constructed by people of serious talent, is designed to put you through the wringer, and that's exactly what it does. This is a total war scenario, people. Man up or stand back. Hoo-rah!
0.625 A loud, frenetic, viscerally gripping two-hour tour of duty that mostly plays fair by the rules of the genre and mostly avoids macho posturing.
0.25 Viewed as a parody, this subpar alien invasion flick is worth a few laughs. If only it were meant that way.
0.4 Ultimately, it's likely to top exactly nobody's list of the greatest sci-fi, war, or sci-fi war movies of all time.
0.5 The biggest irony of this project is that it was made by a company that calls itself Original Film but has produced perhaps the least original movie of the year so far.
0.5 As a narrative, the cartoonish Battle: Los Angeles makes the cartoonish Independence Day look as nuanced as Saving Private Ryan.
0.7 The writing is atrocious, but BATTLE: LOS ANGELES is still a fun ride for action junkies.
0.7 There's never a doubt who will win in the aliens versus marines battle, but the fact that it's interesting from the first frame to the last is an achievement.
0.6 this is a movie that, when faced with finding a way out of its considerable contrivances, simply cheats
0.2 On the whole Battle: Los Angeles is the emptiest form of sci-fi action: Just one bloody (or alien gooey) thing after another.
0.5 It's like watching other people play a video game
0.4 ..the real problem with this picture, shaky-cam visuals aside... is its insistent, talky, unnecessary earnestness, which adds a good fifteen minutes of flab to the picture...
0.4 Toting and furious, Michelle Rodriguez is as game as ever in the Michelle Rodriguez Role; otherwise it's personality-free, and hewn from a script of purest Monterey Jack
0.75 This jacked-up B-movie hybrid of "Black Hawk Down" and "War of the Worlds" is a modest but crafty triumph of tension over good sense and cliche.
0.5 [It] isn't nearly as good as any of the movies that may have inspired it, or even its own knockout trailer.
0.625 A solid popcorn movie, with plenty of action, explosions and low-key mayhem unlikely to scar even the most fragile of psyches.
0.5 An electrifying film that manages to be engrossing and entertaining in spite of its flaws.
0.5 Me, I would rather have enjoyed a big breakfast.
0.375 A tiresome fireworks display starring a cast of cardboard cutouts, quick to make a visceral fuss but frustratingly negligent when it comes to providing a reason to care.
0.375 Should have been titled "Call of Duty: Martian Warfare 2."
0.75 A full metal racket, Battle: Los Angeles is like a Michael Bay movie without the meatheaded, over-the-top indifference that usually implies. The destruction is spectacular.
0.6 War of the Worlds meets The Hurt Locker in director Jonathan Liebesman's down-and-dirty alien-invasion flick.
0.6 Rabidly gung ho action thriller that plays like Black Hawk Down with aliens, though the impressive special effects and decent action sequences are badly let down by a script that ensures no cliche gets left behind.
0.125 Here's a science-fiction film that's an insult to the words "science" and "fiction," and the hyphen in between them. You want to cut it up to clean under your fingernails.
0.8 Predictable, obvious, and often corny -- but Battle L.A. is also exciting, kinetic, and six kinds of loud, crazy fun.
0.6 What is an otherwise decent war movie is marred by unforgivably bad writing and even worse acting.
0.6 At a time when Hollywood is generally too afraid to touch America's dual wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Battle: Los Angeles offers up a safer alternative
0.5 Considering there are so many new ways to tell an alien-invasion story (found footage, mockumentary, spoof), Battle: Los Angeles is almost defiantly old-fashioned.
0.625 It might be different with well-developed characters or a story that offers more depth or breadth, but the movie is predominantly pyrotechnics and, as impressive as some of those are, they don't warrant two hours worth of screen time.
0.6 Battle: LA is perfect cinema for gamers.
0.7 'Battle' comes off more like a summer action movie with a massive scope and insane visual effects... 'Battle' is like a wicked mix between the "Call of Duty" and "Gears of War" video games.
0.7 Packs enough firm-jawed, flag-rippling machismo to make Michael Bay look like some mumbling pinko pussy.
0.4 The weak link is Christopher Bertolini's script, which lumbers the flat military characters with hackneyed dialogue and corny sentimentality. Not even Eckhart can survive such banality, and kick-ass specialist Michelle Rodriguez is wasted.
0.6 Imagine Black Hawk Down with ETs instead of Somalis and you'll have the measure of an explosive if functional actioner that will do while we're waiting for summer's big guns to arrive.
1.0 This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
1.0 How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
1.0 This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
1.0 This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
1.0 It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
1.0 O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
0.625 ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
1.0 Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
1.0 Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
1.0 [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
1.0 A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
0.75 The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence.
1.0 Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
1.0 It's a truly magnificent film.
1.0 For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
0.75 The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
1.0 Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
1.0 An epic achievement in filmmaking.
1.0 A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
1.0 A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
0.75 If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
1.0 Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
0.9 One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
1.0 Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
0.91 Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
1.0 ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
1.0 I am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen.
1.0 We remember the quiet, empty passages, the sun rising across the desert, the intricate lines traced by the wind in the sand.
0.9 This is a film for the ages.
1.0 At the center of Lean's superbly sun-drenched, 70mm canvas is Peter O'Toole's eccentric but magnificent portrayal of the erudite, Oxford-educated lieutenant.
1.0 There are great action scenes, and the photography by Lean regular Freddie Young is, I believe, is the best ever put on film.
1.0 Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job?
0.625 The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues.
1.0 As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless.
0.75 Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies"
0.4 The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded.
0.8 Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little.
0.9 It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style.
0.4 Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values.
0.75 Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up.
0.75 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy.
0.7 The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison.
0.8 Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel.
1.0 Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff.
0.6 Average animated action tale features troubled superheroes.
0.4 It's too violent for younger viewers, but not mature enough for older ones. It's a movie trapped in between target audiences.
0.4 It feels like the longest, deathliest panto ever made -- and still it isn't over.
0.625 Maybe Harry Potter could cast a magic spell over us before we see his new movie.
0.7 Yates does a pretty good job with the heavy lifting, but there's not much poetry to this exercise that brings the story of the boy wizard one step closer to its conclusion.
0.8 Deathly Hallows is the first Harry Potter film that fully delivers on the promise of J.K. Rowling's works, expertly balancing a tricky and expansive narrative, along with quiet character moments and some rollicking action sequences.
1.0 As J.K. Rowling wove a conclusion as ominous as it was elegant in the final installment of the Potter series, so too has director David Yates in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows.
0.83 Sure, there are some rearranging and compressing of scenes and facts, but the two-and-a-half hour runtime for half a book allows screenwriter Steve Kloves and director David Yates the space to faithfully retell a really good story.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is beautifully shot with wonderful atmosphere and an appropriately dark tone, making it a very enjoyable experience.
0.8 The biggest plus of this film is that the story is brought out of Hogwarts and into a greater world.
0.875 Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "Empire Strikes Back" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them.
0.3 This penultimate entry in the series lacks the life and the imagination of its worthy predecessors.
0.75 It seems unfair to chide the entire film for one sagging act, so in the end, this first part gets a slight recommendation for its characters, art direction, and some thrills.
0.875 A terrific set-up to the final chapter of our favorite boy wizard's saga.
0.9 Far more emotionally complex and scary than any previous entry - Potter 7.1 is the franchise's best chapter yet.
0.7 Fortunately, the good outweighs the mediocre, so in the end this is one of the better installments in the series.
0.75 No more professors, no more books; no more Potter's defiant looks.
0.875 The domineering final stretch of a story that has become as much popcorn distraction as old, reliable friend is shaping up to be part family reunion, part merciless slugfest.
0.5 The magic is lost on the very young because of the films' even darker tone.
0.875 The saga of Harry Potter definitely heats up before it winds down.
0.6 Probablemente la mejor de la serie desde El Prisionero de Azkaban (2004), HP7 es una pelicula de clima denso, oscuro y ominoso, excelentemente filmada.
0.78 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I is the first entry of the franchise to really capture the essence of J.K. Rowling's masterworks.
0.8 Although it feels far too long, Yates and Kloves thankfully mix the dark drama with lighter comedy, allowing the characters to grow organically
0.625 Potter stumbles at the finish line with tepid Hallows.
0.9 The trio has clearly advanced beyond the pure buddy stages of childhood.
0.8 Judging by this first half, this touchstone series is well on its way to getting the sendoff it deserves.
0.9 Yates has been building his version of this world for two movies now, and he rightfully doesn't let up.
0.9 Fulfills the promise of Brit TV director David Yates as the perfect Harry Potter director -- and quite possibly as a filmmaker to reckon with in general.
0.8 "Deathly Hallows" is a significant improvement over the slow and talky previous film
0.7 Pretty artful, complex, compelling work for a film that technically doesn't have a beginning or end.
0.75 The grimness of Deathly Hallows replaces the lighthearted tone of the previous films ... how much of an improvement this is depends on how serious you thought the series should be.
0.8 Part 1 concludes with good and evil evenly balanced, both sides having suffered losses in pursuit of ultimate victory.
0.75 The decision to split it into two movies couldn't have paid off more. Yates finally has the time to spend with Harry, Ron, and Hermione that's he hasn't had lately, and the movie is 100 percent better for it.
0.5 In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, the tone has completed its change. The initial innocence, playfulness, and fresh discovery of magic is long gone. Horror now prevails.
0.5 A stop gap, not a movie.
0.7 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a damn fine piece of film - if I had the faintest idea what was going on in it, I might have enjoyed it even more.
0.5 Has too many plot threads to follow in its willy-nilly efforts to set the stage for the real ending.
0.8 It may be the scariest, but it's also one of the strongest in the series.
0.5 Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment.
0.8 It's not without its faults, but those glitches are largely irrelevant because it ticks all the boxes Potter-heads want to see ticked.
0.75 David Yates's third crack at the franchise goes to a dark, interesting place, even if the whole enterprise feels rather played-out, so last decade.
0.6 On its own, it's the worst film in the series since the first two... I suspect it will wear well. It was never meant to be a stand-alone movie, after all.
0.75 A water-treading sequel with no emotional momentum ostensibly serving as a setup for next summer's grand finale
0.75 It's essentially a horror movie, set in the belly of the beast, almost literally: The film's not 10 minutes old before a giant constrictor opens its fanged jaws and swallows the camera lens -- and us -- whole, plunging the screen into darkness.
0.6 If its total success can only be properly measured upon arrival of the conclusion in July, the fact that Part 1 makes that worth waiting for should be taken as some kind of victory.
0.8 While this Harry Potter is the most murky and forlorn so far, its most grave battle is the internal question between the corporate and creative types. We know why the seventh film was extricated into two, but should it really have been?
0.6 Saved by a riveting first hour, excellent cast and beautiful production, a multitude of flaws in pacing, exposition and the strange point at which the film ends puts this chapter far from the best in the franchise.
0.75 the cleaving of Rowling's 759-page finale into two separate films ultimately benefits the material, allowing the filmmakers to take their time and keep as much of the story as possible while also maintaining a taut narrative pace
0.5 The three main leads' deficient acting ability causes the movie to falter in the middle. The absence of the colorful supporting players to bolster enthusiasm is a crucial missing ingredient. The computer-generated special visual effects are...
0.8 Of all characters, Dobby (at one point the Jar Jar Binks of the Harry Potter World) steals the show.
0.75 The coasting comes in the middle of the movie, which is fortunate since it leaves the production with a vibrant opening act and a powerhouse final hour.
0.75 The best-looking and best-acted film in the series so far. Drags a bit in the middle act. Otherwise, a solid wind-up for the grand finale.
0.8 The genius of why this film, like the book, resonates so deeply is that Rowling has found the perfect junction of pure fantasy and real politics gone horribly wrong
0.75 This latest installment is almost Bressonian in its setup and execution. If nothing else, it's audacious.
0.8 Get ready for a long eight months, Potterites.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Although it represents a natural progression in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 will be a slog for those new to the Potter universe.
0.75 We might sometimes take the skills of Radcliffe, Grint and Watson for granted ... they deserve acclaim for keeping the continuity of their performances intact for a decade.
0.75 'Part II' won't come until next summer so for now, if you have been a faithful follower, you won't bored at all with this installment, just a bit anxious for the next one.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is slower and stranger than any of the previous films, simultaneously raising hopes for a haunting finale while dimming hopes for a magical one.
1.0 By any measure, Deathly Hallows is a ripping thriller.
0.7 ...what should have been great is merely good, a solid prequel to the proposed chaos to come.
0.875 Yates, Radcliffe and the rest of the Potter posse are giving fans exactly what they deserve -- a powerful denouement worthy of a boy wizard who has charmed the world for more than a dozen years.
1.0 'When I say that HP7 is amazing, please understand that if it violated my love for the book, I'd be ripping it to shreds with my bare hands.'
0.73 The dark tone, the real sense of sacrifice, the strained relationships, and an ending that suggests that the good guys are utterly outmatched, combine to give this film stakes that feel like they matter.
0.722 Somewhat unevenly paced and lacks exposition, but there's no denying its stylish, exquisite production values. Avid Harry Potter fans will be captivated, thrilled and left drooling for Part 2.
0.625 Penultimate installment mostly for lovers of the books
0.6 All Yates has to do is coax decent performances out of his young charges and make sure the fantastical is a fair representaion of what happens in the books.
0.8 Harry Potter fans, your bittersweet moment is here. Fortunately, the sweet far outweighs the bitter.
0.8 Excellent, epic saga continues to get darker, more intense.
0.4 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow: Part 1 is bad on an epic scale. The worst film in the series. Period.
0.5 A meandering, downbeat steppingstone to the Potter series' grand finale.
0.75 We get to see the characters raw and frayed - almost junkie-like - without the saccharine pill coating that usually helps us swallow the bad stuff happening in Harry Potter Land.
0.875 A very satisfying blend of mood and spectacle, action and character, wonder and fear.
0.8 Childhood things ...[are] set aside as our three heroes, now young adults, set off on their own like resistance fighters in a World War II movie.
0.75 The first part of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is everything fans should expect: It is brooding, a bit scary, action-packed, sentimental, dangerous and grand.
0.875 Who needs Hogwarts?
0.625 The most disappointing of the series, but better than most movies out there.
0.75 Not surprisingly, "Part 1" feels like only half a film, but as this beloved series prepares to draw to a close, it is a mighty good start.
0.8 To the muggles among the critics who carp about this or that, this isn't for you. It's for those of us invested in this saga, and for whom July 2011 cannot come soon enough.
0.875 Readers expecting everything plus the kitchen sink - or, in this case, seven magical Horcruxes - should not be disappointed.
0.625 The build-up to part two is a fine tease to the end of a franchise that has quickly started to feel like a chore.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows lacks warmth, whimsy, playfulness and hope. And that is precisely what makes it great.
0.6 This really is a more grown-up affair, and very scary, whether with the Dark Lord's manipulation of his minions in Malfoy Manor, or in Bathilda Bagshot's reptilian stare.
0.875 It's a film of great courage and artistry, a movie ostensibly for children that's also worthy of them.
0.8 There are a number of touches that aren't just magical but also deeply moving.
0.625 This one is a long, archetypal journey that screeches to a halt a few stops short of its destination.
0.8 This is a Harry Potter film that functions as a dark, emotional character study more than a fun adventure, which will be disconcerting for some. But if you love these characters, as many of us do, you'll find a lot to admire.
0.4 Despite its enormous popularity and commercial success, the Harry Potter saga seems destined to be remembered as never quite adding up to the sum of its parts.
0.6 If the film's main job was to whet the appetite for the next one, it does that well.
0.5 Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1" delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun.
0.75 Radcliffe, Watson and Grint, having literally grown up in their characters, are ready for their close-up. They earned it, they deserve it and they nailed it.
0.75 For the first time, their coming-of-age journey outshines the special effects.
0.875 Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best installment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost.
1.0 Reclamar da "lentidao" da narrativa seria apenas um atestado da mais absoluta incapacidade de compreender as necessidades do projeto, exigindo acao inconsequente de uma obra mais preocupada em retratar o desgaste de seus protagonistas.
0.6 The three young wizards on a quest that will test their loyalties, courage, and magical abilities to the max.
0.7 I'm certainly ready to see the final entry in the series just to see how it all ends - not that years of spoilers haven't already ruined that for me - but HP7.1 hardly packs in a finale to send you home salivating for 7.2.
0.7 Deathly Hallows I actually manages to be involving and kind of artful about the boredom and loneliness of heroism.
0.625 The truth is that this film is mostly plain work, done by rote, like any introductory potions class. The real fun -- and thrills and tears -- come next year.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with his initial adaptation of J.K. Rowling's seventh and final novel except for the fact that it ends with the best parts of the story yet to be told.
0.625 At 146 minutes, "Part 1" is like a director's cut or a DVD filled with bonus materials that expands to fill the available space through dilution.
0.4 ... dreary, murky and cheap ...
0.7 Warner Bros. had no choice but to split the final installment in the Harry Potter series into two parts, but doing so leaves an unsatisfying feeling when the credits roll.
0.625 Like a virgin's padded bra, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I is all tease, zero payoff.
0.8 Easily the best Potter film since 'Azkaban.' The cinematography is beautiful, the magic is fun and the characters are deep. Did Peter Jackson direct the middle section?
0.625 The upside of this, one supposes, is that when Part 2 comes out next year it will be nonstop excitement. We've already endured the iffy parts.
0.875 The best of the franchise to date, a satisfying, appetite-whetting setup for the series finale.
0.8 'Deathly Hallows' is a true epic, one can only wonder how massive the second half will be.
0.875 This is a three-jumps-out-of-your-seat thriller -- a road movie minus Bob and Bing, a gray-hued travelogue through the shoddy side England, Scotland and Wales -- bog, moor and power plants.
0.9 Even though it ends in the middle, Deathly Hallows: Part 1 finds notes of anxious suspense and grave emotion to send its characters, and its fans, into the last round.
0.7 If in past Potters -- especially the early ones -- Radcliffe, Watson and Grint were wisely surrounded by one acting legend after another, here they're called on to shoulder the story on their own.
0.5 Alas, as directed by the returning David Yates, these big chase sequences are the usual compendium of ear-splitting noise and eye-glazing edits -- again, no magic required and none delivered.
0.625 It's grim, funny in one sequence about shapeshifters, vivid in moments of violent action, nearly devoid of plot twists and marked by long patches where Harry, Ron and Hermione camp in the woods.
0.9 David Yates' fluid, fast-paced direction sends up the crackling tension of a thriller.
0.75 It's the closest the HP movies will get to a reserved character drama. My favorite parts are the tiny, dialogue-less character moments packed with emotional undercurrents.
0.9 Potter devotees will find much to admire in the movie directed by David Yates, although its sensibility is much closer to that of a horror movie than a traditional fantasy/adventure.
0.6 Rowling's flaws as a storyteller are much more evident in this film than in previous installments.
0.8 For those who have felt their emotional investment flourish over the course of six films, indulging extra attention to details is a pleasure.
0.8 Gone are the sweet hijinks at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as any "hey, look at me!" magical inventions; Deathly Hallows is all business -- taut, fraught, and fearsome.
0.7 The filmmakers...adapt Rowling's tale with as much fidelity as their budget, effects crew, production designers, actors, and common sense will allow.
0.8 Drags a bit in the second act, but it's a solid buildup to the final chapter in this legendary franchise.
0.8 Ominous and downbeat but a compelling, visual treat, this certainly whets our appetite for next year's big finale.
0.75 The seventh "Harry Potter" movie asks the most of its audience thus far, and returns the least. If you're not a fan and know nothing of the characters, the film will be a difficult slog. Those bought into the franchise will be appropriately enthralled.
0.6 The film plays more like an extended prologue than a story in its own right. But some stunning set pieces and a beautiful animated segment redeem things considerably.
0.795 Basically, you'll love it if you love Potter and you'll hate if you hate Potter, but if you're just looking for some fun in the theaters you can do far, far, far, far, far worse than Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
0.75 The movie builds erratically to the moment when the end credits start rolling. After sacrificing nearly 2 1/2 hours to this movie, there's a sense that more is deserved.
0.875 For those caught up in the "Potter" world -- and surely anyone who isn't dropped out of this franchise long ago -- "Deathly Hallows" is immensely satisfying.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 features some of the strongest, most beautifully realized moments in all of the series. In other respects, it is one of the most fundamentally problematic entries.
0.875 Kloves brings Rowling's world to life, engrossing you in the story and making your truly care about these characters.
0.6 As setup for the long-awaited climax, Part 1 does its job, and manages to take time for some meaningful emotional moments along the way.
0.8 The final book ... has been cleft in twain ... a move that is both cruel and absolutely necessary. Some will argue that the resulting product is merely half a film, and they'd be right. It's also one-eighth of the full story, so why start complaining now?
0.8 Half of the final story, yes, but a beautifully paced film that lingers in the dark magical world as Harry, Ron & Hermoine find themselves in a self imposed exile in search of the fragments of Voldemort's soul.
0.625 I'd be lying if I said I'm not eager to see how everything turns out.
0.4 If you haven't read the book, do so. This is the first 150 minutes of the final novel adaptation (part two next spring) and to me it was virtual gobbledegook.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 begins in eerie, chilling darkness and things don't let up from there, as director Yates crafts a truly terrifying spell over the Potter-verse.
0.75 Like Alfonso Cuaron, who made Azkaban, Yates and his crew are as visually descriptive as Rowling was with language.
0.7 It's not a bad movie, but it is very much a transitional one, with Warner Bros. splitting J.K. Rowling's last installment in the "Potter" series into two films.
0.75 Much of the heavy lifting falls to Watson, and, in such moments as the one where she must wipe out her family's memories of her to protect them, she is more than up to the task.
0.5 To be fair to Deathly Hallows, the filmmakers have tried hard to fill the proceedings with battles and chases and debilitating curses. Genuine filmmaking excitement, however, is harder to provide.
0.75 The high quality of the series remains. Returning director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves remain attentive as ever to Rowlings' holy text, and the mood is as magic as always.
0.75 When Warner Brothers announced that it planned to split the seventh, and final, installment of J.K. Rowling's wizarding septology into two separate films, I figured it was all about the money. Turns out it was all about the story.
0.5 More like Harry Potter and the Torturous Moping.
0.8 David Yates better captures both the playful and solemn tones of J.K. Rowling's writing, making Harry's wildest and most dangerous journey also one of great adventure and growth.
0.5 This series is really getting tired. The films of J.K. Rowling's mega-popular books were always handled with grim seriousness by the various directors assigned to them, but at least in the early films there was a sense of magic and originality.
0.3 The pervasive dark tone, the heavy-handed dialogue and the sloth-like pace of Deathly Hallows reflects the self-importance that has now overwhelmed the obligation to entertain.
0.75 It's easy to get lost in the rich, two-and-a-half hour installment, but it wraps up too abruptly.
0.8 While intriguing and action-packed, it's far more perilous, intense and realistic than previous installments.
0.875 A grim landscape for our heroes...So grim, in fact, that you may feel as if Harry, Ron and Hermione are the last survivors of an apocalyptic aftermath and Part II may be all the better for it.
0.7 Fans will enjoy the dark, brooding, gorgeous penultimate film of one of the most solid genre series ever. Casual observers will likely be confused as hell or bored silly.
0.8 The first part of Deathly Hallows has plenty of invigorating imagery alongside the pro forma narrative elements.
0.75 I could watch this stuff all night, and practically did since the movie is so needlessly long.
0.75 The film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen.
0.75 I knew magic could be dark - there is plenty of that in Part 1 - but who knew it could also be so sad?
0.8 Equal parts action thriller, political parable, and multidimensional love story, Hallows feels sad and strong and true.
0.75 The story-within-the-story regarding the deathly hallows is visualized by way of shadow-puppet style animation, and the effect is quite beautiful.
0.5 Potter's a plodder. This magician's either out of tricks or frustratingly saving them for next time.
0.9 There is suspense and action in this film, but there is also lots of room for emotion, and for the audience, a satisfying build up to next summer's grand finale.
0.8 This isn't a great movie viewed in isolation but it is near on the perfect adaptation of the prelude to this beloved story's conclusion.
0.9 I'm anxiously awaiting the next Harry Potter, and this is probably the only film series I can think of where each film is better than the last.
0.75 When a movie begins with the Warner Bros. logo crumbling in decay and ends with a defiled grave, you know you've experienced an evening of magic.
0.6 Often just seems to be going round in very decreasing circles, chasing its own fairytale.
0.6 If nothing else, this penultimate film does leave you anticipating how it will all turn out in the final film, which is a lot more than can be said about other comparative film franchises.
0.6 Good enough, even for those of us who have no idea what's going on once the plot resorts to Potterbabble.
0.6 The darker atmosphere and real-world locales makes this the most mature and humanistic entry to date, but it's hard not to miss the warmth and whimsy that has been left behind.
0.9 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is warm without being cloying; frightening without outstaying it's welcome, and it manages to prey on deep-seeded fears with remarkable proficiency.
0.7 Yates has developed a distinctive visual style and there are some striking locations in this film, landscapes that have an almost dreamlike power. And the action has an abrupt kinetic impact.
0.8 On the evidence of this, his penultimate film, the teenage wizard is getting the send-off he deserves.
0.7 An unfamiliar new setting does little to diminish the humour, heart and excitement of the Harry Potter franchise on form.
0.6 A film with no beginning and no end but a whole lot of expository middle, this is the least satisfying instalment in the series since Chris Columbus folded up his director's chair.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 definitely whets appetites for the final outing as it builds to a stunning climax tinged with sadness and anticipation about the inevitable battle between Harry and Voldemort which will conclude next year...
0.8 Darker and scarier than its predecessors, this is a fitting and enjoyable run-up to the action packed finale, though it might be a bit baffling if for some reason you haven't read the books or seen the previous films.
0.6 Exposition heavy, Potter 7: Part One is an entertaining but flawed prelude to the real finale.
0.65 Deathly Hallows - Part 1 isn't necessarily bad but it's more than a little disappointing.
1.0 This is a superb beginning to the end of a great British success story. You rejoice that they decided to forgo 3D. The Potter films don't need gimmicks to get our attention.
0.6 The most memorable sequences in the film are not, for once, the action scenes but the acting ones.
0.6 It's gripping alright, but ends all too abruptly.
0.6 While it's by no means a bad Harry Potter movie, the overriding feeling is that it's an incomplete one. Here's hoping that Yates and his team put that right next summer.
0.6 The first and third acts are over-busy; the middle one moves like an arthritic house-elf. Still, a decent smattering of magic moments and tension's pumped up sky-high. Bring on Part 2.
0.8 Your appetite will be whetted for what promises to be an almighty showdown before the curtain comes down on Harry Potter for good.
0.8 We have watched these three growing up and their performances have never been better -- particularly Grint, who gets the opportunity to do more than just play for laughs.
0.4 It's hard to mourn the demise of a franchise that was never more than half-alive to begin with.
1.0 A towering achievement. Or rather, half of a towering achievement.
0.6 The final story may well be colourful and complex, but, on this evidence, there's absolutely no artistic justification for a two-movie split.
0.6 Mildly entertaining action movie with The Rock.
0.625 I think you can smell what the Rock is cooking: a dish that'll fatten your head but pleasantly plump your gut. [Blu-ray]
0.8 If, like me, you dismissed The Rundown as just another stupid action vehicle for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson - get in the apology line behind me
0.2 It's Midnight Run with added insects but with only a twentieth of the humour and a hundredth of the charm.
0.75 It's slick, it's loud, and it's catalyzing--a gadfly of a film from a subversive filmmaker approaching the mainstream but not quite there yet.
0.4 O diretor Peter Berg e sua equipe foram assaltados quando estiveram no Brasil a procura de locacoes. Pois bem: eles se vingaram - e este longa e a prova disto.
0.75 [L]ikely to cement The Rock's place at the top of the current action hero pile.
0.625 A letdown, more marketing tool than movie.
0.75 It's a fun ride and a throwback to the kind of action movies that were popular in the 1980s, the days before ... special effects dominated every frame.
0.6 [T]he plot and the characters and the action set pieces all have to be built around an action star. The Rundown... indicates that the Rock is ready to be that star.
0.5 One of those failed adventure yarns in which the character interaction is forced to make up for other shortcomings.
0.75 The Rock is the action star of the new millennium, and his charismatic presence in The Rundown solidifies that.
0.75 A smart, fun actioner.
0.4 Not a single character behaves with any logic at all, but at least they're colourful and energetic enough to keep our interest.
0.7 It shows potential for a new franchise and a new star, or stars, in the genre.
0.625 If you can smell what The Rock is cooking, then get a sensational whiff of his homemade cinematic snack known as the giddy and glossy executed The Rundown
0.8 The final action flick of the summer is in fact the best.
1.0 Far and away one of the most enjoyable, not to mention best-made, action comedies since the original Lethal Weapon.
0.875 Aided by a strong cast and a smart script, The Rock makes The Rundown one of this year's premiere action movies.
0.6 What's fun about the film are its goofy sense of humor, wild and crazy stunts, and the cheerful willingness of The Rock to poke fun at himself.
0.3 The screenplay ... is the sort of mishmash of action-hero and mismatched buddy-movie cliches that makes obsessive action-film geeks, such as myself and the friend I attended the screening with, gnaw our lips off in sheer desperation.
0.625 The fights almost make up for the excessively juvenile humor and a portrayal of Brazil that's as ridiculous as the depictions of Africa in old Tarzan movies.
0.75 The Rundown stomps about to its own nutty rhythm. Unlike the abysmal The Scorpion King, it's a movie that leaves you slaphappy, not slapping your forehead.
0.75 With a summer as full of action movies as this one, you wouldn't think there'd be room for one more, yet "The Rundown" manages to keep an air of freshness without doing anything terribly new.
0.625 Within the context of the script's gradual decline, The Rundown's faults narrowly outweigh its virtues.
0.75 I've been placing all my money on Vin Diesel, but it's time to hedge my bets: The Rock is the action star for this generation.
0.5 Shows The Rock's promise as an action star. A better director would have let him deliver on that promise.
0.7 Passable entertainment that is notable primarily as The Rock's successful vehicle to action stardom.
0.75 The Rock's acting skills are treading water midway between the island of infinitesimal and the isthmus of immeasurable.
0.25 A black hole of nothingness that is not only hackneyed, but also mindnumbingly boring.
0.7 There's no logical reason for The Rundown to be any good. But with The Rock's sure presence and Peter Berg's gonzo direction, it's anything but bad.
0.8 Puts similar movies to shame simply by bringing that infectiously goofy FUN back into what's generally known as the Mindless Action Flick.
0.625 Whatever Scott drains from the picture, The Rock adds back in. He's a natural, a presence we take to immediately.
0.8 With surprising presence and quiet confidence, The Rock has cooked up a winner.
0.9 It adds up to prime stuff for us action junkies and admiration for the new guy in town, The Rock.
0.5 If Arnold Schwarzenegger had made a movie this tepid in his Commando/Terminator heyday, burned fans would be suggesting that he pursue some tenure as a Fresno alderman.
0.75 No need to run down The Rundown. The latest from The Rock is solid.
0.6 Breezy entertainment.
0.4 Too often brings guffaws at all the wrong moments, when it's not being simply too stupid for words.
0.625 While you won't exactly walk out humming the plot, The Rundown should go down quite decently with popcorn.
0.75 A witty, fast-paced action film.
0.625 A good showcase for the former wrestler's impressive physical prowess and decent comic timing.
0.5 As an action director, Peter Berg applies simple principles: speed it up, make it louder, blur it with effects. So we never get a true fix on just how good an action machine the Rock might be.
0.7 An amusing bit of escapist fare.
0.5 The film vacillates between balmy stabs at humor and milking its sodden social conscience. Meanwhile the script devolves into people yelling 'Shut up!' at each other.
0.75 The Rock shows off some impressive comic timing...
0.6 A fun ride.
0.5 Don't expect new horizons in the annals of odd-couple, comedy-action flicks.
0.75 The Rock reveals his classy transition from WWE star to a charming and charismatic big-screen action hero.
0.5 A brisk, good- hearted but predictable and uninspired -- not to mention bone-crunchingly violent -- action comedy.
0.75 It's more fun than most of what passed for popcornsellers this past summer.
0.5 The Rock does have a winning screen presence, even when the material falls short.
0.625 The Rundown doesn't break any new ground, but it doesn't leave you wishing you had stayed home, either.
0.625 Noisy, bombastic and ludicrous enough to please any WrestleMania crowd.
0.75 The Rundown offers everything a good movie of this sort should: plenty of suspenseful action, a few good laughs, and a share of obligatory 'reluctant buddy' bonding.
0.8 The Rundown is big fun at the movies.
0.7 The way The Rock pulls off the jokes and macho stunts in Rundown, Hollywood may just have found its new action king.
0.625 Connoisseurs of Christopher Walken, and there are some hard-core addicts lurking about, will have good reason to take in The Rundown -- they can add a few more riches to their treasure chest of Wonky Walken Moments.
0.75 The Rundown understands how to take itself seriously and have fun, and gives respect to an audience that usually doesn't deserve any.
0.625 A B-movie that seems to be well aware of what it is.
0.75 Rife with chases, explosions, boyish banter.
0.875 The jungle locations give the film a texture and beauty that underlines the outsized characters.
0.5 While the first half of The Rundown is a satisfying buildup, the second half is a tiresome letdown.
0.625 The Rock ought to expand his horizons and get himself a nice, quiet comedy.
0.4 Without comprehensive scientific data, it's hard to determine whether the Rock is igneous or metamorphic, but his latest film is definitively moronic.
0.7 Precisely as charismatic and ridiculous as The People's Elbow.
0.7 Through the jumble emerges The Rock, who becomes the main reason to see this movie. He turns it into a personal playground and does what he was meant to do -- get the audience on his side.
0.75 The cinematic equivalent of a pulp novel. Nobody will ever mistake it for great literature, but it's darn near impossible to tear yourself away.
0.7 If you're looking for popcorn entertainment, pick option A. This is an action comedy that delivers on both counts.
0.8 Knockdown, drag-out, "Yee-HAW!" action-comedy works thanks to the skill of the ensemble on both sides of the camera.
0.625 It's all silly . . . with enough bone-crunching brawls to hospitalize a regiment for a month, but naturally characters merely pick themselves up and dust themselves off just like Wile E. Coyote.
0.75 The Rundown is just a helluva fun time at the movies; better than your average buddy/chase flick and funnier than most comedies.
0.625 ...an odd example of Hollywood gun worship.
0.75 For all its glossy, genuinely entertaining action, it's uncertain how long The Rundown will stick with you once you leave the theater. What is certain is this: The Rock has arrived as a movie star.
0.75 Loads of goofy fun.
0.4 A strictly formulaic action picture that suggests some of Mr. Schwarzenegger's early, low-budget vehicles, like Commando and Raw Deal.
0.875 Blistering action sequences and a story that moves faster than an Arizona winter.
0.4 For much of the film, Berg is content to act like a Michael Bay wannabe, orchestrating large action set pieces that get increasingly tiresome and WWE-like as individuals get mindlessly slammed into the dust.
0.5 Basically a 10th-tier rehash of the Indiana Jones genre, laced with moments that are actually clever and exciting.
0.75 The Rundown has what we usually want to see in movies like this: bravura action, tongue-in-cheek humor, but most of all attitude.
0.5 The Rock has a flair for action and comedy; he's a real movie star.
0.8 With humor that runs the gamut from pee jokes to Heart of Darkness references, The Rundown is unrealistic, goofy, juvenile, absurdly violent and completely recommended.
0.6 Just silly enough to be worth your time.
0.375 Johnson is a natural action hero, a point presumably made rather cheekily by way of an early cameo from none other than Ahhnold himself.
0.75 Who knew The Rock possessed as much on-screen presence, charisma and good humor as he displays in "The Rundown"?
0.4 Yet another paint-by-numbers buddy comedy tailor-made for the former wrestler's brawny talents.
0.6 The shockingly restrained Johnson is legitimately charismatic here, merely because he isn't trying to be The Rock (he doesn't raise the People's Eyebrow once!).
0.625 (The Rock) seems to be winking at the audience as if to say, "Yeah, I know it's dumb. But aren't you having a great time?"
0.75 Hilarious action picture, directed with his signature irreverence by Very Bad Things's Peter Berg.
0.8 The Rundown is smooth over everything filmmaking. [F]ast enough to keep its audience hopped up on adrenaline throughout, and smart enough to leave them with something to talk about [when it's over].
0.4 A pale rehash of Romancing the Stone with a fuel-injected overdose of testosterone.
0.6 I've been waiting for an able replacement to Sly and Arnie, and The Rock is definitely it!!
0.8 not high art, not by a longshot, but it's way big fun
0.75 0.6
0.2 Everybody on-screen seems awfully bored.
0.6 Full of action and Mel Gibson.
0.4 An interesting storyline, but it's mostly a waste of time.
0.4 Gibson does what he can, but not even Olivier could salvage this one.
0.6 Bell's charm and finesse with a right hook help elevate Angel of Death from being a mundane straight-to-DVD offering.
0.625 ...a surprisingly cinematic actioner that ultimately feels like a low-budget cousin to 2005's Sin City.
0.8 An overlooked masterpiece.
0.6 Melville at his best
1.0 At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre.
0.75 a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck
0.8 Super cool.
0.8 Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies.
1.0 Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes.
1.0 Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave.
0.8 Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table.
0.82 In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds.
0.875 A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future.
0.75 less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate
0.8 Textbook noir.
0.875 Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion.
1.0 Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum.
0.75 Picture postcard film noir.
0.9 Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics. The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly feel manufactured or inauthentic. And neither does "The Terminator."
1.0 Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way.
1.0 A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece.
1.0 Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages.
1.0 Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something more brooding, even prayerful.
1.0 Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time.
1.0 I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a single moment that isn't operating at 100%.
0.875 A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama.
0.75 James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative.
0.8 A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character. The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best.
1.0 Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.
1.0 The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.
1.0 Relentlessly entertaining
1.0 This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens.
1.0 At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion.
1.0 The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel.
0.9 The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.
0.8 A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling.
0.89 While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive. If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list.
1.0 The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid.
0.875 The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect.
0.875 seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies
0.9 ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure.
0.8 One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades.
1.0 To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre.
0.9 [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema.
0.875 The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas.
0.875 ...a justifiably iconic war film.
1.0 One of Kubrick's foremost triumphs, a genuinely challenging and uncomfortable war film
1.0 While its message is simple -- innocent young Americans are taught to be machine-like killers -- its technique is extraordinary.
0.75 If his considerable achievement in this long- awaited film falls short of his Olympian standards, there is a reason that ought to give Kubrick some satisfaction. The world has caught up with Kubrick and what he has to say.
0.875 There is a real fear at the heart of this monstrously armored, desperately defensive film.
1.0 It's a great piece of filmmaking, diminished only by a second act that fails to live up to the first act of the Marines in training.
1.0 It still qualifies as one of Kubrick's most underrated pictures, and it's second only to Apocalypse Now as the best Vietnam War movie ever made.
1.0 Kubrick again turns his unsparing eye to the dread of existence...of a godless universe...of moral frailty and civilization gone wrong...[Blu-ray]
0.6 Extremely graphic, violent Vietnam War film.
0.8 It still stands as a timeless meditation on war and its effects.
0.94 Visually poetic, darkly humorous, uncompromisingly brutal, and subversive in every way, Full Metal Jacket is easily one of the best war movies without being remotely similar to your standard issue war flick.
1.0 Somehow after the decadence of Barry Lyndon and a philosophical look at horror in The Shining, Stanley Kubrick settled into a film of unrestrained vitriol and aggression.
0.6 A hardy Kubrikian effort that warms on you with repeated viewings.
0.7 It may not be the best film Kubrick ever made, but it's still Kubrick, meaning it's better than almost anything else in cinema.
0.8 Not Kubrick's best, but often powerful, particularly for R. Lee Ermey's performance.
0.8 Never as coherent as you want it to be, but the images are often indelible.
0.8 R. Lee Ermey so owns the screen that the movie loses a fair bit of energy once he's gone.
0.9 The best movie ever made about the American experience in Vietnam happens to have been filmed by an American expatriate living in Britain.
1.0 The movie warrants a response that is perhaps the closest thing possible on film to witnessing the mayhem firsthand.
1.0 A perversely fascinating movie -- one that answers no questions, offers no hope and has little meaning.
0.8 Incredible first act; disappointing third act
0.8 Kubrick does Vietnam. Not perfect, but still powerful.
0.8 Kubrick's uneven but haunting take on Vietnam. Featuring two truly unforgettable performances from R. Lee Ermy and Vincent D'Onofrio.
0.875 Incredibly realistic and immensely enjoyable.
0.9 An examination of humans at their worst that's grounded in very specific circumstances but has universal resonance.
0.75 Many call this the best war film ever, and they're not totally wrong.
1.0 One of the finest war movies of all time ... at least of the few hundred I've seen.
0.9 The director is ruthless in his depiction of combat and the process by which these soldiers come to realize that they are, like it says on the side of Matthew Modine's helmet, born to kill.
0.625 [A] strangely shapeless film from the man whose work usually imposes a ferociously consistent vision on his material.
1.0 It is humanity as flawed system -- the faulty meat run through the grinder of war.
0.75 [Kubrick's] third best.
0.0 Absolutely disgusting waste of time. You know when you're ripping off Rambo, something's definitely wrong.
0.15 This world, geographically located anywhere between Miami and Bogota, is full of lots of rotting cheese.
0.4 Obnoxious monkeyshines.
0.8 Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
1.0 Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum. What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never see the bullet that kills you.
0.875 Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
0.9 A staggering masterpiece.
0.8 At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't let go.
0.8 It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no comfortable answers for solving any of the problems it so well describes.
0.75 Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
0.9 We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never quite like this.
0.875 As we see kids of no more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't give them what they want, we can't help but pity them.
1.0 "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us. It elicits a response. It pounds away at us until we break...
1.0 Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change. Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
0.625 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
1.0 a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
1.0 "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never have known existed.
0.88 Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
0.875 Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
1.0 The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
0.8 Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
0.8 For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
1.0 Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
1.0 A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
1.0 This isn't easy to watch. But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
0.9 Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
1.0 Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
1.0 The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not really like anything but itself. And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
0.75 ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
1.0 A lung-burning dash down Brazil's mean streets.
0.875 If the traditional gangster flick has appeared to be hobbling on its last legs over the past few years, this lightning bolt of a movie proves that there are still fresh ways to tackle overly familiar material.
0.8 It's a conspicuously stylish attention-getter that heralds the discovery of a major directorial talent.
0.75 There's no denying City of God's effectiveness in dropping us into an environment crawling with deception, brutality and blind ambition.
1.0 One of the most uncompromisingly bleak films I've ever seen.
0.8 One of those rare moviegoing experiences that simply flattens you with greatness from the word go.
1.0 Hard to watch but even harder to tear your eyes away from.
0.9 A marvelous achievement that refuses to avert its gaze from the poetry and the insane savagery of the hopeless.
0.8 There's a seldom-seen passion and a grittiness in this film that educates, entertains and terrifies.
1.0 So brilliant, so vibrant, so original and so exciting.
1.0 A real adrenaline rush -- at times it manages to be powerful, thrilling and funny and sometimes all three of them at the same time.
0.75 Meirelles takes us to a real-life deathtrap and then proceeds to make us feel twice as alive for the time we spend there.
1.0 City of God does not just show you this world; it puts you into the middle of the danger.
0.875 It has a creative intelligence and swaggering viewpoint that gives this brutal street-life saga a jagged eloquence.
0.5 The question of the picture isn't what to do with the City of God, but really why do anything when such cool movies can be made from its suffering.
1.0 Even in this day and age, City of God is shocking
0.75 It rings with the kind of truths we'd rather evade.
0.75 The teeming cast is so vitally real that acting seems nearly superfluous.
0.75 A dazzling film with deeply disturbing images.
0.75 It is a great story that is told well on film.
1.0 Traffic was brilliant fiction, but City of God proves that true stories often pack the most punch.
1.0 Part Godfather, part Lord of the Flies, City of God stings with a jolt of uncontrolled rage.
0.2 Incredible editing, but leaves an awful taste in my mouth - and I am totally desensitized to violence!
1.0 It is a provocative, controversial excursion through purgatory and hell on Earth.
0.75 As disturbing as it is impressive.
0.87 A tremendous, skilfully composed film that impresses with its artistry and quirkiness while smacking you in the solar plexus with its message.
1.0 With few exceptions, real slum kids and actors from local amateur drama clubs were cast in City of God, and the result is truly believable characters and a gritty, realistic film.
1.0 Fernando Meirelles's powerful, energetic debut mixes troubled adolescence with criminal bonding in Brazil's slums.
1.0 Visually stunning, socially relevant, and simply unforgettable.
0.9 Flies at the audience like it was shot out of a cannon ... but has its own unique soulfulness as it explores a vortex of intense poverty and violence ...
1.0 City of God is meticulous in its descriptions of well-intended individuals caught up in these ferocious waves of street crime.
1.0 Some sort of Blaxploitation epic, but built around complex characters with an incredible attention to detail and based-on-real-events poignancy.
1.0 It should be considered required viewing, I think, by anyone who seeks to understand how violence begets violence.
0.9 A universal film that plumbs the depths of depravity to find truths about the human condition.
0.75 Meirelles opens with a stark image -- close-up of a knife sharpened on a whetting stone -- and, for the rest of the film, pretty much keeps us on that knife's edge.
0.875 It's a credit to Meirelles and Mantovani that they're able to pack such an epic tale into such a tight, fast-moving package without ever stumbling or confusing us.
0.8 What work best in City of God are the portrayals of the characters involved.
0.875 A shocking, deeply disturbing film made with great passion.
1.0 A grim, outrageous, blisteringly effective underworld thriller destined to become a classic of its kind.
0.75 Long and difficult to watch, but it is never dull.
0.8 Although the subject matter will be abhorrent and repellent to some viewers, those who can accept or at least tolerate it will be in store for a tremendous piece of filmmaking featuring a mesmerizing story and an unforgettable array of characters.
0.875 An extraordinary film, but definitely not for the weak of stomach.
0.875 Meirelles has crafted a distinctive motion picture -- one takes us into the streets with an unsurpassed intensity and immediacy.
0.9 The cast of unknown actors, many from the real ghetto, provides the movie with unexpected heart and humor.
1.0 Breathtaking and terrifying, urgently involved with its characters, it announces a new director of great gifts and passions: Fernando Meirelles.
0.5 There's something distasteful in the rote way this film introduces us to two dozen hapless, heartless kids and doesn't care enough to make us feel for them.
0.8 It's like a 24/7 paintball game only they use real guns and real bullets and you get no timeouts. Disturbing, fascinating, heartbreaking, and very realistic.
1.0 The violence never feels exploitative; the only thrill you feel is that of being in the hands of a masterful storyteller opening your eyes to a world that you feel truly exists.
0.5 A well-made but pointless picture, it is a non-stop orgy of senseless violence, as teens and preteens slaughter each other like animals.
1.0 Heartbreaking and savage without being affectedly artsy or lingering. It employs sound and visuals that have a knack for conveying senses of humour, rhythms of days and the auras and values of people.
0.625 Finally more numbing than emotionally shattering.
0.875 A life study of an urban landscape, from its illegitimate birth through traumatic maturity, and on into a not-quite death that, for the generations who call City of God home, is a perpetually self-fulfilling cycle.
1.0 That rare film that manages to be seductively entertaining without ever compromising its authenticity and power.
0.5 The film is as slick as any Hollywood thriller ... that dilute the impact of what might have been an indelible cautionary tale.
0.8 A violent, thoroughly electrifying vision of Rio during the volatile 1970s, and possibly the first great crime film of the 21st century.
0.7 Though the central story of City of God is nothing new, director Fernando Meirelles doesn't let his actors gather dust.
0.8 As the movie's frenetic visual rhythms and mood swings synchronize with the zany, adrenaline-fueled impulsiveness of its lost youth on the rampage, you may find yourself getting lost in this teeming netherworld.
0.7 A potent and unexpected mixture of authenticity and flash.
0.875 This is one movie in which you don't feel the long-ish running time, in part because there always seems to be a surprise (as well as a new street guerrilla) around every corner.
1.0 If the first five minutes of God don't suck you in, it's time to scoop out your eyes and get new ones.
0.875 Life in Rio's favelas is a beach.
1.0 Meirelles' astonishing film is the Brazilian Goodfellas, an exhilarating, shocking, breathtakingly brilliant, hyper-kinetic roller-coaster ride.
1.0 Sometimes a movie comes along that just floors you, its images burn so deeply.
1.0 It's a movie with all the dials cranked up to 11, an overwhelming, intoxicating assault on the senses, and a thriller so tense that you might have the red seat plush in front of you -- or even some unfortunate's hair -- gripped in both fists.
0.8 It's in love with life even as so many of its protagonists die.
1.0 City of God may offer few solutions and little hope, but its remarkable artistry and heartrending content make it a movie for the ages.
1.0 Cinema doesn't get more exhilarating than this.
0.75 This ultra-realist MTV-style spectacle has the style and urgency of Amores Perros but none of its moral ambiguities.
1.0 Harsh and extremely shocking. And also one of the most moving and forceful films of the year.
1.0 O filme certo no momento certo.
0.625 The direction is often inspired and sure-handed, even if it's sometimes unfocused or overambitious.
0.875 The summer's best sequel and most satisfying blockbuster has finally arrived. Die Hard 2 is a blast.
0.75 Even when the script wanders into cynical overkill, Harlin makes sure the violence has some impact, some moral consequence, by sketching in characters for a few representative victims.
0.625 Though it has an inventive and unexpected plot twist, Die Hard 2 lacks credibility. "Die Hard" was that rare modern action picture with a wholly believable plot.
0.4 The filmmakers seem to be operating under the assumption that the way you top a successful movie is by making one that's louder, cruder and more violent.
0.75 The screenplay is precariously supported by the chips on John McClane's shoulders. Fortunately, it is also designed to Willis' unique specs.
0.75 Die Hard 2 delivers everything you'd expect from the title's promise. Trouble is, Die Hard 2 really didn't need to wallow in graphic violence to be a good, engaging picture.
0.8 Bruce Willis wonders aloud how it could happen to him again, but dons the white singlet anyway for this second hugely entertaining slice of action hokum.
0.6 As long as Willis is in his vest and playing McClane, it's hard to care about its shortcomings.
0.8 While this sequel may not rise to the heights of the classic first, it is still a damn fine flick with lots to love.
1.0 John McClane spreads vigilante Christmas cheer.
0.6 "How can the same thing happen to the same guy twice?" asks a bewildered and ultra-ironic John McClane. Well, make a film as successful as Die Hard and you'll soon find out.
0.5 [A] cynical, formulaic sequel.
0.75 ...as accessible and satisfying a sequel as one might've hoped...
0.4 This disappointing followup to Die Hard has more action and bigger action, but considerably less suspense.
0.6 Entertaining but forgettable.
0.6 Skillful filmmaking covers for a ridiculous plot
0.4 Too loud, too many explosions, too little intelligence.
0.6 Okay, but lacks the momentum of the original
0.6 So-so sequel that tries too hard to be the first film.
0.8 Lacks much of the rough charm and great villainy of the original, but is still a quite serviceable action flick. Willis keeps the bullets and one-liners coming.
0.625 There's not much of a plot.
0.2 Lame-brain sequel filled with some of the most ridiculous deaths in movie history.
0.6 It does its job, and clearly has no ambition to do anything else.
0.8 Unbelievably, the sequel did not suck as badly as its title had initially implied.
0.4 Try harder; a worthless sequel.
0.7 Standard sequel works well thanks to Willis and the high-flying heroics.
0.0 The setup is much more improbable as Willis' cop just happens to be at the scene of another mega-showdown.
0.4 A lot of people get shot and many punches are thrown, but there are zero memorable setpieces.
0.79 While it's impossible to find much reality in Die Hard 2, it is easy to find plenty of escapist excitement.
0.6 A sequel worth seeing.
0.6 This is an enjoyable action film: nothing requiring great thought, but certainly enjoyable.
0.875 This is terrific entertainment.
0.875 Somewhat-muddled but still entertaining.
0.75 Loaded with plausibility problems, but so fast a mover that we can't think about it. And that's all to the good.
0.7 Still loaded with action and wonderful characters, but this is the least of the three pictures.
0.8 Like an R-rated, violent Roadrunner cartoon.
0.75 Once Upon a Time in Mexico is the film I've wanted to see from Robert Rodriguez since he made Desperado in 1995.
0.6 Once Upon a Time in America is an action packed western fairy tale. It may not make much sense... but then, it doesn't have to.
0.8 An enjoyable cap to the El Mariachi trilogy that occasionally disappoints, but never mars the good name of its predecessors
0.4 This is a film with too many dum dums and not enough drama.
0.4 Assumindo as funcoes principais da producao, Rodriguez apresenta-se como verdadeiro autor de seus filmes. Pena que um nao muito bom.
0.5 Rodriguez puts a lot of mindless violence on the screen. Moment to moment the films is unpredictable, but on the large scale the plot is old, predictable, and familiar.
0.4 Rodriguez inserts loud, frenetic and oddly bloodless gun battles wherever possible and to constantly diminishing effect.
0.8 A sprawling, chaotic mess of a movie that is still incredibly enjoyable.
0.4 A shoddy Sergio Leone 'tribute' filmed from a first draft by a director who lacks the discipline to match his talent.
0.375 As an iconic image, [Depp] captures the feeling of Rodriguez's movie: blinded and shooting randomly in all directions.
0.4 gaping logic holes (baddies who kick heroes while they're down instead of killing them) and lethargic pacing make this more like That Dull Time We Spent on Vacation in Mexico
0.8 Rich on characters, but poor on plot.
0.75 Mexico has the best plotting of the Mariachi series . . . but be warned, this is still a second-tier picture that relies more on wit and technical virtuosity than inspiration.
0.625 The picture is sort of like a pinata: There are many wonderful details and players in it, but there are just as many bits that are, well, cheap.
0.75 Robert Rodriguez has wisely given each movie its own distinct flair...I like how endlessly inventive he gets with the idea.
0.625 A movie with that many freaks and creeps should be a lot more exciting than this one actually is.
1.0 A gloriously overproduced B movie -- loud, fast, gorgeously shot, brimming with bright pop-art colors. It's also deliberately and defiantly absurd -- not in the least because it's ultimately a Spy Kids movie for adults.
0.75 The first thought as the credits roll will be how you'd love to see Johnny Depp and that kid in another movie. Rodriguez may do nothing but all pulp, all the time, but he delivers it with unquestionable zest and skill here.
0.6 Where plot and plain common sense fails, Rodriguez delivers flat out cool.
0.875 Are you among my "PG-13 people?" I have a wonderful group of friends, in fact, some of my closest friends, who just plain shouldn't go to R-rated movies. The potential for violence is too great in these films. Because these nice, gentle folks have my deep
0.75 A mess of a movie that nevertheless entertains because each individual piece stands high enough on its own merits that it's not necessary to look hard at the nonsensical linking material.
0.5 Once Upon a Time In Mexico tries to be a big budget action event and just delivers a lot of explosions and gunplay with very little substance.
0.9 How this movie successfully strikes a balance between the moods of its predecessors, the tragic El Mariachi and the silly Desperado, is notable.
0.875 When Johnny Depp said America was 'like a dumb puppy that has big teeth that can bite and hurt you,' he may have been remembering his approach to his role here as a playfully dangerous CIA agent...
0.75 Entertaining with a capital 'El.'
0.5 Any semblance of a main plot vanishes. The story is just a bunch of meanwhiles.
0.375 A miserable excuse for a movie, it's almost saved by Johnny Depp's wonderfully hammy performance.
0.75 Rodriguez has given us a stylish, posturing tableau Western, based on his own mythic character, filled with full-blooded action set pieces, and set against the continuation of Mexico 's political strife.
0.77 A dog's breakfast of violence and partially developed characters, but if you can live with that, then you can have a lot of fun with this audacious, oddball film.
0.8 Once Upon a Time in Mexico is a dizzy, outrageously creative, over-the-top opera of action mayhem.
0.6 Robert Rodriguez is beginning to have delusions of Sergio Leone. Yet, when he does decide to make the film move, it races.
0.625 If "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" had a few more scenes like these and spent less time repeating the shootouts in "Desperado," the rest of the film would have more consistently matched Depp's beguiling brand of eccentricity.
0.6 "A Robert Rodriguez Flick" with plenty of gonzo fun bogged down only periodically by visions of political importance in a Vincente Fox-Mexico.
0.5 Played as a mixture of comedy (often blackened) and pedal to the metal action, the picture is a busy hit or miss affair.
0.75 Like sped-up Sergio Leone, an awesome comic book epic of a burrito Western.
0.3 As Rodriguez' hubris has swelled to Olympian proportions, so also have his films become hopelessly mired in adolescent exhibitionism.
0.625 Moves with uncanny cool; it has a strange lukewarm energy that most Hollywood action films lack.
0.625 It does have Depp to buoy it up just long enough to keep audience interest alive until the film gets to the meat of the story -- the action.
0.4 It's at once busy and lacklustre, intricately plotted yet indifferently paced, handsomely mounted but made from plastic.
0.75 Rodriguez ... has taken his work in 1995's Desperado, Mexico's precursor, and blown it up to mammoth, thrilling proportions.
0.625 Whenever Rodriguez is in a Fairbanks mood, Mexico delivers.
1.0 Despite the movie's dark humor, violence and the occasional nonvoluntary facial surgery that will drive away the queasy, Once Upon a Time in Mexico is the most crowd-pleasing film in the series.
0.5 Goes nowhere, furiously.
0.8 Rodriguez's films have always been witty, but none more than this crazy confection.
1.0 Feels like a bullfight on acid or a dish of carne asade peppered with just the right comedic seasoning.
0.6 A winking exercise in actors acting cool and the amoral joys of trigger- happiness.
0.75 A heady mix of Tarantino-esque pulp.
0.625 The Deppian touches are whimsical and hilarious.
0.75 How can you resist a movie that features Willem Dafoe sporting a tan, Mickey Rourke cradling a Chihuahua and Johnny Depp turning in another oddball tour de force?
0.7 It's hot, it's sexy, it's savage and funny.
0.7 A fun ride even if it is all style and no substance.
0.25 Shamelessly violent and shallow.
0.75 I understood the general outlines of the story, I liked the bold strokes he uses to create the characters, and I was amused by the camera work, which includes a lot of shots that are about themselves.
0.875 ...one of the best times you'll have at the movies this year.
0.8 Besides Depp's other flick Pirates of the Caribbean, this may be the most enjoyable action film of the summer.
0.875 [Rodriguez'] kid-in-a-candy-store attitude infuses every moment of this sprawling, overstuffed and giddily inventive action drama.
0.8 Robert Rodriguez knows how to mix humor and action in the same shot. It's completely over-the-top action, but that's what makes it so entertaining.
0.8 Dazzling visuals, ambitious stunts and enough raw action to please the most demanding fans.
0.5 Paying homage to Sergio Leone, Mexico aims too high and, in the process, becomes more like every generic, overplotted drug-cartel- and-revenge flick out there.
0.6 The movie feels like a jigsaw puzzle with pieces that have been wedged together with a rubber mallet. Still, large sections of the puzzle mesh quite well and deliver some solid escapist fun.
0.75 A fractured fairy tale for whom we happily suspend disbelief, right up to the best-not- believe-it 'The End.'
0.5 The action scenes have a been-there, done-that feel. And it's all ridiculously silly.
0.4 A noisy, unholy mess, with moments of wit and surprise that ultimately make its brutal tedium all the more disappointing.
0.6 Banderas inhabits the role of the mariachi with a feral grace undimished by the seven-year gap between films.
0.4 Its action often feels chaotic, simultaneously lazy and agitated, rather than choreographed.
0.7 Forget trying to follow the convoluted plot. Just enjoy the expertly choreographed action and another killer Johnny Depp performance that steals the entire movie.
0.5 It's entertaining, but if you can't stomach brutal violence and gunfire, it's best to skip this one.
0.5 Those enamored of the stylish wall-to-wall gunfights and explosions from Rodriguez's previous films will leave the theater shaking their heads.
0.625 We are meant to be amused by the film's bloodthirsty willingness to do anything to get a jolt or a laugh out of us, just as we were in The Wild Bunch, and I was amused.
0.625 The director ... has a clear knack for big action set pieces.
0.625 Even when Mexico isn't exactly making sense, it's still a blast to watch for its sheer chutzpah.
0.625 After a while, Once Upon a Time in Mexico starts having the same effect as one too many tequilas: the Hong Kong-style stunts, the goofy wisecracks, the foxy presence of Eva Mendes -- all of it becomes blurry and numbing.
0.625 A movie that goes so wrong so abruptly it's as if a meteor were heading for the set and everyone had to evacuate.
0.625 Though this wild and woolly movie will please its core audience well enough, Rodriguez has the chops to do much more.
0.625 Just as there are some sports teams you watch for the brilliant efforts of one star athlete, there are movies that rivet your attention when one performer is onscreen and go slack when he's gone.
0.6 When it works, you don't care about all the times it doesn't.
0.5 ...a big-time action movie crying out for the sheen of celluloid.
0.5 ...when gunplay takes a back seat to manifold political intrigue that would give Tom Clancy a headache, you've done your tongue-in-cheek, check-your-brain action movie a disservice.
0.625 This filmic vagabond offers up his material as amusement, by spoofing his own script and channeling the ghosts of Cinema Past.
0.8 a tall tale told with mythic idiom and infused with both wicked humor and a sense of irony that renders even the goriest mayhem into a wacky exercise in effervescent slapstick
0.375 Rodriguez is less filmmaker now than freakshow, but at least it can be said that freakshows aren't boring.
1.0 Once upon a time in Mexico is a spicy manfest extravaganza!
0.75 Just sit back and let Rodriguez take you to popcorn-movie heaven.
0.9 This third chapter in Rodriguez's Mariachi trilogy is perhaps his best film yet--a lively, outrageously enjoyable action comedy with serious subtext.
0.6 0.5
0.6 Shrek Forever After is a very mediocre affair, with crummy 3D and a real lack of laughs.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" feels more like a direct-to-video release than one that should have been put in theaters.
0.8 Shrek Forever After is a fairy tale ending for the series.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
0.6 DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
0.6 Reveals an urge by the filmmakers to wipe the slate clean, as large an admission that the series is out of ideas as one could get. That said, all involved do try to make the most of it.
0.6 ...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
0.6 It's sweet, mildly funny, and a pleasant enough farewell from these once beloved characters. But there's a somewhat melancholy tone to the proceedings, as we watch this franchise try to hold onto its final shreds of dignity.
0.5 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Interestingly, ...Forever After's biggest influence appears not to be fairy tales this time, but rather the Back To The Future series.
0.8 The movie is a family drama about the family drama, so on every available level it works a treat.
0.6 It's a neat enough way of closing the book -- and one hopes it is closed now.
0.7 Has a warm, engaging tone that draws us into the dramatic possibilities rather than the comical ones
0.6 It isn't quite as witty or inventive as you might have hoped but if it is the last film in the series then it offers an honourable conclusion to a wonderful decade of family entertainment.
0.6 An improvement over the last film...
0.6 I admit my gentle, feelgood buzz on leaving the cinema was rather premised on the assumption that the Shrek-pipeline is now empty, but it's an enjoyable film nonetheless and a nice way for the series to finish.
0.4 Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.
0.6 If we all loved the first film, enjoyed the second and were disappointed by the third, this fourth and final entry ends the Shrek series on a satisfying high note.
0.6 While it will have to settle for being the second best sequel of the franchise, Shrek's last outing ultimately reminds you of why we fell in love with these characters in the first place.
0.6 Now is the time for DreamWorks to return to the drawing board; to use this $2.5 billion series to invest in something as thrilling and adventurous as the original Shrek.
0.6 The film is engaging enough, due to a narrative gimmick that makes the old ground new again.
0.6 This fourth ogre outing delivers plenty of 3D razzle dazzle and has fun messing about with its alternate-reality storyline, but it never troubles the modernclassic status achieved by the first Shrek. Still, a chunky step up from Shrek The Third.
0.6 Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
0.6 An entertaining conclusion to the franchise -- one that parents should happily endure. But let's hope that's all, folks.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...
0.2 There's no life to the film, no spark, and more importantly no real reason for this fourth outing to have ever been made.
0.6 A welcome relief. However, it is still far, far away from the heights of the first two installments.
0.55 If anything, it's much better than the third chapter.
0.625 It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
0.7 As far as blatant milking of cash-cows go, it retains much of the heart and charm of the franchise, if not the cracking humour.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.6 The Shrek franchise is a hugely enjoyable one, with funny characters and a knowing way with mocking fairy-tales and popular culture.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.6 Shrek Forever After feels tired, but is lifted by the usual slew of wisecracks and pop culture references. The use of 3-D, while not revelatory, is apt, and adds another layer of appeal to the film's action.
0.6 A rise in quality from the very pedestrian Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek 4 shows all the signs of mortuus equus syndrome -- as in, flogging the horse which is not just sleeping.
0.6 All in all, it's not the spectacular send-off Shrek deserves but, as a way to get out, it's not too shabby either.
0.8 What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
0.75 The key, as Fiona points out, is to know when you have everything, and be grateful. It's a worthy conclusion to the tale. We can all live happily ever after.
0.75 This "final chapter" doesn't try too hard %u2014 save for the finale %u2014 to become an after-school special, the way the dreadfully dull Shrek the Third did.
0.625 doesn't do anything the previous installments hadn't already done for better or for worse
0.75 The weaknesses of the picture suggest that there really isn't anywhere else to go beyond this, but as long as they stop now, the series can always be remembered as a pleasurable one.
0.5 It's a Shrek-derful Midlife Crisis
0.625 All the edge, all the wit, all the refreshing originality that made the earlier films in the franchise so enjoyable have been all but drained from the swamp this go round.
0.625 The winking nonstop pop-culture references are as annoying as ever, but the witch army is cool, and there's no denying that Donkey, Puss in Boots, the Gingerbread Man, Pinocchio and the other supporting characters are pretty funny.
0.375 It cuts back on the rapid-fire pop culture references that dominate the other films to focus on the story, but unfortunately, the story isn't all that interesting.
0.625 This is one grim fairy tale.
0.5 Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
0.6 I got three solid laughs and one chuckle out of the whole thing. There is something wrong with that.
0.5 Not as bad as number three but not as good as one and two.
0.25 A dumbed-down ripoff strictly for the tyke demographic too young to notice that the flick's a thinly-veiled retread.
0.75 After the original spoof of fairy tales and Disney fare, it's taken three sequels to finally get one right. Now please stop.
1.0 The deepest, richest, most entertaining and the most "real" characters in movies aren't real people.
0.5 The fairy tale that has charmed adults and children is now in its fourth, and possibly final, installment.
0.875 Reminds us why we fell in love with these characters, while also finding different ways for them to interact in a new adventure.
0.8 After seeing 'Shrek the Third' I thought I was done with this movies. I thought wrong. They brought back the story. And now they can put the series to bed, happily ever after.
0.5 [Its] primary function will be to serve as a babysitter once it hits DVD.
0.582 Somewhat clever, heartfelt and much darker than its predecessors, but it's ultimately forgettable and not nearly as diverting as it could have been for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.5 [It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
0.8 You don't have to be a second coming of Albert Einstein to figure out how it will all end, but that doesn't stop Shrek Forever After from having a tremendous amount of heart.
0.6 Fiona's fierce, Shrek's lovable in still-funny 4th movie.
0.625 It's no classic, but Shrek Forever After is a pleasant reminder that every time a cash register rings, this ogre turns angelic.
0.5 It feels narratively overcooked and comically undernourished, a pale shadow of the earlier entries.
0.6 This latest episode may be agreeably snappy and snarky -- improving considerably on 2007's stale Shrek the Third -- but it's also evidence the series is out of ideas.
0.625 Shrek Forever After wanders far, far away from the infectious and propulsive zing that we've come to expect over the past nine years.
0.75 The shout line on the Shrek Forever After poster says it best: It ain't ogre till it's ogre.
0.75 Directed with zest by Mike Mitchell (from a script by Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke) and shot in 3D, this final Shrek sequel has plenty of verve.
0.9 Director Mike Mitchell and screenwriters Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke, all relatively new to the franchise, manage to lead the winning returning cast in a fresh direction.
0.55 Do we really need a movie about SHREK's midlife crisis? Really?
0.5 Forever After feels like a tired yank on the udders of a cash cow that's nearly dry.
0.625 Shrek still mopes around too much. But he recovers nicely with a good bit of help from his friends, Donkey and Puss, as fine a pair of sidekicks as filmdom has produced.
0.6 Mr. Murphy's toothy, shifty-eyed Donkey who distills the series' attitude of cheerfully curdled hipness. In his eternal upbeat cheekiness, he is a creation to rival Peter Pan.
0.5 Even though Forever After is not as fresh-seeming as its predecessors, it provides passable entertainment, especially for the kids who won't be familiar with the George Bailey storyline retread -- or midlife crises, for that matter.
0.75 Shrek's "It's A Wonderful Life," plus lots of action and Donkey teeth in 3-D.
0.75 Let Shrek Forever After be the final Shrek chapter so the franchise can end on a reasonably high note.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" lacks the charm and freshness of the original. It does entertain, though, because of its winning recipe of popular characters, humor and storytelling.
0.8 Where Shrek the Third got a bit green around the gills, this latest take, puffed up in 3D and defibrillated back to life with a snappy story, makes for some monstrously good fun.
0.5 "It's mildly entertaining, infused with the pleasant nostalgia you experience visiting friends you only get to see every few years. ... But the laughs aren't there anymore."
0.4 This is nothing more than a tired and creatively bankrupt attempt to further stretch out a property that never should have turned into a franchise in the first place.
0.625 The fourth Shrek runs out of steam from the start, cribbing from its predecessors in a last desperate attempt to evoke some of that old magic.
0.5 If you had a tough time getting through Shrek the Third, you'll probably have an even tougher time with Shrek Forever After. Oh, but it's in 3-D. That should make things pop, but it didn't make much of an impression, sort of like the rest of the animati
0.6 ...for once, the creators of this creaky series try something new and fresh.
0.875 They ought to be happy they found a way to go out on top with a good movie. Please don't follow through with the idea of doing a 5th Shrek movie.
0.75 After a disappointing third outing, this Shrek brings the cycle of fairy-tale-themed films to a fine finish.
0.5 Benjamin Franklin once said, "Fish and guests stink after three days." The same could be said of movie franchises that overstay their welcome. With Shrek Forever After, the magic is gone but at least the heart is back.
0.25 After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
0.875 Fresh, funny and, for once, a sequel worthy of summer blockbuster status.
0.75 A sunny, sweet and satisfying animated comedy.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is an improvement on the third film but misses that comedic balance that the first two films delivered.
0.75 For once ... I hope the filmmakers haven't ruled out another sequel. As Shrek Forever After proves, there's life in the big green guy yet.
0.625 What saves Shrek Forever After from utter mediocrity isn't its high-priced superstar voice talent but veteran animator Dohrn, who steals the show by making Rumplestilskin the best oily runt since Danny DeVito last dispatched a taxi.
0.6 Fanciful and, hopefully, franchise-concluding, it should have a long and prosperous life on dvd.
0.6 You've seen Shrek and it was good. If you want to know what Shrek would be like if it wasn't good, then see Shrek Forever After.
0.625 The series exits (hopefully) on the right note. It's not because it comes close to the achievement of the first two films ... but because it gets out before we turn from amused detachment to fed-up annoyance.
0.625 So fear not, "Shrek Forever After" is not a S-wreck. But unfortunately it's not S-great, either.
0.8 The magic is back
0.625 It now requires nothing less than the retroactive destruction of Shreka(TM)s idyllic family life to inject some necessary conflict back into the franchise. If you cana(TM)t fix something that isna(TM)t broke, your only recourse is to break it.
0.625 In the fourth and ostensibly final installment, Shrek and company still have some appeal, but the energy is lacking and the fun feels forced.
0.5 Having seen Shrek Forever After only four days ago, it has already begun to slowly fade from memory, whereas the original remains fresh in my mind, as if it were just viewed yesterday. What does that tell you?
0.625 It's the characters that pull us in when familiarity flatlines our interest.
1.0 ... that rare sequel that actually tops the original ...
0.75 Shrek Forever After ends (presumably) the Shrek saga on an up note, thanks to a fresh take on a classic plot twist.
0.5 With the exception of the third film, this is the least funny of the bunch.
0.5 Shrek Forever After is being billed as the last of four big-screen romps featuring the lovable slime-green ogre with the cheesy Scottish accent. And to see this final installment is to know: It's time.
0.5 The magic is gone. Like its watermelon-headed hero, Shrek Forever After has the midlife blahs.
0.75 As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
0.6 For the most part the screenwriters never lose sight of the moral of this story: Whatever else gets tossed into the mix, Shrek must be the heart and soul. In this, Myers is a master; he makes it seem easy being green.
0.625 All of this would be extremely irritating, and easy to dismiss as cynical manipulation of the moviegoing public -- except for the fact that even recycled Shrek is still pretty funny, and that kids will thoroughly enjoy it.
0.4 The kind of commercially mandated, creatively bankrupt effort that makes you realize why so many animated sequels go straight to DVD.
0.625 The quick wit and multitiered pop-culture referencing that made the inaugural Shrek so much fun doesn't feel so quick or multi almost a decade down the line.
0.6 A delightful animated portrait of Shrek's mid-life crisis and his struggle to find a way to savor the ordinary rhythms of marriage and parenting.
0.6 The novelty may have worn off, but Shrek Forever After gets better as it goes along, and it has its moments.
0.6 People will complain about what Shrek Forever After lacks in comparison to the other three installments, but I will take a drastic reduction in fart jokes and bad puns in favor of some heart any day of the week.
0.75 ...as fun and witty as its predecessors, but the movie has a completely different reason for being.
0.3 The Shrek franchise has officially gone green: Forever After is made from entirely recycled material, and it smells to high heaven.
0.25 If the screaming kids in the theater don't get to you, then the not-too-jolly green ogre's three burping, farting, and also screaming offspring will...
0.5 Forever After isn't as jumbled and irritating as 2007's Shrek the Third, but it's still decidedly pointless.
0.6 The fourth -- and allegedly final -- installment of the 'Shrek' franchise is an improvement over the third, but it won't make us clamor for a fifth.
0.5 Dreamworks seems bored with the ogre who laid the golden egg.
0.5 Shrek the Third made more than $322 million. Why kill the goose that laid the golden egg? Because it's time.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3-D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.75 The first summer movie thus far to deliver on its promise to put on a good show.
0.8 Happily, it's a move that revives our aging ogre, and renews his flagging franchise.
0.875 You can see the ending, and even the fantastically corny final line coming the whole time, but when they finally do they still hit hard.
0.5 Shrek Forever After isn't offensive, just innocuous and unnecessary, a supposed final chapter to a series that should have ended two installments ago.
0.9 Shrek is without question the funniest film of the year-at least so far.
0.5 Good enough for the kiddies, but grown-ups may find Part 4 little more than a hollow echo of the original Shrek.
0.8 If you cherish the idea of Joe Pesci, John Turturro (wearing a cowboy hat), Dean Stockwell, and Dennis Hopper in the same room, you won't be able to resist Backtrack.
0.4 One of film's greatest dissapointments.
0.5 ...mostly registers as yet another Marvel punchplosion.
0.6 (Whedon is) less a thinker than a teaser, throwing out an inexhaustible amount of ticklish ideas and tasty images that thrill from moment to moment then disappear from memory.
0.875 A true ensemble piece of entertainment.
0.8 ('Age of Ultron') is, to paraphrase an old saying, 10 pounds of movie in a five-pound bag.
0.375 We have seen the future of the CG-saturated action epic and &#8210; upon emerging bruised and battered from the local megaplex &#8210; can say with certitude that it isn't pretty.
0.625 The marvel that was 2012's The Avengers receives a letdown of a sequel ... Make no mistake: This new picture is worth seeing, but the sense of magic is largely missing from a follow-up that subscribes to the Bigger Is Better theory.
0.95 Avengers: Age of Ultron is the most substantial and significant Marvel film to date that is equally entertaining and electrifying.
0.7 Better than the average sequel, yet less sharp, fresh and energetic than I'd hoped, there's still plenty to enjoy about Avengers: Age of Ultron that makes it well worth the tons of dosh it's sure to pull in.
0.6 On the surface, all the elements are there for a summer blockbuster, but... comparing this film to The Avengers, there is no competition.
0.75 The cast, OMG. There are more people crowded in here - either in major roles or in brilliant cameos (Andy Serkis, I'm looking at you) - than are at Walgreens' on prom night.
0.4 Formula flick. Period. High tech, high voltage action followed by long stretches of boring dialogue before more high tech, high voltage action. It's too long by 20-minutes.
0.75 Sufficiently fun to be worth a look for superhero fans, although it's kept from greatness by the very nature of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
0.8 Hitting society's central nervous system through the real fear of AI gone horribly rogue, this complete sequel package weaves together a rich story, rousing special effects and the sacrificial duality of being a superhero versus the layman.
0.75 Where the film falters is the action sequences, which are exciting and boost the adrenaline, but they have a repetitious, been-there-seen-that vibe.
0.8 A sequel as epic as it is overly ambitious and as sprawling as it is restless.
1.0 At risk of sounding too hyperbolic too soon, Avengers: Age of Ultron might be the best movie Marvel has ever made.
0.6 The cast is top-notch, and Whedon packs the script and the screen with cleverness as well as ka-pow. But even at 141 minutes, things still feel jammed and crammed.
0.6 For all its faults (and yes, there are plenty of them), this Avengers sequel is still a lot of fun.
0.625 Overall, though, for all of its cheesy fun mixed with doom-and-gloom observations on the plight of humanity, this Avengers leaves us with the nagging feeling that we've been here too many times before.
0.85 The impressive thing about Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron is how writer/director Joss Whedon takes a narrative that is absolutely packed with superheroes and their backstories and all the action in between, and never lets it all feel like it's too much.
0.6 Enjoyable at times, but there's just too much going on. Too many characters. Too many motivations. Too many weird allusions to things from previous movies that I barely remembered
0.6 Superheroes reteam for entertaining, action-packed sequel.
0.8 Earth's Mightiest Heroes are back for a thrilling, fun and, dare I say it, darker film.
0.75 [Whedon is] a super-juggler. But on "Age of Ultron," he seems to have lost control of some of the balls. The new movie succeeds, but falls short of his incredible achievement on 2012's "The Avengers."
0.6 The story is wider to the point of becoming unwieldy. But there is fun to be had here, as the heroes kid around with one another against the backdrop of mass destruction and mayhem.
1.0 If there is a more perfect movie out there, I don't know what it is.
0.6 This is indisputably a sequel in just about every sense of the word: bigger, louder, sillier (and not always in a good way), more ambitious and, alas, less satisfying than the film that came before it.
1.0 Delivers as the epic summer blockbuster film of 2015 again and again. Avengers fans won't walk out the theater disappointed.
0.75 A sense of the mechanical plagues this film.
0.6 Juggling movie stars, plot points and a massive amount of visual effects, Whedon manages to put together a sequel that is fast and funny. But befitting the robot of the title, this feels more like a machine than a movie.
0.7 The Avengers return in an epic adventure with a little romance and tragedy to keep the spectacle grounded.
0.625 The thing's a behemoth. And as the franchise thunders on, it's also becoming more and more a bore.
0.5 [The sequel] has drained most of the joy, fun, and life out of these characters.
0.6 As much as you admire the polished, expertly choreographed entertainment...you feel as if they're putting on a gymnastics display or an extremely high-tech tap-dance routine.
0.1 When this finally ended I had an appreciation for how it feels to be unjustly convicted of a crime...and be released after 10 years when it was discovered you were not guilty. Sure, it feels good to be free, but who's going to give you back your time?
0.8 Not everything about Age of Ultron works... But long stretches of it are as good as anything Marvel Studios has produced, suggesting a bolder, more ambitious vision for the studio going forward.
0.9 It exemplifies what Marvel has always done, which is make the superhuman more human.
0.6 A Marvel blockbuster with more human touches than usual for this kind of fare.
0.75 It's to Whedon's credit that, among all the fighting and property damage, he makes just enough time to focus on the personal lives of some of his characters, but not so much that the movie gets bogged down by it.
0.625 There's still a thrill in seeing all of these comic book characters together in a movie. Even when it's just Ulysses Klaw.
0.625 Age of Ultron disappoints not because it's irredeemably bad but because it fails to achieve the level of its predecessor in nearly every facet.
0.625 The basic gist is easy enough to follow, even if most of the battle scenes, shot in a barrage of quick cuts and extreme close-ups, feel like watching a rugby match from inside the ball.
0.625 That Ultron's vocal delivery packs in more fun and personality than the other characters tells us that "Ultron" misfires on more than one metaphorical gas-injected cylinder.
0.75 With Marvel's universe expanding and intertwining at an ever increasing rate, "Age of Ultron" feels less like a sequel than a cosmic event.
0.8 Whedon is as interested in how the team works under stress as he is in the way pavement cracks under the collective weight of the Hulk and Stark's Hulkbuster armor.
0.75 As before, the greatest fun is in watching the original Avengers, all fine actors who've made the characters their own.
0.75 "Age of Ultron" has self-aware laughs, grandiose themes and the best effects that money can buy. But at this point, it will take true vision to plot the umpteen sequels without getting trapped in a time loop.
0.625 As he did in the first "Avengers," writer-director Joss Whedon avoids the fatal trap of comic-book self-seriousness, leavening a baggy, busy, overpopulated story with zippy one-liners, quippy asides and an overarching tone of jaunty good fun.
0.75 Spader is so charismatic, so purely, quietly and wittily nasty, that he provides a welcome contrast to the rote wisecracking of our heroes, who are so busy trying to one-up each others' punchlines that they are beginning to come off like "Avengers' 11."
0.8 Joss Whedon again works out a way to make world-destroying forces colloquial, keeping the humanity in superhumans. Because of that humanism-it's a pessimistic film, certain that the sun is setting on the human race-Ultron works as mammoth entertainment.
0.8 More bloated, but bolder than its predecessor, Avengers: Age of Ultron is every bit the 11th entry in Marvel's winning, world-dominating formula.
0.72 It's one you're going to want to see because when it shines, it shines bright, but Avengers: Age of Ultron is just a little worrying that the universe is already buckling under its own weight.
0.375 ...the film starts out attempting to question the Avengers' place in the world and whether they really make a difference, only to forget to probe for an answer not long after the asking.
0.625 There is a significant lack of that human touch in Age of Ultron's very fabric, where the winning personalities of its core superheroes feel diminished, defeated and consumed by whatever algorithm keeps these movies going.
0.5 Joss Whedon has said that he's walking away from the Marvel universe after this, and after seeing Ultron, it makes sense; from the looks of things, this movie killed him.
0.8 ...a comic book movie, to be sure, but it's got enough spectacle, wit, and talent on display to make it a most entertaining kickoff to the season.
0.7 Age of Ultron can be a little unwieldy, but when it works, it works really well.
0.625 An entertaining package of characters and ideas that manages to be a whole lot more than the first film while also being a little bit less.
0.2 Like the worst superhero movies, Avengers: Age of Ultron often feels like not-very-bright kids playing with action toys, holding them up by the ankles and making them fight or kiss or feud at whim and at length.
0.875 Sometimes the super-heroism is just brightly colored junk food. And sometimes, it's a way of giving us a glimpse of how we flawed, messed-up, occasionally monstrous humans can sometimes prove ourselves worthy.
1.0 It feels as if this comic book franchise has become a never-ending cinema story. If future films are as well realized as Ultron, that's fine by me.
0.75 Avengers: Age of Ultron may be very similar to the original film, but that's ok, for it still results in an equally thrilling ride.
0.625 The climactic act of "Age of Ultron" is full of colossal ka-booms and special effects, but it also has heft and reason and a bass-note of emotion.
0.75 It's a little overstuffed and a little overlong. One thing it's not, even a little, is disappointing.
0.4 Darker than its predecessor [and] far less witty ... Whereas Stark seemed to dominate the first film, here the emphasis is ... Hawkeye and Black Widow ... a negative in the case of Hawkeye and a huge positive in the case of Black Widow.
0.75 Age of Ultron is all rush and sensation with little substance. But what a feeling.
0.5 Ultron is too full, of action and CGI, while also being nearly empty of genuine thrills. A talented cast impresses throughout, but the action ultimately overwhelms it.
0.4 Whedon is mostly up to the task of keeping all his balls in the air, though he's not above using some glib speechmaking and ridiculous action to divert your attention and keep your questions at bay.
0.25 "Avengers: Age of Ultron" is supercharged and lifeless, frenetic and stone-cold dead, a barrage of action scenes that look fake, yet make you wonder if fake is the new real.
0.7 Avengers: Age of Ultron has its problems, but on a visceral, pure enjoyment level audiences are going to walk away more than pleased.
0.5 An inferior sequel that brings little joy to its grandiosity, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" carries the vague aroma of uninspired, box-checking functionality.
0.6 An enjoyable, full-sensory superhero romp, it delivers no less than what one would expect from an Avengers film. At the same time, it delivers no more than that,either.
0.9 "Avengers: Age of Ultron" brings the best of all the Marvel worlds for the first explosive superhero thrill-ride of the year.
0.6 Spectacularly overstuffed - it's more spectacle than substance.
0.8 Joss Whedon and his heroes and villains epic offers more this time around -- more characters, more plot points, more action -- and a few reasons for concern.
0.625 Still light and funny, but the novelty's worn off, and the bloat and repetition are starting to show
0.7 There is much to like about "The Avengers: Age of Ultron." There was much to love about "The Avengers," and therein lies the difference.
0.5 Writing and directing "Avengers: Age of Ultron," Joss Whedon proves he has a superpower of his own: mediocrity.
0.5 Age of Ultron is a Western about military service: it's a call to arms to protect American values like the family and the home from East European types and electronic threats to security systems.
0.8 [I] loved most of the exchanges between the characters. Appreciated the Avengers' attempts to avoid destruction in population centers. The action scenes were very exciting and clever, but I had trouble keeping up with the visuals.
0.625 Sure, this is the A Team of comic book superstars, but overextended sequences don't make them any more impressive.
0.625 Joss Whedon shows his considerable gifts for multicharacter air traffic control in a massive 3-D spectacle while demonstrating reserves of insouciance.
0.6 Ultron is slyly funny. And it manages to balance this sort of comedy (I hooted when the Hulk listens to Maria Callas on headphones) with the tendency towards the sort of whacko-labyrinthine operatic complexity inherent in comic books.
0.7 No one can quibble with the efforts of the actors. Marvel cast well, and continues to expand their parts or add fascinating new players.
0.6 Everything [Whedon] did so well on the first meeting of these Marvel comic book creations he achieves once again, which makes for a movie both enjoyable and somewhat repetitive.
0.75 "Age of Ultron" proves that a movie with stealth fighter jets, levitating cities and Hulk-on-robot fisticuffs can be as freewheeling as a no-budget indie.
0.625 Entertaining as much of "Avengers 2" is, especially when it's just hanging out with the gang in between scuffles (the "Guardians of the Galaxy" lesson, learned), Whedon's picture meets expectations without exceeding them.
0.5 Thin on story, crowded with characters and padded with extraneous action. In other words, a sure hit!
0.625 Most of these characters are great fun, and there are still stories to tell. So why not do it, instead of telling and retelling the same tale, only bigger?
0.5 A lot of movie, where not a lot is special.
0.625 The film struggles against the rigid formula that typifies the Marvel universe, but only does so up to a point.
0.65 Its problems may not have been so evident if it wasn't trying so hard to surpass the far better movies that preceded it.
0.75 Pure, uncut comic-book fantasy...Whedon tames the beast into something spectacularly epic, if a bit exhausting: bursting with destructive mayhem but grounded by interesting character beats, rife with dark implications but seasoned with good humor.
0.2 At times it feels like it's a few handfuls of terrific actors away from being a 'Transformers' entry.
0.75 It aims to please. And, for the most part, this superhero extravaganza hits the bull's-eye with all the precision of Jeremy Renner's arrow-slinging Hawkeye.
0.8 "Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a kinetic, wicked mix of muscle and magic. Look no further if you want a world of superpowered freaks and geeks.
0.4 Having bent the world to his will, Whedon, a modest and self-deprecating talent, has helped Marvel unleash a form of spectacle-laden blockbuster that, unfortunately, seems intent on obliterating what he does best.
0.6 Whedon may still be a maverick but the Marvel behemoth proves an ever more levelling corporate force.
0.84 The chemistry amongst our heroes is once again terrific to watch, and the action sequences deliver both thrills and laughs.
0.6 It suffers from a bit of Transformersitis in laying on the action and effects too thick this time. The thrill may be gone in seeing these comic book icons together but the banter between them still works and it does have its moments of sheer fun.
0.875 Whedon takes a few wrong turns, creating a jumble when the action gets too thick. But he recovers like a pro, devising a spectacle that's epic in every sense of the word.
0.8 No one needs to be told if he, or even she, likes superhero movies. If you like them at all, you'll adore Avengers: Age of Ultron.
0.8 Avengers: Age Of Ultron is smart, nimble and recognises that the one way to make yet more scenes of mass destruction involving is to give the story behind them a little heart.
1.0 Proves an action movie can have it all: smart without being convoluted, flashy without being shallow, fun without being hollow, and exciting without being dumb.
0.8 Despite a densely packed script chock-full of leading characters, there's rarely a moment where one is underplayed or ignored.
0.8 Although there are some longeurs when Whedon feels bound to plot a pathway to Marvel's next tranche of potential blockbusters, the witty repartee between stars at ease in their superhero skin leavens the odd lull.
0.6 When ten-cylinder push comes to jet-propelled shove, Whedon knows his audience, and supplies the required fireworks.
0.6 Whedon wastes no time teaming them up for a blistering opening sequence that is thrilling. Unfortunately that segment is a high point in a film that swiftly becomes an exercise in ever-diminishing returns bar a few moments.
0.7 The fact that Marvel announced its entire slate a few months back takes a lot of the impact away. If we didn't know about a Black Panther film, the mention of Wakanda would have been mind-blowing. Instead, it fell flat.
0.6 The film-makers' understandable inability to take their own material seriously has now pushed the project beyond gentle parody and into broad pastiche.
0.625 The movie's action sequences and sequel-baiting suck up much of its oxygen, and the magnitude of battles dwarf the smaller moments.
0.8 Filled with plenty of laughs, great spectacle, and more cool characters than you can poke Loki's sceptre at.
0.6 Even though moviegoers looking for nonstop action will get their wish, Avengers: Age of Ultron is really at its best when it's focusing on the characters.
0.8 It's hard not to admire how efficiently and enjoyably the myriad elements have been threaded together; Age of Ultron is a suitably well-oiled machine with an insatiable appetite for family friendly destruction.
0.3 A $250 million pile of poo.
0.8 Avengers: Age of Ultron is a perfect example of the kind of crowd-pleasing blockbuster that audiences expect in this day and age, though I don't think it will achieve classic-status like the first film.
0.9 Whedon weaves theses titanic characters and egos together to bind the bloated universe into a Long Island Iced Tea; the more you savour, the more you come to appreciate all the powerful and seemingly conflicting elements and motivations working together.
0.8 The symphony of destruction works because this blockbuster behemoth has an actual soul.
0.5 Avengers: Age of Ultron, is a letdown -- entertaining to a degree, but so overstuffed that it may mark the point of diminishing returns for the Marvel movies generally.
0.8 You'd be surprised how much slack you'll cut a film that features superheroes gently ribbing one another for 142 minutes.
0.8 Fortunately, returning director Joss Whedon understands how to craft a superhero movie just as well as Marvel knows how to sell one.
0.8 Avengers: Age of Ultron delivers the usual superhero suspects in a slick, if overlong, adventure that bungee jumps between banter and action.
0.6 Whedon brings a depth and wit to his storytelling that you will never find in a Transformers movie. Even so, the final showdown is a little anti-climactic.
0.8 A welcome return of the Avengers amusing team dynamic and essentially asking "what more could you want?"
0.8 An entertaining compromise. Overloaded, but the execution of intimate character moments shine in what's essentially a bridging film
0.4 Avengers: Age of Ultron plays like an obligation, a box to be checked off on a list before all parties move onto the things they really want to do.
0.86 Ultimately, Avengers: Age of Ultron can't recapture the charm and majesty of seeing Earth's Mightiest Heroes assembled for the first time. That said, it's still a lot of fun and offers plenty of great action and character moments.
0.8 The result is a lot of everything, but the film never feels overcrowded: in fact, it's the interplay between the film's many different characters, rather than the blow-up-the-world crisis they're trying to defuse, that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
0.8 It's a superhero cavalcade of energy and fun.
0.8 Bigger and, yes, darker than the first, this is less air-punchingly gleeful but probably more consistent.
0.8 There's a lot to like about Age of Ultron, but the coolest thing about it is the way it reclaims the comic book part of the phrase 'comic-book movie.'
0.8 It ticks all the boxes for a summer blockbuster but you feel spandex fatigue is just being to creep into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
0.8 There is so much going on in Avengers: Age of Ultron ... it feels like a minor miracle that not only the film makes sense, but that it's also somehow enjoyable.
0.8 Anchored by Whedon's trademark wit without becoming a tiresome zinger-fest, it's a thrilling and affable slice of impeccably crafted chaos.
0.74 As gargantuan as blockbusters come ... doubles down on action, sarcasm, and reference-heavy plot.
0.6 It has a definite mid-season feel to it, telling a compelling but never game-changing story while laying the foundations for the epic, two-part Infinity War due in 2018.
0.8 Massive, immersive and wildly entertaining, Age of Ultron gets the gang back together for a globe-trotting battle against a meager villain. Fun will be had by all.
0.8 Improves on its predecessor on many fronts even if it doesn't fully recapture the magic of the 2012 endeavour.
0.8 Age of Ultron [is] one of the most thoughtfully driven monster vehicles you are likely to see in a summer rammed with powerful, glossy, mechanised beasts.
0.75 A gooey plate of nachos that shouldn't constitute your whole diet, but is perfectly enjoyable for now, even when as congeals at the end into a wet, sloppy mess.
1.0 It is likely that this is the best Avengers movie that we'll ever see.
0.625 James Spader, another living, breathing reason we need a special award for voice work and casting at the Oscars because he was just the perfect choice for everything that Ultron had to offer and performed it incredibly.
0.8 The stakes on the line in this action adventure are not only sky-high but soul-deep. Whedon hits both points with an almighty wallop, resulting in a large canvas blockbuster that is as epic as it is profound.
0.75 Visual splendor does not entirely make up for failures in plotting and characterization.
0.5 Interstellar is a frustratingly flawed film that reaches for the stars but winds up lost in space.
0.875 Interstellar is chockablock with philosophical ideas, visual effects and theoretical physics from Nolan and his brother, Jonathan, who co-wrote the script.
0.4 For all the themes intended to rocket our minds into a futuristic escape plan, it's too overloaded with hopelessness and bent logic to get off the ground.
0.75 Nolan is one of the few directors with the ambition to tackle big topics -- like the fate of humanity or our need to explore -- and the artistic clout to bring that vision to a mass audience.
0.2 There are many words to describe Interstellar. Entertainment isn't one of them.
0.5 This sort of hammering, a determination that you'll "get it", distracts from Interstellar's effort to transport.
0.625 While it definitely feels as though Nolan over-reached and under-edited, there's enough eye candy and emotion to keep you from being bored.
0.5 Watching Nolan's latest attempt to create something artistic, intelligent and entertaining on such a massive scale, I couldn't help but think that with "Interstellar," he's outsmarted himself.
0.75 "Interstellar" is flawed, but has the kind of scope that makes going to movies fun.
0.6 McConaughey and his co-stars do a terrific job of underplaying the tech-nobabble and selling their individual moments... and Nolan's trademark big-picture confidence propels Interstellar through its near-three-hour running time with breathless style.
0.625 You go in to Interstellar hoping to be mind-blown, thrilled, and smartened-up. Although it's beautifully made, brainy and sometimes insanely gorgeous, you may find yourself wondering what the big whoop was all about.
0.875 It's an enthralling, provocative, ambitious film.
0.8 Interstellar's themes are universal and some of the dialogue really resonates too.
0.6 I learnt a lot about wormholes and, while I can be entranced by the idea of saving the human race, I want a little bit of drama to go with it.
0.9 This is not only a tremendously exciting space adventure... It's also a rich and thoughtful meditation on time and space and gravity.
0.625 That the universe contains phenomena eons beyond us while at the same time intimately close is a beautiful concept and Interstellar seeks to orchestrate its own moment of revelation.
0.875 Interstellar is a visual feast that explores the universe and an intimate drama that explores why love and devotion are qualities that make the human race worth saving.
0.87 There's a certain clumsiness to Nolan's longest and most personal film, a kind of earnest self-seriousness that opens it to parody and snark. But at its center beats a human heart.
0.75 It's a fairly s----y science-fiction movie, but as a metaphor for love it's kind of great.
1.0 Jessica Chastain deserves Best Supporting Actress consideration for her work. One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
1.0 A remarkable achievement in filmmaking that will have you on the edge of your seat
0.8 Despite some awkward pacing, easy sentimentality, and pandering it's still hard to resist. It's not just Nolan's ambition that should be admired. He actually pulls off scene after scene of unforgettable drama in colossal scale, both in space and on Earth.
0.5 After the first hour, with its poignant depiction of humanity's decline, Interstellar always seems to be rebuilding its momentum, offering plenty to think about but little to hold on to.
0.67 Ultimately, Interstellar shoots for the stars but barely gets us past the soundstage.
0.75 The sentimentality and Hollywoodized convenience of the storytelling prevent this mostly admirable film from achieving the escape velocities of Kubrick or Tarkovsky.
0.5 It's a film I didn't exactly enjoy and can't say I would recommend. And yet as an event, as a singular movie-watching opportunity, it's undoubtedly worthwhile.
0.625 nothing if not grandly ambitious, and while that ambition is certainly admirable, especially in an industry choking on increasingly interchangeable big-budget franchises and starving for original ideas, it is also part of the film's downfall.
0.8 A combination of spectacular special effects, marginal physics and grindingly slow treacle, McConaughey pulls this one out of the fire.
0.75 The movie is complex and maddening, filled with concepts over the heads of most mere mortals, yet grounded in barely enough humanity to stimulate our senses.
0.6 Some of what ensues in a galaxy far, far away is gripping, but other sequences are prosaic.
0.8 Interstellar contains its fair share of heart-in-mouth moments, the previously untapped corners of space providing ample opportunity to mine fresh spectacle.
0.8 The pace is gripping, the central performances compelling and the action sequences thrilling.
0.6 Good special effects and acting but I didn't understand one bit of the plot. It is all Geek to me.
0.7 The spectacle is far more satisfying than the story ... Gorgeous, infuriating, exciting, confusing, stirring, boring, it's the film that's got it all! Totally worth your twenty bucks. Whether it's worth three hours of your time will be up to you.
0.7 There's something weirdly touching about the movie's corny proclamations, because they contrast so sharply with the hell scapes Nolan keeps showing us.
0.8 With Interstellar, Nolan builds on the high-concept blockbuster template forged so impressively by his 2010 work Inception.
0.75 The spirit of exploration and discovery lives in Interstellar and that alone makes it a cinematic trip worth taking.
0.6 An unsatisfying blend of Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris and The Collected Poems Of Dylan Thomas.
1.0 Even more mind-blowing than his 'Inception,' Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar' emphasizes the importance of love in a science-fiction tale.
0.7 If a movie is outsized in its ambitions to an absurd, awe-inspiring degree, how much credit does it get for only making it, oh, 75 percent of the way there?
0.75 It's an experience.
0.5 Cornpone existentialism ... Overlong, talky and, depending on the crisis, either dopey or pretentious ... a New Age-y, fuzzy-headed sci-fi'er that borrows liberally from Kubrick, 'Contact' and Nolan's own "Inception."
0.9 This is probably the most audacious science fiction film anyone has ever made or even tried to make.
0.9 'Interstellar' is really great science fiction. It tugs at our heartstrings while exploring our humanity, and at the same time it blows our minds with the wonders and complexities of intergalactic space travel.
0.5 I'm not too proud to admit I couldn't follow the convoluted storyline... Think, a remake of Gravity with a bunch of polysyllabic brainiacs borrowed from The Big Bang Theory.
0.9 What makes Interstellar one of the best, most enthralling, intelligent and moving science-fiction films of modern cinema is not so much the inter-galactic journey it takes you on as the emotional journey.
0.7 The general feeling I'm left with after seeing Interstellar (is) a sensation of indecision.
0.6 Heartfelt Story, Great Visuals, Science Overkill
0.75 It's deeply flawed but also wholly absorbing, and it marks Nolan as one of our most ambitious, go-for-broke directors, unafraid to attempt Sistine Chapel ceilings while his fellow filmmakers are working with Crayolas.
1.0 The combination of NO green screen, incredible practical effects, Zimmer's score and a solid emotional core makes this Nolan's most complete flick to date. I had major nerd tears! See in 70mm IMAX film!
0.8 Christopher Nolan can do whatever the hell he likes. He's earned that right now. And if he uses that clout for films like Interstellar, we all win.
0.7 Its strengths are as gargantuan and overpowering as its mighty flaws, and just as impossible to miss.
0.6 This film is meant to be Nolan's 2001: A Space Odyssey, but he's tilting at windmills here. Still, Interstellar is worth seeing.
0.8 For all its sci-fi trappings...Interstellar comes down to one thing, and one thing alone: the notion of following your heart. Yes, it really is that simple.
0.8 The film is confident enough to take us on a thrilling adventure witho ut resorting to huge action sequences, in which the spectacle is delivered on an intergalactic scale, but from a very human point of view.
0.6 Ambitious intergalactic drama focuses on a father's promise.
0.875 Not Christopher Nolan's best film by a long shot, yet also proof that 'not Christopher Nolan's best film' is still better and more thrilling than many directors' finest work.
0.7 Interstellar is an imaginative movie, but a heavy-handed mix of personal sacrifice and theoretical physics doesn't leave much room for subtle storytelling.
0.75 In Christopher Nolan's Interstellar, sci-fi fans are treated to a true cinematic anomaly: an impeccably crafted slice of escapism driven by scientific concepts that fascinate and thrill in equal measure.
0.8 Marrying the brains of "Inception" with the epic splendor of "The Dark Knight," Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" asks vastly important brain-scratching questions, inspires your forward thinking and treats you to one hell of a mind-altering thrill ride.
1.0 Interstellar is a marvel of congruency from the opening shot to the final frame.
0.625 Nolan's Vision Exceeds his Grasp.
0.7 Nolan lays out a narrative path between Odysseus, Albert Einstein and Buck Rogers, then paints it with bold cinematic brushstrokes inspired by the masters-Stanley Kubrick, Steven Spielberg, John Ford.
0.8 This majestic film retains a human heart.
0.8 It is dazzling to look at, properly intelligent, and, when you can follow what's going on, profoundly thought-provoking.
0.8 Christopher Nolan's movie about time has time troubles of its own. It's too long and drags to a convoluted climax. However, getting there is riveting and worth the trip.
0.8 While it has some problems, Nolan aims higher than most filmmakers would dare attempt and comes oh so close to creating another undeniably classic space masterpiece.
1.0 Forget about what it means and just go for the mind blowing, heart wrenching ride.
0.625 Lacking a sense of awe or of the astronomic passage of time, "Interstellar" provokes more "huh?" moments than it does "ah!" moments.
0.8 Interstellar is sufficiently grand and challenging to bear comparison with those two touchstones of mind-bending epic sci-fi: Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey and Tarkovsky's Solaris.
0.6 Interstellar is beautiful, dazzling and astonishingly loud, but, alas, it is remains something of a mess at the level of the script
0.85 Interstellar must be seen in a movie theater because of how powerful it is visually. It is audibly the best film to be released in theaters this year. But you can't help but feel like it's all slightly too convoluted for its own good.
0.8 Christopher Nolan outdoes himself with this thrilling , and emotionally moving. sci-fi drama that has echoes of 2001 but carves out its own gripping story by smartly focusing on the human element so often missing in this genre.
0.6 Nolan creates overwhelming, often breathtaking suspense in a number of sequences.
0.6 Uma obra inquestionavelmente problematica.
0.875 What the neg-heads are missing about Interstellar is how enthralling it is, how gracefully it blends the cosmic and the intimate, how deftly Nolan explores the infinite in the smallest human details.
0.875 A science-fiction (heavy on science) adventure steeped in Einstein's theory of relativity that is equal parts enigmatic, exhilarating, elaborate and emotionally wrenching.
0.75 A thought experiment writ large.
0.6 Boldly swinging for the rafters and face-planting half the time, [Nolan is] uncharacteristically willing to embarrass himself here. There's a lot to admire in that.
0.7 Brainy blockbuster maestro Christopher Nolan heads into deep space with this epic adventure, which is packed with thoughtful ideas and big emotions even if the plot wobbles badly in the middle.
1.0 Nolan has created nothing less than his own personal 2001: A Space Odyssey, a mind-expanding, imagination-challenging excursion into alternate galaxies where we skip through the fourth dimension and plunge headlong into the fifth.
0.75 You never know what's coming in Interstellar. It stokes and maintains a sense of anticipation often missing in Hollywood blockbusters intent on being formulaic and thus global audience-friendly.
0.5 In space no-one can you hear you scream, but they can certainly see you cry. Never before have I seen more blubbering in a movie than director Christopher Nolan's Interstellar.
0.6 There is something exciting about a film that tries to fill your mind and then blow it, even if it's only filling you full of hot air.
0.8 Christopher Nolan's epic is visually stunning and offers some ingenious ideas on time and space as it plays on our darkest fears about the end of life on Earth.
0.4 Interstellar surprises you with a high ratio of scenes of people sitting around tables (sometimes on board spaceships) to moments of flight or danger.
0.75 You thought Gravity was an immersive lost-in-space experience? Just you wait.
0.5 What many had hoped would be Christopher Nolan's 2001: A Space Odyssey is, instead, 2014: An Exposition Odyssey.
0.75 Christopher Nolan's sci-fi epic is a beautiful, ambitious, ultimately flawed film about nothing less than the survival of the human race.
0.75 A grandiose, audacious, exciting, sentimental, impassioned, philosophical, metaphysical, dense, epic mess. And you probably need to see it.
0.6 Interstellar is terrible, wonderful, sensational, thrilling, imbecilic. In any order you want.
0.625 If only the plot and the corny, exposition-heavy dialogue - where characters speak in fortune cookie - could hold up to the cinematography.
0.6 The film's self-seriousness is, in fact, its great ally: the conviction with which Nolan directs prevents us questioning the absurdity as it unfolds.
1.0 In the age of shopping-centre cinema, Christopher Nolan builds cathedrals.
1.0 ... it's the best science fiction movie you're likely to see this year, and quite possibly one of the best films period.
0.5 ...way too long...The first two hours are tolerable, but the ending requires an advanced degree in theoretical physics to understand, and even then I would think it would be ludicrous.
0.8 The most brilliant editing of the year revs you up as it interlaces the apex of story lines, and then explodes into a giant orgasm of emotional and physical movie making only to roll over, light a cigarette and stop paying attention to you.
0.6 Interstellar can be pretty fun when it wants to be. The trouble is, 'fun' has never been atop director Christopher Nolan's list of priorities.
1.0 Never has a nearly-three-hour blockbuster enthralled me in the way that Interstellar did.
0.5 Christopher Nolan's Interstellar is desperately reaching for Stanley Kubrick 2001 greatness and achieving Robert Zemeckis mediocrity in Contact. It's no small bit of irony that both films star Matthew McConaughey and his southern drawl.
0.6 Interstellar may be a blockbuster spectacle but it's also a puzzle that bends the laws of space and time to create different kinds of links between images, like Nolan's early hit Memento or Shane Carruth's recent Upstream Colour.
0.8 Interstellar is not perfect, but it's the bold, electrifying and provocative cinema with rocket scientist smarts and a sentimental heart.
0.75 Illustrious of vision but even grander of ideas, "Interstellar" is majestic science-fiction done right. Mostly.
0.625 By the closing credits, it seems possible that Nolan himself hails from another planet, and while he has tried diligently to show humanity in a flattering light, he lacks enough inside information to get it right.
0.7 The film is at its best when it's unafraid of challenging storytelling, particularly since Interstellar never has trouble finding visuals to match its heady concepts.
0.75 It's almost impossible to resist recommending Interstellar, but it's equally tough to deny a galactic sense of disappointment.
0.9 A roller-coaster for the mind and spirit... Twenty years from now we may think of it as a classic, even if it takes a bit of time for it to sink in.
0.75 This isn't Nolan's best movie, but his ambitions and trust in the audience keep getting bigger. He's one of Hollywood's few true remaining visionaries, and he's only getting warmed up.
0.625 Love is what's really between the stars, y'all.
0.6 [Nolan's] new picture is his biggest: biggest event, biggest spectacle, biggest pastiche, biggest disappointment.
0.5 Twice as long as Gravity and half as good.
0.4 From the grand master of films about the mysteries of human nature, a disappointing exploration of family, science, and human survival.
0.875 That's the essential question facing the viewer, whether Nolan's mission is a success because it takes us farther than most filmmakers could, or a disappointment because it doesn't quite make it all the way.
0.65 ...a unique film to be sure, and one that is probably best experienced on the largest screen available.
0.75 It's ambitious and not entirely successful but there is a lot to like about "Interstellar."
0.5 For a movie about transcending all manner of dimensions, "Interstellar" ultimately falls surprisingly flat.
0.5 Even a cool cat like Christopher Nolan can cough up a furball - and with his sci-fi adventure Interstellar, it's blockbuster-sized.
0.7 Nolan has always been a director who loves big, big ideas, but one occasionally gets the sense that he would almost rather make a movie of the characters explaining those ideas to one another with flow charts and diagrams.
0.75 The parts of Interstellar that don't work -- a third act (out of four) that descends into suspense-movie silliness, an increasing reliance on mystical mumbo-jumbo -- struggle against the many parts that do.
0.75 While it's not a perfect movie by any means, it's a grand accomplishment of sorts.
0.6 What good is that adventurous spirit if Nolan doesn't trust the audience enough to see it through to the end?
1.0 It's rare for a film to deliver a scene of such emotional power that the hardened critic is fighting back tears. It's even less common for a celluloid image to have that effect. Interstellar does both.
0.8 All the talk of Kubrick and 2001 is light years off the mark: Interstellar is the kind of space odyssey that has only shameless, monolothic entertainment on the agenda.
0.8 The movie sucks you into its orbit and promptly shuttles you to the event horizon of the unknown, where the only thing you can really do is appreciate the scenery and hang on for the bumpy ride.
1.0 It's an amazing achievement that deserves to be seen on the biggest screen with the best sound system possible. Nolan has crafted Interstellar as a movie theater experience. Watching it at home, no matter how good the sound system is, won't match.
0.75 A knockout one minute, a punch-drunk crazy film the next, Interstellar is a highly stimulating mess.
0.75 "Interstellar" may not be Nolan at his best, but it's still Nolan, and there's much to be said for that.
0.875 This is epic cinema that begs to be compared to "2001: A Space Odyssey." But unlike Stanley Kubrick's psychedelic joyride, this journey is powered by a human heart.
0.5 If your interest in prolonged discussions of the space-time continuum fades, composer Hans Zimmer will boost the already booming organ soundtrack up to 12.
0.75 Interstellar is an experience. Nolan's vision of our galaxy, and galaxies beyond, is daunting, majestic; the hardware of space travel looks right, almost familiar.
0.5 I think I saw a kitchen sink flying through space.
0.875 [T]his is a film with the weight of space, time, and humanity on its shoulders. It is unafraid of stumbling and soldiers forward with the conviction of its audacity.
0.9 Interstellar is the most ambitious, intelligent and daring space epic since Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece, 2001: A Space Odyssey.
0.5 Despite its many virtues, Interstellar feels as if it doesn't quite hit the target.
0.7 The film offers grand visuals, including a bizarre-beautiful key scene in a location I couldn't describe if I wanted to.
0.8 Christopher Nolan's film, about a trip to deep space to find a habitable place for humans to live, doesn't always live up to its ambition, but then again, its ambition is huge.
0.4 To this point, I have enjoyed many of Nolan's films but Interstellar's script is terribly inconsistent.
0.375 Shows that long doesn't mean epic and serious doesn't mean deep.
0.9 An intellectual and technical feat, this undeniably ambitious Christopher Nolan movie reaches for the stars and reaches them more often than not.
0.9 It may not be the best movie of the year, but it surely is the most breathtaking.
0.6 With Interstellar, Christopher Nolan has fallen into a trap that has caught many before him: the pitfalls of autonomy.
0.8 Audaciously ambitious and awesome, it's a speculative, mind-bending sci-fi adventure through the celestial space-time continuum.
0.6 It's far from Christopher Nolan's best work, but those rare moments when Interstellar is firing on all cylinders make up for its often inert characters and shaky sentimental storytelling.
0.5 Much like his hero, Christopher Nolan's goal seems to be to take the humor and wildness out of imagination, to see invention in rigidly practical and scientific terms.
1.0 A soulful, must-see masterpiece, one of the most exhilarating film experiences so far this century.
0.6 Even as "Interstellar" becomes a beautiful mess, its wannabe-deep impact will hit everyone differently. We need far-reaching artists like Nolan, since, as they say, Earth without art is "eh."
0.625 "Interstellar" deserves credit for aiming for the stars, but the hard realities of filmmaking and storytelling pull it right back to Earth.
0.875 The most intellectually ambitious sci-fi film since "2001."
0.875 An impressive, at times astonishing work, and one of a handful by Nolan that overwhelmed me to the point where my usual objections to his work melted away.
0.7 INTERSTELLAR might not be Nolan's best film, but it's certainly his most ambitious.
0.6 This is a long film that's constantly worried about time passing, but it's not self aware enough to turn that into a joke
0.9 For a film completely drenched with sentimentality about faith, hope and human-kind's resolve, "Interstellar" is at times as cold and lifeless as a vacuum.
0.75 It's not only full of great visuals and big ideas (albeit ones that are sometimes a little confusingly expressed) but that it's a movie about human perseverance.
0.8 The final stretch may be just a little too hard to swallow. But fans of smart, spectacular sci-fi will still gulp down this astonishing trip through the cosmos.
0.8 Space in your face. Beautiful, beautiful space. An awe inspiring journey across the cosmos that travels to the heart of humanity; flaws and all.
0.8 Dramatically awkward and visually ravishing -- often within the same sequence -- Interstellar is director Christopher Nolan's ninth and most ambitious film to date.
0.6 As space operas go, this may yet be accounted one of the classics: dream material even.
0.875 Whereas most science fiction withers out in space, "Interstellar" rockets home.
0.8 Watching Christopher Nolan fall short is still more exciting than watching most other directors succeed.
0.8 Packs a mighty emotional wallop to make it as much a stirring experience, as it is a visually and intellectually stimulating one.
0.8 Nolan's complex story, his most visually pleasing genre piece and arguably his most complex film to date.
1.0 Brainy, barmy and beautiful to behold, this is Stephen Hawking's Star Trek: a mind-bending opera of space and time with a soul wrapped up in all the science.
0.8 Nolan reaches for the stars in spectacular fashion, delivering a mesmerising sci-fi epic that, despite a testing running time and few too many flights of fancy, is grounded by an on-form McConaughey.
0.6 The vaulting ambition and shoot-for-the-stars bravery of this latest film from the director of The Dark Knight and Inception is to be admired, but its attempt to cover life, the universe and everything in nearly three hours is rather enervating.
0.5 Nolan's aesthetically beautiful, large-scale sci-fi drama is admirable in its ideas and style, but lacking in its storytelling and execution.
0.8 Interstellar is an imperfect film, but like its central characters, aims about as high as one can. The ambition, execution, and craftsmanship are all to be admired.
0.75 The story is ever-ambitious, sometimes riveting and thought-provoking, but also plodding and hokey and not as visionary as its cutting-edge special effects.
0.6 Not every film need address the possibility of human extinction with the gung-ho silliness of Armageddon, but at least that was a space adventure. This is a science report.
0.8 Nolan thrives in the limbo between logic and emotion.
0.8 It combines abstruse ideas about gravity, matter and time with old fashioned, hyper-charged family melodrama.
0.6 Interstellar would be a stunning piece of cinema if you weren't supposed to think about it.
0.8 What pulls you in is its hugely confident architecture as a piece of storytelling - its brave fictitiousness. Nolan comes very close here, one might almost say agonisingly close, to forging his masterpiece.
0.8 A spine-tingling blend of brains and heart, a high concept sci-fi opera that's as unafraid of cerebral ideas as it is of heart-on-sleeve emotion.
0.85 Nolan's love letter to space travel and the exploration of the stars may require some patience, but it offers an incredible emotional payoff along with its visual spectacle.
0.5 Interstellar is not quite a success. I can't insult those involved by grading on an admiration-based curve.
0.875 A masterful sleek vision of the future, Nolan's epic is a vigorously entertaining piece that stands as one of the best experiences of the year. Immersive, but admittedly overwhelming at times, Nolan controls the film with confidence.
1.0 A bold, beautiful cosmic adventure story with a touch of the surreal and the dreamlike.
0.4 This film plays it too safe and brings you only a smidgeon of charm and laughter.
0.5 This is the broad, silly kiddie exercise it appears to be.
0.5 Lame.
0.6 If you're still awake by the end credits, Chan's out-takes are sadly the funniest thing in this inane, silly and below-par effort. This one is for kids only.
0.1 The woeful screenplay, the mundane direction, by Brian Levant, and the indifferent acting all combine to sink a stupid plot which should never have got off the ground.
0.4 Chan has just enough friendly charm to transcend this rubbish.
0.6 Tongue-in-cheek entertainment...
0.5 [It] may be a sign that age has finally caught up with this once most agile of action heroes.
0.4 A movie that posits Billy Ray Cyrus as a techno-genius and allows the baddies to get away with Russian accents that would put most meerkats to shame.
0.4 The results are always less than hilarious.
0.2 Only Chan's charm saves it.
0.4 The closing credit outtakes are the best part of this feeble effort.
0.2 When people moan about the world's worst film-makers, the names Uwe Boll and Joel Schumacher invariably come up. If Brian Levant has escaped such infamy, it's only by sticking under the radar with kiddie-litter.
0.4 This is hewn straight from the same, rickety old domestic-crisis formula which was never funny the first time round.
0.2 Even the outtakes barely raise a smile.
0.4 When even the out-take bloopers over the final credits are weak, you know you've got a pretty under-par Jackie Chan movie on your hands.
0.4 It's low on laughs and is almost undone by an irritating child performance from Will Shadley.
0.4 Just normal, common- or-garden, ready-salted bad.
0.6 Filled with slapstick guffaws, dodgy accents and copious pratfalls, Brian Levant's light-hearted action comedy succeeds because it stays true to what it actually is: a kids' movie.
0.4 You have been warned.
0.4 Chan is still likeable ... but he's on his own.
0.5 Not as good as it should be but not as bad as I thought it would be, "The Spy Next Door" is an average actioner geared toward kids.
0.5 The Spy Next Door is inane, but Jackie Chan manages to make it bearable.
0.5 Chan's action moves are becoming a little rehearsed looking but the man still has charm
0.2 The movie is, understandably, an incompetence pile.
0.3 Tedious and tiresome, it's not surprising that the gag reel over the concluding credits is funnier than the 90 minutes that preceded it.
0.5 The Spy Next Door is bland, unassuming stuff for the kiddies. But few family films have Jackie Chan at their disposal.
0.4 won't give the kiddies nightmares, but might make their parents long for a triple-feature of some of Chan's greatest hits once they get home
0.5 Those old enough to resist can expect to be impressed anyway by the on-screen energy levels of both Chan and Valletta. They make their work look like fun.
0.375 At some point, the social mores that functionally banned most other forms of ethnic stereotyping will catch up with the Slavs, a sad day indeed for middling screenwriters.
0.4 Jackie Chan family flick high on stunts but low on laughs.
0.25 Chan's comedic gifts and still-nimble moves are wasted in a string of unimaginative household calamities and practical jokes.
0.2 As for Mr. Chan, he has some passably choreographed bits with folding chairs, a bicycle and, later, some pots and pans at Gillian's house. But it's hardly enough to redeem -- or even make bearable -- this half-hearted hodgepodge.
0.1 It seemed as if all of the actors were reading their dialogue from a cue card. The Spy Next Door is already one of the worst films of 2010. Horrible.
0.5 Still fit and doing quite a few of his own stunts, Chan is an action hero with considerable charm.
0.2 The script -- which took three people to write -- is barely coherent, and it's unclear whether Brian Levant was even on set when he directed. All that's left for us to enjoy are the action scenes, and frankly most of those are a little depressing.
0.5 Chan is actually a fairly likeable hero and his elocution, never great, is at least passable in this latest romp.
0.25 Duller than a Monday night at the cobweb museum...
0.375 Yet another lazily kid-pleasing comedy about a man unprepared for fatherhood who's suddenly saddled with children who hate his guts and whom he must win over in order to make time with their hot single mom.
0.0 Nobody of Chan's legendary stature should ever have to play second banana to George Lopez, and certainly not in a film that was already made five years ago with Vin Diesel (see: The Pacifier).
0.2 Chan and Valletta have the opposite of chemistry.
0.1 There was no good reason for [Chan] to sign on for empty product like this.
0.625 The plot may be forgettable, but the execution is frantic and funny.
0.2 a mindless waste of time
0.7 An entertaining comedy loaded with action and laughs for all ages. It's forgivably silly, cartoonish and far from a classic, but nonetheless feels fast, funny, fresh and harmless.
0.5 Cornball and always predictable, but also generally cheerful and good-natured. For the less demanding, The Spy Next Door could be a lot worse.
0.375 Chan's traditional gag reel that rolls with the final credits offers the most entertainment.
0.25 The Spy Next Door makes The Pacifier look like Citizen Kane.
0.375 The film's so formulaic your 6-year-old will be ticking off the plot points as they lope by.
0.4 In all, The Spy Next Door won't be regarded as anything but a minor effort in Chan's stateside repertoire, though its better moments should go a long way toward winning the ageless Chan a new audience of adoring youngsters.
0.375 Chan's new all-ages vehicle is smooth like oatmeal. It's hard to imagine anyone being offended, except fans of good comedy.
0.2 This corny action comedy isn't just lame on the Jackie Chan scale. It's lame on the George Lopez scale. That's bad.
0.375 The Spy Next Door is precisely what you would expect from a PG-rated Jackie Chan comedy with that plot. If that's what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed. It's not what I was looking for.
0.125 It's pitched at a pre-teen audience -- the only kind likely to enjoy Levant's cheap misfire.
0.2 Everything about the movie is sub-sitcom level.
0.25 Limp and lifeless, this Next Door neighbor should be evicted to DVD.
0.0 Following in Mr. Nanny and The Pacifier's turgid footsteps, Brian Levant's film mushifies Chan into a comedic parody of his rock-'em-sock-'em big-screen persona.
0.8 Michael J. Fox is a revelation as the mouse that roared, whilst the score, the direction, and the rest of the cast turn a risky film into a solid addition to the Nam canon.
0.6 Top acting honors go to Penn as the sergeant and Thuy Thu Le as the captive girl.
1.0 De Palma uses his consummate filmmaking skill to craft a reflection of his own grave sorrow about the Vietnam era.
0.8 Disturbing anti-war film with strong Sean Penn and surprisingly effective Michael J. Fox.
0.8 ably demonstrates just how powerful a well-crafted film can be
0.6 Worthwhile drama set in the Vietnam War
0.8 Harrowing drama with strong performances
0.8 Examines the dehumanizing effects of war, and implies that the soldiers who commit the atrocities are as much a victim of that dehumanization as the girl who they victimize
0.8 Superb, overlooked Vietnam drama may be Brian DePalma's finest hour.
1.0 The equation of sanctioned and unsanctioned barbarism in the climactic moments of Casualties is about as damning an indictment of the way that humanity justifies immoral acts during war as I've seen.
0.6 Michael J. Fox is a little hard to buy in this one.
0.4 Too strident in its anti-war sentiment. Penn almost comes across as a caricature.
0.8 An underrated film with perhaps the greatest performance that Michael J. Fox ever gave. DePalma looks at Vietnam through a different persepective than an audience is used to, making this far from your typical war movie. Penn, as always, is riveting to wat
0.8 Who'd have thought De Palma had a war flick in him?
0.6 This is buoyant, bright, a constant breeze. But still it hovers somewhere on the superhero-adap spectrum between the good and the great.
0.8 In an exemplary piece of casting, Downey Jr gives a powerhouse performance, adding depth and believability to his character as both self-indulgent waster and do-gooder superhero.
0.9 A grand superhero movie that features a brilliant performance by Robert Downey Jr., in one of his best roles.
0.8 Iron Man is funny without being silly, yet can kick ass to the moon and back when the chips are down.
0.8 As a first franchise entry and a blockbuster to kick off the summer season, Iron Man proves to be an excellent introduction.
0.6 If this is a taster for something even more impressive in the sequel touted for 2010, there is already a reason to get excited as the more we see of Downey, Jr. as Tony Stark, the better.
0.8 A completely different superhero movie which not only delights visually, but also engrosses with a very well adapted, character driven story of a redemptive figure who becomes the ultimate global hero.
0.78 If anyone doubted Marvel's ability to make the leap to full fledged studio, their first effort, Iron Man, should be enough to erase all doubts.
0.6 Iron Man is an appealing superhero movie. It's also clunky. It's welded together out of disparate pieces that clank and ping. Though at times it's leaden, Iron Man also has enough moments of pizazz to intermittently soar.
0.8 The story is so rich and complex that Favreau is going to have a near-impossible task of outdoing himself with the inevitable sequel.
0.75 Not only is it a good comic book movie (smart and stupid, stirring and silly, intimate and spectacular), it's winning enough to engage even those who've never cared much for comic books or the movies they spawn. Like me.
0.8 ...who'd have thought that a successful superhero film could be more about character than action?
0.7 Iron Man is the best superhero film to come along since Batman Begins, and is one hell of a way to start off summer of 2008.
0.7 Une production a grand deploiement executant une formule bien etablie, mais avec un savoir-faire indeniable et un enthousiasme contagieux
0.9 The pace is good, not frantic, not "oh god we have to get to the explosions or we're gonna lose them" %u2013 and the actors are all above average at least. (Our leads are no strangers to the Oscar nomination process.)
0.875 One of the strongest entries into the superhero movie canon of recent years. While featuring a few flaws, this is one of the most entertaining comic book adaptations in last few years.
0.75 The visual effects are bound to give you goosebumps and maybe you'll find yourself uttering an audible "whoa."
0.9 The bottom line is this: the movie works. It works extremely well and it does so because of Downey.
0.75 Visual sizzle, top actors and a witty script, yet it could have been so much better if only it didn't try to cobble together a pacifist warrior.
1.0 At the end of the day it's Robert Downey Jr. who powers the lift-off separating this from most other superhero movies.
0.8 "Iron Man"'s true revelation is leading man Robert Downey, Jr., who may not be giving the greatest superhero performance ever, but is certainly the best actor to ever portray a superhero.
0.9 This may not be what the Academy has in mind when it's considering the Oscar worthy performances but Downey finds the reality of being a superhero and makes us buy into that. Final verdict: Iron Man is cool and Downey is hot.
0.68 Ironman is great fun, but it could've been better. And judging by interviews with director Jon Favreau the sequel sounds like it'll be a corker.
0.7 Downey imbues this superhero with a heart that glows as radiantly as the power reactor implants in his chest.
0.5 Hoping to blend comic book superhero thrills ... with the relevance of the real war-torn world, 'Iron Man,' directed by Jon Favreau, fails at both endeavors.
1.0 It's easily the best Marvel film, and quite possibly the best superhero film I have ever seen!!!
0.8 The brillance of Downey's performance is that Tony Stark is more of an impenetrable, unstoppable force than Iron Man.
1.0 Get your popcorn ready! Iron Man is the perfect start to the summer movie season.
0.85 Latest Theory of Flight: This film is politically smart, action-packed, sexy and fun. High-flying suit notwithstanding, this newest entry in the superhero arena has just raised the bar.
0.875 An adventure that you'll want to go on over and over...
0.8 "Iron Man" is highly entertaining and well made, and when I say highly entertaining and well made, I mean it's almost in the same league as "Batman Begins," "Spider-Man 2," "Superman Returns" and "X-Men 2." Hard to believe, but yes, it is that good.
0.6 If you can get past the irony (or hypocrisy) of the central concept Jon Favreau's adaptation is reasonably entertaining and uses its digital effects energetically.
0.875 While the movie is technically a marvel, it would have been an empty shell without the strong turn from Downey Jr. Wonderfully sarcastic and hedonistic early on, his transformation from capitalist to hero is logical because of the sincerity the actor inv
1.0 Iron Man is a thrilling ride full of excitement and laughs. Finally this year we have a great family film that everyone will enjoy.
1.0 This is hands down the best super hero/comic book movie I have ever seen!
0.875 Director Jon Favreau displays the same wonderment and control over visual effects as he did in 2005's underrated "Zathura." Excepting a clunky prologue and escape sequence, it's a flawlessly paced origin story with humor, smarts and soul.
0.8 This is awful! I'm just kidding...it's really good, and Downey, Jr. is perfect for the part.
0.6 Un pasatiempo entretenido que prioriza el desarrollo de una historia y de un personaje por sobre el mero despliegue de accion y efectos visuales. Robert Downey Jr. es un perfecto Tony Stark.
0.8 ...great fun, thanks mainly to the power of the original Marvel Comics concept...
0.875 Exciting, but the message is mixed: Stark's creation of Iron Man affirms rather than repudiates his arms race-exploiting past -- it proves once again that the one with the best weapons wins.
0.5 ...suffers from an uneven and increasingly oppressive structure that ultimately negates the film's few positive attributes...
0.875 'Iron Man' is not only action packed, as expected, but it is also laced with a story that has substance and with some wit and romance added to please all ages.
0.5 Garden-variety pop heroism/wish-fulfillment marinated in Robert Downey Jr.'s effortless insouciant sauce.
0.75 Just as Stark needs a device to keep his heart pumping, Iron Man requires Downey's presence to keep the heart of this franchise alive.
0.8 Iron Man has its flaws, but they're not enough to keep the film from being a good time at the movies.
0.8 An exciting, quick-witted adventure built to entertain.
0.7 To counter the character's relatively low Q-rating among the non-fanboy masses, Paramount has jacked up the f/x budget and made some interesting casting choices...
0.8 Move over, Superman. This lush, high-octane playboy never tasted so good. Iron Man has not only etched itself the mark of one of the best-reviewed films so far in 2008 but also one of the highest-rated superhero movies of all time.
0.6 Given everything that it does right, it is somewhat disappointing that Iron Man doesn't quite fly to the stratosphere.
0.7 o Iron Man, analafra diaskedastiko kai gargara synarpastiko prototypo eperhomenoy poly-iroa, shedon aggizontas tis eksarseis gamatosynis ton Transformers (2007) se stigmes, einai o,ti kalytero tha mporoyse na anoiksei to horo ton kalokairinon ypertheamato
0.9 Iron Man is what mainstream, big screen entertainment ought to be like.
0.8 He's not as limber as Spider-Man once was, or as darkly compelling as Batman is yet to be, but Iron Man comes with his own enjoyable strengths and weaknesses in a fun film that also has a point of view.
1.0 Favreau has turned what might have been just another comic strip formulation into a completely engaging amalgam of storytelling, romance, performance, acrobatics and organically motivated effects.
0.6 Too slow on the take off
0.875 Robert Downey, Jr. is an unusually good leading man ... and has great comic timing in this movie.
0.875 Even for a starting point, Favreau gives us what we came to see and this is a true accomplishment for general movie goers and most importantly: We comic book geeks...
1.0 A 'Marvel'-ously cerebral superhero with a functioning conscience.
0.6 It's supposed to be fun, and it is, in spots.
0.6 Fun summer blockbuster
0.875 This might be the most relevant superhero tale we have yet seen.
0.875 Robert Downey Jr. delivers a knockout performance that alone is worth the price of admission to watch.
1.0 'Iron Man' has several advantages over a lot of recent efforts in the superhero genre. It features a solid cast, snappy dialogue, some pleasant surprises, expectedly impressive special effects and even a hint of subtle social commentary. But most importan
0.8 Representando uma surpresa tao grande quanto a escalacao de Robert Downey Jr. como heroi de acao, o cineasta Jon Favreau se revela uma aposta bem sucedida da Marvel.
0.875 a thrilling, innovative and enormously entertaining movie that just may be the coolest AND smartest superhero adventure of them all.
0.9 It's Robert Downey Jr., having triumphed over his substance abuse battle, who puts the pedal to the metal and scores the freshest new franchise going.
0.625 Iron Man ... is really a four-act play in a three-act movie.
0.7 Something that everyone needs to know before they set foot in the theater: STAY AFTER THE CLOSING CREDITS. BEST BONUS SCENE EVER.
1.0 Cooooool!
0.85 The best superhero movie since Spider-Man 2. Robert Downey Jr is the film's best special effect.
0.75 In the second half, when the red-and-gold suit does the heavy lifting (sometimes literally), Iron Man stops being a great blockbuster and settles for being merely a good one.
0.875 The film nevertheless makes the crucial decision to set its story in the real world, to have its characters face real moral decisions with real consequences. And then, when Iron Man does show up for battle, this flick just soars.
0.875 Iron Man is an action sci-fi blockbuster extravaganza that provides cartoon thrills for thinking people. It's the best movie of its kind since the second Spider-Man movie four years ago.
0.75 Action scenes in comic-book films? Overrated. That's the lesson of Iron Man, which goes light on CGI fireworks but heavy enough on its most electrifying element -- Robert Downey Jr. -- to compensate.
0.8 Actually feels like a classic comic book: fast, furious and flip. Forget about superheroes with love problems and tortured souls.
0.875 Directed with joyful verve and a nice pinch of cultural nerve by Jon Favreau, Iron Man reinvigorates hope in the joys of the summer movie. It is simple a" and not so simple a" fun.
0.625 Downey could have taken a tragic tack. But he has fun just figuring out how to make the armor suit work. His sarcasm and almost drunken Tony Curtis body language transform the scenes of Iron Man.
0.875 Doubters with their tales of suspense about whether or not Iron Man will fly as a franchise can finally calm down -- and Batman and Spider-Man fans can start to get edgy about sharing the cinematic spotlight.
1.0 While Iron Man has never ranked among the most iconic of American superheroes, Downey's brilliantly nuanced performance as a hedonist in the grip of a midlife crisis might change that.
0.6 A superhero flick with the message that an arms dealer can see the light and give up the business of making a profit on the death of others.
0.75 Iron Man forges a new trail subsequent superhero films would be wise to follow.
0.9 ...a machine with a human heart, a gleaming vehicle of transport.
0.4 Despite the convulsively jittery address to the role, [Downey] is never in the smallest degree engaging in the way director Jon Favreau appears to think.
0.8 Is it summer already? The first of the big budget superhero blockbusters has arrived, and it's a roaring success, thanks to a combination of superb special effects and canny casting.
0.7 Let the Summer Games begin! Fun, entertaining and emboldened with broad appeal, this first foray into the summer blockbuster blitzkrieg will not disappoint.
0.75 ...a slam-bang kickoff to the blockbuster movie season...
0.6 There is precious little comedy and even less characterisation.
0.9 In the proficient hands of Jon Favreau, abetted by a magnificent performance by Robert Downey, Jr., not only does Iron Man pay off, but it raises the stakes for comic book movies to follow, as well as the entire summer film season.
0.75 What sets the movie apart ... is that ... it is not bogged down with the "with great power comes great responsibility" mantra that weighs upon other costumed crusaders.
0.75 Dangerously dependant on Robert Downey Jr. for entertainment. He throws a one-man party during every scene. But when he's off-screen, the film wilts. (Yes, even with Jeff Bridges' anti-Dude.) Re-cast, it would only be a shade better than Daredevil.
0.9 Iron Man is fantastic, a sure fire blockbuster that will leave audiences breathless and fanboys wanting more.
0.75 Favreau fully respects the material, and brings to the table a highly developed sense of humor and--praise the heavens--taste. [Blu-ray]
0.625 Its thin script suggests that the movie is more interested in setting up a franchise than entertaining us, which it does do sporadically.
0.875 ... lives up to its promise and premise... the benchmark for this summer's blockbusters has just been set.
0.6 Fulfills all the requirements of its genre admirably, but never rises beyond the level of baseline satisfaction.
0.9 While not perfect, it comes pretty damn close - Iron Man is one of the best superhero movie adaptations to hit the big screen so far.
0.8 A slightly-better-than-average popcorn epic featuring a performance from Downey that is so funny and inventive and entertaining that he pretty much winds up carrying the entire movie on his shoulders.
0.8 It's as if someone snuck a hefty slug of bourbon into your cherry cola; all of the sugar and flavor and fizz you expect from a well-made comic-book movie are there, but there's something a little more grown-up going on behind them.
0.7 a solid, well-crafted launch for what should be a lucrative franchise.
0.8 Iron Man is terrific. Full of explosions, one-liners, and nifty special effects, it goes the extra mile of casting Robert Downey, Jr., one of the best actors working today, in the title role
0.875 This exciting, enthralling action-thriller is certainly the best comic book-based movie since the second Spider-Man film.
0.75 After 2003's Elf and 2005's Zathura, Favreau has now made three smart, family-friendly, high-concept popcorn movies.
0.875 Iron Man gives the summer movie season a smashing start.
0.9 You'll believe a (iron) man can fly in 'Iron Man,' the undisputed movie to beat this summer season.
0.75 Robert Downey, Jr.'s effortlessly nuanced performance as Tony Stark is a dark delight that combines pop-culture wit and genuine emotional depth.
0.75 Favreau trumps last year's clunky Transformers with his smooth, almost musical footage of Iron Man's armor and its thousands of pieces clicking into place.
0.75 A largely satisfying summer entertainment blending brains and geekiness in equal measure.
0.9 This is lotsa fun!
0.8 It's this balance between real world stakes and superhero surrealism that makes Favreau's film such a success.
0.875 Jon Favreau has directed Iron Man with a wit and intelligence to match Downey's.
0.75 The payoff of casting Downey is as big as the risk. He's not in the movie, he owns it in a way that makes it hard to imagine without him.
0.75 A witty and dapper speeding bullet of a film, able to appeal to nerds and civilians alike.
0.75 [It's] an absolute blast to watch, a consummate piece of popcorn entertainment made with wit and class, and it leaves you so pumped for a sequel that it is practically guaranteed to become a huge hit. The bar for the summer movie season has been set.
0.6 It's fantastic to see a superhero movie getting away from the navel-gazing to serve up overboard action with a knowing sense of humour.
0.8 Everything a summer movie should be, and more.
0.75 Iron Man is fresh and fast enough to remind you of why you liked comics to begin with.
0.8 It is light, rather than heavy metal, marked by invigorating war-machine FX and a smart and subtle acting performance, at least by the standards of this genre.
0.8 The movie rises and falls on the strength of Downey, and it rises pretty high.
0.875 One of the hippest, best-written and best-directed superhero movies ever -- a splendid way to kick off the summer movie season.
0.75 It breaks no new ground, but it plows the old ground vigorously.
0.5 Downey's unbeatable charisma makes these problems less troublesome than they would be otherwise, but wouldn't it be nice if they didn't exist at all?
0.75 Hollywood has unearthed an unlikely weapon of mass destruction: Robert Downey Jr.
0.75 Downey's richly human performance as a reformed rake who relies on his intelligence, feels both personal and genuinely fresh.
0.875 There's no rust on the first blockbuster of summer '08: Iron Man is an ironclad cinch to be a hit.
1.0 Iron Man is simply great escapism. It deserves to be the first blockbuster of the summer.
0.7 Frontloaded, [but] boasts a great look, abundant humor, and Robert Downey Jr. making the case for middle-aged, flawed superheroes.
0.875 Easily the best superhero film since "Batman Begins," which for my money is the best in the genre.
0.875 Downey absolutely owns this role. He's pitch perfect as Stark, infusing the character with more personality and comedic one-liners than there ever were in the comics.
0.875 Like every path to success, there is an origin story and Iron Man ranks as one of the most instantaneously satisfying of all of them.
0.7 When an action blockbuster comes along that actually bothers to create lively, memorable characters, you don't want to miss it.
0.8 This is everything you could possibly want from a superhero movie.
0.875 ...should make anyone who went gaga over Transformers finally understand why those metal emperors wore no clothes.
0.875 Fan boys looking for an action and special effects-filled popcorn spectacle will be thrilled by "Iron Man's" pyrotechnic treats. Discriminating audiences hoping for a film that features more acting than action will also be thrilled by the casting of Rober
0.625 The film is at its best when reveling in Downey's gift for letting bon mots dryly roll off his tongue, as well as his effortless blend of hedonistic insouciance and resolute intensity.
0.625 Not quite memorable enough to live up to the top superhero films but proficient enough to be satisfying, Iron Man suggests with a clever ending that better things are yet to come.
0.875 Iron Man kicks off summer on a blazing high note and practically dares the competition to measure up.
0.875 Fast, funny and deliriously entertaining.
0.75 Despite several adrenaline-pumping moments, Favreau and Downey stay focused on the real story -- about a man learning to take responsibility for his actions. For all its firepower and CGI slickness, that's what really makes Iron Man fly.
0.875 This is one summer blockbuster that succeeds on brains, not bombast.
0.875 Mainly it has Robert Downey Jr. The newly insurable actor, who has had his run-ins with various chemicals in the past, plays this louche playboy with a knowing glint in his eye."
0.75 Seeing Downey and Bridges duel is one of the film's primary delights.
0.7 Bloodied but unbowed, wounded but walking, Downey Jr.'s sly take on Marvel Comics' cold warrior Iron Man elevates everything about this film.
0.875 Over the years, there have been only a handful of exceptional superhero movies, and Iron Man is among them.
0.7 Funny without being cartoonish and serious without being dull, a difficult balance that also happens to be an apt one-line bio for Downey Jr.
0.9 Easily the best Marvel Comics based movie yet -- Favreau, Downey and company have really nailed this one!
0.75 Saddled with a fairly typical superhero "origin story", director Jon Favreau compensates with some inspired choices: keeping the pace as fast as possible and casting Robert Downey Jr. as the man behind the mask.
0.7 Kudos to Iron Man for finding novel twists on an exhausted genre.
0.8 Iron Man is a lot of fun, especially for a superhero origin story, since they so often end up going awry.
0.9 Mr. Downey delivers the best popcorn flick performance since Johnny Depp first played pirate.
0.7 For Marvel, whose recent string of missteps have left fans doubting the comic giant, Iron Man is an excellent return to form and the likely start of another successful franchise.
0.6 In place is a talented cast, an interesting director, an established lead character, and a wealth of plots from the comics ready to be mined for future storylines. Despite Iron Man's problems, it will definitely leave you wanting more.
0.6 Light on both CGI and moral quandaries, [it posesses] neither the zip and sparkle of a Spider-Man nor the brooding existential subtexts of Batman Begins.
0.6 It's not sure where to go once the final Iron Man suit is constructed, and seems in a rush to get there, but Downey Jr and the supporting cast are so perfectly placed we're already looking forward to the bound-to-be-better sequel.
0.8 A n exceptionally well-made, incredibly entertaining and -- dare I say it -- marvelous superhero movie.
0.6 Audiences looking for grand escapist fare at cinemas this summer won't mind having spent their price of admission on it. Be sure to get some popcorn too.
0.6 Legacy intact! The Bourne Legacy ensures we've not seen the end of the franchise just yet.
0.6 Unless America is really that stuck on Matt Damon in the Bourne franchise, I see no reason that Renner's work here shouldn't make him a star.
0.8 It couldn't ever hope to match the Paul Greengrass/Matt Damon movies for sheer punch and propulsion, but it's as close to replicating them as you could expect, and marks another excellent entry into the Bourneography.
0.6 'The Bourne Legacy' is by no means a bad film. Unfortunately, it just has trouble living up to the real world Jason Bourne 'legacy.'
0.7 There's a lot to like about The Bourne Legacy, but it's hard not to feel a little worried that the rich complexity of Ludlum's past work might be lost in the transition-and that's a legacy that really needs to be upheld.
0.4 ... all middle with no beginning -- and, of course, no end, so the franchise can go on.
0.35 The Bourne Legacy is the strangest sequel to come out of the Hollywood studio system in a long, long time. It's a product of shallow studio greed and staggering creative ineptitude.
0.6 Though the weakest of the series, "The Bourne Legacy" is not a throw-away action film. It's one of the best thrillers of the year and a sure bet on the future success of the "Bourne" franchise.
0.6 If you can survive the first hour's complexities - you'll need to focus hard on the narrative to keep up - a pay-off, of sorts, awaits.
0.75 Renner and Weisz make an entertaining action-movie odd couple, the terse man of action and the chatty scientist who learns fast how to react when the shooting starts.
0.6 It's watchable, but doesn't have enough sense of character or purpose to make us care about anything that happens
0.625 It's a mostly unnecessary addition to the smart, exciting "Bourne" trilogy.
0.7 Jeremy Renner steps into this reboot of the "Bourne" franchise and the series doesn't miss a beat.
0.2 If this is the legacy of the Bourne franchise, we're better off just forgetting all about it.
0.5 After one of the best chase sequences of any movie this year, it literally slams into an ending that doesn't feel very much like an ending at all, leaving viewers adrift in a sea of unanswered spy questions.
0.5 When it comes to action filmmaking Tony Gilroy still has much to learn, namely: don't expect underwhelming action sequences to be a life preserver in an ocean of complicated plot devices.
0.8 An intelligent, fantastic piece of well constructed pop entertainment that has a certain air of erudite emotional remove.
0.6 It falters a little bit and it's really just an effort to keep a lucrative franchise alive without its iconic star, but it still seems to have plenty of life left in it.
0.6 It's as good a story as you can hope when you're trying to keep a franchise afloat without the main character, but it still feels a little underdone.
0.4 There comes a point at which you have enhanced soldiers fighting with non-enhanced people stuck in the middle...where you're just remaking Terminator 2.
0.6 The film is too well-made and too well-paced to reek of cynicism...But rather than leaving you yearning for yet more Bourne, this exhausting fourth installment is more likely to have you citing one of the clearly stated themes in the film: "no more".
0.75 an accelerated action movie riff on "Flowers for Algernon"
0.4 A bloated waste of time.
0.75 Even without Jason Bourne and the corresponding Matt Damon, it's a well-cast and well-done continuation of the series.
0.6 Manages at one and the same time to feel very propulsive without actually going anywhere in particular or having much of a point.
0.7 The Bourne Legacy is a solid, if slightly underwhelming, return for the franchise.
0.4 The Bourne Legacy in no way honours the Bourne legacy. It is merely an exercise in brand maintenance until Damon feels like climbing down off his wallet to be Bourne again.
0.8 The Bourne Legacy is quieter, slower, more sobering. The conspiracy is bigger and darker than we thought.
0.6 There's enough there, in all likelihood, to make audiences hope for more, but it's not as finished or complete a work as it should have been.
0.8 Jeremy Renner takes over the franchise and lends his character a menacing charm.
0.6 The action - foot chases, gun battles, and one lengthy episode on motorbikes in the choked streets of Manila - is really, really good.
0.6 A nimble and well-crafted chase thriller.
0.4 Where The Bourne Ultimatum was a lesson in how to construct a jargon-heavy, location-hopping, it-goes-all-the-way-up-to-the-top spy thriller, The Bourne Legacy is a lesson in how not to.
0.3 Why oh why would you spoil the brilliance of a perfect film trilogy with a Bourne inferior? The Bourne Legacy is a fourth big screen adventure for the super spy but sadly one without a plot, a point and most incredibly Jason Bourne.
0.75 Since The Bourne Legacy's non-ending leaves the franchise in need of a real finale, it would be great if Damon signs back up and joins Renner for one last Bourne experience.
0.75 Whether you like 'The Bourne Legacy' depends on what you think about 'link' movies.
0.4 It is really just another action chase story with a science-fictional MacGuffin concept that could have even been an afterthought.
0.4 All could be forgiven if the action delivered, but it doesn't.
0.8 The ending suggests a sequel, and why not? I'd watch Renner again, though I'd still prefer it if Damon and Greengrass returned.
0.6 Tony Gilroy handles the action sequences decently enough, aided by John Gilroy's brisk editing and striking camerawork from Robert Elswit.
0.8 It's game all the way, it has some applause moments for the superb engineering of several action sequences, and it rates high marks for conception and writing. But we're missing something. Could it be Jason Bourne?
0.64 Legacy is a fine pseudo-reboot--mostly setup but good enough to warrant a sequel to see what Gilroy and Renner come up with next.
0.6 It's an exciting chase thriller, but it's thin, playing like the first act of three parts and while Cross is physically strong, he may not have the legs for it.
0.4 Shares crucial DNA with the earlier films but is drawn from the shallower end of the gene pool.
0.5 If Identity, Supremacy, and Ultimatum were the cheeky entree, mouth-watering main, and delectable dessert, respectively, watching this fourquel feels like finally receiving the bill.
0.8 Gilroy hasn't locked down every last task and stumbles at the end, but he keeps an awful lot spinning for an awfully long time.
0.9 Whether you call this a reboot, extension, evolution or a spin-off, I'm thrilled with where this franchise can go.
0.5 For 100 minutes, this is a slam-bang, humdinger of a movie, which turns into a Perils of Pauline serial, with the story never coming to an end after a mindless, 30-minute chase.
0.5 The 'Curse of the Pink Panther' of Jason Bourne films.
0.4 Everything Gilroy and crew concoct only serves to mock the excellence and passion with which Greengrass delivered his films.
0.75 Might have benefited from a tighter edit, but overall still manages to thrill.
0.7 A fundamental issue at the heart of The Bourne Legacy is it lacks the same propulsive narrative and ongoing journey of self-discovery for its protagonist - key ingredients which made the first series so memorable.
0.5 The Bourne Legacy may wind up being remembered as the New Coke of the Bourne franchise. It's really not all that much different, but it's likely to leave the public clamoring for Bourne Classic.
0.6 The Bourne Legacy moves on, and takes us on a spirited journey. Stow your baggage, and it's a trip well worth taking.
0.6 This is such an obvious black-ops ploy to milk the cash cow...
0.625 Action sequences run hot-and-cold: A battle inside Marta's home is superbly orchestrated, but a chase through Manila is overbaked, particularly when one notes that the assassin in pursuit proves to be as indestructible as a T-1000 sent from the future.
0.8 You can be Bourne again without Bourne -- again.
0.75 A primer on how to make a successful sequel sans a hit franchise's title character, star or source material from the series' creator.
0.5 There are a handful of key action sequences that are wrapped up in this really boring movie. It's like one of the lamest and least memorable pigs in a blanket you've ever experienced.
0.5 "Like Flowers for Algernon, only with Predator drones."
0.5 It's too bad that Universal wasn't content with merely letting amnesiac superspy Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) end his saga with dignity.
0.7 Gilroy brings a calmness and a smartness to the summer action movie, and it was a welcome diversion.
0.5 The Bourne Legacy needs Matt Damon, better action and an ending. The best part about this flick is James Newton Howards incredible score!
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is competently made, features a rugged hero and packs a few visceral wallops. It's also a wholly unnecessary extension of the "Bourne" brand, and that fact drags down the entire project.
0.4 Might pass muster as a serviceable, if infuriatingly coy, Bourne spin-off if the lead were not so woefully miscast.
0.5 We come looking for bravado and butt kicking...we end up with little more than dialogue and discussion.
0.5 For a film with Jason Bourne's DNA, this is the slow one in the family.
0.625 Disappointing recycling of bits from older "Bourne" movies with an unnecessarily complicated, slow-to-get-going and even by Bourne standards unbelievable plot.
0.6 As mindless entertainment goes, Legacy is better than most with good dialogue and excellent character work from Renner. But it's incomplete and ultimately unable to carve out an identity of its own.
0.6 Non-stop action sequel holds its own against predecessors.
0.75 What Gilroy can do with mastery is build tension.
0.875 Renner and Weisz work well together as two hunted souls who initially need each other for utilitarian reasons.
0.6 Universal hits reset, take the series in a new direction, and introduces some fresh ideas that help buttress what ends up being a reasonably intense action film.
0.5 Gilroy's a fine writer - he also penned Michael Clayton - but without the discipline of an action veteran like Greengrass to rein him in, he indulges his weakness to over-explain things.
0.2 This franchise is going to have to come up with something pretty special if it hopes to limp past this miserable entry.
0.5 It's twists and turns and nothing else. And fast and furious as it may be, if this is the best this once-smart series has to offer, this is no legacy.
0.55 A quasi spinoff, a side-quel if you will, the plot runs in an obfuscated parallel construction. Hang thru the first hour for a much better second. Renner + Weisz are worth it.
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is one of Alfred Hitchcock's "refrigerator movies," in that it succeeds pretty well "in the moment" but starts to fall apart when considered in retrospect.
0.125 They really should promote it as The Bourne Legacy starring Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz and a photo of Matt Damon We Will Show Every 5 Minutes To Make You Feel Like Matt Damon Is In The Movie.
0.5 Disappointing as both a Bourne sequel and as Tony Gilroy's followup to the brilliant Duplicity...
0.375 This is a talky, draggy thriller, muddled by flashbacks and woefully low on action.
0.75 Bourne fans will find much to enjoy about The Bourne Legacy, even if they are forced to do without the title character.
0.75 Gilroy has brought characteristic taste and skill to a nearly impossible task: embracing the past without completely erasing it, thereby creating an invitingly complicated and open-ended future.
0.6 Along the way there are a number of action set pieces including a bravura chase through Manila on foot and on motorcycle that plays out like a game of three-dimensional chess.
0.4 The biggest problem isn't even Bourne's absence- it's that the film's parts don't add up to much of substance.
0.45 an uneven start to a new franchise that may need a director with a completely different vision in order for it to be truly born again.
0.7 Never tell a studio that their golden goose is finished laying eggs.
0.5 The need to link this story to the ones before it is understandable ... but it's also a massive weight on the movie's shoulders.
0.25 The "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" or "Exorcist II: The Heretic" of the "Bourne" series, a low-rent, low-voltage rehash with each new idea offered up being a bad one.
0.25 It all but squanders Jeremy Renner and Rachel Weisz, although with actors less appealing, "The Bourne Legacy" would be even worse.
0.5 "The Bourne Legacy" is ... the cinematic equivalent of an NFL Pro Bowl - exciting, but after a while all the offense becomes a tad tiresome and repetitious. There is something to be said for defense.
0.8 Complex, unexpected and dazzling, alternating relentless tension with resonant emotional moments, this is an exemplary espionage thriller that has a strong sense of what it wants to accomplish and how best to get there.
0.6 It's deja vu all over again.
0.75 A brisk and challenging film.
0.6 Essentially one big long chase scene that never wants to stop, and with good reason. Because whenever it does, the audience might start thinking.
0.125 not merely the worst entry in a series I've liked until now, but also one of the worst movies of the year.
1.0 "The Bourne Legacy" makes the most of its inheritance and sets the stage for a long, rich genealogy to come.
0.75 A momentum-driven thriller that depends less on star power than on epic action sequences.
0.4 'Legacy' has to dig deeper to find new ground to cover, introducing elements of sci-fi into the equation. The result is surprisingly limp and even more incomprehensible.
0.5 It struggles (ironically) to establish its own identity. Bourne himself, it turns out, casts too great a shadow.
0.625 The Bourne Legacy is dwarfed by the three smash Bourne movies that preceded it. But for summer movie night escapsim, you could do worse.
0.625 Renner projects too much complexity to be an action hero, and he and Weisz have no chemistry ...
0.625 The best thing that can be said about "The Bourne Legacy" is that Renner will survive it.
0.6 By the time Rachel Weisz, as a scientist called Dr. Marta Shearing, showed up in a lab coat, I stopped trying to parse every plot twist and just went with the action flow.
0.625 It's chaotic, but still kind of fun.
0.6 He won't erase any memories of Damon, but Renner's turn is strong enough to stand on its own.
0.375 Paul Greengrass directed the second and third Jason Bourne films brilliantly but refused to go on, joking that any fourth installment would have to be called The Bourne Redundancy. Little did he know how true that would turn out to be.
0.7 The Bourne series hasn't been reinvented, only revived, and there's plenty of fuel still to burn.
0.75 These franchise films are best when they feature working actors such as Renner.
0.6 Taken on its own terms, "The Bourne Legacy" is a pretty good action thriller.
0.5 Just remember, kids, you're not paranoid if they're really out to get you...or your movie dollars.
0.625 It's not great, but it's pretty good.
0.6 Interesting takes on espionage tools of drones, genetics, and surveillance.
0.4 If this is Bourne's legacy, he should amend his will.
0.7 There are some elements of The Bourne Legacy that feel a bit too much like the less-accomplished sibling of a successful older brother but not enough to offset what truly does work about this smart, engaging thriller.
0.6 Despite its muddled origins, this fourth movie is much more of a bang and less of a whimper than any of us feared, and Jeremy Renner is emerging as the intelligent person's action star.
0.75 It bodes well for the future of the franchise that Renner and Wesiz share not only a gripping predicament but something more important: chemistry.
0.75 Matt who? Jeremy Renner finally gets his due in this well-crafted and entirely satisfying entry in the sturdy spy franchise.
0.7 ...there are excellent performances and a few really first-rate suspense-set pieces...
0.8 It adheres pretty strictly to the BOURNE formula, but LEGACY is still a very entertaining spy thriller. Renner is shaping up to be an ace leading man.
0.5 The Gilroys --co-writer/director Tony, writer Dan -- don't kill or wreck "The Bourne Legacy." But this Treadstone retread just treads water, and that's no way to make it Bourne again.
0.75 Jeremy Renner transitions smoothly into leading man status. He's scrappy. Athletic. Real.
0.75 Without being remotely realistic ... has a crunch that nonetheless feels authentic.
0.5 The last half-hour of the film is one enormous action sequence in Manila that must have been exceptionally difficult to shoot and even harder to edit together. It's also hard to sit through.
0.5 Narratively it's a pretzel, half-baked.
0.625 It's ultimately not quite satisfying. It's a quick, tense trip, rather than a thrill ride.
0.625 "The Bourne Legacy" is always gripping in the moment. The problem is in getting the moments to add up.
0.65 Renner and Weisz have the crackle of legitimate chemistry, enough to make you want more scenes of them together and less of them in visually garbled clashes and chases.
0.5 Merely an unnecessary (and mostly unsuccessful) footnote.
0.6 In the original Bourne series it was "fight fight fight/story story story." It had that balance. This one has a lot of talking for a long time. We get the point, and then they keep talking and talking...let's have a fight already.
0.76 I was hooked and then it left me a bit flat at the end. Maybe I'm just spoiled because of The Avengers where I always want to see someone team up or go against each other. If that happens with this franchise it seems like it would fit.
0.5 Rachel Weisz is the best thing in this overlong slog through Matt Damon's table scraps.
0.6 Perhaps in a second movie Aaron Cross can stand on his own, but for now he feels trapped in the shadow of what came before.
0.4 The Bourne Legacy disgraces the family name
0.6 The verbal heavy-lifting gets ridiculous in light of the silliness of the story's X-Men-ready genetic-mutation plot.
0.6 Sets the stage for better and fuller adventures to come.
0.4 If this movie were its own animal it would have a shot at being good. Its franchise contortions ruin it.
0.625 One successful set piece in 135 minutes, and it involves very little running, no parkour, and no genetically enhanced superheroes from clandestine government projects.
0.8 Although there isn't nearly as much action as the original three movies, it's doubtful anyone will leave Legacy not wanting to see more of Renner and Weisz in these roles.
0.8 Writer and director Tony Gilroy, who penned all three previous episodes, has come up with an elegant solution that manages to widen out the story without feeling like a Hollywood cash-in.
1.0 It is a joyful and at the same time a thoroughly artistic contribution to motion pictures.
0.4 We are treated to superb city landscapes but so much minor detail that you never know who is doing what to whom, or even why.
0.6 It's beautifully animated - the climactic sequence in Earth orbit is breathtaking - and its philosophical digressions are fascinating, if completely bananas.
0.4 The script is lousy and laughable. Anime fans may be able to take the talky portentousness, but the ideas are ridiculous.
0.4 We're in a post-9/11 world plagued with terror attacks. Is it an American corporate conspiracy? Or the work of a deity? Cue the obligatory second-half metaphysical blather.
0.4 The cyborgs' epic search for 'His Voice' quickly becomes a little tenuous and ridiculous, pushing the film into maddening and tedious territory.
0.8 One of the most ambitious and interesting movies of the last few years.
0.6 Terrific-looking action sequences alternate with less terrific expository chat. Despite the natter, it's all mildly baffling.
0.2 Ambitious, perhaps, but hardly entertaining.
0.4 A disappointingly dated and unpowered Manga update.
1.0 A compelling classic nature story.
