0.625 ...often just as dull as it is engaging...
0.4 Lackluster story only for kindergarteners.
0.5 If "the CEO wants to sell teddy bears" isn't going to inspire writers to do their best work, what on Earth possibly could?
0.7 Predictable? Yes. Corny? Sure. But Brother Bear is still good, family fun.
0.75 'Es una de esas joyitas que no pueden faltar en ninguna coleccion personal y cuyo valor seguramente sera reconocido en los anos por venir.'
0.875 The movie isn&#8217;t as witty as Monsters, Inc. and the storytelling isn&#8217;t as sharp as in Tarzan, but the theme of environmental kindness is priceless.
0.5 I still don't understand how Brother Bear got an Oscar nomination for Best Animated film, but there are plenty of worse movies out there.
0.6 ...for all its earnestness, its wholesomeness, and its uplifting moral values, Brother Bear is formula Disney.
0.8 Great music from Phil Collins and a couple of familiar moose make Brother Bear an animated film worth checking out with the whole family.
0.9 "A rich, deeply felt story about self-actualization and love, as well as about learning to respect nature on its own terms. It's the new Bambi.
0.3 Skirts self-parody in its rigid adherence to the cartoon-epic template.
0.6 Brother Bear probably won't crossover to adult moviegoers without kids [but] it's an intelligent and entertaining addition to the Disney catalog.
1.0 Os animadores da Disney fazem mais um trabalho excepcional e repleto de preciosismos.
0.4 Run-of-the-mill fare like this only gives more power to the pixel-pushers.
0.75 A New Age-y tale that doesn't quite rank as a Disney masterpiece, but which is enjoyable nonetheless.
0.4 .
0.75 These beasts are beautiful, but "Brother Bear" is no "Beauty and the Beast."
0.5 Give one chef eggs, cream, and sugar, and he'll produce creme brulee. In another kitchen, you'll get plain old vanilla pudding. What we have in Brother Bear, for all the potentially tasty ingredients, is pudding.
0.4 Disney's animated fable takes the "circle of life" for another wearying spin down a road the studio has traveled before.
0.5 Brother Bear should please most kids, but its formulaic story and predictable animation prove Disney needs to try a little harder next time.
0.375 Saddle our freshly hirsute hero with an insufferably chatty-cute sidekick ... and you're pouring chocolate sauce on a Double Stuf Oreo.
0.625 Pixar is forcing Disney to keep up with more than ongoing distribution negotiations; Brother Bear is proof its muscles are starting to cramp.
0.6 Brother Bear ups the usual Disney ante by affording the viewer the demise of a brother and a mother before this latest offering is a reel old.
0.375 Oh, brother, what a bore...
0.5 Although there are five credited writers, it's as if they copied and pasted material from other sources but forgot what made the originals work.
0.5 The much-handled script is stifling in its self-conscious seriousness.
0.75 While not a masterpiece along the lines of The Lion King, and not a super-smart witticism-fest like Lilo & Stitch, Brother Bear is deeply heartfelt, touching, and beautiful.
0.5 With the undistinguished Brother Bear, Disney seems to have forgotten it no longer monopolizes the animated feature market.
0.625 An inconsequential picture like this isn't going to do much to persuade Disney to keep its artists supplied with inks and watercolors as well as hard drives and mousepads.
0.3 The characters are mechanisms who move along the plot arc from point A to point B.
0.8 Quite easily the best traditionally animated Walt Disney film since 1994's, The Lion King.
0.6 The hand-drawn animation is alternately static and inconsistent, and the story may be too downbeat for younger kids, who are most assuredly the target audience.
0.5 It's hard to avoid concluding that Brother Bear was pitched as Pocahontas meets The Lion King since it recycles the themes of both, not to mention a character or two.
0.4 Man bad, wildlife good...what a load.
0.5 Perhaps a better title would have been Oh Brother! Bear.
0.625 A collection of terrible songs by Phil Collins continuously halts the movie in its tracks.
0.6 The parts may not all fit neatly together, but the whole delivers a tale of brotherly love with just enough laughs to keep the kids entertained throughout.
0.375 What's maddening about Bear is that it dangles good stuff in front of us -- an intriguing American Indian myth, beautifully stylized backgrounds -- and yanks it away to dive into conventional territory.
0.625 A sentimental and enjoyable family film.
0.75 The good news is that this is mostly good old-fashioned hand-drawn Disney animation. The bad news is that it relies too much on old-fashioned formula, hackneyed plot and cookie-cutter characters.
0.75 There's a nagging sameness here that dwarfs the film's noble intentions and rather striking cinematics.
0.6 It feels like the moviemakers went through the motions because it's time again for a holiday season cartoon for the little ones.
0.625 While there are certainly laughs to be had, and the backgrounds are frequently ravishing, Brother Bear is frankly a bore.
0.7 Disney's latest attempt to hold the line for traditional animation is a formulaic enough effort, but it still comes through with the moralistic goods when it needs to.
0.6 Brother Bear is bearable, but just barely.
0.7 Brother Bear is safe family fare.
0.5 The film can be recommended to parents of headstrong children who are up for a wild, frequently entertaining, but not always coherent ride. Everyone else might want to download the Disney screensaver.
0.625 It's eminently forgettable and does represent Mouse House storytelling at its most formulaic, but it's still better than a great deal of what passes for animated entertainment these days.
0.375 Disney has turned the call of the wild into the stultifying murmur of group therapy.
0.5 Seems destined to swirl down the drain along with other Mouse House flameouts
0.75 Children and their parents are likely to relate on completely different levels, the adults connecting with the transfer of souls from man to beast, while the kids are excited by the adventure stuff.
0.875 Proves hand-drawn animation can dazzle as much the computerized kind.
0.375 ...runs on circle-of-life blather and Casio-keyboard songs by Phil Collins. To call it bland would be an insult to Barry Manilow.
0.75 Good story, solid animation, catchy songs, a beautiful score by Mark Mancina and big laughs to not bore the adults. Sounds like the perfect definition of a family film to me.
0.375 Brother Bear just doesn't have the original Disney spark; rather it seems like a paint-by-numbers marketing venture.
0.75 Even though the story never was never quite gripping enough, "Brother Bear" still is an enjoyable movie for the kids
0.625 Messages about appreciating the world around you and a reworking of The Lion King circle-of-life riff are likely to be warmly accepted.
0.75 A generally upbeat and engaging tale of friendship and understanding.
0.5 Though six credited people (and doubtless uncredited ones as well) worked on script and story, this fits the Disney template to a T.
0.7 Solid family entertainment, but won't give Pixar a run for its money.
0.5 There's something vanilla about the whole enterprise.
0.4 Brother Bear does have a satisfying ending and it's nice to see a G-rated film without bathroom humor, but there is too much formula and not enough reason to pay attention here.
0.75 A pleasant experience that is more appropriate for families than for adults unaccompanied by young offspring.
0.4 The painted backgrounds are pretty, but the animation is sketchy and flat-looking; the characters cast no shadows and don't seem to weigh anything.
0.6 Uncommonly satisfied with letting the characters just sit there onscreen, inhabiting cliches until the audience does some eye-rolling.
0.4 You can't fault the message it wants to send . . . [a]las, the execution is 90% generic and 100% unfunny
0.625 It's kind of cute -- but just not cute enough.
0.75 A sweet celebration of brotherhood in its many forms.
0.4 While the hand-drawn animation is visually appealing, the story is completely predictable and Phil Collins's music lacks the impact of his Oscar-winning Tarzan tunes.
0.7 Disney has come up with a mythical tale, strong on both sentiment and humor and, of course, stuffed with suitable family values messages about being kind to animals and loving your brother as you would be loved.
0.625 It's a thoroughly pleasant, if unremarkable, kids' movie that will keep the little ones entertained for 80 minutes while not hurting their parents' heads too much.
0.5 Though Brother Bear is as beautiful as any of Disney's hand-drawn features, the gang-written script is deadly flat.
0.6 To put it frankly, it's generic.
0.375 An uninspired recycling of themes that were far more gripping in The Lion King and countless other earlier Mouse House classics.
0.4 If Brother Bear aspires to be The Lion King Plus, that plus is the infusion of ethnographic kitsch recycled from earlier Disney hits like Mulan and Pocahontas that adds moral tone, but no extra entertainment value.
0.125 A quintessential example of a dishonest picture.
0.5 A play- it-safe pastiche of familiar Disney tropes, from the senseless killing of a poor animal to the headstrong young adventurer to the ragtag comic relief to ... well, you can fill in the rest.
0.5 All the old Disney trademarks are here, except the wit and surprise that were once the studio's stock in trade.
0.375 The embarrassing Earth Mother chants by Phil Collins further remove us from the world of the sacred past and straight into a Disney marketeer's cubicle.
0.5 Here's yet another animated feature from Disney's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages, a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now.
0.75 Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.
0.75 [Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.
0.7 Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.
0.7 Disney had perhaps the clearest vision of any creative talent in Hollywood, and 'The Jungle Book' is the last project with which he was personally involved. Though he died before it hit theaters, he would have been proud of the final cut.
0.5 ...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking.
1.0 Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic.
0.6 By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time.
0.875 A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories.
1.0 It's a slight tale, of course, and incredibly short, but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again.
1.0 Ridiculously entertaining.
0.625 The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable, but Baloo's lip-licking post-mortem ("I still think he'd a made one swell bear") is what sticks.
0.8 Reflects a conservative, imperialist, 'don't mix the races/species' worldview. Yet it's also about friendship and truthfulness, and it's just plain fun.
0.8 The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic.
0.7 ...the characters, music, and animation more than make up for any shortcomings, and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone.
0.8 Fun characters, irresistible songs -- a Disney classic.
0.6 Pretty good, but not great later Disney effort.
0.6 I'll never get that "Bear Necessities" song out of my head, ever. I guess that's a testament to the movie.
0.8 The Jungle Book isn't without its rough spots, but on the whole it's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon.
0.6 The background animation is embarrassing, but the songs are fun.
0.625 ..an uneven episode in the Disney legacy, without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number.
0.8 The Jungle Book is fun, cheerful animation; high on hummable songs and comedy; and low on scary moments.
0.6 Mildly amusing sports-themed sequel is fun for young kids.
0.8 The fantasy elements are so seamlessly blended with real elements. There is very little disbelief by the characters, and you want to believe yourself by the end.
0.6 Apart from the ecofriendly message, we have, as always, Miyazaki's magnificently inventive animation, which is almost enough to carry the day.
0.6 There's still plenty of gorgeous eye-candy to keep adults going if they've taken their kids along for some unthreatening entertainment.
0.8 Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie.
0.8 A sweet love story about a boy and his fish, Ponyo is a weird yet wonderful children's fantasy, and marks another milestone in the career of Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 His antediluvian underwater creatures are gorgeous, a world removed from Finding Nemo, his sweeping tides and smashing tsunamis are a patchwork of colour and technique.
0.81 That rare children's movie that actually taps into the unique imaginative power of a child's mind.
0.6 Though far from Studio Ghibli's best film, Ponyo is still a magical experience.
0.875 Significantly, Miyazaki creates realistic, valid and memorably attractive characters, such as the heroic-vulnerable-patient-nurturing-tough mother, Tina Fey.
0.9 While the animation in Ponyo is simplistic, even crude by many people's standards, there is no denying the film's dazzling color palette, masterful attention to detail and dizzying imagination.
0.4 Shouldn't an anime' auteur of Hayao Miyazaki's stature avoid a story about a sea creature interacting with a human child? Isn't that "Finding Nemo?"
0.8 Doesn't commit itself to mining our deeper feelings, and as such it feels much more geared to younger viewers; but with that comes dazzling displays of drawn and painted visuals, full of color, life.
0.4 Though Ponyo contains images so haunting that it's hard to dismiss altogether, this is one of Miyazaki's feeblest efforts.
0.7 While it continually stimulates our imagination, it's a little too odd to really resonate.
0.8 Perfect family entertainment with a subtle environmental message.
0.8 Miyazaki's back, and still a force of nature. A weird, wonderful aquatic romp, Ponyo is also a meditation on the state of this blue planet. Catch it.
0.8 We're drawn under the waves of the sea to a hidden enclave of neon-hued aqualife more vibrant, surreal and enchanting than any of the floating 3D whatsits in 'Avatar'.
0.8 A fantastic looking, inventive and well-acted children's film, but a children's film nonetheless - and that's all it was ever intended to be.
0.8 As usual, Miyazaki treads a thin line between intuitive, unshackled fantasy and simply seeming to makes things up as he goes along, but there is never a dull moment in the film's imagery.
0.8 An arresting work from an unmistakable film-making personality.
0.8 A simple tale, less freighted by foreboding than Miyazaki's recent output. In any case, storytelling is less important to him than mood or texture. His films are dream waltzes, all liquid motion and mysterious turbulences.
0.8 Ponyo is The Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Fantasia, all wrapped up in one fin-tastic movie, and guaranteed to hold the attention of the most CG-addled five year old.
0.8 Bar the climactic dip, another Ghibli charmer that finds story, subject matter and style in freewheeling harmony. You haven't seen the sea until you've seen it through Miyazaki's goggles.
0.8 This is a million miles away from the garish and crude cartoons that American studios often churn out, and serves as a reminder that animated films can be imaginative, enchanting and exciting while still telling a sweet, good-hearted story.
0.8 [Miyazaki's] dream-like visuals which sparkle in the deep blue sea.
0.8 Absurdly delightful, a prestidigitation of line and colour.
0.6 No animator captures the movement of tides and the deep physics of the sea as lyrically as Miyazaki, and the story's themes of rejuvenation and ecological balance carry a highly topical edge.
0.8 It may be a feelgood story but it's the stunning animation and the director's imagination that take the eye.
1.0 If you want to see something suitable for all ages that will dazzle you sideways and remind you of the awesome power of animation done right, you should see this.
1.0 Be bold enough to watch someone color outside the lines on purpose
0.8 The underwater scenes are as rich and teeming as Miyazaki's boundless imagination; little Ponyo in her human form, joyfully wobbling around on her newly sprouted legs, is a pure delight.
0.8 Beautifully animated, utterly charming adventure with a strong voice cast, delightful characters and an emotionally engaging, if bonkers, storyline.
0.9 Ponyo is a delight, so long as you accept it for what it is... an empowering, completely upbeat wonder-tale.
0.75 Minor Miyazaki to be sure, this film pales in comparison to many of his recent features.
0.75 Miyazaki refuses to be dismissed
0.8 lacks any real sense of conflict or danger. It makes up for it. . . with a delightfully absurd internal logic that is perfectly keyed into the way small children see the world
0.5 Hayao Miyazaki is off his game with this film that has weaker art and animation than his usual films and a script that needed another draft or two.
0.5 Ponyo is something of a disappointment. Leaving aside the plot deficiencies and storytelling awkwardness, Mr. Miyazaki's latest simply doesn't look good.
0.8 Miyazaki effortlessly combines the marvellous and the mundane in his cinema. Visually, Ponyo is an imaginative, exhilarating work, but its vigour and energy are achieved with surprising simplicity.
0.8 It is a delight, this film. There is so much imagination at work here.
0.8 Miyazaki has come up with another memorable film in Ponyo, which is roughly inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid... it's incredibly beautiful as Miyazaki explores an amazing world of sea creatures and human beings.
0.8 It's one of Miyazaki's funniest and most intimate films so far, partly because of the engaging matter-of-factness with which he marries the extravagantly fantastic with the comforting realities of everyday life.
1.0 Lately, when I want to smile, I just think of Ponyo.
1.0 Heralds a return to the child-like wonder of Miyazaki's enduring My Neighbor Totoro. And what do you know? It's another masterpiece.
0.75 Compared to the animated garbage that typically passes through stateside theaters, it's practically a godsend.
1.0 The sight of the giddy and newly bipedal Ponyo racing atop the waves of a magically roiling flood may be the happiest and most memorable image of the movie year.
0.8 The film's pleasures are immensely simple, but this does not make them less real or wonderful.
0.75 The film's joys are numerous, and most of them are small and simple. To start with, the animation -- all hand-drawn -- is simply breathtaking.
0.625 I sure like Miyazaki's visual style, but could he for once make a movie that actually made sense? Or have realistic characters, like a mother who wouldn't leave her 5 year alone during an extremely dangerous storm?
0.875 ..something like Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid - if Nemo and Ariel had gotten together to ingest some new variety of aquatic shrooms.
1.0 Ponyo towers over this summer of empty toy-related blockbusters. It will end up as one of the best films in American release this year.
0.875 For those who love 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke,' as I do, here's another Hayao Miyazaki tale of friendship and fantasy.
0.8 Visually stunning, it's a fantastical, enchanting charmer that's bound to delight children and adults alike.
0.7 Not the spectacle that Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away are, Ponyo's beautiful, hand-drawn storybook pastels, mesmerising swirls of colourful action and sweet message of friendship are a gentle delight.
0.75 His twisted version of Finding Nemo meets Splash, the movie won't go down as one of his best, but it's still better than 90 percent of animation out there.
0.9 Some may find it too childish, but the movie's innocence is infectious, and Miyazaki's artistry utterly transporting.
0.9 In a Summer of senseless mayhem and underwhelming efforts, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is majestic. It easily matches (and in many cases, surpasses) the best the genre has to offer.
0.4 Probably the most saccarine horror film I've seen in years.
0.6 Trippy in the right way, and wholly enchanting.
0.875 This exquisite pastel-colored, eye-popping example of hand-drawn animation is still very Japanese, aimed most specifically at children around the world -- but with a storytelling sophistication that adults will savor.
0.5 Miyazaki's artwork can be lovely -- and the delicate, watery colors of Ponyo are particularly well done -- but he's still a slave to the genre's peculiar traditions.
1.0 Five minutes into this magical film you'll be making lists of the individuals of every age you can expose to the very special mixture of fantasy and folklore, adventure and affection, that make up the enchanted vision of Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 Ponyo is a visually arresting work by an anime master, and both cute enough and suspenseful enough to keep pre-schoolers in their seats.
0.875 You watch a Miyazaki film with the pie-eyed, gape-mouthed awe of a child being read the most fantastic story and suddenly transported to places previously beyond the limits of imagination. It's quite a trip.
0.8 'Ponyo' is a worthy piece of work from an artist who takes his work and his audience seriously.
0.875 Miyazaki works marvels. Sit back and behold.
0.75 As beautiful as Ponyo is to the eye, the movie -- thanks in part to a spotty English-language adaptation -- is sometimes a bit grating to the ear and confusing to the brain.
0.75 It's very much a charming kids' film, created by a master of animation.
1.0 The 68-year-old filmmaker shows that he's at the peak of his skills, both as a visual artist and a storyteller.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki's magical Ponyo blends fantasy with just a drop of reality, and the result is irresistible.
0.875 A bright tale of wonder and connection, Ponyo is a reminder that a G rating needn't be a "little kid" designation.
0.75 Disney has done an unusually fine job of Americanizing Ponyo with a delicate script by "E.T." writer Melissa Mathison and warm, expressive voice work. Now, I just hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears.
0.625 The film is visually stunning, however, with a A-list cast of voices that include Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, and Tina Fey.
0.75 It's a wonderful place that Miyazaki creates, an alternatively sweet and savage world that defies physics and common sense, as imaginative and impossible in its own way as Jules Verne's sci-fi fantasies or Maurice Sendak's animal kingdom.
0.6 Those who consider Miyazaki a filmmaking master will probably consider this another one of his masterpieces.
0.8 Miyazaki's stunning adventure is geared to younger kids.
0.85 The type of glorious filmmaking and storytelling that should appeal to everyone ... a wonderful and magical film that should be seen and enjoyed as a family.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki proves that he is not only a master animator but also a master storyteller. Ponyo is easily one of the best films -- animated or live action -- of the year.
0.85 Sometimes it's enough to just sit back and let a beautiful work of animation wash over you, letting the troubles of the world slide past as the pictures take you out of this world. Ponyo is just that sort of film.
0.9 When the ocean rises in this wonderful movie, each leaping wave stares out at us with a baleful eye as if in watchful and worried wait.
0.875 Wondrous, weird, and sweetly innocent, Ponyo is a tale bursting with love, which is recommendation enough for the young and the young at heart.
0.75 you get a psychedelic, visually stunning film with a Japanese flavor, instead of one with pop culture flavor (and no talking dogs or balloons).
0.825 A magical, uplifting and visually stunning film that's exhilarating for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.75 Even though Ponyo is not one of Miyazaki's great masterpieces (at least from a narrative perspective), it is so beautiful and immersive that it's hard to imagine grown ups not losing themselves in it.
0.7 Ponyo will sure make you long for the days of hand-drawn animation.
0.7 Accompanying adults will likely find themselves just as enthralled as their little ones.
1.0 "Ponyo" is the kind of dazzling cinematic experience that will resonate in the hearts and minds of anyone who sees it for a long time afterwards.
0.875 A good number of Miyazaki's fans will be disappointed by what looks like a step back, but the relaxed simplicity of the new film eventually works its effortless magic.
1.0 We are truly dealing with a master.
0.875 With its ever-shifting world and palpable sense of magic, Ponyo captures the wonder of being a child.
0.75 Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good.
0.6 A charming and enchanting mystical fairy tale about a goldfish who becomes a girl and a little boy who loves her and introduces her with pride to his world of wonders.
0.6 A loose adaptation of The Little Mermaid that's full of fantastic visuals and genuine whimsy, but a little lax when it comes to plot logic or meaningful themes.
0.75 A lovely and unique feast for the eyes and the heart.
0.75 If you've never experienced a Miyazaki movie, here's your chance to try one. Come on in. The water's fine.
0.75 Nothing in the great animation of a Miyazaki movie stays cute for long. Not the ocean, not the trees, not the critters that live in them. Change is constant but rarely natural.
0.7 comes from a great line of Miyazaki heroines
1.0 Fable, emotion and psychology merge in a fairy-tale brew that will hold children rapt and engage the better angels of adults.
0.9 I feel like I need a second viewing for full absorption.
0.875 Ponyo isn't quite as memorable as some of Miyazaki's previous works, but it's a magical experience that's far superior to most animated offerings.
1.0 This poetic, visually breathtaking work by the greatest of all animators has such deep charm that adults and children will both be touched. It's wonderful and never even seems to try: It unfolds fantastically.
0.8 Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones.
1.0 ...a sweetly lovable and visually trippy movie that young tots and their parents can enjoy in equal measure.
0.6 What held in the animator's previous films as eccentrically multifaceted dream logic comes off for once as a series of non sequiturs -- but really, why complain while sucking on an Everlasting Gobstopper of eye candy?
0.8 Charming, amusing and firmly anchored in a child's point of view, this movie from the master animator of Spirited Away makes a great introduction to that acquired-taste style of filmmaking.
0.6 See this film if you're looking to immerse yourself in a sense of delight over the simple wonders of a child's world.
0.8 With a starry, first-rate voice cast and the shortened name, this Disney-fied version remains a magnificent animation wonder and a pure delight.
0.625 Until its fizzle of a finale, Ponyo, Hayao Miyazaki's latest artisanally-crafted anime daydream, brims forth with an appealingly willy-nilly inventiveness pitched to a child's sense of wonder.
0.2 The sugary cuteness of the Little Ponies masks a corporate greed as cold and sharp as a razor blade.
0.5 The story is treacly sweet, told in a simplistic animation style that has lamentably become an industry standard.
0.3 The little ponies are like those pastel heart candies that have little messages on them such as ''I luv you.'' You can eat a few, but too many make you sick.
0.625 It's as beautifully animated as its predecessor, but its mixed message is troubling: It begins by endorsing nonviolence, as Hiccup insists that friendship can be a more powerful motivator than force, but ends by bludgeoning the bad guys into submission.
0.8 With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots.
0.875 A command of genre creativity blended with human insight.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period
0.75 With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie.
0.75 Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki.
1.0 Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year.
0.8 A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex.
1.0 Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike.
0.6 The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3.
0.8 It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast.
0.8 The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it.
0.8 The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success.
0.8 This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook.
0.8 Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ...
0.8 Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair.
0.8 Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing.
0.6 Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement.
0.8 At times terrifying and too tough for tinies, this is nevertheless a triumphant sequel that puts its faith in Hiccup and Toothless to find a way through dark times for man and dragon.
0.6 his franchise has swiftly proven itself to be one that has heart to match its dazzling visuals - it exists in a world that feels tactile, for once the 3D isn't crushingly disappointing.
0.7 Not as fresh or funny as its 2010 predecessor but with a bang-up second half, much visual beauty and a surprising emotional resonance.
0.8 This isn't just a more soulful movie, it's a much more spectacular one too. At times, it makes it's glossy rivals look like they belong in the Dark Ages
0.8 It begs the question: Are animated studio such as Pixar and DreamWorks catering to a much more mature audience? Or are they pushing the hearts and minds of wee-ones into new, dark boundaries?
0.8 Game of What? This is our new desert island dragon-themed pop pick.
0.7 There's actually a point about 90 minutes in where things take a very dark turn, and I momentarily thought the movie was going to end on an incredible down note.
0.7 The swirl of storylines, plot twists and huge battles might prove a tad too intense for kids under 10, and even adults will have to pay close attention...Still, the film can't be faulted for its movement, humour or [its] sheer beauty.
0.6 An efficient and entertaining franchise sequel, but it restates how conventionally Americanised this property has become in comparison with the literary original ...
0.7 Those who made [this film] know the kids who adored the original have grown since the [first one] and they're trying mightily to grow with them. That counts for something in today's popular culture universe, even if they seem to be trying awfully hard.
0.2 Unable to settle on any one story idea in particular, writer-director Dean DeBlois throws in three or four, which intersect at odd moments, like cars at a busy intersection, refusing to give the right of way, so that no one ends up going anywhere fast.
0.5 The most distinctive thing about the series is its strictly rational handling of fantasy themes. The dragons themselves can be fearsome or adorable - but since they don't speak, they're treated for the most part as pieces of hardware or beasts of burden.
0.8 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is the most solid, light, and enjoyable fantasy film of the summer.
0.7 There's something uniquely appealing, especially to kids, about animals acting like animals.
0.7 One of the top handful of movies ever made by DreamWorks Animation, but pretty much across-the-board weaker than the original How to Train Your Dragon.
0.8 I'm so impressed I actually saw a movie where I plonked down the coin for 3D and felt like I hadn't been robbed.
0.875 Dragon 2 does what every sequel should do, but few even attempt - expand the horizons of its original.
0.8 A rarity because this sequel outdoes the original.
0.7 A visual stunner with aerial sequences that will take your breath away, and many of the dogfights (dragonfights?) have that Star Wars sizzle.
0.9 A great sequel feels fresh and familiar all at the same time, which is why 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a great sequel.
0.9 Waging peace can be every bit as heroic and satisfying as waging war.
0.8 DeBlois thankfully remembers everything the two of them did right in the previous film.
1.0 With its stunning visuals, majestic score, compelling perspectives, its massive yet impressive sense of scope, and its breathtaking camera angles, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is undeniably phenomenal and the undisputed animated film of the summer.
0.6 It's entertaining and gorgeous, but disjointed, veering between wildly emotional scenes on both ends of the spectrum without much thought for how they should flow together.
0.75 The film isn't afraid to occasionally saunter over to the dark side. How dark? Let's just say there's a late-breaking development here that will result in some moviegoers tagging it as this film's Vader-flavored "I am your father" moment.
0.875 Every bit as endearing as the original, if not even more stirring, 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is full of humor, loss, adventure and romance. In other words, it has the same themes, lovable characters and beautiful look that made the original a hit.
0.875 How refreshing it is to find a summer sequel that's not simply louder or wackier than its predecessor, but rather feels like an extension of its first film and all of its best qualities.
0.75 Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office.
1.0 Epic, thrilling 3-D adventure sequel is outstanding.
0.6 In the bigger is better world of Hollywood sequels, How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes up short. It lacks the novelty of the original and tries too hard to be "about" something more than fun.
0.9 A bigger, and arguably better, sequel experience that features more dragons, larger scale action set pieces, as well as a poignant message on the challenges of growing up.
0.8 An inspired and inspiring piece of escapism, this one will get the kids cheering on their feet and the grown-ups blubbering in their seats.
1.0 How to Train Your Dragon 2 will be tough for your kids to watch, and some of it will require explaining and discussion -- which alone makes it mean and matter more than the majority of designed-to-be-forgotten animated films in theaters these days.
0.85 It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises.
1.0 Not only does this second movie match the charm, wit, animation skill and intelligent storytelling of the original, I think it even exceeds it.
0.875 One of the most beautiful animated films ever made.
0.8 Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire.
1.0 An adventure for the eyes, and one forged with great imagination.
0.8 Just like the first film, when it's done you want to run out and pick up your own dragon.
0.75 While delivering the epic goods, the How to Train Your Dragon franchise continues to keep its eye on helping kids become better people, and that's a cause worth fighting for.
0.85 Dreamworks sure knows HOW to make a sequel: just add more dragons!
0.625 Can we give it a rating of PG-10 or PG-11?
1.0 More than just teaching kids what to think about the world they're coming into, it's a rare film that encourages them to think for themselves.
0.625 This was not a sequel that anybody needed, outside of the accountants. And there's another already planned.
0.875 One of this year's true surprises, the superior animated sequel not only is infused with the same independent spirit and off-kilter aesthetic that enriched the original, it also deepens the first film's major themes.
0.95 Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special.
0.7 It takes what worked the first time and expands upon it, offering bigger, darker, more mature ideas without diminishing the original film.
0.625 Nothing in this likable sequel flies quite so high as those aerial shots.
0.875 Young and old fans of the first movie will be lining up for the wit, for the inventiveness of the characters, for the breathtaking visuals - and just the sheer fun of it all.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" succeeds because it builds on, but doesn't try to replicate, the magic of the first movie.
0.625 It's just a bummer that such a pretty package lacks any real substance.
0.9 Offering a dramatically darker story, this feature serves as an animated homage to 'The Empire Strikes Back.'
0.9 In a summer filled with engaging entertainments, this is one of the best.
0.875 This is far removed from the innocent simplicity of its predecessor; How to Train Your Dragon 2 sees this series growing up -- quickly and for the better.
0.875 Not since Toy Story has an animated movie managed to feel so fresh and vibrant with its second helping.
0.875 This may be the first and last time anyone says this, but if "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is this good, why stop at 3 and 4?
1.0 The impressive part is the storytelling confidence of writer/director Dean DeBlois. He has created a thoughtful tale as meaningful for grown-ups as it is pleasurable for its young primary audience.
0.75 Nearly as exuberant as the original, How to Train Your Dragon 2 nimbly avoids sequel-itis.
0.75 Taking its cues as much from Star Wars and Game of Thrones as from its own storybook narrative, How to Train Your Dragon 2 breathes fire into a franchise sequel.
0.7 Toothless is so vividly, viscerally animated, I worry a child will look askance at her own humble dog and peevishly wonder why Fluffernutter can't fly, or at the very least breathe fire.
0.8 More emotional, exhilarating and expansive than the original. DreamWorks finally has a franchise to match its ambition.
0.875 For once, we have an animated sequel free of the committee-job vibe so common at every animation house, no matter the track record.
0.75 Gruesome? A little. Scary? You bet. But that's exactly what makes the "Dragon" films so different, and so much better, than the average children's fare.
0.75 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a sequel that will inevitably be compared with its predecessor, and while it doesn't reach the level of that original film, it still acts as a decent continuation of the story.
0.75 DeBlois, who also wrote the script, successfully juggles the multiple story lines, shifting allegiances and uncharted lands.
0.875 Dragon 2, like The Empire Strikes Back, takes sequels to a new level of imagination and innovation. It truly is a high-flying, depth-charging wonder to behold.
0.2 'Bigger' pretty much describes this sequel to the 2010 sleeper hit - as opposed to, say, 'different.'
0.75 For audiences who want a sweet story, they can't beat the first film of a boy finding his best friend. For those who are ready for the next stage, try this one about a boy becoming a man.
0.6 It's the unflinching edge that gives the film its unexpected depth.
0.8 The film's real emotional heart comes from its unabashed fanboy love of dragons.
0.8 Overall, a very worthy follow-up.
0.875 The unusual second chapter that hits new heights in almost every way.
0.625 By taking its time in the 4 years since the 1st movie, Dreamworks has mounted a superior 2nd installment, one that gives heretofore untapped personality to its characters and an extra shot of heart to the touching, age-old tale of a Viking and his dragon.
0.75 The animation simply rules. Elegant and detailed, the film soars and whooshes with the craft that all animated movies should have.
0.9 An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony.
0.8 Flying high among this summer's blockbusters - it's enchanting!
0.8 As a reviewer who greeted the first film with lukewarm praise the reaction is much different this time. It joins that short list of sequels that surpass their originals.
0.75 Offers some stunningly beautiful sequences and an engaging, if at times quite dark, story line.
0.5 The plot is unfocused and jumbled, borrowing elements from other fantasy movies without bringing them together into a cohesive whole.
0.6 As far as animated action-adventure outings go, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a solid and exciting offering for those to whom the franchise appeals.
0.75 "How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't play it safe, and that's why it's the rare sequel that doesn't feel somewhat stale.
0.95 How to Train Your Dragon 2 does what most sequels can't -- that is, it expands on the original while maintaining the core elements of what made the first film so great.
0.8 It seemed as if there was nowhere new to go after the first film, but this is a richer story that dares to go darker and is thus more rewarding.
0.625 OK, but the thin charms of the original are a little thinner this time out.
0.6 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an exciting adventure with rousing animated action, but it lacks the emotional hook of its predecessor.
0.5 It has the core of a genuine crowd-pleaser, but unfortunately something bigger and more all-consuming keeps getting into its head.
0.6 Not all the heart-swelling flying sequences in the world can flap away the sensation of franchise fatigue here.
0.9 Heartfelt, funny, and captivating, this is a satisfying continuation of the first film.
0.9 You may experience that rare sense of wonder that comes from losing yourself in a proper, well told story.
0.8 DeBlois' powers haven't diminished ... he dares to go deeper, smarter and even darker, honing in on the elements that made the first film work.
0.6 When the film flies, it soars.
0.8 Worth every minute of the 17-year wait, The Simpsons Movie confirms Groening's creation as the smartest, funniest, most inventive cartoon in history.
0.8 This re-establishes The Simpsons as the jewel in the crown of American animation.
0.6 It really is a crushing disappointment to report that The Simpsons Movie is merely average by its own lofty standards.
0.8 It's just a shame that it's just a pretty good effort rather than a fantastic one from writers who just could have done that little bit better.
0.7 The Simpsons Movie doesn't ever reach its real potential, but there's enough good material at the start to mostly make up for a draggy second half. Still, if you like the Simpsons on television, you'll like them on the big screen just as well.
0.75 though Homer himself chastises us, near the start of the movie, for paying for something we can watch on TV for free, I consider the money I put down my contribution to Groening's good cause.
0.8 A fitting, relevant and hilarious tribute to a 20-year phenomenon. It's definitely for fans but -- then again -- who isn't a fan?
0.375 It could be I'm missing a lot of the inside humor and subtext. But I think the movie, too, is missing a lot of subtext.
0.7 the writing of the episodes are so brilliant that the big-screen version simply lives up to the show's name
0.8 Hysterically funny, genuinely cinematic -- and you get to see Bart's doodle, too.
0.75 'The Simpsons Movie' only sporadically harnesses the boundless creative energy and satirical edge that earned Groening's series its reputation as one of the most sophisticated comedies in TV history. For fans, however, it is a gift long overdue.
0.7 We barely get a line from Mr. Burns, Moe, Lou and the rest of the bunch, but following Homer J. Simpson is not a bad way to spend an hour and a half of your summer.
0.6 Hardly calls for the emphasis of a feature presentation except that it's a powerful form of market engineering.
0.75 Thankfully, the cinematic adaptation bears a strong resemblance to the great early Simpsons episodes, with a consistent script, nonstop jokes, and lots & lots of Homer.
0.8 If you love the show...you'll love the movie.
0.8 If you combine all important elements into one 87-minute 'PG-13' film, will you have what Comic Book Guy would call the ... Best. Episode. Ever?
0.8 As a full-length cartoon, "The Simpsons Movie" is drawn out - but in a good way.
0.7 Gives us the most evil EPA agent in movies since William Atherton unleashed the minions of Zool on New York City.
0.4 Doh! What a colossal disappointment. The Simpsons Movie has its funny bits but so does the average Marge-centric episode. But this is a highly anticipated 90-minute episode for which audiences have to pay.
0.6 The movie does at least broaden the canvas the story is played out on, but fans expecting to see many of the series' usual haunts -- school, Moe's Tavern, the nuclear plant -- will be disappointed to find that they are merely glimpsed here. For all its sh
0.6 I wanted to like this, but I felt like one of the suckers Homer talks about for paying for something at the theatre that I can watch at home for free.
0.7 Given a choice between seeing this movie and watching three new episodes of the show, I'll take the three new episodes all day long.
0.9 They are still cunning, still a mile-a-minute and still the standard bearers of good, intelligent comedy, animated or otherwise. Give 'em some love - they have more than earned it after 20 years of free shows.
0.6 Maybe the movie is just reaching out for something that saw its heyday five (or even 10) years ago. But oh, what a heyday.
0.5 I can't help but feel that sometimes bigger isn't better.
0.9 Something's rotten in the town of Springfield--Is it any surprise that it traces back to Homer and a giant silo full of pig crap? The Simpsons Movie does the impossible, it turns the brilliant show into a classic movie experience.
0.6 ...like a good episode of the show...
0.6 La primera pelicula de Los Simpson luce como un episodio extendido de hora y media, con todo lo que eso implica: puede lucir un poco excesivo, pero si sos fanatico/a probablemente colme tus expectativas.
0.7 The plot isn't the main reason to see this movie; it's the constant jokes and gags churned out from start to finish.
0.75 For Simpsons fans, the movie is nirvana; for the unfortunate rest of humanity, at least a therapeutic exercise in extreme giggles.
0.75 ...generally manages to capture the energy and charm of the show's best moments...
0.875 Lucky for us, the verbiage sparkles with wit and preposterousness just close enough to reality to make us grind our teeth in the agony of recognition. D'oh, I mean to make us laugh.
0.625 [It is] in the unique and unfair position of having a lot to live up to, and The Simpsons Movie is not quite up to the task.
0.875 For Simpsons fans, seeing Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and baby Maggie on a movie screen must be like watching old friends blown up to the size of Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade floats.
0.75 When Homer tells his wife and kids, 'I've really come to like you guys,' we can't help but agree.
0.9 ...an excellent, delightful piece of collaborative comedy, with enough energy and intelligence to impress anyone who doesn't view its release as an opportunity for ax-grinding.
1.0 While I won't go as far as Comic Book Guy to proclaim it best...film...ever, I will give it my highest rating.
0.875 Crafting a motion picture from a current television series that's been around for nearly two decades is a dicey proposition, but The Simpsons Movie fills the larger dimensions of the theater screen quite nicely.
0.75 All a fan ever asks is for the powers-that-be to take good care of the baby. The Simpsons Movie does this. It doesn't teach the kid French, but it gives us what would be considered a decent episode of the show. Probably a top 50 episode.
0.75 Is it as good as the television show? Yes. Does it have some of the sharp writing from the series' earlier years that has gone missing from the show as of late? Yes.
0.875 Sure, the film is silly -- really silly, but it's a whole lot of fun. Most of all, the characters are as likeable as they are funny, and the dialog is downright delicious.
0.71 It's a winning formula, and maybe that's why the makers of The Simpsons Movie have played it safe with an entertaining but thoroughly unmemorable movie adaptation.
0.6 Not close to the insanely imaginative material from the show's heyday but still funny its own right
0.6 Thank goodness the world can count on Homer's idiocy for a steady stream of laughs.
0.75 Very entertaining, featuring a delicious mix of visual gags, cultural satire, straight-out pratfalls
0.875 D'oh-n't miss this one, Simpsons fans.
0.8 Is it funny? I enjoyed it without actually laughing all that much.
0.75 Brilliant, if belated, but be forewarned that The Simpsons, the movie, is merely The Simpsons, the television show, only on a much bigger screen and in an extended format. You want more, you got more.
0.8 C'est avec grand bonheur que j'ai trouve le plus long des episodes des Simpson le plus drole depuis quelques annees au moins!
0.9 Instead of trying to make the "be-all end-all ultimate mega-Simpsons episode," they went with their proven formula and delivered one of the year's funniest movies.
0.8 The movie's awesome, and I can't wait to see it again.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the hype.
0.875 The movie is never dull and like the best episodes of the series, it is frequently hilarious, rich in visual humor and verbal wit.
0.875 The Simpsons Movie has a higher joke-per-minute ratio than any other movie this year, and I laughed throughout.
0.75 Why PAY for something you can see on TV for FREE? Homer asks. As one of the dolts who shelled out the DO'H, I answer, Because the Simpsons make me laugh.
0.75 The movie occasionally drags, even at a modest 86 minutes, and after 400 episodes it's hard to recapture the early seasons' startling bite. But the throwaway gags fans live for are there.
0.75 Some 10 years after expected, The Simpsons Movie couldn't give a doodle in a doughnut hole about expectations anyway. It may deliver what we've already got, but it leaves no doubt why we got it in the first place.
0.75 Essentially an episode of the long-running Fox hit, just extended and writ larger.
0.625 This one feels incomplete, an underachiever still searching for a real reason to exist beyond enriching a fat franchise.
0.75 A very funny, solidly entertaining movie that, despite its unshakable obsesion with undergarments, is as sweet as a Kwik-E-Mart Squishee.
0.75 In a way, the film is more of a Simpsons celebration than anything else -- the mother of all anniversary episodes.
0.75 It's fun and funny.
0.5 The Simpsons Movie was expected to raise the bar for animated film -- especially 2-D animation. Unfortunately, it's just another example of what could have been.
0.7 If you're a fan, you know you're going to go see The Simpsons Movie. And you'll be happy to know it's worth the money, if not much more.
0.875 It's subversively hilarious as well as strangely touching, and it features a scene in which Homer is directed across the landscape by the twin shadows of a woman's mountainous chest.
0.75 This is The Simpsons which, with its first big-screen effort, is underachieving and proud of it, man.
0.75 The Simpsons concept in feature length is just as reassuringly startling in its nonstop irreverence as the best of the weekly TV droppings.
0.8 The fictional family that has defined satire on the small screen since 1989 has finally found a 'Home, Sweet Home' on the big screen.
0.7 It had to happen. The Simpsons have finally become bona fide movie stars and this hilarious, clever and irreverent film proves it was worth the wait.
0.9 Cleverly conceived and subversive, it's certainly the best Simpsons Movie - so far.
0.6 A feature-length version of the show that has some snazzier animation but otherwise amounts to a decent oversized episode.
0.875 As usual, the humor ranges from the blissfully sophomoric (such as Homer's rendition of a "Spider-Pig" theme song) to the bitingly satirical (such as the appearance of President Schwarzenegger).
0.75 It cannot compete with the series that inspired it, but it can compete with everything else in the multiplex at the moment.
0.7 The outside package can be done up as much as anyone would like it -- bigger, more, shinier -- but ... inside, it's the old familiar gang.
0.8 The Simpsons Movie is everything it has no right to be, based on the past several seasons: it's funny, it's smart, and it pokes fun at exactly the things it should ...
0.9 If you don't have the urge to stand up and cheer as the end credits begin to roll, then you are not who this movie was created for.
0.75 A full-speed-ahead laugh riot for its first 45 minutes, although it loses some of its gusto in the second half.
0.75 While nothing in this motion picture quite matches the television series at its early best, this is more of a throwback than a throw-away. It's wittier and more energetic than anything that has appeared on FOX in quite a few years.
0.875 The pace is breakneck, and the animation -- though still primitive -- makes good use of the full width of the screen.
0.75 A good movie, but also one that betrays the strain of great expectations, a four-episode length, and a 400-episode back catalog.
1.0 Popular culture has never come in for a more thorough, more righteous, pummeling
0.875 The Simpsons Movie is a riot, and still feels fresh and bracing, even if it's also a bit classic and cuddly.
0.9 On par with South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut in the way in which a beloved TV series can be broadened and deepened by the cinematic experience, The Simpsons Movie is a major triumph.
0.8 It's hilarious, though probably not to anyone who hasn't already been watching it on television.
0.5 Feels like yesterday's news. For fans of the television show, wait a few months for the DVD. For everyone else, don't even bother.
1.0 Even the naysayers, the ones who claim that the show hasn't been worth watching since Clinton was in office, will be amazed and delighted by a storyline so strong and funny that it deserves to be ranked among the show's all-time greatest episodes
0.875 The Simpsons remain the archetypal all-ages animated banquet for the mischievous kid in all of us and the cynically academic adult we should all hope to become.
1.0 Could this adventure be as great as jumping Springfield Gorge? Those visits from Sideshow Bob? Ralph choo choo choosing Lisa? Yes. Worst episode ever? No.
0.8 The humor stays irreverent without making the still-running sitcom irrelevant.
0.875 As refreshing a summer tonic as one could hope for.
0.875 This is the one summer movie so far this year that really delivers in a big way. It's got bigger and better action than other bloated blockbusters, and it has bigger and better laughs that any of its comedic competition.
0.875 After 18 seasons, our favorite family finally gets their shot at the big screen in this Woohoo!-worthy adaptation of the beloved animated series.
0.75 The Simpsons Movie is finally here. And guess what? It's funny. But not that funny.
0.875 The film fires on all cylinders, one-liners coming thick and fast.
0.625 It is little more than a reminder, as if one was needed, that Homer is still crazy after all these years and that The Simpsons are a still-reliable laundry line for stupid sight gags and one-liners.
0.875 With its broad range of slapstick and satire, The Simpsons Movie is one of the most successful television-to cinema transplants I've ever seen.
0.625 The flipside of the Bush Admin. being a boon to comics and satirists is that things are so absurd now that almost nothing we could dream of could actually be more absurd.
0.7 Even casual Simpsons fans will find plenty to chortle over, right through the closing credits. There are plenty of Hollywood comedies that can't say the same.
0.625 That the show hasn't sailed off into the seas of complacency after all these years is a miracle. But the movie feels a little complacent and stuck.
0.75 There's something about the Simpsons that's radical and simple at the same time, subversive and good-hearted, offensive without really meaning to be. It's a nice balancing act.
0.875 The result is two-tiered humor, broad enough to appeal to anybody but overlaid with jokes that will be funnier if you know the show.
0.75 Go on, sucker, buy your ticket.
0.625 The long-awaited Simpsons feature film does not eat my shorts. Doesn't set 'em on fire, either.
0.75 Since The Simpsons Movie took longer to build than the Taj Mahal, you want it to be a comic masterpiece, and it isn't. But it is a consistently funny, smart animated film.
0.875 If you like the TV show, you're going to love the movie.
0.75 No one will be bored with the feature film, but everyone who knows the show well will have a nagging feeling that something is missing.
0.875 ...may be less potty-mouthed than South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut, but it takes aim at its middle-American milieu with a towel-snapping glee that is just as effective in reducing its audience to cheerfully willing victims.
0.75 The Simpsons Movie is comparatively minor. But it's hard not to like it. And in both senses of the phrase, America keeps asking for it.
0.625 Oversold as a story suitable only for the big screen and lacking a raised-stakes mindset, it's still a moderately funny magnification of what's made the show tick and tickle for 18 years. Plus, it proves Illinois is home to the one true Springfield.
1.0 ...a conclusive portrait of the dysfunctional American family - stuck with each other and, deep down, OK with it.
1.0 The vocal work is so finely honed by the cast of regulars, that the acting conveys a timing and skill rarely encountered in even the best live-action comedies.
0.7 An expansive visual style that makes it worth seeing on the big screen, even if the story feels like a specially extended episode.
0.6 The big screen version is as good as three better-than-average episodes of the TV show, even if it doesn't quite hit the heights it's capable of.
1.0 The plot is as hilariously bombastic as the ones boob-tube producers used to spin off onto the big screen before they discovered the concept of the Very Special Episode.
0.625 There is so much gusto, such a willingness to go for broke and not look back [in the first act], that it seems too good to be true. As is often the case with such situations, it is.
0.75 Yes, The Simpsons Movie is funny enough to make you get off the couch and put down the Duff.
1.0 A grand entrance into widescreen for the greatest television show... ever.
0.625 The movie isn't a disaster, just a disappointment.
0.5 Homer addresses the audience at the beginning and calls us all suckers. Funny 'cause it's true.
0.75 The good news is, The Simpsons Movie is just like the TV show, whereas the bad news is, it's just like the TV show.
0.875 The movie's ultimate message is about family, and its most basic promise -- to make us laugh -- is one it delivers on more reliably than any of the other big movies this summer.
0.4 You chuckle here and there, you enjoy the animation (given a bit more pep and computery dimension for the big screen), but the moment it takes off never comes.
0.8 At last, Matt Groening's brilliant creation has arrived in cinemas, dated only in the sense that we all know it began in 1990, but otherwise terrifically funny and contemporary.
0.6 Funny, clever and at times even hilarious... But sadly, it's also a minor movie and never more inspiring than the sum of its admittedly witty parts.
0.75 These bold yellow characters continue to verify our strength as people, families, and a nation, and their agelessness continues to stress that their journey, like ours, is an eternal act of learning.
0.8 We knew all along they had it in them to become movie stars.
1.0 With a hearty 'Woo-hooo' and no 'doh' spared, The Simpsons make the journey from small screen to big with their subversive wit, their wanderlust and their sentimental streak entirely intact.
0.8 The Simpsons Movie does not feel at sea on the big screen and, crucially, it is very funny.
0.8 Charming, wordless, book-based holiday fable for all ages.
0.8 This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp.
0.4 Oz prequel has sweet message, cloying songs.
0.6 Snowman takes a wife in predictable sequel.
0.8 It occasionally suffers from longeurs, but it's moving and funny with moments of genius. More of the same, s'il vous plait.
0.8 Astonishing, outlandish, and full of laughs.
1.0 If there's any justice in the world, French animator Sylvain Chomet will be handed the Animated Feature Oscar in February for this fantastic little film.
1.0 There are high-powered opiates that don't pack the psychedelic kick of this cartoon.
0.8 La historia se cuenta en imagenes y sonidos, y ese es un primer gran merito a tener en cuenta en una epoca en que los personajes del cine suelen hablar demasiado.
0.8 Chomet made this movie to remind us how imaginative animation can be as an art form.
0.1 The big test was how few times I could look at my watch to determine how much more agony I had to endure.
0.75 'El estilo y la atmosfera en que se desarrolla son de una calidad e inteligencia que pocas veces podemos apreciar de este lado del Atlantico.'
0.625 A beautiful but dull affair.
0.6 The Triplets of Belleville is an animated feature with two out-of-the-ordinary superheroes: a zealous old lady and a very fat dog.
1.0 Un beau, wildy amusement et un film original ! See this immediately- read on->
0.6 The Simpsons meet William Steig
1.0 Triplets could be described as Max Fleischer on acid.
0.9 Its strange vacillation between the hopeful and the arbitrarily cold is still a mystery to me... It's not a great film, but then again, it is.
0.87 Words cannot replicate the world that Chomet has designed here; description is pointless, as Belleville simply must be experienced firsthand.
0.875 Chomet's charming, visually cluttered realm...is so imaginative and vividly realized you could freeze any frame and spend an hour picking through its details.
1.0 an almost impossibly delectable mixture of uncanny weirdness and poignant sweetness
1.0 An extraordinary, melancholy ode to the endless, mercurial peculiarity of life.
1.0 One of his greatest achievements is allowing the audience to crawl inside Bruno's head. Not since "Babe" has a movie made me care so much for a four-legged character.
0.8 You may love it, you may hate it, but you've never seen anything like it.
0.7 Let the movie wash over you, and, at the very least, it will cleanse your palate.
0.875 Viva le difference!
1.0 A fresh, very funny and wonderful artful enterprise.
1.0 Thanks to Chomet, 'beautifully strange' has a new home address, and it's in Belleville.
0.75 A stylish throwback, a pretty work of art in every frame.
0.6 It's a must-see for animation fans, but others, including youngsters, may just as likely be bored or baffled.
0.8 If Walt Disney had gone on a binge of red wine, hallucinatory drugs and absurdist plays, The Triplets of Belleville could have sprouted from his animation empire.
0.9 The Triplets of Belleville proves there's still plenty of life in hand-drawn animation.
0.7 An ephemerally entertaining comic adventure.
1.0 As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again.
0.75 Everything about the film, from the characters to the settings, is tres bizarre, yet it's all weirdly compelling.
0.875 If you have an open mind, and an appreciation of film animation, you will surely enjoy the film's clever gags, as well as the sensational blending of cel animation and computer-enhanced backgrounds and action.
1.0 A comfortably subversive and accomplished film that speaks to everyone, without talking down to anyone.
1.0 It is funny in spurts, frightening, moving, magical, exhilarating, horrific, smart and silly. It is all this and more.
1.0 Triplets of Belleville conjures up a world that's totally surprising and sublime.
1.0 A triumph of style and substance, dispensing equal parts unbridled glee and powerful melancholy.
0.875 A hugely entertaining alternative to Disney and Pixar
0.875 It would appear that the best 'toon flicks are presently being produced outside the USA.
1.0 Se precisei assistir a esta animacao 3 vezes somente para escrever sobre ela, nem imagino quantas vezes voltarei a ve-la apenas pelo prazer de visitar a criacao de Chomet.
1.0 A mad masterpiece.
0.9 An animated film that takes familiar Disney archetypes and twists them into vivid, imaginative shapes.
0.875 Triplets is very probably unlike anything you've seen before.
1.0 "Dazzlingly inventive and delightful and probably unlike any cartoon -- or movie -- you've ever seen..."
0.8 Right down to faux black-and-white film stock and scratchy gramophones, Triplets resurrects Flesicher's world of music, debauchery, inspired illogic and crude showbiz parody.
0.8 A sensational counterpoint to everything animation means as family entertainment in Hollywood.
0.5 ...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through.
0.875 In an era when live-action movies often play like cartoons, this is an animated film that feels all grown up.
0.75 Watching The Triplets of Belleville is like getting lost in a storybook you never want to put down.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, it's either visionary or weird.
0.87 As funny, original, and entertaining as the film is, a dark drama floats just beneath the surface that is heightened by its nostalgic, sometimes melancholic tone.
0.875 A charming, one-of-a-kind experience, a breathtakingly drawn and uproariously funny film by French animator Sylvain Chomet. It's one of the most delightful films of the year.
0.6 This is a film that speaks a universal language of funny images and unexpected surprises.
0.9 So bizarre, satirical and imaginative that it almost defies description.
0.5 doesn't have much to offer outside of its technical achievements, which is both amazing and a shame, considering Chomet's fertile imagination.
1.0 All you really need to enjoy "Triplets" is a taste for the weird and the wonderful.
0.75 Built on slow, repetitive actions that quietly amuse us but don't necessarily raise our adrenaline. Still, for visual grandeur and artistic imagination, it's a sheer joy.
1.0 ...delightful, inventive, accessible, hilarious, and tremendously executed.
0.75 A strange and wonderful tale that relies on and indulges in the luxuries of hand-drawn animation
0.75 Impossible to describe, impossible to forget.
0.875 An animated feature of appalling originality and scary charm.
0.875 A strange delight, an original vision that enhances the state of contemporary animation.
0.875 Dazzling in the simplest of ways putting Sylvain Chomet at the animation's adult table that still has plenty of room for the kids.
0.8 Like a silent film that just happens to be drawn instead of made with real people - it's absolutely mesmerizing to look at this animation.
0.875 Oooh la la and a certain je ne sais quoi permeate every frame of this imaginative French gem that leaves ordinary animated projects in the dust.
0.9 Feels like a cross between '60's Disney cartoon movies and Yellow Submarine. No, even that description is too simplistic.
0.8 Chomet has made a refreshing film set apart by its humour, unique cultural flavour and quality animation.
0.875 The city of Belleville is like some nocturnal amalgam of Paris and New York, on the edge of a vast sea and of the world itself.
0.5 A dialog-free, animated film for adults that would have made a great short film, but, without speech or much of a story, it is seventy-five minutes too long.
0.75 Kept me smiling for 80 minutes, and that&#8217;s worth something, right?
0.8 International story of bicycling, rescue, singing, the passage of time and the nature of evil is a fantastic use of animation for grown-up storytelling.
1.0 Every so often, a film comes along that is so original, imaginative, and just plain flat-out wonderful that you can do little but marvel at the filmmaker's artistry.
1.0 An utter delight.
1.0 An insanely delicious animated feature.
0.875 A wildly imaginative and wholly original creation.
0.6 It should appeal to adventurous types looking for a more challenging animated feature.
1.0 A tour de force of ink-washed, crosshatched mischief and unlikely sublimity.
1.0 A truly out-there piece of comic animation, the most outlandishly visual film of the year, this 80-minute French treat takes us into a world that can barely be described, a world unlike any we've seen before.
0.75 For someone with an adventurous cinematic appetite, a production that makes Miyazaki appear mainstream is surely worth a look.
1.0 A sophisticated, wholly original brand of animated storytelling that manages to be at once deliriously eccentric and deliciously sinister.
1.0 It's downright daft at times. But it's ingeniously crafted, marvelously drawn, and utterly unpredictable.
0.3 Perhaps the worst animated feature film I've ever seen.
0.9 [An] effortlessly charming cry of defiance against America, wrapped up in a touching and ticklishly funny, yet bitter-sweet tale that dances across the screen.
0.875 Comic, touching and a visual knockout.
0.8 A bizarre yet beautifully composed piece of nutty whimsy.
0.8 Visual ingenuity, wry humour, and French self-parody add up to a strange and touching experience.
0.75 Grotesque yet trippy.
0.8 Belleville Rendez-Vous is an engaging, original Europudding cartoon, animated in the classical style, without the sugar of Disney, entertaining from start to finish.
0.8 It may clock in at a crisp 80 minutes, yet a single viewing can barely do justice to this richly detailed and often playfully macabre adventure.
1.0 Forges an all new narrative and visual style that's so winning it lingers in the mind long after the credits roll.
0.77 Maybe if they had concentrated on the temporal pleasures Johnny would gain from the bargain rather than the eternal torment part, he might have been more likely to sign.
0.5 If I were the boss of IMAX, I'd be more concerned with the film's overall failure degrading the brand than anything else.
0.375 "Haunted Castle" is a virtual "Haunted House." Something you might pay three to ten bucks to check out in the neighborhood, but with less creepy ghouls.
0.8 Whimsical and fun, The Lion King 1 1/2 is an enjoyable romp behind the fake scenes of a real movie.
0.6 It is creative, and that's alone enough to rocket it to the top of the Disney sequel heap.
0.6 "The Lion King 1 1/2" is a very clever "syncquel" that's entertaining in the beginning but weighed down by a premise and format that seem ill-suited for a full-length feature.
0.6 Clever and mostly charming--most kids will enjoy.
0.7 This is clearly the best video sequel that the mouse house has produced to date. Hakuna matata!
0.75 Most Disney straight-to-video sequels are bunk, but here is an entertaining exception.
0.75 The Lion King 1 1/2 is visually beautiful, musically delightful and slap-the-knee-till-it's-raw funny! There are oodles of fun filled hours and super-wide smiles awaiting you.
0.25 This is quite possibly the studio's most banal direct-to-video sequel to date
0.3 pathetic... pointless
0.4 Fart gags, belch jokes, and slug-eating contests abound. To me, the filmmakers have dishonored the memory of a treasured classic.
0.75 As far as straight-to-video Disney sequels go, it doesn't get much better than The Lion King 1 1/2.
1.0 great products of animation
0.875 [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
0.625 Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
1.0 With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
0.8 This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
1.0 Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
0.875 Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
0.875 This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
0.8 The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
1.0 Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
0.8 It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
0.875 A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
0.75 Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
0.875 Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
1.0 All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
1.0 This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
0.875 Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
0.7 Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
0.875 An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
1.0 As beautiful as it is poignant.
0.875 A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
0.875 The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
0.75 The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
0.875 Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
0.8 But the film is, on the whole, a full, meaty treat, striking not only in its subject-matter and the approach to it, but also in its pin-sharp detailing of nature and the speed and grace with which the characters move.
0.9 Calling this film a 'kid's film,' however, completely misses the point. It is instead a film for the young at heart and those who still appreciate honor, valor, love, and the earth.
1.0 A breathtaking saga of man versus nature, of gods and men, of bravery, nobility and redemption.
0.875 Unlike most animated motion pictures, which have a relatively limited scope, Princess Mononoke is an epic saga, a fantasy adventure of great ambition and extent.
0.85 Princess Mononoke is a remarkable blend of fantastic imagination and relevant moral questions.
0.6 I was somewhat disappointed by the mundane story it presented, but the fashion in which it presented it made it completely worthwhile.
0.75 Brooding, occasionally bloody and often abstract, it explores animation's dramatic potential in wonderous ways.
0.75 Miyazaki portrays nature with a breathtaking touch.
0.875 This is clearly not a movie for kids under 10, as decapitations and maimings aren't that uncommon and the story is detailed, filled with subplots, and low on cookie-cutter characters and cutesy sidekicks.
0.875 A haunting, beautiful film that holds your attention despite its length and its complex plot.
0.75 It's an art film, a densely plotted and visually stunning piece of animation, and not a movie for everybody.
0.875 Here is a film that reaches for unforeseen heights, and surpasses them.
0.625 Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology.
1.0 The result, while not a substitute for the original, will still astound audiences with its mesmerizing vision.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki has created a world simply unlike any you've seen.
0.8 The 135 minutes that Miyazaki takes to put across his many motifs are deserved considering the complexity of his task and the movie, which avoids repetition despite the many battles, does not fail to entertain.
1.0 Absolutely breathtaking!
0.9 Go in with an open mind, clear your expectations, and let it do its thing. Trust me.
0.8 The film, which runs almost two and a half hours, is paced exceedingly well and never feels too long.
0.7 ...easily one of the best-looking animated features in years.
0.7 It is definitely too much of a good thing.
0.6 The real revelation in the film is the depth and complexity of its mythology and storytelling, which manage to overcome the problems with the human story.
0.5 The movie does have potential, but in its present state it's a disappointment that few will enjoy immensely.
0.8 it takes a lot of love to enjoy it. Fortunately, there's a lot of fandom crossover between Family Guy and Star Wars.
0.6 Crude humor, pop culture references in animated Jedi spoof.
0.6 A screamingly unnecessary sequel... [but] the best-animated of the Disney DTV sequels to that point, by an extraordinary margin.
0.6 It still has a direct-to-video feel, despite the care that the filmmakers took to create bridges to the original film.
0.5 In the end, Lady and the Tramp II never quite justifies its existence...
0.6 Knowing it came in that glut of sequels before they really got things figured out, it really isn't that bad.
0.5 Like most sequels, this one doesn't live up to the original.
0.4 Sadly, and this annoys me to no end, 94% of the Disney sequels are just rotten. But that won't stop the studio from re-releasing the things.
0.6 OK direct to video release, no where near the original.
0.5 Made without much of the original Lady and the Tramp's spirit in mind.
0.5 It's just a neutral object, with bears.
0.5 ...comes off as an affable yet entirely needless piece of work...
0.5 the return of Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis as the idiot moose is nice, if not a little forced
0.2 ... triste constatar que a magia e a sensibilidade do primeiro filme foram substituidas por cliches, uma historia ridicula e sentimentalismo barato.
0.6 While not nearly as memorable as its predecessor, Brother Bear 2 has plenty going for it.
0.7 ...does not quite compare to some of Disney's finest animated work in terms of story or character, but it surely holds its own in terms of artwork and sound design.
1.0 Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
0.4 One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
0.8 Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
0.6 Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
0.8 One of the most important animated films ever made.
0.9 One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
0.8 In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
0.78 If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
0.6 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
1.0 ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
0.75 A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
0.875 With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
0.625 The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
0.75 There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
0.74 The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
0.8 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
0.5 The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
0.75 Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
0.6 Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
0.8 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
0.875 Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
0.875 A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
0.75 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
0.75 Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
0.75 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
0.75 Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
0.5 The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
1.0 One of the best animated films I have ever seen.
0.7 A hallucinatory tour de force of color, perspective and scale, virtually encapsulates the history of Japanese animation.
0.6 Stunningly beautiful.
1.0 Belleza, magia, poder, amor, misterio, y gran gran msica y visuales... qu ms se puede pedir?...
0.625 [Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart.
0.9 One of the most charming of all Disney features... like anyone else, when I see it I am swiftly and inexorably carried back to childhood, in accordance with the drippy cliches.
1.0 While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it.
0.85 The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions.
0.8 ...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters.
0.9 Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures.
0.5 ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
0.9 Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
0.75 Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
0.875 Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
0.7 For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
1.0 It's a delight.
0.875 At once enchanting and emboldening...
1.0 It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
1.0 It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
0.875 It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
0.75 Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
1.0 Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
1.0 Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
1.0 Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
0.6 There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
0.8 Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
0.8 Magic.
1.0 Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
1.0 The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
1.0 I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
1.0 Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
0.9 Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
1.0 One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
0.75 The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
0.8 Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
0.75 What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
1.0 The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
0.6 Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
0.375 Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
1.0 The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
0.75 ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
1.0 With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
1.0 As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
1.0 A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
0.9 This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
1.0 Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
1.0 This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
1.0 A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload.
1.0 Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages.
1.0 The best of all the Disney cartoons
0.625 Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character
0.375 She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time?
1.0 The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced.
0.9 ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music.
0.7 Not quite the masterpiece we once thought.
0.9 Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!")
1.0 Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa.
1.0 The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made
1.0 Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating.
0.9 A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming.
0.8 It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite.
1.0 For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic.
0.875 Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise.
1.0 It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike.
1.0 This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why.
0.7 The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings.
1.0 Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features.
1.0 Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats.
0.6 A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve.
0.75 If you don't have kids, go anyway.
0.4 More violence than plot...and lots of LEGO tie-ins.
0.6 Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking.
0.5 The sarcastic, nasty tone of smug hipness clashes mightily with the film's shrill attempts at sincerity and lesson-learning.
0.875 A a computer-animated burlesque fairy tale that generates more belly laughs than any live-action comedy since Best in Show.
0.7 The animation, with its dimensional verisimilitude, is beguiling and the whole package ends with a noncloying dash of uplift.
0.8 There's no denying that the monster-as-hero device has 90-odd-minutes worth of entertainment mileage, and the delivery of the story's moral is handled well enough to avoid tweeness.
0.8 This animated fantasy comedy from DreamWorks is an irreverent, occasionally scatological fairy tale with state-of-the-art computer-generated images that almost steal a march on Toy Story.
1.0 The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication.
0.75 The story has rollicking moments and the visuals are amazingly realistic.
1.0 Gross-out laughs meet a marvelous fairytale mix.
1.0 Though imperfect, "Shrek" offers enough diversions from animation's go-go-go that it's been sad - after lackluster third and fourth installments - to see the lovable green guy turn the way of impersonal franchise cash-grabbing.
0.9 It's one of the best fairytale films ever made, right up there with The Princess Bride.
0.75 Shrek is amusing and charming and it stands on it's own, but it does not rival Disney's best and I'm not saying it needs to, but that simply is the bar.
0.625 I seem to be the only one in the world unimpressed by this so-so animated feature.
1.0 Absolute perfection!
0.9 Bottom line: the story satisfies and the jokes avoid juvenile cliches.
0.75 What saves this movie are the performances by the actors, particularly Murphy and Myers.
0.8 The animation...is amazing.
1.0 Excelente fabula que encanta tanto criancas quanto adultos gracas ao seu humor acido e ao seu visual impressionante.
0.8 ...Altogether hip and clever, and the computer-generated 3-D animation is impeccably crisp and colorful.
0.875 A fresh twist on the fairytale humor genre.
0.8 Recommended.
0.875 Big-hearted, silly, wicked and loaded with laughs.
0.875 Sure, there's fun in the premise of a self-conscious fairy tale, mixing adventure and satire, but the film really got me when it eased up a bit on the cynicism and proved to have a big heart after all.
0.8 A movie that adults will easily enjoy every bit as much as the kids, maybe even more so.
0.82 A funny, well-paced, and satisfying twisted fairy tale.
0.875 A contemporary, yet sophisticated, concoction that throws almost every cliche...yet casts a spell over us with its charm and inventiveness.
0.58 There are numerous faults in Shrek, enough to addle the brain. Chief among these are the narrative infirmities, which begin with the attempt at creating a fairytale that subverts the storytelling conventions of tradition.
0.875 Forget Pinocchio or Snow White: children will want their parents to read them the adventures of Shrek when it's time to pick a bedtime story.
0.8 There is really something for everyone in this movie.
0.875 Has a diabolical sense of humor and a really big heart.
0.875 It delivers what the founders of DreamWorks Pictures originally promised -- alternative yet accessible entertainment.
0.8 It's the story itself that makes the film so endearing -- we actually start to care for the characters, even though we know from the start how it will all end.
0.8 Nothing in the world of fairy-tale cartoons appears to have been sacred.
1.0 Mother Goose meets Mad Magazine in easily one of the year's most entertaining movies.
1.0 ...one of the most delightful, charming, imaginative and superlative endeavors that computer animation has offered since the original 'Toy Story'...
0.875 La mas jocosa, magica y deslumbrante experiencia filmica del ano
0.8 This fable structure is allied to both a witty cynicism and sense of fun, which pervades the entire movie in equal measure.
0.6 At the heart of it lies a little story about love and acceptance that is actually rather bonny.
0.875 "Shrek" is more than just a dazzling technical achievement in digital animation, it is a witty, clever, charming romantic comedy about heroism, love and friendship.
0.9 "SHREK was good. SHREK was funny. SHREK kept me entertained. I had a blast."
1.0 A delightfully irreverent fairy tale.
1.0 The new technology is opening up entire worlds for moviegoers. Shrek is a prime example of this new movie magic.
0.7 A sly comic gem, combining a genuinely clever, very well-written story with definitive computer animation and a subversive spin.
1.0 The characters are so three-dimensional you forget you're watching painted digital creatures thought up by animation wizards.
1.0 The millennium's first great animated classic has been born. Long live Shrek!
1.0 A visually stunning animation masterpiece - Shrek is one heck of a movie.
0.69 A clever, amusing little film, but its smugness about being more politically correct than Disney is misplaced.
1.0 The best animated movie to hit the big screen since Toy Story.
0.75 This is beautiful work.
1.0 A movie that appeals to the eye, mind, heart and funny bone.
1.0 Despite all its high-tech weirdness, is really that most perdurable of human constructions, a tale told well and true.
1.0 Jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart.
0.75 The movie is helped immensely by its cast, who carry it through some of the early, sluggish scenes. But this is Murphy's movie. Donkey gets most of the good lines, and Murphy hits every one.
0.9 An animated gem, on a par with the best of the modern era.
0.875 Not just a good 'kids' film,' but a genuinely funny comedy.
1.0 A fat green ogre with a grouchy disposition and worse manners, Shrek is the sort of unlikely hero that nobody could love -- except just about everyone who sees this hip and hilarious animated delight.
0.75 A gleefully fractured fairy tale that never becomes cynical or crass.
1.0 Swift, sweet, irreverent, rangy and as spirited in the writing and voice work as it is splendid in design.
1.0 It has the big green earmarks of a classic.
0.625 Much of it seems a little sad, a deconstructivist overlay of jaded irony.
0.875 Not quite as clever as the Toy Story films, but still features some first-rate vocal performances by Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and John Lithgow.
0.8 The lack of manipulative sentimentality in Shrek allows for the more serious moments to be genuinely touching and meaningful.
1.0 Fast, irreverent and magnificently animated and acted.
0.875 A picture that truly is a perfect family film.
0.625 Toy Story 2 had a higher in-jokes/laughs ratio without straining to demonstrate its hipness or to evoke heartfelt emotions.
0.75 A drolly satirical but genuinely enchanting animated adventure.
0.8 A rollicking good time.
0.7 Torturing the Gingerbread Man? I'm sold.
0.8 Beating up on the irritatingly dainty Disney trademarks is nothing new; it's just that it has rarely been done with the demolition-derby zest of Shrek.
0.875 Even though Shrek never enters Pixar's rarified league, it is an imaginative and side-splitting movie that is a treat for young and old.
1.0 On its own merits, it's great fun.
1.0 This isn't just a fractured fairy tale, it's a storybook vision in a mushroom cloud of imagination and fun.
0.625 Big hit with kids AND adults but didn't gratify me.
0.7 Not to say that the film isn't amusing, but if you were looking for the Disney-killer, keep looking.
0.875 This isn't your grandmother's animated movie.
0.75 A fresh fruitatious smorgasbord of laughter that has but one disappointing blemish.
0.875 Shrek is not a guilty pleasure for sophisticated movie-goers; it is, purely and simply, a pleasure.
0.875 A world-class charmer.
0.625 This postmodern Dreamworks cartoon takes brilliant, albeit infrequenet, jabs at Disney's totalitarian control of the fairy tale genre.
0.8 Chalk this sucker up with Toy Story 2 and Chicken Run in the 'fun for the whole family' category.
1.0 The same low-tech requirements hold in the high-tech world of digital cinema: it all starts with the script.
0.875 A new animated classic has been born.
0.8 A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing.
0.8 Bonkers laugh... like a colourful, senses-pounding rush. The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out Of Water offers far more craziness than David Hasselhoff could in the first film.
0.8 An animated Monty Python movie you can take the whole family to.
0.8 The live-action sequences, in which Antonio Banderas chews the pirate scenery, may not live up to the Looney Tunes madness of the cartoons, but for sheer head-scrambling craziness this is hard to beat.
0.5 The prolonged live-action sequence is great fun, but ends too quickly. It seems like a lost opportunity.
0.6 Intermittently, SpongeBob's latest feature is very funny indeed, even for non-devotees of the original series.
0.8 Sponge Out of Water has a frenetic, Looney Tunes pacing and a head-spinning, surreal story that makes you wonder whether it's aimed at children or stoners.
0.7 SpongeBob SquarePants has always been aimed much more at childish adults than actual children, and this deranged comical adventure is no exception...
0.8 Under the expert guidance of TV series writer/director Paul Tibbitt, sophisticated adult gags jostle with inspired childish silliness, each element dovetailing for increased inventiveness.
0.8 Almost every line is a zinger, which can be appreciated in a state of total sobriety: it's a non-stoner stoner film - and very funny.
0.6 The film moves like a pyjama case full of angry weasels, and finds ingenious ways to cram every scene with just one more loopy, disposable gag or slapstick thwack. It may not be the year's best animated film, but it's almost certainly the most.
0.6 There's a streak of madness running through The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water, elevating it above the usual run-of-the-mill animated fare into something that, at its best, is inspired lunacy.
0.7 It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined.
0.6 What it delivers is what it promises: a battery of deliciously daft, fast-firing, self-mocking, flavour-rich gags, flung with such zest you don't mind if they're disposable.
0.6 For the most part, Sponge Out of Water provides decent-sized doses of wacky animated fun; it's packed full of hilarious one-liners, pop culture references and colourful characters that should keep both adults and kids entertained.
0.7 A film of rare ambition in family filmmaking, the obvious result of passion and care.
0.875 Psychedelic, colorful and in-your-face, you'll want to soak up the latest from Spongebob.
0.875 The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water finds a reason to come off the TV and onto the movie screen. More than fifteen years since his debut, he feels fresh once again.
0.25 Why a movie about an unassuming cartoon sponge felt compelled to adopt the register of a summer blockbuster is beyond me.
0.5 A nominal theme&mdash;complete with theme song&mdash;of teamwork. But really, Sponge Out of Water is about little more than fast food and ice cream, with the same promise of empty calories.
0.6 Silly, surreal and squeezable, SpongeBob scores again.
0.95 Laugh out loud funny, visually engaging, and entertaining for anyone of any age, Sponge Out of Water proves that Spongebob has plenty left in the tank and is bound to allow us to visit his pineapple under the sea for many years to come.
0.6 Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants.
0.6 The SpongeBob Movie is essentially a kid-friendly stoner comedy, but also one that's clever and inspired enough to keep SpongeBob fans entertained.
0.75 Sometimes, certain kids' movies are so flat-out weird that they eventually become cult classics for viewers who take pleasure in not being able to quite believe what they're seeing.
0.6 Fun, goofy SpongeBob movie is as trippy as the show.
0.75 Not the most gripping narrative, but the frenetic pace and nonstop gags will please young fans.
0.5 Though some parents and older non-parents are into Sponge Bob the concept is really aimed at little ones. A 90-minute film is painful for them - and us - to squirm through.
0.625 "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" remains true to the surrealism of its animated television roots. But it also tries to force a live-action element which isn't as comfortable a fit as a certain pair of symmetrical trousers.
0.625 A funny sequel too slow to get to what the entire audience wants and has been promised.
0.75 Even childless (and sober) I still had a pretty good time, and if you like silliness with a sprinkling of surrealism, you will too.
0.625 The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water mostly nails what has always made the character, and his brightly coloured underwater world, so endearing: the abundant innocence, the welcome lack of cynicism and the out-and-out stupidity.
0.7 For my part, it's the most laughs I've had at a theatre this year.
0.6 The bulk of Sponge Out of Water stays submerged, hand-drawn and Banderas-free, still delivering the coy wit, surrealism and absurdity that come hand-in-hand with SpongeBob's frivolous, childish whimsy.
0.625 A goofy gag-filled surf-and-turf romp that will entertain adults with its ridiculous lunacy as it delights kids with colourful fun.
0.7 clearly enjoys the times when it can push the boundaries of its 15 year old idea and bring a new perspective to the participants and their problems
0.5 There's something about this project that, despite checking all of the requisite plot and sensibility boxes, doesn't convey as an organic work of SpongeBob-ishness.
0.5 Even kids will smell something phony about the repeated cheers of "Teamwork!" And any grown-up who thinks the obvious puns are somehow clever or subversive has been smoking seaweed.
0.625 You can tell the script is short on punch lines by how often it resorts to poop and fart jokes, the last refuge of the desperate gag writer.
0.375 [The film] runs a reasonable-sounding 92 minutes. Yet those 92 feel like more than enough.
0.625 The film strives to be weird as often as funny. But it's such a good-natured kind of weird that the viewer can't help but succumb to this barrage of 'nautical nonsense.'
0.0 Children may be delighted, and perhaps also addled.
0.75 "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" weaves a silly - and often funny - spell. It's a scrappy little B-movie that zips along rather entertainingly.
0.8 The spirit of the series remains true: cheerfully random jokes, blink-and-you'll-miss-them references and, above all, a silly, stubbornly sentimental streak that only the crabbiest cynic could dismiss.
0.5 While the outcome is intermittently funny, it's also watered-down and hyperactive.
0.6 It's amiable goofiness, delivered at an emphatic, feverish pitch.
0.7 The plot is straightforward, predictable and slight, no more intricate a plot than a 15-minute TV episode would have. It's the freewheeling madness of its execution that makes the movie such a trip - as in acid trip.
0.2 Nothing new or exciting for Spongebob fans. It's even more painful if you're not a fan.
0.75 This megadose of Spongeyness is laugh-out-loud funny. A lot.
0.625 Ultimately, for the show's fans, it may not matter if "Sponge Out of Water" shows a hint of mildew.
0.6 ['SpongeBob'] really is the 'Three Stooges' of the modern day (albeit less violent and with more good vibes), where the jokes don't have to be great (and especially don't have to be sophisticated) but just have to keep coming.
0.625 Not remotely original, but loopy and small-fry friendly.
0.625 Its dedication to the transgressive power of frivolity remains the franchise's greatest weapon.
0.8 It may not be be the smartest animated flick out there, but with all the wildly weird happenings, and impressive 3D effects being flung out at you, it is absolutely entertaining. Simply put, SpongeBob rocks!
0.5 Eight-year-old me probably would have found SpongeBob's antics vastly more entertaining, but alas, I now need my seagull poop jokes coupled with something more substantial.
0.6 This is primarily an exercise in hyperactivity meant to spark glee in kids and draw chuckles from adults. The effect is admittedly ephemeral, yet while the film is running it is altogether effective.
0.6 Jim Henson's film noir spoof is full of doggy gags and guns.
0.6 Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
0.75 Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
0.625 A typically slick effort from DreamWorks Animation...
0.8 As a child who loathed the wholesomeness of Disney and wholeheartedly embraced the madcap antics of Bugs Bunny, Wile E. Coyote and Daffy Duck this film was perfect for me.
0.6 The film has some serious problems, the first being - and yes, I feel ridiculous for even attributing this complaint to a film with the above title - a completely pat narrative that seriously lacks character development
0.4 Me quede con hambre de mas y es que siento que Dreamworks, fuera del verde Shrek, no ha encontrado la formula para darle verdadera batalla a Disney Pixar.
0.75 Inked more by its influences than originality, "Monsters" gets exhaustive with its rapid-fire references. That said, if this works as a shiny primer to one day introduce children to classic sci-fi, satire, fantasy and anime, well, more power to it.
0.75 Not as wonderful as Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens is the next best thing that DreamWorks Animation has produced.
0.5 ...for kids Monsters vs. Aliens has a lot of color and action, and it's not too scary. Fair enough. As long as you're a kid.
0.625 A happy, family-friendly movie without a mean bone in its mutated body, even though it features a giant killer robot machine and its four-eyed alien squid master, a megalomaniac who's out to kill and/or enslave all of humanity.
0.625 The real reason to see this movie is the stunning 3-D craftsmanship.
0.6 This movie was comfortably middle of the road. While Dreamworks has frankly annoyed me to the point of almost-boycott, they can't forever turn out such drivel, right? Monsters Vs Aliens is not poo at all, it's not bad. It's not going to set the world o
0.75 It continues to be a banner year for animation, with "Monsters vs. Aliens" proving to be a fast-paced and witty family adventure that simultaneously pays homage to and pokes fun at all those cheesy science fiction films from the 1950s.
0.625 A film that relies more on gimmicks than on plotting.
0.5 moiazei me mikser poy o kathenas petakse mesa tin idea toy me ligo seloteip gia na kollisei
0.6 It's too bad the new 3D glasses can't fix sloppy writing.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens still packs a sufficient amount of jolting jocularity that is sure to satisfy the entertaining mindsets of youngsters and oldsters alike...a zesty escapist treat
0.7 Not only spectacularly well made but frequently very funny.
0.7 If you are looking for a diversionary flick you can take the kids to and everybody comes out having had a good time, this is perfect.
0.6 The latest cartoon from DreamWorks isn't a classic, but it makes the grade for Easter viewing.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens is both a spoof and celebration of mid-century creature features, offering positive, if well-worn, "messages for the kids."
0.8 The voice casting is superb, with Hugh Laurie and Seth Rogen the standouts along with Witherspoon. There's also plenty of amazing action. The epic battle over the Golden Gate bridge is as exciting as any top live-action movie.
0.5 Given that the film was sold as the biggest kind of spectacle, it's disappointing though not surprising that it's so barbarically typical.
0.875 Susan is a character with real, um, weight...
0.75 This bright and lively computer-animated 3D comedy-adventure gives the masters of animation at Pixar a run for their box office riches.
0.625 This is a movie that will more than delight the younger tykes.
0.875 ...the first really memorable film of 2009, and clearly the most fun.
0.5 Monsters vs Aliens is skilfully animated and spasmodically funny, but you get the impression the film's seven (!) writers ran out of ideas two-thirds of the way through.
0.7 A comprehensively entertaining package. If there's a lack of originality, the film is bolstered by the sheer verve of the animation and effects.
0.6 Engagingly nerdy movie in-jokes are clearly a step in the right direction for DreamWorks after the rather crass and bombastic approach of the Shrek movies.
0.6 It's all very good value, although I have a vague feeling that a gallery of freaky sci-fi creatures, as in Monsters Inc, may not engage the young audience's sympathies as much as humanoids. Great fun, anyway.
0.4 The movie never grows a heart, which doesn't stop it trying to tattoo one onto its chest. By the whizz-bang climax inside the alien mothership, I was fidgeting like a four-year-old at Cosi fan tutte.
0.4 Heart and soul are sacrificed for sequences of loud characters pinballing across the screen in search of an easy laugh. The whole endeavour is an unsubtle, in your face CG-animated assault from DreamWorks.
0.6 Despite being second out of the 3D traps after Bolt, their first special-specs-required outing is at least as eye-catching as Pixar's Oscar-nominated pacesetter. Occasionally, it's even better.
0.6 DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda.
0.8 A snappy script and some neat 3D make for an above-average romp with plenty of in-jokes for cineastes and fan-boys alike.
0.6 DreamWorks still has a lot to learn about the superior powers of immersion exerted by a well-told story.
0.8 This is probably THE family film of the year so far and it's one that has enough grown up (and by that I don't mean rude) gags to ensure that adults enjoy this too. The script is razor sharp and the voice cast is spot one.
0.7 The kids may not get all the references, but theya(TM)ll enjoy the spectacular action and broad comedy, especially if they manage to see it in 3D.
0.6 They're outweighed by moments of real, albeit surreal, charm - like when gelatinous BOB chats up a dish of pineapple jelly at a pool party - that would melt the heart of even a sentient blob of gloop.
0.8 The voice cast has been well chosen, with everyone delivering their lines with just the right mix of satire and seriousness. It all makes for a horrifyingly humorous hour-and-a-half.
0.8 Besides a big heart, it has outstanding 3-D action sequences
0.4 This Easter digimation romp is big on action and slapstick, small on charm, tiny on wit and endurability; unless you are nine, when anything goes.
0.8 Aficianadoes of 1950s monster movies should have a ball spotting all the references. All anyone else requires is a taste for good fun.
0.6 This lively story about a young girl who gets hit by a meteor on her wedding day that turns her into a giant is certainly wacky enough.
0.8 The film lacks the soft, friendly edge of something like Monsters, Inc and sags a little after the first big fight, but it's gigantic fun nevertheless.
0.8 Enjoyable, frequently funny comedy with strong, likeable characters, impressive animation and a script that's packed with both terrific gags and subtle movie references for film fans.
0.8 With a sharply funny script, vivid characters and eye-popping imagery, this is a raucously enjoyable animated film
0.8 Kids will adore the flash 3D visuals, brilliant action sequences and ace sight gags. Mums, dads and others will relish the quickfire dialogue-some of the best we've heard for a while in any film-and the affectionate nods to sci-fi of times past.
0.8 The animation is spectacular and the action full on. The monsters are cute and lovable even though they're still pretty ugly.
0.8 Monsters vs Aliens is still unlikely to blow your mind, but it will make you bust a gut laughing, and that's certainly something worth celebrating in animation.
0.75 Spielberg references, action, humor, romance and 3D. What more do you want from a family-friendly flick?
0.8 I think many young children will learn from this film without even realizing they're being taught something.
0.7 MONSTERS VS ALIENS comes so close to being something truly special, but even as a movie that's just enjoyably above average it beats the pants off everything else that Dreamworks has done so far.
0.625 a brightly colored mash-up of pop-culture gags that speeds at you so fast and furiously that it feels like a rush even if you can't remember much about it the next day
0.4 A terrific idea with the heart sucked out.
0.8 3-D debris (both animal and mineral) fly out of the screen every minute or so. Best wear an apron if you're suggestible.
0.7 There's nothing really wrong with it, but there is a lot that isn't quite right.
0.625 In what other movie do you get shout-outs to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Beverly Hills Cop" in the same frame. "Monsters vs. Aliens" might be a better time capsule of kitsch than an actual movie.
0.375 On the bright side, it's short.
0.4 The 3-D effects look great, no doubt, but the film ultimately falls victim to a contrived, unoriginal plot that just shows once again how far behind Disney/Pixar, DreamWorks Animation is.
0.625 In the case of Monsters v. Aliens--henceforth to be referred to as 'Monsters Vs. Aliens'--we find in favor of monsters.
0.7 The 3-D enhances the movie rather than detracting from it and that is not always the case.
0.5 The jokes are good; the animation is fine; the 3-D is awesome. But still the film fails to make a monster or an alien as powerful a character as the little clownfish Marlin from FINDING NEMO.
0.75 I was hoping Monsters Vs. Aliens would turn out to be a documentary about the Trial Lawyers Association against the Taliban. Maybe both sides would get wiped out?
0.5 With a title like Monsters Vs. Aliens, [it] tells you exactly what it's going to be. Yet so did Snakes on a Plane, and somehow that movie managed to disappoint as well.
0.6 In short, if you're going to see Monsters vs. Aliens, the only way to do it is in 3D. Looking back, I think I'd be miserable just watching a 2D screening of this movie.
0.625 Pleasant but often pedestrian.
0.625 Attack of the 50 Foot Shrug.
0.6 Monsters Vs. Aliens is a fine rainy-Sunday diversion, but if you want real monster and alien fun, hit up Netflix and rent some of the classics that inspired it.
0.6 A loud, rushed, choppy, silly, colorful Nintendo game of a movie. And it could have been DreamWorks' version of "The Incredibles."
0.875 A wholesome family flick that everybody can enjoy, provided mom and dad are willing to turn off their brains when they put on the 3-D glasses.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens is genetically engineered to appeal to young and old alike. That's not how you make an animated classic, though.
0.75 There is something magical about watching a well-made 3-D feature film--even one with a less than stellar script--to listen to the ooh's and ahs and giggles generated by kids in a sold-out theater.
0.875 The ongoing advances in animation make it easier for filmmakers to create worlds we can get lost in, which is exactly what happens here.
0.75 As the first out of the gate, this family-friendly movie is a legitimate contender for best animated feature film.
1.0 Original. Clever. Brilliant. Insert your own adjective here. Monsters Vs. Aliens is flat out the funniest flick of the year.
0.75 You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them.
0.6 Plenty of giggles and thrills to keep the kiddies happy while a clever script filled with nods to the alien invasion movies of the 1950s will keep their parents in stitches.
0.5 It's about a tenth as entertaining as, say, Monsters, Inc. -- one of the lesser Pixar movies -- and it doesn't reach the same heights as DreamWorks' previous monster franchise, Shrek.
0.8 Now, I know I can't predict the future, nor do I have a Magic 8 Ball at my disposal, but I just don't see how Up will be able to outperform the sensational Monsters vs. Aliens, which is one monster mash that truly is a graveyard smash.
0.75 I am strong, I am invincible, I am woman takes on a whole new meaning at 50 feet tall.
0.7 This is an example of a mainstream studio blockbuster done right%u2014it effectively balances humor and action, as well as small character beats with big set-pieces.
0.25 With all the terrific animated movies we've seen in the past few years, this sort of tossed-off dreck is simply not acceptable.
0.625 I don't think there are any characters here that a child would love.
0.8 Homage to '50s alien flicks too intense for youngest kids.
0.625 See it for the dozens of homages to old movie monsters and movie genres.
0.6 All in all, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough colour, motion and mayhem to keep the kids entertained for the required 90 minutes
0.25 Heavily touted as an industry breakthrough for 3-D, DreamWorks Animation's clunky and wildly unimaginative Monsters vs. Aliens really doesn't have a clue what to do with the technique.
0.75 The 3-D animation, occasional gross-out jokes and way-cool beasties and robots play to every 10-year-old, chronological or just in spirit.
0.8 In terms of generating pure, Monstrous laughs this is the year's funniest comedy so far - animated OR live action.
0.5 Shooting a chaotic action scene in an extra dimension definitely adds to the clutter, but does zilch to subtract from the tedium.
0.75 Overall, Monsters vs. Aliens is pleasing without being especially hilarious. Some lines fall flat, and a few bits involving B.O.B. are overused. But a lack of zingers is forgivable in a movie of such visual accomplishment.
0.5 The cool stuff -- like 3-D and collapsing bridges -- may get filmmakers halfway there, but to make it all the way home, they need the usual movie elements, like a good story and vivid characters, and here Monsters vs. Aliens comes up short.
0.75 As willfully chock-full of the familiar as the animated feature is, it's also a hoot.
0.75 This film has hidden depths, especially for adults who mistakenly think Monsters vs. Aliens is only for kids.
0.625 The dirty little secret is that 3-D is frequently painful. [But] it's a sweet little movie, which is easy to enjoy once your eyes adjust.
0.375 The directors, Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon, who also wrote the shabby gag-book script with four other conspirators, simply throw everything at the wall and see if it will stick.
0.55 Directors Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon push so hard for three-dimensionality that they basically have their animators putting sightlines before storylines.
0.6 DreamWorks proves it can be a force in the animation genre with its highly entertaining effort here.
0.4 Monsters Vs. Aliens is visually pleasing but a sad attempt at entertaining kids. The film is riddled with tired jokes and wasted talent. Wait for the cable viewing.
0.585 Despite spectacular visuals and sporadic thrills, Monsters vs. Aliens lacks the consistent fun, inventiveness, wit and big-heartedness found in superior, unforgettable CGI action-adventures such as The Incredibles.
0.75 The new 3D animated feature film from Dreamworks is really less of a kids' movie and more of a witty science fiction comedy aimed at fans of cheesy 1950s sci-fi films.
0.5 For a 3-D movie, Monsters vs. Aliens is appallingly one-dimensional.
0.6 What begins as a promising homage to classic sci-fi silliness turns into the unwanted answer to the unasked question "What would a Joe Dante film be like without Joe Dante directing it?"
0.5 Funny, but stumbles from scene to scene kind of like Lindsay Lohan stumbles out of the Roosevelt Hotel on a Friday night.
0.6 Seth Rogen as an animated blob is awesome, just like this action packed animation.
0.75 Three-dimensional sequences, whether animated or live action, can feel more gimmicky than integral to the tale. Happily, such is not the case with the entertaining Monsters vs. Aliens.
0.7 "Nice" is the adjective that seems to surface most in trying to pin down the film's most salient quality, which means that while the film is enjoyable enough, it is unlikely to become a classic for us, or a Shrek sort of franchise for DreamWorks.
0.6 A highly competent, smartly engineered delivery system for the very cliches it pretends to subvert.
0.875 The voice performers are clearly having fun. Witherspoon hasn't sounded this free and easy in years, and Stephen Colbert steals scenes as the voice of the U.S. president.
0.75 Another fast and funny digitally animated DreamWorks kid flick.
0.625 An animated funhouse that delivers on its title and ups its scary-comic impact if you see it in 3-D.
0.375 Pilfering everything from Mothra to Attack of the 50 Foot Woman to Men in Black and Monsters, Inc. the script piles on the mayhem and forgets the funny.
0.75 As 'Monsters vs. Aliens' demonstrates, 3-D technology is finally coming into its own, used to create a dazzlingly lifelike spectacle that seems to jump off the screen and into the theater beside you.
0.75 Do see this movie in 3-D if you can, and don't hesitate to send the kids; there's just enough silly humor to keep them happy.
0.5 a clear example of sensational style over underbaked substance
0.5 While it has a crisp 3-D look and nice vocal performances, this action-comedy will seem fresh only to 8-year-olds -- though it may give parents an excuse to introduce some of the '50s horror movies it parodies.
0.625 A wispy-thin but suitably quick-witted homage to the science-fiction genre, Monsters vs. Aliens is not up to par with the best of Pixar and Disney, but it is a step in the right direction.
0.625 The latest computer-animated production from DreamWorks is a perfectly acceptable family movie.
0.75 An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format.
0.6 A pleasant experience that's never annoying but also rarely more than mildly thrilling.
0.75 Visual gimmicks and puns change from decade to decade, but worthwhile ideals go on forever.
0.4 The result traffics in rote truisms (love the skin you're in; leave no man behind; etc.) that are admirable but perfunctory.
0.8 Visually awesome and eye-popping, particularly if you catch it in IMAX 3_D.
0.625 Monsters vs. Aliens is possibly the most commercial title of the year. How can you resist such a premise, especially if it's in 3-D animation? Very readily, in my case.
0.75 Monsters vs. Aliens may lack a bit of heart, but it more than compensates with intelligent humor.
0.6 Monsters vs. Aliens has amazing 3D, solid gags, wacky concepts and great animation; I just wish that at some point along the way someone had been as passionate about the story as they were about the spectacle.
0.75 The movie ably disguises its conventional kids' fare premise in a clever satiric shell.
0.5 A surprisingly dull affair.
0.6 A 3D animated family film that allows us to cheer for a female superhero and her companions.
0.5 A lightweight saga about not being a doormat to egomaniacal men and embracing your, um, inner superpowered 50-foot-tall monster?
0.5 If the difference between a movie and an ad is substantial character, excitement and story, then Monsters vs. Aliens is officially a toy commercial.
0.8 The script -- an affectionate spoof of 1950s sci-fi -- is funny, exciting (especially in IMAX 3-D) and has a nice visual texture.
0.8 Funny, insouciant and loaded with charm, Monsters vs. Aliens is the kind of blockbuster spectacle you wish came along every summer.
0.75 ...has a shlocky, sci-fi title that's straight from the 1950s, and the more affection you have for that period, the more you'll appreciate the movie.
0.875 There's something about Susan.
0.8 The humor is dry, the sentiment unapologetic, and the absurdity sublime
0.6 Though the movie's action beats are underdeveloped, they've successfully poured all of their creativity into making us laugh.
0.875 I liked it more than anything Pixar has made the last five years.
0.625 Sure, the film is sweet and harmless but, take away the 3D, and all you're left with is a generic kids' movie.
0.8 Don't overthink Monsters vs. Aliens. Just enjoy it.
0.8 The action scenes are downright thrilling, the storytelling is brisk and witty, the homages to alien and monster movies funny and affectionate.
0.7 Cute and clever and often entertaining, but never quite lives up to the potential of the premise nor is it as funny as you might hope based on the talent involved.
1.0 While the jokes take a back seat to the action in the film's big climax, there are earlier moments that rank among the most fighting-for-breath funny stuff I've seen at the movies in ages.
0.9 Another shining gem from Pixar's most endearing franchise and should be a new Halloween staple for all families.
0.8 Playing with the conventions of classic horror movies, the special cleverly incorporates them in a way that stays true to the already beloved Toy Story while also dropping them into a brand new setting.
0.625 A brief but entertaining addition to the series canon. Disney's Blu-ray release comes with an audio commentary, three more "Toy Story" short films, and a bunch of other worthwhile extras. An engaging package that is easily recommendable.
1.0 Toy Story Of Terror is on par with the films in all categories, albeit with a much shorter installment this time around.
1.0 Horror film-themed TV special is sweet treat for families.
0.25 The meek may inherit the Earth, but they won't do well at the multiplex if they can't do better than this.
0.4 Amateurish animation mars Christian animal tale about Jesus.
0.375 The film's website calls it the 'first ever 3-D animated, family-friendly, faith-based movie,' but you may call it 'The Passion of the Christ' meets 'Babe.'
0.4 Bratz doll version of a scarefest; little kids beware!
1.0 Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
1.0 A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
0.5 Although its low-key realism is admirable, Eden doesn't really work.
0.75 To say it is bleak is an understatement. But it will make a lot of people reassess their marriages and decide that, in comparison, they're not so bad after all.
0.75 Eden is a sad, nicely observed study of a decade-old marriage that, for the most part, is over.
0.6 Walsh and Kelly are the embodiment of domestic despair, fumbling to find their way back into the light.
0.5 As drama, it's a chore.
0.5 An Irish indie that is well-observed and well-acted -- but ultimately, not much more exciting than the love lives of its lead characters.
0.6 Adapting a play by Eugene O'Brien, director Declan Recks has made a remarkably interior movie anchored by two heartbreakingly real, lived-in performances.
0.6 Eden is a picture so modest and minor-key that the emotional bruise it leaves may take days to develop.
0.7 The kind of small movie that's all too easy to overlook, but even easier to like once you've seen it.
0.4 Despite the fine performances, it might have been a better idea just to leave this one to the theatre where it was probably better suited.
0.5 It's a tired conceit, but Kelly does a fine turn as an emotionally stunted lad, while Walsh dazzles, expertly conveying humiliation and resolve.
0.7 like channeling Mike Leigh or John Cassavetes in bringing this marital drama to the screen.
0.5 Seemingly in an effort to make up for O'Brien's anemic script, Recks energizes the slow-moving tale with nonstop distracting camerawork.
0.6 A story of a psychological phenomenon that might be prevalent in lots of marriages, but an unenlightened approach makes for an unlikely Eden.
0.9 Eden is almost achingly personal, and it's a testament to the small-but-powerful Irish film industry that tiny little personal stories like this one get funding.
0.2 Home is a blithering mess, devoid of internal narrative logic, mired in obnoxious humor, and so poorly paced that its 94 minute run-time felt like it was over two hours long.
0.75 It's a family-friendly movie about, well, family.
0.5 Even by DreamWorks standards, the celebrities in this go-round are especially awful, and the music cues particularly distracting.
0.5 Again, there is nothing all that terrible about this movie (unless you find Parsons' voice to be grating, then you are in big trouble) but you might be overwhelmed by its averageness.
0.4 The kindest word that comes to mind is "undistinguished." Unfortunately, it's also uninteresting and uninspired - as well as tedious, noisy, obvious, annoying...
0.5 A few nods and winks don't add enough adult appeal to Home
0.625 "Home" is a fine selection for a second quarter film and a great choice for your children.
0.4 Kids will be entertained by the perpetual motion of Home, while most adults in the theater will tune out or glance at the watch every few minutes.
0.5 Familiarly fanciful, featuring the most benign aliens ever to invade Earth.
0.375 Heartwarming and harmless? Sure, why not. But it's also numbing in its simplicity and often rather annoying.
0.875 'Home' is cheerfully aimed for youngsters, mainly those under 10. It's simplistic and slapstick. It doesn't make any original or profound statements.
0.6 It's like being conquered by accountants.
0.5 Home is more of a blip than an alert, more of a whisper than a bang.
0.5 Home is a colorful and entertaining CGI adventure, but weighed down by an uneven and shallow story, falls short of animated greatness.
0.6 the most adorable alien invasion you'll likely see
0.5 Another conspicuously packaged product seemingly designed to wear down an audience more than entertain it. While wee ones won't notice, they probably won't remember Home by the time the car ride gets them back to the real thing.
0.7 It's not pixel-pushing artistry in DreamWorks Animation's latest that will win over audiences, rather it's the film's timeless traits of sincerity and originality.
0.6 Animated alien comedy is sweet, cute, if not super original.
0.8 It's not home sweet home but Home is a pretty good family flick and it's short and tight enough to keep young kids from squirming in their seats.
0.6 This Close Encounters of the Cowardly Kind-tale is a fun--albeit hit or miss--diversion.
0.625 Death by cuteness.
0.375 Parsons does everything he can to win over the audience, and Rihanna should stick to singing.
0.7 ...a charming entertainment for children that should amuse the adults that have to accompany them.
0.625 Adorable and intensely creepy all at once. Despite what it may sound like, "Home" is, at its core, a movie about friendship, family and acceptance. It's really rather sweet. And ominous.
0.625 Parsons delivers this tongue-twisting patter with a happy eagerness that is both amusing and ingratiating.
0.7 The second half of Home works with a solid and emotionally-satisfying ending. If only the whole movie was that way.
0.625 Aside from Parsons' initially amusingly mangled Yoda-like English, which gets a tad repetitive, Home doesn't stand out as fresh or particularly funny.
0.625 Youngsters should be tickled pink by the colourful on-screen creations. Their elders; well, if you were a Boov you'd likely be the same shade of purple after the movie as before it.
0.625 It works moderately well thanks largely to the voice talents of Jim Parsons and, to a lesser extent, Steve Martin. Two droll dudes who put a fair share of funny into this animated picture.
0.6 a nice 80-minute infomercial for Rihanna's next LP
0.6 Tim Johnson ( Antz) has capitalized on DreamWorks' proprietary animation platform, Apollo to create a rich, intricate setting...But the technology doesn't save the film from falling flat on other levels.
0.375 [I]t turns out that the Boov are neither loveable nor likeable. In fact, they're kind of annoying.
0.5 The bland "Home" is a crash pad at best.
0.0 Frenetic direction and supercharged cuteness pitch in to aid in the distraction, and it's almost enough to produce a kind of numbness.
0.5 Although it may not be where the heart is, Home is a functional escape and shelter.
0.5 Key characters are admirably diverse, but the fast-paced tale is thoroughly predictable.
0.6 Home's incongruously humble vibe works well for what's at heart a buddy road movie.
0.5 The film moves quickly and keeps the jokes coming, which only means that "Home" would rather keep young viewers occupied than give them something to think about.
0.625 When we scratch beneath the sugary surface, there's something tart inside that's difficult to digest.
0.4 Lazy gags, and it's been done better elsewhere.
0.625 This kiddie sci-fi adaptation doesn't quite live up to its evocative title.
0.75 I brought a couple of my kids, who liked it fine and found the friendship at the center rather affecting.
0.6 Oh and Tip may not be the most memorable animated duo, but Parsons's high-pitched squeal and the groove in Rihanna's voice bounce off each other nicely.
0.5 While watching "Home," a comical animated spin on alien-attack thrillers with the usual tacked-on touchy-feely messages, I began to get bored as did the families seated around me.
0.5 Only mildly annoying.
0.4 The Gummi-colored animation is imaginative, but director Tim Johnson's ho-hum 3D cartoon remains strictly 1D.
0.5 Like the timorous Boov, "Home" has little interest in risk-taking.
0.625 Aimed squarely at eight-and-unders.
0.6 Home doesn't sparkle enough to make the transition from kids film to modern classic... That said, Home is possibly the most cheerful alien-invasion-of-Earth film you're likely to see.
0.375 An earnest exercise that falls flat, despite the best of intentions.
0.6 "Home" is a solid double in a time when DreamWorks really needs a home run.
0.4 Home marks a throwback to the hyperactive, pop culture-fixated DreamWorks of old, where star power alone pushes straight-to-VOD material into theatres
0.375 Home's exposition is a mess of forced zaniness, which leaves the rest of the film with a Swiss-cheese foundation.
0.4 Steve Martin has fun as the pompous Captain Smek, but this remains little more than colourfully inoffensive.
0.6 Home has an original, convincingly satirical concept at its heart, but much of the execution feels overly familiar.
0.5 It's good, clean, harmless fun.
0.6 A pastel-coloured visual delight with an emphasis on soft-edges and bubbles, director Tim Johnson (Antz; Over the Hedge) aims the film squarely at kids who won't mind the regular overdoses of touchy-feely cheese.
0.4 ...more than likely going into the DreamWorks pile of films you won't remember in five years time.
0.6 ET meets Lilo & Stitch in this sweet, screwball culture clash comedy adapted from Adam Rex's children's novel The True Meaning of Smekday.
0.6 This bowls along amiably enough, boosted by some astonishing visuals, but is let down by a gossamer-thin script and uninspired characters.
0.4 Home is schematic and moralistic in the frequent manner of modern American cartoons, although the moralising doesn't entirely make sense: there are a couple of underlying metaphors that don't quite mesh.
0.6 The film combines wit with mind-boggling inanity but is so brash and good-natured that it is very hard to dislike.
0.4 The film takes the lazy route of cannibalising pop cultural references rather than coming up with decent jokes.
0.6 An entertaining odd-couple comedy on very traditional lines ...
0.4 Animation has become a crowded field, and perhaps we shouldn't always expect something out of this world, but this underdeveloped offering barely lifts itself off the drawing board. It's very, very...oh.
0.4 Mostly harmless.
0.4 Home does very little to be interesting or original.
0.8 A sharp script and especially colourful imagery make this animated romp a lot more fun than expected, entertaining grown-ups just as much as the kids...
0.4 Inoffensive but flavourless, and crammed with familiar elements from better movies like  Lilo and Stitch ,  Toy Story  and  Despicable Me .
0.4 Home's infantilism is a regressive step for DreamWorks, offering a sour rather than sweet experience for audiences.
0.2 Charmless and boring, bears little relationship to Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale, and should in no way be mistaken for a way to satiate fans of Frozen.
0.6 There's a frenetic, eye-popping quality to the visuals that forestalls the kind of emotional engagement Disney can offer, but there is some entertainment to be had here.
0.5 It's not sophisticated enough for older children, but young ones will probably be entertained by 'The Naughty List.'
0.6 Cute Christmas movie has some iffy bathroom humor.
0.625 The animation is no better than competent, but the film has a nice bluegrass-style musical score by Ed Bogas and should be fine for the kids and "Peanuts" fans.
0.6 Can amount to either a delightful experience or a pleasant but slightly wearing one, depending upon the intensity of one's fascination with the basic "Peanuts" my...[ END HERE ]tique
0.5 It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
0.6 Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
0.625 Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
0.8 Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
0.875 It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
0.75 A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
0.4 For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
0.5 Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
0.6 Tarzan story is a fast-paced romp with some peril.
0.2 Created with the effort it would take to cut three pages out of a magazine and stapling them together to form your own magazine.
0.125 Just when things seem like they couldn't get any worse, a couple of songs by Phil Collins and Mandy Moore remind just how deep the bottom can be.
0.3 Commercially blatant.
0.6 Animated DVD based on popular toys has plenty of violence.
0.6 Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
0.6 It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get.
0.6 Eventually, the stories begin to rely on simple, clever solutions rather than violent ones.
0.75 Doesn't have a unified plot, but tells a handful of mini-stories very well.
0.75 The cosmic equivalent of hearing a Homeric epic in ancient times: we thrill to the battles, we wait with bated breath for the appearance of our favorite characters, and we root for noble, righteous warriors. [Blu-ray]
0.8 Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
1.0 Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
0.75 What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
1.0 Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
1.0 The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
0.8 Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
0.8 Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
0.5 ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
1.0 Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
1.0 Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
0.875 Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
1.0 Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
0.875 This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
1.0 Spirited Away is wonderful.
1.0 A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
1.0 Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
1.0 Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
0.8 I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
0.7 Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
0.875 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
1.0 It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
1.0 The wonders never stop.
1.0 One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
1.0 A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
1.0 Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
1.0 E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
0.9 I could hardly wait for the next plot twist or astonishing set piece, not to mention what visual magic Miyazaki still had up his sleeve (and he has plenty!).
0.4 Yes, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination, but it's also a failure of storytelling.
0.8 ...its visual style is remarkably beauteous and its creative touches abundantly imaginative.
0.8 Much of what makes the film work lies in the combination of its small touches and emotionalism, making it something more than a film for people who like to get stoned and go watch freaky animation (though it almost certainly works on that level, too).
1.0 I hate to gush in the first sentence of a review, but I absolutely love this film.
1.0 One of the greatest animated films ever made.
1.0 like a combination of 'The Wizard of Oz' and 'Alice in Wonderland' retold by a clever storyteller who incorporates his own details, twists and bits of humor into the plot.
0.7 Repeatedly reminded me of the later Oz books, with Chihiro's Dorothyesque role in a surreal and perilous fantasy land.
0.6 Taking a page from "Alice In Wonderland" seems to have helped.
0.875 It's weird, wonderful, and not necessarily for kids.
0.9 The imagery is rich, colorful and imaginative -- as you'd expect from Miyazaki.
1.0 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago.
0.6 It's a bloody shame that the anime film with the strongest theatrical push I can remember has to be this one.
0.4 Sorry, y'all -- I give up.
1.0 Prepare to be Spirited Away by this amazing animated film.
0.875 In scene after scene, Spirited Away unleashes so much wonder and visual imagination that you end up watching the movie in a state of rapturous, awestruck bliss.
1.0 It's perplexing but always enthralling.
1.0 A feast for lovers of animation.
1.0 Miyazaki ... conjures up worlds that are wondrously bizarre yet follow their own peculiar logic.
0.75 It's easy to get lost amid the flow, as characters transform and magical powers emerge and disappear without warning.
0.75 As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming.
1.0 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family.
0.875 Spirited Away is a wonderous tale for grade schoolers that never condescends or spoon feeds its themes. Miyazaki's characters and situations are so engaging that he can condemn greed and environmental negligence without ever sermonizing.
0.8 Genius and nothing but -- that's what Miyazaki means.
1.0 'Alice in Wonderland meets the East...taking full advantage of the complex powers of anime and its freedom to go wherever the mind can imagine.'
1.0 Visually imaginative, thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful, it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality.
0.8 That the story sometimes makes not a lick of sense is among its virtues, imparting as it does the exhilarating feeling that anything can happen.
1.0 A breathtakingly magical animated fable that lifts your spirits and carries you away to a world far beyond your wildest imagination.
1.0 At its heart and most importantly, Spirited Away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself.
0.875 The colors, textures, and settings are impressively beautiful, and the overall effect is mystical and magical, familiar and dreamlike.
0.75 There is a force of visual rapture in Spirited Away.
0.75 Children may not understand everything that happens -- I'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated, and undoubtedly delighted.
0.6 'Alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures.
0.9 A film not to miss.
0.8 The closest American counterpart to Spirited Away is Alice in Wonderland, but no analogy will fully prepare you.
1.0 An exquisitely formed, flawlessly executed masterwork...As sheerly imaginative and groundbreakingly wondrous as any animated motion picture you are sure to have seen.
1.0 To say that Miyazaki's intelligent, painstaking, hand-crafted anime is magical, dazzling and brilliant is an understatement - it's incomparable, ingenious and inventive -just watch for a win at Osca-time!
0.8 This is one heck of a movie, and one can see why it made all that money in Japan.
0.75 There's a sense of delicacy, and artfulness, in the tone and in the magic. The 10-year-olds who see this like to be scared, but they won't have nightmares days afterward.
0.875 Although anime features aren't all the rage in a majority of American movie theaters, Spirited Away should be a legitimate excuse to change this pending sentiment.
1.0 Steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal, the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance.
0.75 Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously.
0.8 Miyazaki seems to have an inexhaustible supply of ideas to fill the screen and to fill screen time.
0.8 The shape-shifting creatures might be a little too imaginative for traditional audiences to get their heads around.
0.875 Miyazaki has provided another triumph, and, in the midst of the quality fall-off of Disney's in-house animated projects, a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice.
1.0 Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode.
0.875 A smashing technical achievement coming out against greed, gluttony, and pre-adolescent whining.
0.8 It almost goes without saying that the animation is jaw dropping.
1.0 Even though Disney released this film, Spirited Away points up just how by-the-numbers the studio's fare can be.
1.0 Creating a rare story-world that follows a consistent logic yet allows for most anything to happen, Miyazaki again proves himself to be more genii than filmmaker.
0.8 Spirited Away is every bit as captivating for its sheer graphic power as it is for its message of go-get-'em-girl power.
0.875 Has the mythic quality and the familiarity of great children's literature.
1.0 Miyazaki, the master animator and director of the enchanting Kiki's Delivery Service and Princess Mononoke, leads us through the looking glass as never before in Spirited Away.
1.0 An animation landmark as monumental as Disney's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
0.75 A lovely, evocative tour de force.
0.9 Spirited Away is one of the most richly imaginative and visually spectacular films you will see this year.
1.0 This is one of the year's best films.
0.8 Hayao Miyazaki may be one of Japan's leading animators, but in his new film, Miyazaki's Spirited Away, he also envelops you in a wondrous landscape of archetypal magic.
0.75 Spirited Away delivers chunks of Yellow Submarine and The Phantom Tollbooth -- a vividly timeless oddity suitable for many children and most stoners.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki's breathtakingly beautiful and poetic Spirited Away -- a Japanese cross between Alice in Wonderland and The Wizard of Oz -- is such a landmark in animation that labeling it a masterpiece almost seems inadequate.
0.75 Spirited Away is too intense for the youngest viewers, but teenagers will enjoy it -- an ill-smelling 'stink-god' character is almost worthy of a Kevin Smith gross-out movie -- and grown-ups should find it diverting, if not exactly deep.
0.875 Spirited Away has the quality of a dream: It takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along.
1.0 The film is not recommended for toddlers and easily frightened little tykes. But for everyone else, kid or grown-up, this thrilling foray into magical realms is a must.
1.0 A haunting and indelible fable that warms the chilly soul of Japanese anime and points the way for its American sponsor.
1.0 Writing about a film like Spirited Away isn't about regurgitating information out for those who know little about it, but more of an experience in reminiscing.
0.7 A must-see for Japanamation fans, anyone familiar with Japanese folklore, or anyone sick of the boring stories that typically accompany American animation.
1.0 Every scene brings a new set of wonders to delight and sometimes stagger the mind
0.875 This instant classic spins a web that will snare anyone with an imagination.
1.0 A work of beauty with a surprising capacity to be cute and cunning.
0.875 A movie full of bewitching images and timeless fun and beauty.
0.875 It's a beautiful experience, nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score.
0.6 An epic film of very bizarre proportions... kinda like a Japanese acid trip, but without the drugs.
1.0 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year.
1.0 When animators go to animator heaven, they will probably view drawings of the caliber of those in Sprited Away.
0.6 It's easy to give this one credit for the mind-blowing creativity, but I can't recommend this to anyone who's not already a fan of Miyazaki or mind-expanding drugs...it's just not going to translate.
0.875 Plot here takes a backseat to set pieces that flow into each other like a glorious stream of consciousness.
1.0 Even the worst Miyazaki picture is a remarkable achievement, and Spirited Away is one of his better films.
1.0 Animusic is an incredible venture that should see a long life, gain many fans, and find a home on a bigger screen.
1.0 Sweet pig family provides gentle lessons to preschoolers.
0.2 Scary and confusing tale of a dolphin following his dream.
0.625 Director Nesher has a way of reducing each confrontation to its two-dimensional essence, and he's not helped by a swampy, sentimental musical score.
0.625 The Secrets twines coming-out, coming-of-age and coming-to-terms-with-Orthodoxy in a way that diminishes all three -- and dilutes its message with cliches.
0.7 There is pain and empowerment in The Secrets as difficult choices are made. There are also gaps, but emotionally moving performances by Ardant, Bukstein and Shtamler in particular, keep you with this small but provocative film until the end.
0.875 In some ways, it is a traditional narrative. But it is more. It is gently and powerfully acted.
0.75 The Secrets belongs in a mini-tradition of involving films that limn the border where spiritual and sexual awakenings collide and entwine.
0.6 Each of the three primary directions of the movie might make a fascinating film, but tied together, they never cohere, and you find yourself sitting through two long hours wondering why you are doing so.
0.7 For a film with an aim as ambitious and illusive as the depiction of the spiritual, The Secrets has a surprisingly light touch.
0.8 Donkey, with his endless asides and phenomenally thick skin, is as much of a pleasure as he was in the first film, but he has a challenger: Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas.
0.6 There's no denying that Shrek 2 is fun, but it's fun without substance, and like the bubbles in the Fairy Godmother's potions, it evaporates quickly.
0.875 It's a close call as to which one's better.
0.875 It's not often that a sequel is richer and deeper than the original creation, especially when we're talking about the offerings of Hollywood. But Shrek 2 is the exception.
0.8 The characters are still charming, the animation really is spectacularly smooth and expressive, and the Looney Tunes-style humor and pop-culture in-jokes are as inventive and hilarious as before.
1.0 Shrek 2 is as much of a shriek as the original and if they keep putting out films as charming as this one, we'll all live happily ever after.
0.7 Shrek 2 retains all the fun, artistry and pop stylings of Shrek.
0.8 Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel. It's very funny, very fresh, and leaves one anxious for the next installment.
0.875 If fall movies were this consistently clever, there would never be reason to hesitate before plunking down hard-earned bucks at the multiplex.
0.8 There's plenty of subtle satire and double entendres for young and old alike to savour.
1.0 Just as much fairytale fun as the first one.
0.875 One couldn't ask for a better sequel than Shrek 2.
0.8 All the cast are uniformly excellent in their roles.
0.6 While Shrek 2 bowls merrily along on the fuel of firecracker wit and knowing pastiche that made the original so memorable, it will come as no surprise that second time around we don't feel quite so discombobulated by its brilliance.
0.4 The most accurate way to sum up Shrek 2 is that it is exactly like the original.
0.8 You'll be laughing from the first five minutes.
0.875 It ends up not so much an extension of Shrek's story as an improved retelling. [It's] critique applies to any culture that has codes of behavior and appearance.
0.7 Oh, Antonio; as a human you are -- forgive me -- less than convincing, but as a marmalade pussycat in shiny black thigh-high boots you are absolutely sensational.
0.8 Great amusement, spectacular visuals, and a wholesome story everyone can enjoy.
0.875 a familiar, but funny story of matrimonial turbulence and interfamilial discord ... with a few twisted fairy tale twists, of course
1.0 'Perfecto ejemplo del cine del nuevo milenio, asi como uno de los logros mas importantes en la historia del celuloide. Es, simple y sencillamente, genial e inolvidable.'
0.56 At best, hit and miss comedy.
0.6 An enjoyable if not especially imaginative sequel.
0.8 Enjoyable sequel that reigns in the satirical bite of the original but still delivers plenty of laughs.
0.8 Gauged simply as a gag fest, this is a jolly rib tickle from start to big finish for anyone between six and death. However, it is stretched thinly in development of plot and character.
0.75 Twice as irreverent, twice as flatulent and, at times, twice as much fun as the original.
0.5 Shrek has become a shill, peddling everything from breakfast cereal to M&M's. But is the ready-made blockbuster to the original really all that or just more of the same?
0.9 La trama es sencilla pero explosiva, dando pauta a que los mas ligeros acontecimientos puedan arrebatarnos sonrisas de irreverencia.
0.8 Contando uma historia engracada e interessante, o longa continua a tratar as fabulas com irreverencia.
0.4 Fe Fi Ho Hum!
0.75 The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical. "Shrek 2" feels very fantastic and improbable.
0.8 Shrek 2 is a smorgasbord of delights, with something for all ages.
1.0 With a witty premise, an all-star cast and a show-stopping rendition of Holding Out For a Hero as the new movie anthem, what's not to love?
0.5 In the best Hollywood tradition, Shrek 2 boldly argues against a prejudice nobody actually has.
0.7 If Antonio Banderas would have played Zorro more like Puss 'n Boots, that movie might have been a lot better.
0.8 A lovelier movie than the first, but...not quite as magical.
0.875 ....thoughtful, extensive, focused and energetic without actually being a retread of the past
0.8 While it's not terribly original--it never takes the premise or characters anywhere new--you'll be so busy laughing you won't care.
0.875 Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear.
0.9 ...it is a rewarding experience just to play "spot the hilarious movie reference" even if you don't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. But you do care.
0.6 Antonio for Best Supporting Actor! Puss in Boots is the best reason to see a film this summer.
1.0 The sequel may lack the surprise of the original, but it more than makes up for it in terms of the speed -- and volume -- of pop-culture riffs hitting the screen.
0.875 The Shrek gang is back and the new film is better than ever.
0.84 Retains the best of the original - funny characters, smart dialogue, sharp wit and a sweet moral - with less of the obnoxious aspects, and an hilarious new character.
0.75 The humor is so satisfying in its moment-to-moment pleasures that it's almost unsportsmanlike to criticize the bigger picture.
0.7 Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first.
0.4 Anyone wanting to see well-crafted animated films that don't rely exclusively on making fun of pre-existing material for their jokes should stick with Pixar.
0.8 With its Meet the Parents vibe and its twisted take on classic fairy tale standards, Shrek 2 is always entertaining and often hilarious.
0.8 I haven't left a theatre with this kind of smile on my face since Elf.
0.8 The long list of sequels to be released in coming months will have a hard time measuring up to this green giant.
0.6 There is distinctly less magic and fun in SHREK 2 as the title ogre has problems becoming accepted by his in-laws.
0.75 The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure, and thankfully the folks behind this one haven't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick.
0.9 There's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold.
0.6 Is it the second coming of DreamWorks? No, just the second coming of Shrek, which, frankly, is good enough for me.
0.9 Shrek 2 is a fun film that the whole family can enjoy. I think the adults may enjoy it even more than the kids.
0.75 Often very amusing, thanks to a droll script by co-director and co-writer Andrew Adamson (Shrek) and others and a terrific roster of supporting players.
0.8 I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the first film and anyone who enjoys fun, fluffy, all-around entertaining animated movies altogether.
0.8 The depiction of what is essentially a mixed marriage has more tender nuances than many 'serious' films that confront the topic outright.
0.5 Apart from Antonio Banderas' sizzling bout of self-parody as Puss in Boots, who boasts a slashing trademark and Latin bravado akin to Zorro's, Shrek 2 is mostly just dreck squared.
1.0 One viewing isn&#8217;t enough. There&#8217;s layer upon layer of visual gags, and in many cases, they&#8217;re funnier than those in the dialogue.
0.6 It's comfortable, easy and warm, and if it leaves you with a slight feeling of deja vu at the end, what else did you expect?
0.75 Cute, cute, cute is pretty much the defining description of Shrek 2.
0.7 Less magical and falls short of the 2001 Oscar-winning hit -- but that still leaves plenty of room for the new film to entertain.
0.7 There's a lot more to Shrek 2 than this 'I'm-okay- you're-okay' idealism, namely non-stop jokes that are clever, surreal and good-natured.
0.625 There is a fine line between name-dropping a product or TV show for laughs and genuinely writing something that is funny on its own merit
1.0 Once or twice a decade, a moment comes along that's so through-the-roof, rupture-your-hernia funny that it reaffirms my faith in comedy. 'Shrek 2' has several of those.
0.875 Shrek 2 serves up a heapin' helping of merriment and mayhem within a spectacular concoction of animated brilliance! READ ON->
1.0 C'est simple: si vous avez aime Shrek, vous adorerez Shrek 2.
1.0 Shrek 2" proves a sequel not only can be good - but can be great.
0.75 At its best, this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation, blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire.
1.0 Fairytales like this can come true... for me and for you.
0.625 Clearly, it's a problem when a movie's least interesting characters are its title hero and his signficant ogre...
0.875 Still flashy, funny and irreverent, balanced with a keen understanding of its lead characters that makes it more than just franchised eye-candy.
0.875 ...the villain this time around is Fairy Godmother herself, who acts like a magically powered plastic surgeon.
0.7 Manages to be a lot of fun while still playing it safe.
0.875 What's amazingly gutsy about Shrek 2 is its ability to dare to duplicate the infectious wit of its Academy-Award winning predecessor
0.5 None of the jokes stand on their own as jokes; they depend on the usual boys' bathroom humor and on pop culture references that range from a bit outdated to very outdated.
0.75 Getting to spend more time with these guys is a treat, but ultimately this is a mostly unnecessary sequel.
0.625 Somebody warn Ellen Degeneres that her brief reign as best supporting cartoon voice is now in jeopardy.
0.75 Lively and fun.
0.875 It's sharp, funny and has a twisted sensibility that manages to be just right for every age group.
0.75 Every bit the equal of the first film.
0.875 Delivers more fun than there is slime in a green ogre's swamp.
0.7 Funny and forgettable.
0.8 Offers twice the fun, twice the pop references and double the amount of astonishing technical wizardry of its predecessor.
0.875 The Shrek franchise is alive and well -- Model 2 is zippier, sleeker, with ever-improving graphics, vast commercial potential and the same sly ability to reach out and hook the whole family.
0.4 Gags that feel tired, too many musical interludes, a story that doesn't really progress from the first film -- Shrek 2 feels a day late and an enchanted princess short.
1.0 It's even more clever than the first Shrek, with even more advanced animation, and a larger cast that is equal to the original winning trinity of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz.
1.0 This fractured, very showbizzy deconstruction of fairy tales is in many ways the Godfather: Part II of animations -- it tops its successful predecessor.
0.5 The animation is still startlingly good and that, as well as the occasional bursts of wit, keeps Shrek 2 afloat.
0.75 The sequel to the 2001 computer-animated hit is just as fast, funny and smart as fans were hoping it would be.
0.625 The thrill isn't quite gone, but almost.
0.875 One of the all-too-rare movie sequels that's better than the original.
0.875 It may not be great art, but it's funny stuff for all ages -- and that's a rare treat.
0.875 Shrek 2 proves that winning writing trumps scenery chewing any day.
0.625 A welcome return, even if it won't leave you entirely happy ever after.
1.0 For many people, especially adults, Shrek 2 will be judged the superior of the two pictures.
0.75 A frenetic and very enjoyable 93 minutes at the movies for child and parent alike.
0.875 Kids will enjoy this fast and funny comedy, but the parents will get more of the jokes.
0.875 Shrek would tell Kermit to shove it. Sure, it's easy being green.
0.6 Desperately pleading for our laughs, Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original's fun spirit with none of its heart.
0.6 Shrek 2 is by no means a bad film. Far from it. However, claims that it's better than the original are wildly overblown...
0.75 Not as funny as the first film, but the story is richer, more emotionally complex and better written.
0.75 A respectable effort and a solid example of family-friendly entertainment.
0.8 Shrek 2 will charm audiences much like the original.
0.95 Antonio Banderas and the Dreamworks animators have teamed up to create a great character, Puss-in-Boots. Cat 'people' will love this!
0.9 A sequel that is every bit as delightful as the original... You might not live happily ever after, but you certainly will live happily for 93 minutes.
1.0 Move over "Godfather 2", "Shrek 2" is the new king of sequels
0.75 With more of an epilogue than a sequel, Dreamworks manages to squeeze a few more drops of humor out of William Steig's beloved ogre.
1.0 Funnier than the original.
0.8 The first Shrek film was an instant classic, and while Shrek 2 may not be at that same level, it isn't far off.
0.875 The big green guy's still got it!
0.7 if not a necessary sequel, certainly a welcome one
0.9 Shrek 2 is smart and silly and exceedingly beautiful to look at; it has a romantic heart and a self-deprecating wink...plus it's just plain old funny!
1.0 Shrek 2 absolutely lives up to the original in every way. It's just as sweet, just as heartfelt, and just as hilarious.
0.75 In a movie filled with imaginative bits, [Puss In Boots] emerges as the cat's meow.
0.875 Shrek 2 is exactly what we want in our sequels; respect for its origins, growth in the characters and an honest attempt to replicate its laugh quotient.
0.9 The writers bombard Puss-in-Boots with cat jokes, and I just couldn't stop laughing every time he was on the screen.
0.75 Shrek 2 may not be as fresh and new as the original, but you still can't stop yourself from lovin' the big green ogre anyway.
0.875 The spirit that made the first film such a charmer survives intact.
0.875 Shrek 2 brims with perverse pleasures that show no respect for the rules of kiddie-cartoon form.
0.875 A sequel as exhilarating and riotously funny as 2001's top-grossing original.
0.75 Not quite as sparkling as the first, but it gets nuttier as it goes along.
0.875 So gorgeously animated and so thoroughly entertaining for all ages that only an ogre would complain it's not quite as fresh as the original.
0.75 This sequel is above average in terms of energy, cleverness and production values. But the original computer-animated blockbuster was so far off the scale that it's hardly fair to expect this one to measure up.
0.75 A solid if not groundbreaking yarn.
0.75 Shrek 2 is bright, lively and entertaining, but it's no Shrek.
1.0 As funny, sweet and engaging as the first film.
0.5 Predicated entirely on "Three's Company"-quality contrivances, requiring all the characters to behave like jackasses in order for the plot to advance.
0.875 This is joyous filmmaking, proof that not all fairy tales have to end.
1.0 I predict this raucously funny, deliciously irreverent comedy will outdraw, outperform and outlast the competition this summer. The ogre rules!
0.8 With delightful new characters, Shrek 2 is the compleat family comedy about being happy in one's own skin -- just what we need in a country obsessed with extreme makeovers.
0.875 ...the sequel has come close to rivaling the original and you will leave ready to see it all again. I don't imagine I'll be writing that compliment often this summer.
0.875 Lampoons a number of fairy-tale conventions but engages in the conflict and warmth of un-enchanted humanity.
0.75 Blazes across the screen with mature, rapid-fire wit; genuine warmth; and rainbow-colored visual beauty.
0.375 DreamWorks, the supposed anti-Disney, is producing product the unfortunate equal of their archenemy.
0.875 Another don't-miss gem from DreamWorks.
1.0 Shrek 2 is one of the great movies of all time.
0.875 The film is amusing from start to finish, but one pseudo-video-taped segment of "KNIGHTS" (a "COPS" spoof) rocks the theater. It's hands down (or handcuffed) hilarious.
0.6 Parfaits are in order for viewing this sequel that stumbles badly before hitting its stride halfway through its running time
0.25 Credit Shrek 2 for being the rare sequel that more or less equals its predecessor-the first film was garbage, and so is the second.
1.0 Frame by frame, sketch by sketch, Sullivan has created a rich and layered world in "Consuming Spirits," one that won't easily let you go.
0.7 Something more coherent, masterful - and oddly poignant - than it may initially seem.
1.0 "Consuming Spirits" puts a hook in you and doesn't let you off. A hook the size of a crowbar.
0.75 An ambitious animated epic that runs well over two hours and sometimes feels more like a feat than a film. Nevertheless, it's a kind of milestone in its genre.
0.8 Even if one grows impatient with the film's dovetailing tales of small-town desperation, it's hard to tire of its visual execution.
0.75 It is the story of people in a small ordinary town, knowing nothing but their ordinary affairs, revealing their sins and crimes with an ordinary negligence.
0.92 Fifteen years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spiritsis the work of his lifetime -- or any lifetime, for that matter.
0.75 Sullivan pulls the narrative noose tight at long last, and wraps up "Consuming Spirits'' as neatly as a Victorian novel - albeit one written by someone with an alarming affinity for the grotesque.
1.0 At a time when animation is expected to be computer-generated, three-dimensional and relentlessly upbeat, Mr. Sullivan's film is flat, handmade and melancholy, a dark and painful fantasy for grown-ups.
0.9 The effect is that of disjointed, haunted reverie, of alternate realities colliding, soundtracked by mumbled asides and an uneasy murmur of background noise.
0.6 The interweaving stories of commercialized religion, rancid Americana and alcoholic wretches start wearing thin around the movie's midpoint; by the end, the whole morose endeavor risks becoming downright threadbare.
1.0 Not only a monstrous visual achievement, but one of the most uniquely humanistic animated features of all time.
0.7 Issues of plot aside, though, the thing that any viewer is likely to notice first is the striking, nearly unpremeditated style of the film.
0.75 The film feels unique and vibrant if only for the fact that it's the painfully rare DCAU title that doesn't revolve around Batman, Superman, or a Batman/Superman-led Justice League.
0.75 For all its apocalyptic fate-of-the-world theatrics, this...[adaptation of] the 2011 graphic novel Flashpoint by Geoff Johns and Andy Kubert...has an emotional core to give purpose to its crazy amounts of mayhem. [Blu-ray]
0.95 Years from now it may be looked at as the animated film that took the direct to video comic book movie market to another level of storytelling possibilities. Yes, it's that good.
0.875 ...as buoyant as you'd expect from a movie largely set amidst the clouds.
0.875 One of Japanese writer-director Hayao Miyazaki's best films.
0.6 A Star Wars-like animated feature about a legendary city behind the clouds and the many secrets it holds about nature, robots, light, and magic.
0.7 Castle in the Sky is an...uplifting experience. It's the perfect place to view where Miyazaki has been and where he intends to go.
0.8 Exciting, all-ages anime airborne fantasy epic.
0.875 Unusually detailed animation glides hand in hand with the film's aura of wonderment.
0.75 It shows the master still learning, still discovering his pacing.
0.6 Some of the action verges on the cartoonish, but Miyazaki's extraordinary realism in dealing with his characters is already evident in this fun adventure story.
0.9 My favorite Miyazaki film
0.75 Interesting for the Miyazaki scholar for sure but still feeling its way in terms of the connectivity and brilliance of Miyazaki's later plots.
0.625 Try to picture Terry Gilliam doing an animated Star Wars by way of Jules Verne.
0.6 The movie is gorgeously animated and has many powerful images and ideas.
0.75 The incomprehensible back story didn't dim my enjoyment much. The movie is a crackerjack audio-visual thrill ride.
0.875 Exhilarating, intelligent and compelling with plenty of surprises and dazzling animation.
0.6 Fans, go be with your people. Others, approach cautiously.
0.6 The widescreen canvas is an improvement over television's limited expanse. But if you're not among the indoctrinated, don't bother.
0.75 This is a very intelligent, well-plotted story - and my hunch is that we have not seen the last of our heroes.
0.625 At some point you have to ask: When are fantasy fans going to tire of heroes and villains throwing bolts of energy at each other? Give it a rest already!
0.5 Soporific exposition culminates in a visually chaotic final act that makes "Tintin'' look downright restrained.
0.625 Like a lot of anime, the movie remains entertaining even when you have no idea what's going on.
0.625 The Sacred Star of Milos manages to be an entertaining and faithful expansion on the original material while being inconsequential to it.
0.625 This is a gripping mystery in its own right, and even retains the original Japanese voice actors (with subtitles).
0.6 Gentle princess tale focuses on being true to yourself.
0.7 ...it's hard not come away with a smile on your face.
0.8 What the hell kind of grown-up hands out rocks on Halloween?
0.6 Perhaps Charlie Brown's most charming, bittersweet moment.
0.8 The most sincere of all Halloween specials.
0.6 Average animated action tale features troubled superheroes.
0.4 It's too violent for younger viewers, but not mature enough for older ones. It's a movie trapped in between target audiences.
0.4 Low-budget cartoon tells classic story with hopeful ending.
0.625 While the movies are increasingly enamored with ever more elaborate computer animation, [director Phil Nibbelink] delivers a feature that is resolutely old-fashioned in its use of cels. Surprisingly, it's not terrible.
0.2 A comprehensive list of what's wrong with Romeo & Juliet: Sealed With a Kiss would stretch farther than the unabridged works of William S.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is a very mediocre affair, with crummy 3D and a real lack of laughs.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" feels more like a direct-to-video release than one that should have been put in theaters.
0.8 Shrek Forever After is a fairy tale ending for the series.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
0.6 DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
0.6 Reveals an urge by the filmmakers to wipe the slate clean, as large an admission that the series is out of ideas as one could get. That said, all involved do try to make the most of it.
0.6 ...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
0.6 It's sweet, mildly funny, and a pleasant enough farewell from these once beloved characters. But there's a somewhat melancholy tone to the proceedings, as we watch this franchise try to hold onto its final shreds of dignity.
0.5 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Interestingly, ...Forever After's biggest influence appears not to be fairy tales this time, but rather the Back To The Future series.
0.8 The movie is a family drama about the family drama, so on every available level it works a treat.
0.6 It's a neat enough way of closing the book -- and one hopes it is closed now.
0.7 Has a warm, engaging tone that draws us into the dramatic possibilities rather than the comical ones
0.6 It isn't quite as witty or inventive as you might have hoped but if it is the last film in the series then it offers an honourable conclusion to a wonderful decade of family entertainment.
0.6 An improvement over the last film...
0.6 I admit my gentle, feelgood buzz on leaving the cinema was rather premised on the assumption that the Shrek-pipeline is now empty, but it's an enjoyable film nonetheless and a nice way for the series to finish.
0.4 Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.
0.6 If we all loved the first film, enjoyed the second and were disappointed by the third, this fourth and final entry ends the Shrek series on a satisfying high note.
0.6 While it will have to settle for being the second best sequel of the franchise, Shrek's last outing ultimately reminds you of why we fell in love with these characters in the first place.
0.6 Now is the time for DreamWorks to return to the drawing board; to use this $2.5 billion series to invest in something as thrilling and adventurous as the original Shrek.
0.6 The film is engaging enough, due to a narrative gimmick that makes the old ground new again.
0.6 This fourth ogre outing delivers plenty of 3D razzle dazzle and has fun messing about with its alternate-reality storyline, but it never troubles the modernclassic status achieved by the first Shrek. Still, a chunky step up from Shrek The Third.
0.6 Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
0.6 An entertaining conclusion to the franchise -- one that parents should happily endure. But let's hope that's all, folks.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...
0.2 There's no life to the film, no spark, and more importantly no real reason for this fourth outing to have ever been made.
0.6 A welcome relief. However, it is still far, far away from the heights of the first two installments.
0.55 If anything, it's much better than the third chapter.
0.625 It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
0.7 As far as blatant milking of cash-cows go, it retains much of the heart and charm of the franchise, if not the cracking humour.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.6 The Shrek franchise is a hugely enjoyable one, with funny characters and a knowing way with mocking fairy-tales and popular culture.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.6 Shrek Forever After feels tired, but is lifted by the usual slew of wisecracks and pop culture references. The use of 3-D, while not revelatory, is apt, and adds another layer of appeal to the film's action.
0.6 A rise in quality from the very pedestrian Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek 4 shows all the signs of mortuus equus syndrome -- as in, flogging the horse which is not just sleeping.
0.6 All in all, it's not the spectacular send-off Shrek deserves but, as a way to get out, it's not too shabby either.
0.8 What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
0.75 The key, as Fiona points out, is to know when you have everything, and be grateful. It's a worthy conclusion to the tale. We can all live happily ever after.
0.75 This "final chapter" doesn't try too hard %u2014 save for the finale %u2014 to become an after-school special, the way the dreadfully dull Shrek the Third did.
0.625 doesn't do anything the previous installments hadn't already done for better or for worse
0.75 The weaknesses of the picture suggest that there really isn't anywhere else to go beyond this, but as long as they stop now, the series can always be remembered as a pleasurable one.
0.5 It's a Shrek-derful Midlife Crisis
0.625 All the edge, all the wit, all the refreshing originality that made the earlier films in the franchise so enjoyable have been all but drained from the swamp this go round.
0.625 The winking nonstop pop-culture references are as annoying as ever, but the witch army is cool, and there's no denying that Donkey, Puss in Boots, the Gingerbread Man, Pinocchio and the other supporting characters are pretty funny.
0.375 It cuts back on the rapid-fire pop culture references that dominate the other films to focus on the story, but unfortunately, the story isn't all that interesting.
0.625 This is one grim fairy tale.
0.5 Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
0.6 I got three solid laughs and one chuckle out of the whole thing. There is something wrong with that.
0.5 Not as bad as number three but not as good as one and two.
0.25 A dumbed-down ripoff strictly for the tyke demographic too young to notice that the flick's a thinly-veiled retread.
0.75 After the original spoof of fairy tales and Disney fare, it's taken three sequels to finally get one right. Now please stop.
1.0 The deepest, richest, most entertaining and the most "real" characters in movies aren't real people.
0.5 The fairy tale that has charmed adults and children is now in its fourth, and possibly final, installment.
0.875 Reminds us why we fell in love with these characters, while also finding different ways for them to interact in a new adventure.
0.8 After seeing 'Shrek the Third' I thought I was done with this movies. I thought wrong. They brought back the story. And now they can put the series to bed, happily ever after.
0.5 [Its] primary function will be to serve as a babysitter once it hits DVD.
0.582 Somewhat clever, heartfelt and much darker than its predecessors, but it's ultimately forgettable and not nearly as diverting as it could have been for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.5 [It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
0.8 You don't have to be a second coming of Albert Einstein to figure out how it will all end, but that doesn't stop Shrek Forever After from having a tremendous amount of heart.
0.6 Fiona's fierce, Shrek's lovable in still-funny 4th movie.
0.625 It's no classic, but Shrek Forever After is a pleasant reminder that every time a cash register rings, this ogre turns angelic.
0.5 It feels narratively overcooked and comically undernourished, a pale shadow of the earlier entries.
0.6 This latest episode may be agreeably snappy and snarky -- improving considerably on 2007's stale Shrek the Third -- but it's also evidence the series is out of ideas.
0.625 Shrek Forever After wanders far, far away from the infectious and propulsive zing that we've come to expect over the past nine years.
0.75 The shout line on the Shrek Forever After poster says it best: It ain't ogre till it's ogre.
0.75 Directed with zest by Mike Mitchell (from a script by Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke) and shot in 3D, this final Shrek sequel has plenty of verve.
0.9 Director Mike Mitchell and screenwriters Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke, all relatively new to the franchise, manage to lead the winning returning cast in a fresh direction.
0.55 Do we really need a movie about SHREK's midlife crisis? Really?
0.5 Forever After feels like a tired yank on the udders of a cash cow that's nearly dry.
0.625 Shrek still mopes around too much. But he recovers nicely with a good bit of help from his friends, Donkey and Puss, as fine a pair of sidekicks as filmdom has produced.
0.6 Mr. Murphy's toothy, shifty-eyed Donkey who distills the series' attitude of cheerfully curdled hipness. In his eternal upbeat cheekiness, he is a creation to rival Peter Pan.
0.5 Even though Forever After is not as fresh-seeming as its predecessors, it provides passable entertainment, especially for the kids who won't be familiar with the George Bailey storyline retread -- or midlife crises, for that matter.
0.75 Shrek's "It's A Wonderful Life," plus lots of action and Donkey teeth in 3-D.
0.75 Let Shrek Forever After be the final Shrek chapter so the franchise can end on a reasonably high note.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" lacks the charm and freshness of the original. It does entertain, though, because of its winning recipe of popular characters, humor and storytelling.
0.8 Where Shrek the Third got a bit green around the gills, this latest take, puffed up in 3D and defibrillated back to life with a snappy story, makes for some monstrously good fun.
0.5 "It's mildly entertaining, infused with the pleasant nostalgia you experience visiting friends you only get to see every few years. ... But the laughs aren't there anymore."
0.4 This is nothing more than a tired and creatively bankrupt attempt to further stretch out a property that never should have turned into a franchise in the first place.
0.625 The fourth Shrek runs out of steam from the start, cribbing from its predecessors in a last desperate attempt to evoke some of that old magic.
0.5 If you had a tough time getting through Shrek the Third, you'll probably have an even tougher time with Shrek Forever After. Oh, but it's in 3-D. That should make things pop, but it didn't make much of an impression, sort of like the rest of the animati
0.6 ...for once, the creators of this creaky series try something new and fresh.
0.875 They ought to be happy they found a way to go out on top with a good movie. Please don't follow through with the idea of doing a 5th Shrek movie.
0.75 After a disappointing third outing, this Shrek brings the cycle of fairy-tale-themed films to a fine finish.
0.5 Benjamin Franklin once said, "Fish and guests stink after three days." The same could be said of movie franchises that overstay their welcome. With Shrek Forever After, the magic is gone but at least the heart is back.
0.25 After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
0.875 Fresh, funny and, for once, a sequel worthy of summer blockbuster status.
0.75 A sunny, sweet and satisfying animated comedy.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is an improvement on the third film but misses that comedic balance that the first two films delivered.
0.75 For once ... I hope the filmmakers haven't ruled out another sequel. As Shrek Forever After proves, there's life in the big green guy yet.
0.625 What saves Shrek Forever After from utter mediocrity isn't its high-priced superstar voice talent but veteran animator Dohrn, who steals the show by making Rumplestilskin the best oily runt since Danny DeVito last dispatched a taxi.
0.6 Fanciful and, hopefully, franchise-concluding, it should have a long and prosperous life on dvd.
0.6 You've seen Shrek and it was good. If you want to know what Shrek would be like if it wasn't good, then see Shrek Forever After.
0.625 The series exits (hopefully) on the right note. It's not because it comes close to the achievement of the first two films ... but because it gets out before we turn from amused detachment to fed-up annoyance.
0.625 So fear not, "Shrek Forever After" is not a S-wreck. But unfortunately it's not S-great, either.
0.8 The magic is back
0.625 It now requires nothing less than the retroactive destruction of Shreka(TM)s idyllic family life to inject some necessary conflict back into the franchise. If you cana(TM)t fix something that isna(TM)t broke, your only recourse is to break it.
0.625 In the fourth and ostensibly final installment, Shrek and company still have some appeal, but the energy is lacking and the fun feels forced.
0.5 Having seen Shrek Forever After only four days ago, it has already begun to slowly fade from memory, whereas the original remains fresh in my mind, as if it were just viewed yesterday. What does that tell you?
0.625 It's the characters that pull us in when familiarity flatlines our interest.
1.0 ... that rare sequel that actually tops the original ...
0.75 Shrek Forever After ends (presumably) the Shrek saga on an up note, thanks to a fresh take on a classic plot twist.
0.5 With the exception of the third film, this is the least funny of the bunch.
0.5 Shrek Forever After is being billed as the last of four big-screen romps featuring the lovable slime-green ogre with the cheesy Scottish accent. And to see this final installment is to know: It's time.
0.5 The magic is gone. Like its watermelon-headed hero, Shrek Forever After has the midlife blahs.
0.75 As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
0.6 For the most part the screenwriters never lose sight of the moral of this story: Whatever else gets tossed into the mix, Shrek must be the heart and soul. In this, Myers is a master; he makes it seem easy being green.
0.625 All of this would be extremely irritating, and easy to dismiss as cynical manipulation of the moviegoing public -- except for the fact that even recycled Shrek is still pretty funny, and that kids will thoroughly enjoy it.
0.4 The kind of commercially mandated, creatively bankrupt effort that makes you realize why so many animated sequels go straight to DVD.
0.625 The quick wit and multitiered pop-culture referencing that made the inaugural Shrek so much fun doesn't feel so quick or multi almost a decade down the line.
0.6 A delightful animated portrait of Shrek's mid-life crisis and his struggle to find a way to savor the ordinary rhythms of marriage and parenting.
0.6 The novelty may have worn off, but Shrek Forever After gets better as it goes along, and it has its moments.
0.6 People will complain about what Shrek Forever After lacks in comparison to the other three installments, but I will take a drastic reduction in fart jokes and bad puns in favor of some heart any day of the week.
0.75 ...as fun and witty as its predecessors, but the movie has a completely different reason for being.
0.3 The Shrek franchise has officially gone green: Forever After is made from entirely recycled material, and it smells to high heaven.
0.25 If the screaming kids in the theater don't get to you, then the not-too-jolly green ogre's three burping, farting, and also screaming offspring will...
0.5 Forever After isn't as jumbled and irritating as 2007's Shrek the Third, but it's still decidedly pointless.
0.6 The fourth -- and allegedly final -- installment of the 'Shrek' franchise is an improvement over the third, but it won't make us clamor for a fifth.
0.5 Dreamworks seems bored with the ogre who laid the golden egg.
0.5 Shrek the Third made more than $322 million. Why kill the goose that laid the golden egg? Because it's time.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3-D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.75 The first summer movie thus far to deliver on its promise to put on a good show.
0.8 Happily, it's a move that revives our aging ogre, and renews his flagging franchise.
0.875 You can see the ending, and even the fantastically corny final line coming the whole time, but when they finally do they still hit hard.
0.5 Shrek Forever After isn't offensive, just innocuous and unnecessary, a supposed final chapter to a series that should have ended two installments ago.
0.9 Shrek is without question the funniest film of the year-at least so far.
0.5 Good enough for the kiddies, but grown-ups may find Part 4 little more than a hollow echo of the original Shrek.
0.8 A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
0.8 As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
1.0 Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
0.9 Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
0.625 ...far from engrossing...
1.0 Wonderful stuff.
1.0 It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
1.0 In a word: Incredible.
0.9 A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
0.8 ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
0.9 The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
0.8 Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
0.875 Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
1.0 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
0.8 The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
0.8 [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
0.8 Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
1.0 E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
0.875 One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
1.0 Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
0.625 A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
0.8 Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
0.75 ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
0.6 Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
1.0 When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
1.0 Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
0.6 What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
0.8 Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
1.0 Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
0.5 An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
0.875 A film so miraculous and so far above its competitors that the Academy Award for Animated Feature Film is no longer a contest.
1.0 Est immediatement devenu mon film de Pixar favori.
1.0 This remarkably entertaining and meaty motion picture is all eye candy and goofy entertainment for children, but underneath lies a biting denunciation on a number of contemporary topics.
0.9 A hilariously fun romp through the everyday lives of comic-book superheroes.
0.875 It's a great and memorable romp that will leave your family feeling super.
0.8 A family-friendly rallying cry against conformity, far more daring than the tastelessness that passes for daring in Team America, but undercut by excessive length.
0.875 The Incredibles, for all its kid-friendly sops, feels like one of the most mature movies currently gracing theaters.
0.75 Gorgeously designed and animated.
0.15 Since it's too much a crowd-pleaser to be critical of the violent payoff that it delivers, it's tough not to take its apparent message seriously.
0.7 Pixar does it again with a comedy/action film about a family of superheroes. The writing is the real attraction. THE INCREDIBLES is subversive, heart-warming, and fun.
0.8 It is trite to say, but the only word to describe this movie is INCREDIBLE!
1.0 Wild, wondrous and utterly disarming ... sweet but never saccharine, freed from the shackles of postmodern irony and cleverness for its own sake.
0.75 The Incredibles isn't. It's a good movie, but it isn't the incredible type of picture we've come to expect from Pixar.
0.75 The show itself runs a little long for an animated feature but finishes in a flurry of special effects that left me dumbfounded. Don't miss it folks.
0.8 Overflows with slapstick and more gentle strains of humor, while a core of genuine emotion that is nothing if not ambitiously nuanced resonates throughout a script.
1.0 Pixar Animation spends an entire year on each of their mammoth productions on the scripts alone. Could this explain why their movies are consistently clever and entertaining?
0.875 As one who's ingested a lot of superhero comics, books, and movies over the years, I can attest that this works as a genuine superhero movie, not just as a family film.
0.875 Outrageously funny and imaginative...the latest thumping thrill ride in the animation genre. A snappy and smart superhero saga that's intriguingly charming in its chaotic mode
1.0 ... the greatest superhero film ever.
0.7 A fun story with some creative characters and plenty of Pixar wit.
0.9 It would be an incredible mistake to miss this film!
0.875 Exemplary mixture of top-notch storytelling, visual razzle-dazzle, accessible humor, and involving action.
0.8 As a collegue told me...it'll do disapointing box office...only about half a billion.....See it.
1.0 Pixar. How do they do it? From the studio that bought you Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc and Finding Nemo comes another blooming masterpiece.
1.0 The dream team of Brad Bird and John Lasseter looks poised to defend family entertainment against mediocrity through what we can only hope will be a long-running franchise.
1.0 Just when you thought you could peg a Pixar film... comes this new feature which takes those elements in a wholly unexpected direction.
0.75 Boundlessly enjoyable, extravagant to look at, and a frequent adrenaline rush.
0.9 I had a heck of a time...I guarantee that money spent here is money spent wisely.
1.0 By far the best of the CGI-animated films in the Disney canon, a wondrous and exciting spectacle that is just as enticing narratively as it is visually.
0.9 [A] brilliantly animated, cleverly written family adventure.
0.9 If you like Pixar or comic book movies, then The Incredibles is required viewing for you.
0.875 Even escapist entertainment this clinically zip-bam-wow should soothe your political burnout.
1.0 Deliriously funny and exciting.
0.875 A brilliant satire on modern American life.
1.0 Not only does 'The Incredibles' advance the art of animation, it takes the genre out of the ballpark.
0.7 Brad Bird's richly imagined, retro-moderne homage to the superhero-fueled daydreams of his youth creates a vibrantly original mythology.
0.8 Families will flock to and enjoy this movie, but it's likely only adults will really get it.
1.0 The best 3-D animated extravaganza since Monsters, Inc.
0.75 The Incredibles, the latest animated wonder from Emeryville's Pixar Animation Studios, will intrigue adults as well as 7-year-olds. In fact, the adults might be more intrigued.
0.75 A real banshee of zip and zoom (and often terrific design), The Incredibles takes off excitingly whenever it moves fast.
0.875 An exceptional film in many ways.
0.9 A visual stunner.
0.875 A genuine laugh riot.
0.6 A spirited state-of-the-art riff on vintage James Bond movies and the superhero ethos of the 1950s and '60s.
1.0 A visually thrilling experience.
0.875 An astonishingly smart satire of superheroes, James Bond movies and, just for fun, socially engineered mediocrity.
0.7 It's witty, clever and pushes the technical limits of computer animation but it's as much an imitator as it is an innovator.
0.7 Like the little boy in The Incredibles who hangs around, slack-jawed, just to see what his superhero neighbours will do next, kids can't seem to get enough of this hyperactive carry-on.
0.75 The Incredibles is so jammed with entertainment that, at two hours, it's almost too much.
0.75 Not only is this a rollicking cartoon joy ride for all the little Olivias and Spencers in your life -- it's a solid film in its own right.
0.875 Pixar's movies may be completely digital, but each one beats with a human heart.
0.75 Another hip-but- wholesome animated family comedy from Hollywood superhero Pixar.
1.0 In addition to being riotously funny, The Incredibles is also extremely exciting.
0.75 The Incredibles is a zippy, visually powerful riff on what happens when a hero feels like a zero.
0.875 Bird has made a traditional action movie full of chases, crashes and stunt work.
0.875 An emotionally resonant, inventively hilarious movie that, oddly, may be its most family-friendly yet.
1.0 Bottom line, The Incredibles has some great funny moments, but it also tells a decent story - and that's the catch when making any kind of movie.
1.0 One of the year's most visually dazzling and emotionally satisfying adventures.
0.875 Here's another example of Pixar's mastery of popular animation.
1.0 A departure for Pixar: longer and a bit grittier ... and created by someone outside the Pixar family. ... But the movie's central elements are pure Pixar.
1.0 Like Elastigirl, Pixar shows it can be pulled in many directions and snap back into shape, invariably vanquishing any challenger that stands in the way.
1.0 A visual feast, a funny, entertaining thrill ride that's the best creation yet from the animation juggernaut better known as Pixar.
0.9 The Incredibles is the finest of Pixar combined with the best parts of Spider-Man, Superman and Batman...plus it's pretty damn funny too.
1.0 certainly the animated movie of the year and, for my money, one of the best times you'll have at the movies all year.
0.7 The funny stuff outweighs the slower parts - it mostly delivers super hero entertainment.
1.0 Visual wonders are just a mind-blowing bonus in a film which uses character-driven hero stories to make something incredibly smart.
0.875 The film proves there are auteurs even within the army-of-collaborators medium that is big-budget animation.
0.75 I can't shake the notion that The Incredibles may not be all it might have been. It stomps all the expected bases instead of streaking by with daring innovation.
0.7 Succeeds not only as a straight-forward action picture with suspense and excitement, but also as a touching and funny story about the importance of family and individuality.
1.0 Wow. I mean, really -- Wow!
1.0 Funny and frantic? Sure -- but The Incredibles is also one of the greatest adventures the movies have given us.
0.875 Brace yourself for something more sophisticated and ... adult. The Incredibles is not cut from the same touchy-feely ... mold as Toy Story, Monsters Inc. or Finding Nemo.
1.0 Amazing, amusing action-adventure.
1.0 The Incredibles is the coolest movie ever made. It rolls Marvel Comics, James Bond and Jonny Quest into the ultimate Saturday morning cartoon sugar buzz.
1.0 I sincerely hope that there's an Incredibles 2 somewhere down the road. These characters are too endearing and way too much fun to be left hanging at the end.
1.0 Simply put, The Incredibles is!
1.0 A brilliant blend of fast-paced comedy, dazzling visuals and heartfelt emotion that put most other contemporary films-animated or otherwise-to shame...
1.0 Pardon me for the Joel Siegel moment, but it's all pretty fricking incredible.
1.0 [An] unprecedented film that is not just a grand feature-length cartoon but a grand feature.
0.8 It's hard to imagine anyone not being utterly enthralled by the timeless charms and dazzling animation prowess of The Incredibles.
0.8 A laugh-out-loud funny, adrenaline-fueled romp.
0.75 Pixar has delivered its first pure action picture, while still managing not to lose sight of its preoccupation with family.
1.0 A movie with the sweet soul of Toy Story and the boisterous spirit of Spy Kids.
0.75 A fun-filled foray into animated action, fantasy and adventure.
0.8 Pixar's new animated action-comedy, about a superhero family stuck in middle-class suburban exile, comes tantalizingly close to greatness.
0.875 A computer-generated animated adventure about retired superheroes, blends action, humor and even a touch of earnest emotion into a dazzling visual package.
0.75 Sharper and smarter than any animation since Shrek 2.
1.0 Phenomenal, magnificent, exuberantly entertaining, and just about any other positive adjective you can think of.
0.875 The Incredibles eventually captures all the right emotional beats, thumping superhero action and poignant moments to make the film, well, almost incredible.
0.875 Incredibles has the hip style and flash of '60s action entertainment, complete with a jazzy score.
0.75 It's not as catchy a title, but The Incredibles is more like The Really Goods.
0.875 The expressions on the characters' faces are so nuanced and complex you feel like you're watching actual people.
0.875 Filled with the kind of funny detail that has become a Pixar trademark.
0.7 The studio's best-ever work with humanoid forms.
0.875 Everything works in this movie.
0.875 It is not merely amazing -- it reflects an imagination just as elaborate as the technology it employs.
0.875 A vivid, sublime parody and valentine to the superhero genre.
0.4 The Incredibles promotes a new moral slogan for our times: The family that fights evil-doers together stays together.
1.0 There is more unexpectedly moving, palpable, identifiable jeopardy and danger for these animated characters than in much of the recent low-rate live-action superhero junk.
0.95 Pixar's track record is Incredible! Yet another great film for kids and adults alike!
1.0 Imaginative, good-versus-evil escapist adventure that will delight both adults and children. A movie that really lives up to its name.
1.0 The Incredibles is awesome, so get ready for a good time. Even the geeks are going to like it!
0.875 While delivering the goods as a rip-roaring action-adventure and in the process rocketing the art of animation to new heights of imagination, humor and wonder, director-writer Brad Bird has crafted a film that breaks fresh ground and defies fogy rules.
0.75 The animation is as lush and colorful as usual, and a lock for an Oscar nomination for best animated film is as much of a lock as a scorching Arizona summer.
1.0 as stylish as Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow but with more depth, and as giddy as Toy Story but with more of a soul
0.875 it's difficult to imagine anyone who won't be thoroughly entertained by this terrific family adventure.
0.625 [Pixar's] first feature to lack the winsome pizzaz that makes for mandatory repeat viewing...(but will still) entertain enough to justify the price of a movie ticket.
1.0 Every great movement begins with one glorious bound...over tall buildings or otherwise.
0.75 From first frame to last the effects are flawlessly detailed and the design fabulously executed.
1.0 Strong story and animation, excellent dialogue, interesting pace dynamics, action, love, and some pretty potent thought nuggets -- this is entertainment!
0.78 still indicative of a genre in its infancy, nowhere near as steadfastly classic as the cream of the cell-animated crop. Brilliant stuff, but not outstanding.
0.875 An epic battle between conformity and exceptionality in The Incredibles, which will be catnip for superhero buffs and a great time at the movies for everyone else.
1.0 Incredible by name and incredible by nature -- brilliantly acted, wonderfully animated and hysterically funny throughout, this is one of the best films of the year. Unmissable.
0.6 Despite first-rate CGI animation and some clever atomic 50s-style art direction, [it] commits the worst cinematic sin of all, it's tepid.
1.0 La mejor cinta de animacion 3D jamas realizada.
0.9 The "comics" of the 21st century--in the fullest sense of the term. If you don't love it I've got a nice flat for you on Mars. Meanwhile, there's a new bonanza on the block.
1.0 So full of heart and soul that you can actually feel it becoming a classic while you're watching it.
0.75 The Incredibles may fight to save the world, but they teach us to know thyself.
0.8 Earth versus Heaven is always an interesting conflict, but it's seldom looked so beautiful.
0.75 a visually extravagant, exhilarating explosion of animation that makes absolutely no sense
0.75 The spectacular artwork and animation go a long way toward keeping the audience captivated.
0.5 In a movie that is deadly serious, the stilted dialog provides unexpected sources of mirth.
0.4 We are treated to superb city landscapes but so much minor detail that you never know who is doing what to whom, or even why.
0.6 It's beautifully animated - the climactic sequence in Earth orbit is breathtaking - and its philosophical digressions are fascinating, if completely bananas.
0.4 The script is lousy and laughable. Anime fans may be able to take the talky portentousness, but the ideas are ridiculous.
0.4 We're in a post-9/11 world plagued with terror attacks. Is it an American corporate conspiracy? Or the work of a deity? Cue the obligatory second-half metaphysical blather.
0.4 The cyborgs' epic search for 'His Voice' quickly becomes a little tenuous and ridiculous, pushing the film into maddening and tedious territory.
0.8 One of the most ambitious and interesting movies of the last few years.
0.6 Terrific-looking action sequences alternate with less terrific expository chat. Despite the natter, it's all mildly baffling.
0.2 Ambitious, perhaps, but hardly entertaining.
0.4 A disappointingly dated and unpowered Manga update.
