0.375 The makers of In Her Skin must be prepared to cut a check to anyone who ever read, wrote, made, or saw The Lovely Bones.
0.0 An absolutely interminable piece of work...
0.6 Extended takes allow the cast (rooted in 70s alternative theatre) to improvise conversations with naturalistic results; discussions about grief, marriage, faltering love and mistimed connections ring true.
0.4 The problem is that the protagonists are so unengaging.
0.6 This is a minor-key film: delicate, sober and thoughtful.
0.4 The film needed more heat and fluency, more inter-melting of components.
0.2 Shallow insights in the long grass make for a dozy yet irritating afternoon in the Kent countryside.
0.4 An improvised, no-budget British drama with the cringe factor of watching your mum doing am-dram.
0.4 The best one can say is that it was probably fun being in it, and what it's doing getting released in cinemas is anyone's guess.
0.6 Much better than the am-dram washout it could so easily have been, there's nuggets of truth and wisdom in this lo-fi drama.
0.4 The pace picks up towards the end, but whether you'll still care by that point is another matter.
0.4 excellent performers can't compensate for the film's biggest problem - lack of originality
0.4 Filmmaker Love brings these characters to vivid life, but they're all so hateful, racist and idiotic that we don't like them at all!
0.9 Director Julien Duvivier took the conventional mix of love and bullets and made it into dark poetry.
0.86 Captures the vibrancy of colonial Northern Africa with intimate sensual detail
1.0 am most amazed at how well it has survived the test of time.
1.0 the film that made consummate French actor Jean Gabin a star
0.8 You have to like a movie that was the true inspiration to that famous animated skunk Pepe le Pew.
0.875 An irresistibly entertaining drama of dreamy, doom-laden romantic fatalism, a vividly atmospheric film noir years before noir was cool.
1.0 The French original has it all over on the Hollywood version in the way it conveys atmosphere.
0.875 Retains its power to amuse and enthrall 65 years after its debut.
1.0 Pepe le Moko, made in 1937, begins with that tinny, swooning French soundtrack music that conjures up European movies before the war, but it isn't until a few minutes later that you realize you're in for something special.
1.0 Excitingly filmed with North African footage mixed with superb sets.
1.0 A timeless romantic thriller that steeps us in one of those great artificial movie worlds that become more overpowering than reality itself.
1.0 Beautifully crafted, movingly acted, still involving and entertaining, this is just the kind of film people are talking about when they say they don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 One of the most purely enjoyable films ever made.
0.8 What it all means is open to interpretation. Read it as a parable or as a horror movie. Read it as the story of love between a girl and her dog. Read it however you want. No matter what your take, you won't be disappointed.
0.875 Emotionally visceral, visually amazing movie with an underpinned social commentary that hits like a brick. See it.
0.9 White God has all the moralistic themes and allegorical elements to make the film evergreen when applied to almost any social, political or socio-economic conflict.
0.875 White God offers a dark - very dark - take on the way humans exert authority, and superiority, over our fellow creatures.
0.7 Kornel Mundruczo knows not of subtlety. The Hungarian director's brash new feature White God is over the top in all kinds of ways, for better and worse.
0.7 Call the shelter; this one's a keeper.
0.75 A mixed-genre fable that evokes Dickensian melodrama, coming-of-age tropes and outright horror.
0.75 Think "The Incredible Journey" crossed with "The Birds" crossed with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes." Or maybe just imagine "Cujo" as told from the dog's point of view. Don't take grandma.
1.0 It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie.
0.625 Even those who don't buy in completely to Mundruczo's parable will be impressed by his canine crowd scenes, staged with ambition, skill and genuinely original vision.
0.625 Intriguing, but the movie's larger statement isn't clear.
0.75 Rarely does a film's execution achieve or even exceed its director's ambitions, but Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's "White God" is that rare movie.
0.75 White God is a feat of practical filmmaking...
0.8 What holds Kornel Mundruczo's scrappy film all together is its fierce and forceful political metaphor: society's underdogs - be it ethnic minorities, the poor, the disenfranchised - if pushed too far, will bite back (in this case literally).
0.65 Milo and Otis by way of The Birds by way of I Spit On Your Grave.
0.75 This is fascinating to watch on a purely elemental level, as Mundruczo employs creative smoke-and-mirrors to make once cute dogs seem like menacing terrors.
0.9 ... there is much to admire in this near exceptional film, and I guarantee you will be fully invested in the two leads.
0.875 Imagine an "R" rated Lassie by way of Spartacus. That's Kornel Mundruczo's White God, a brutal but stirring fantasy about street dogs rising up against cruel and indifferent humans.
0.75 A rousing creature-feature thriller and political allegory, from Hungarian director Kornel Mundrucz.
0.75 Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo downplays White God as a "genre experiment," but his film has real bite regardless.
0.8 Somewhere between the future shock allegories of the '70s and their TV spin-offs circa The ABC Movie of the Week lies White God.
0.7 The screen teems with vitality and energy whenever the dogs return to center stage.
0.7 Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart.
0.875 Director Kornel Mundruczo goes big with allegory, violence, drama and sentiment, and the results are riveting.
0.4 Imagine a gritty version of the 'Simpsons' episode where Santa's Little Helper runs away and becomes a scary fighting mutt - shorn of the Laddie subplot, alas.
0.75 Striking, grim, darkly funny at times. But who, exactly, is going to want to watch a movie built around graphic dog abuse?
0.8 A poignant Hungarian parable about the terrible things that can happen when there is no reverence for dogs as fellow companions.
0.5 It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery.
0.8 Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth.
0.8 Director Kornel Mundruczo's staging of the scenes in which the dogs take to the streets is breathtaking.
1.0 White God is perhaps the greatest dog movie made without CGI.
1.0 White God isn't for everyone. But it is an unflinching, extraordinary piece of film-making.
0.8 A beautiful and bizarre film that veers between gritty realism and haunting fantasy, and from a human perspective to a dog's-eye-view of the world.
0.8 Superbly acted allegorical drama with a climax that is not only breathtakingly exciting but flawlessly handled.
0.6 This is an entertaining, technically accomplished work, but unlike the 1982 Samuel Fuller race-relations thriller which the title references, its set-up ultimately proves distracting.
0.6 White God is an ambitious and thrilling, if a little uneven, canine-centric drama.
0.8 Who let the dogs out? This is Homeward Bound: The Incredibly Harrowing Journey ...
0.8 This powerful Hungarian drama features the Al Pacino of dog actors.
0.8 Mundruczo skillfully weaves adventure, coming-of-age, prison-escape and revenge-thriller tropes into a mythic, emotional and visceral experience that poses moral questions about how people treat animals and how people treat people.
0.75 A broad but often poignant allegory of oppression, it's like the beautiful puppy of Au Hasard Balthazar and The Plague Dogs.
0.8 A sort of apocalyptic fable in which the maltreatment of lowly animals becomes a potent metaphor for everything from immigration to the abuse of power ...
0.8 It is a fantasia of canine madness that looks sometimes like a horror-thriller based on something by James Herbert or Stephen King - and sometimes like a tribute to Hitchcock's The Birds. Except that this time it's The Dogs.
0.8 The fantasy elements are so seamlessly blended with real elements. There is very little disbelief by the characters, and you want to believe yourself by the end.
0.6 Apart from the ecofriendly message, we have, as always, Miyazaki's magnificently inventive animation, which is almost enough to carry the day.
0.6 There's still plenty of gorgeous eye-candy to keep adults going if they've taken their kids along for some unthreatening entertainment.
0.8 Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie.
0.8 A sweet love story about a boy and his fish, Ponyo is a weird yet wonderful children's fantasy, and marks another milestone in the career of Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 His antediluvian underwater creatures are gorgeous, a world removed from Finding Nemo, his sweeping tides and smashing tsunamis are a patchwork of colour and technique.
0.81 That rare children's movie that actually taps into the unique imaginative power of a child's mind.
0.6 Though far from Studio Ghibli's best film, Ponyo is still a magical experience.
0.875 Significantly, Miyazaki creates realistic, valid and memorably attractive characters, such as the heroic-vulnerable-patient-nurturing-tough mother, Tina Fey.
0.9 While the animation in Ponyo is simplistic, even crude by many people's standards, there is no denying the film's dazzling color palette, masterful attention to detail and dizzying imagination.
0.4 Shouldn't an anime' auteur of Hayao Miyazaki's stature avoid a story about a sea creature interacting with a human child? Isn't that "Finding Nemo?"
0.8 Doesn't commit itself to mining our deeper feelings, and as such it feels much more geared to younger viewers; but with that comes dazzling displays of drawn and painted visuals, full of color, life.
0.4 Though Ponyo contains images so haunting that it's hard to dismiss altogether, this is one of Miyazaki's feeblest efforts.
0.7 While it continually stimulates our imagination, it's a little too odd to really resonate.
0.8 Perfect family entertainment with a subtle environmental message.
0.8 Miyazaki's back, and still a force of nature. A weird, wonderful aquatic romp, Ponyo is also a meditation on the state of this blue planet. Catch it.
0.8 We're drawn under the waves of the sea to a hidden enclave of neon-hued aqualife more vibrant, surreal and enchanting than any of the floating 3D whatsits in 'Avatar'.
0.8 A fantastic looking, inventive and well-acted children's film, but a children's film nonetheless - and that's all it was ever intended to be.
0.8 As usual, Miyazaki treads a thin line between intuitive, unshackled fantasy and simply seeming to makes things up as he goes along, but there is never a dull moment in the film's imagery.
0.8 An arresting work from an unmistakable film-making personality.
0.8 A simple tale, less freighted by foreboding than Miyazaki's recent output. In any case, storytelling is less important to him than mood or texture. His films are dream waltzes, all liquid motion and mysterious turbulences.
0.8 Ponyo is The Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Fantasia, all wrapped up in one fin-tastic movie, and guaranteed to hold the attention of the most CG-addled five year old.
0.8 Bar the climactic dip, another Ghibli charmer that finds story, subject matter and style in freewheeling harmony. You haven't seen the sea until you've seen it through Miyazaki's goggles.
0.8 This is a million miles away from the garish and crude cartoons that American studios often churn out, and serves as a reminder that animated films can be imaginative, enchanting and exciting while still telling a sweet, good-hearted story.
0.8 [Miyazaki's] dream-like visuals which sparkle in the deep blue sea.
0.8 Absurdly delightful, a prestidigitation of line and colour.
0.6 No animator captures the movement of tides and the deep physics of the sea as lyrically as Miyazaki, and the story's themes of rejuvenation and ecological balance carry a highly topical edge.
0.8 It may be a feelgood story but it's the stunning animation and the director's imagination that take the eye.
1.0 If you want to see something suitable for all ages that will dazzle you sideways and remind you of the awesome power of animation done right, you should see this.
1.0 Be bold enough to watch someone color outside the lines on purpose
0.8 The underwater scenes are as rich and teeming as Miyazaki's boundless imagination; little Ponyo in her human form, joyfully wobbling around on her newly sprouted legs, is a pure delight.
0.8 Beautifully animated, utterly charming adventure with a strong voice cast, delightful characters and an emotionally engaging, if bonkers, storyline.
0.9 Ponyo is a delight, so long as you accept it for what it is... an empowering, completely upbeat wonder-tale.
0.75 Minor Miyazaki to be sure, this film pales in comparison to many of his recent features.
0.75 Miyazaki refuses to be dismissed
0.8 lacks any real sense of conflict or danger. It makes up for it. . . with a delightfully absurd internal logic that is perfectly keyed into the way small children see the world
0.5 Hayao Miyazaki is off his game with this film that has weaker art and animation than his usual films and a script that needed another draft or two.
0.5 Ponyo is something of a disappointment. Leaving aside the plot deficiencies and storytelling awkwardness, Mr. Miyazaki's latest simply doesn't look good.
0.8 Miyazaki effortlessly combines the marvellous and the mundane in his cinema. Visually, Ponyo is an imaginative, exhilarating work, but its vigour and energy are achieved with surprising simplicity.
0.8 It is a delight, this film. There is so much imagination at work here.
0.8 Miyazaki has come up with another memorable film in Ponyo, which is roughly inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid... it's incredibly beautiful as Miyazaki explores an amazing world of sea creatures and human beings.
0.8 It's one of Miyazaki's funniest and most intimate films so far, partly because of the engaging matter-of-factness with which he marries the extravagantly fantastic with the comforting realities of everyday life.
1.0 Lately, when I want to smile, I just think of Ponyo.
1.0 Heralds a return to the child-like wonder of Miyazaki's enduring My Neighbor Totoro. And what do you know? It's another masterpiece.
0.75 Compared to the animated garbage that typically passes through stateside theaters, it's practically a godsend.
1.0 The sight of the giddy and newly bipedal Ponyo racing atop the waves of a magically roiling flood may be the happiest and most memorable image of the movie year.
0.8 The film's pleasures are immensely simple, but this does not make them less real or wonderful.
0.75 The film's joys are numerous, and most of them are small and simple. To start with, the animation -- all hand-drawn -- is simply breathtaking.
0.625 I sure like Miyazaki's visual style, but could he for once make a movie that actually made sense? Or have realistic characters, like a mother who wouldn't leave her 5 year alone during an extremely dangerous storm?
0.875 ..something like Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid - if Nemo and Ariel had gotten together to ingest some new variety of aquatic shrooms.
1.0 Ponyo towers over this summer of empty toy-related blockbusters. It will end up as one of the best films in American release this year.
0.875 For those who love 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke,' as I do, here's another Hayao Miyazaki tale of friendship and fantasy.
0.8 Visually stunning, it's a fantastical, enchanting charmer that's bound to delight children and adults alike.
0.7 Not the spectacle that Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away are, Ponyo's beautiful, hand-drawn storybook pastels, mesmerising swirls of colourful action and sweet message of friendship are a gentle delight.
0.75 His twisted version of Finding Nemo meets Splash, the movie won't go down as one of his best, but it's still better than 90 percent of animation out there.
0.9 Some may find it too childish, but the movie's innocence is infectious, and Miyazaki's artistry utterly transporting.
0.9 In a Summer of senseless mayhem and underwhelming efforts, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is majestic. It easily matches (and in many cases, surpasses) the best the genre has to offer.
0.4 Probably the most saccarine horror film I've seen in years.
0.6 Trippy in the right way, and wholly enchanting.
0.875 This exquisite pastel-colored, eye-popping example of hand-drawn animation is still very Japanese, aimed most specifically at children around the world -- but with a storytelling sophistication that adults will savor.
0.5 Miyazaki's artwork can be lovely -- and the delicate, watery colors of Ponyo are particularly well done -- but he's still a slave to the genre's peculiar traditions.
1.0 Five minutes into this magical film you'll be making lists of the individuals of every age you can expose to the very special mixture of fantasy and folklore, adventure and affection, that make up the enchanted vision of Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki.
0.6 Ponyo is a visually arresting work by an anime master, and both cute enough and suspenseful enough to keep pre-schoolers in their seats.
0.875 You watch a Miyazaki film with the pie-eyed, gape-mouthed awe of a child being read the most fantastic story and suddenly transported to places previously beyond the limits of imagination. It's quite a trip.
0.8 'Ponyo' is a worthy piece of work from an artist who takes his work and his audience seriously.
0.875 Miyazaki works marvels. Sit back and behold.
0.75 As beautiful as Ponyo is to the eye, the movie -- thanks in part to a spotty English-language adaptation -- is sometimes a bit grating to the ear and confusing to the brain.
0.75 It's very much a charming kids' film, created by a master of animation.
1.0 The 68-year-old filmmaker shows that he's at the peak of his skills, both as a visual artist and a storyteller.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki's magical Ponyo blends fantasy with just a drop of reality, and the result is irresistible.
0.875 A bright tale of wonder and connection, Ponyo is a reminder that a G rating needn't be a "little kid" designation.
0.75 Disney has done an unusually fine job of Americanizing Ponyo with a delicate script by "E.T." writer Melissa Mathison and warm, expressive voice work. Now, I just hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears.
0.625 The film is visually stunning, however, with a A-list cast of voices that include Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, and Tina Fey.
0.75 It's a wonderful place that Miyazaki creates, an alternatively sweet and savage world that defies physics and common sense, as imaginative and impossible in its own way as Jules Verne's sci-fi fantasies or Maurice Sendak's animal kingdom.
0.6 Those who consider Miyazaki a filmmaking master will probably consider this another one of his masterpieces.
0.8 Miyazaki's stunning adventure is geared to younger kids.
0.85 The type of glorious filmmaking and storytelling that should appeal to everyone ... a wonderful and magical film that should be seen and enjoyed as a family.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki proves that he is not only a master animator but also a master storyteller. Ponyo is easily one of the best films -- animated or live action -- of the year.
0.85 Sometimes it's enough to just sit back and let a beautiful work of animation wash over you, letting the troubles of the world slide past as the pictures take you out of this world. Ponyo is just that sort of film.
0.9 When the ocean rises in this wonderful movie, each leaping wave stares out at us with a baleful eye as if in watchful and worried wait.
0.875 Wondrous, weird, and sweetly innocent, Ponyo is a tale bursting with love, which is recommendation enough for the young and the young at heart.
0.75 you get a psychedelic, visually stunning film with a Japanese flavor, instead of one with pop culture flavor (and no talking dogs or balloons).
0.825 A magical, uplifting and visually stunning film that's exhilarating for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.75 Even though Ponyo is not one of Miyazaki's great masterpieces (at least from a narrative perspective), it is so beautiful and immersive that it's hard to imagine grown ups not losing themselves in it.
0.7 Ponyo will sure make you long for the days of hand-drawn animation.
0.7 Accompanying adults will likely find themselves just as enthralled as their little ones.
1.0 "Ponyo" is the kind of dazzling cinematic experience that will resonate in the hearts and minds of anyone who sees it for a long time afterwards.
0.875 A good number of Miyazaki's fans will be disappointed by what looks like a step back, but the relaxed simplicity of the new film eventually works its effortless magic.
1.0 We are truly dealing with a master.
0.875 With its ever-shifting world and palpable sense of magic, Ponyo captures the wonder of being a child.
0.75 Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good.
0.6 A charming and enchanting mystical fairy tale about a goldfish who becomes a girl and a little boy who loves her and introduces her with pride to his world of wonders.
0.6 A loose adaptation of The Little Mermaid that's full of fantastic visuals and genuine whimsy, but a little lax when it comes to plot logic or meaningful themes.
0.75 A lovely and unique feast for the eyes and the heart.
0.75 If you've never experienced a Miyazaki movie, here's your chance to try one. Come on in. The water's fine.
0.75 Nothing in the great animation of a Miyazaki movie stays cute for long. Not the ocean, not the trees, not the critters that live in them. Change is constant but rarely natural.
0.7 comes from a great line of Miyazaki heroines
1.0 Fable, emotion and psychology merge in a fairy-tale brew that will hold children rapt and engage the better angels of adults.
0.9 I feel like I need a second viewing for full absorption.
0.875 Ponyo isn't quite as memorable as some of Miyazaki's previous works, but it's a magical experience that's far superior to most animated offerings.
1.0 This poetic, visually breathtaking work by the greatest of all animators has such deep charm that adults and children will both be touched. It's wonderful and never even seems to try: It unfolds fantastically.
0.8 Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones.
1.0 ...a sweetly lovable and visually trippy movie that young tots and their parents can enjoy in equal measure.
0.6 What held in the animator's previous films as eccentrically multifaceted dream logic comes off for once as a series of non sequiturs -- but really, why complain while sucking on an Everlasting Gobstopper of eye candy?
0.8 Charming, amusing and firmly anchored in a child's point of view, this movie from the master animator of Spirited Away makes a great introduction to that acquired-taste style of filmmaking.
0.6 See this film if you're looking to immerse yourself in a sense of delight over the simple wonders of a child's world.
0.8 With a starry, first-rate voice cast and the shortened name, this Disney-fied version remains a magnificent animation wonder and a pure delight.
0.625 Until its fizzle of a finale, Ponyo, Hayao Miyazaki's latest artisanally-crafted anime daydream, brims forth with an appealingly willy-nilly inventiveness pitched to a child's sense of wonder.
0.6 The level of "why the heck not?" enthusiasm that Bava and Argento evidently sank into this second chapter is addictive in the same way that a sugar rush can be.
0.375 ...an even less interesting piece of work than its mediocre predecessor...
0.6 ... often laughable and unintentionally funny, but also -- surprisingly quite scary in some scenes.
0.8 Arty and scary horror flick.
0.6 Doesn't even compare to the original, but the blood and guts make it passable entertainment.
0.4 If you dug the first one, you'll probably enjoy about 30% of the sequel.
1.0 Great Olivier performance and direction.
0.8 Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made.
0.8 A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda.
0.8 The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation.
0.8 A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema.
0.8 The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film.
0.5 If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co
1.0 A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage.
1.0 Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date.
0.8 A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art.
1.0 That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others.
1.0 Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance.
1.0 Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently.
0.8 Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
0.78 Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
0.9 An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
1.0 And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
0.875 Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
0.8 At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
1.0 A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
0.8 An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
0.8 Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
0.8 Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
1.0 Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
0.8 At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
1.0 Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
0.875 It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
0.4 Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
1.0 Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
0.8 More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
0.0 ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
1.0 Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
0.625 I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
0.6 Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
0.4 Goofy enough to be enjoyed on its own merits, but the "MST3k" version is pure gold.
0.5 Creaky, old-hat, and forgettable.
0.4 Erratic effort by master Hitchcock.
0.625 When you think 'Polish sightseeing destination,' Auschwitz probably isn't the first place that comes to mind.
0.8 Szabo's film - co-written with Andrea Veszits - is concerned with the way in which, after a major switch in a political system, there is a period in which it takes people time to find their voices.
0.4 Barthes' film succeeds in depicting a woman in 19th century France for whom "life is a disappointment", but fails to explore why she might behave differently from countless other people with the same lament.
0.6 The first half is shot almost like a horror, all oppressive rumbling clouds and lashing of mist and shot of her back, suffocating corset laced up like a spine.
0.75 An affecting, very intelligent work, done with an eye for realism and a heart for the lonely, insulted and injured.
0.8 Engaging, low-budget German drama with a strong script and a heart-breaking central performance from Eva Lobau.
0.8 For a first film, it's accomplished; for a college project, it's astonishing.
0.7 A very well put together slice of life story showing us a character that always feels one hundred percent realistic.
0.4 The movie makes the audience, like many of the other characters in the movie, simply want to get rid of her.
0.6 With friends like this, you'd swear off friends for life.
0.625 It's impossible not to emphasize with [the main character]...
0.75 A fun and very creepy zombie comedy that works because it's so damn ridiculous...
0.6 The concept gets a weird but intriguing workout.
0.625 While this twisty thriller sometimes borders on the pretentious, it's an auspicious debut by writer-director Martin Koolhoven.
0.66 Reminiscent of exactly the sort of "important war movie" Hollywood makes.
1.0 ...among the greatest war films ever made. Rich in humanist themes and absolutely unflinching in its depiction of the moral chaos and physical violence of war.
1.0 Lu Chuan makes this feature film soar by telling the story both through the eyes of the Japanese occupiers and the defenseless Chinese civilians in the ancient capital. It makes the savagery all the more senseless.
0.875 Exquisitely shot in black and white, with a rare attention to detail and dramatic complexity, "City of Life and Death" is a timelessly great film that commands our collective attention.
0.875 In almost any form, the story of the Nanking atrocities can leave you profoundly shaken. But Lu Chuan's version may be the most compassionate and emotionally satisfying treatment to date.
0.75 There is real beauty in its effort to comprehend the incomprehensible.
1.0 Lu tells the heartbreaking, nearly unbearable story with compassion, controlled fury and unflinching realism.
0.8 Despite a puzzling, ridiculously benign view of Japanese sex slaves, this is a brutal depiction of the bestiality of the Japanese Rape of Nanjing that is long overdue.
1.0 It's a film strong enough to change your life, if you can bear to watch it at all.
1.0 A work of grim art told with relentlessly restless curiosity about the human capacity for survival.
0.75 It's a muscular, physical movie, pieced together from arresting imagery and revelatory gestures, large and small.
0.875 Lu does more with the first 50 minutes than some directors accomplish in 10 movies.
0.875 The most visceral war film since Saving Private Ryan - a portrait of the hopeless in the grasp of a sadistic oppressor.
0.9 Action and ultimate tragedy shot in spectacular black and white. One of the great war films.
0.8 First feature on horrors from the Chinese point of view of the Japanese Rape of Nanking is impressive as...a humanistic epic...of brutal mass executions...by ordinary soldiers.
0.59 Chuan's attempt is certainly admirable in the time and care put towards honoring those at Nanking, but the effort is misguided and its propagandist take feels hollow and disappointing.
0.7 a powerful statement that obviously resonates from deep within Chuan
0.6 A shattering film about the 1937-1938 Nanking massacre and the atrocities committed by Japanese soldiers who treated Chinese soldiers and civilians as subhumans.
0.875 Directed by Lu Chuan, it's a fascinating film, and an unusual entry in the current Chinese cinema.
0.6 One should remember Schindler's List, and the off-putting way beauty hung in the throat alongside evil.
0.8 The horrors it represents can be almost too difficult to watch, yet you keep watching because Mr. Lu makes the case that you must.
0.85 Like a Chinese Schindler's List, it's not an easy film to watch, but it's an important story that needs to be told and remembered.
0.75 The 1937-38 massacres and rapes in conquered Nanking are dramatized with flawed but unflinching horror in this grim, epic lament.
1.0 Possibly the war film of the year, Lu Chuan's picture about the Rape of Nanking has a lacerating immediacy and a true artist's gravity and tact.
0.6 It is not an easy watch -- but it is an impressive acheivement.
0.8 Writer/director Lu Chuan's film tells the whole harrowing story in austere black-and-white, sparing us nothing: the violence is indiscriminate and often horrifyingly casual.
1.0 One of the most powerful films you'll ever see. Literally unforgettable.
0.8 A harrowing, unflinching epic.
1.0 It's a tough watch, but it will leave you stunned in a way that war films don't often manage.
0.6 In shocking but masterly black-and-white images Chuan suggests a smouldering unreal city unhinged by horror.
0.8 Passionate and expertly crafted, this black-and-white opus is well worth seeking out.
0.6 It's not that The Man Who Knew Too Much is necessarily boring, but it lacks that riveting suspense Hitchcock became known for later on in his career.
0.75 In the final analysis, the 1934 and 1956 versions are comparable in quality for different reasons, but the greatest single component of either film can be found in this '34 edition: the great performance by Peter Lorre as a menacing criminal mastermind.
0.75 not a particularly great film, although it is filled with isolated moments of greatness and hints of masterpieces to come
0.8 This is a suberbly structured thriller whose excellence is aided and abetted by a spirited cast.
0.8 Directed with a fascinating staccato violence by Alfred Hitchcock, it is the swiftest screen melodrama this column can recall.
0.4 Ainda refinando as tecnicas que passaria a dominar com perfeicao, Hitchcock cria um filme divertido, mas obviamente falho.
1.0 First and best version of the story.
1.0 [The film] never fails to intrigue you with its great characters and storytelling.
0.5 It's meant to be provocative, but it's muddled and nonsensical, with none of the liveliness or cleverness of its predecessor.
0.8 If the original film flirted with controversy, the sequel has sex with it on the first date.
0.75 I can think of a several samurai films that I prefer to this, but it's still a solid film.
1.0 The greatest movie ever made about warriors and battle.
1.0 The legendary Mifune leads a superb cast, and Kurosawa's kinetic camera keeps the adventure sizzling with energy and wit from start to finish.
1.0 Kurosawa deflates the myth of the noble samurai without actually debunking it, and stages some great action sequences.
1.0 Famous epic with stylish violence and subtitles.
1.0 Synthesizes the traditions of the samurai narrative and the American western to create an intimate epic with deeply felt ground-level consequences. [Blu-ray]
1.0 An enduring classic.
0.625 ...suffers from an absurdly overlong running time that often threatens to negate its more overtly positive attributes...
1.0 Kurosawa's three-hour jidai-geki epic can be counted among the greatest of all battle movies ... a majestic tale of heroism, sacrifice and death.
1.0 The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission.
0.8 Epic, influential adventure about Japanese swordsmen who band together to rescue besieged villagers
1.0 A masterpiece; a timeless classic; one of the greatest movies ever made.
0.6 Impressive and ambitious, but seriously - am I the only person alive who finds it overwrought and patience-testing?
1.0 The Seven Samurai is a brilliant film - the only caveat, in fact, is that the length and the language barrier make it a difficult movie to get through.
1.0 A genuinely entertaining movie with characters we love and characters we love to hate, sensuality and violence, tragic events and laugh out loud moments.
1.0 Seven Samurai is an unforgettable masterpiece -- the work of one of the world's greatest filmmakers at the height of his powers.
0.8 [Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style.
1.0 The touchstone for the entire Samurai genre, as well as the inspiration for several western films . . . it continues to endure because it is an epic, and epics never die
1.0 A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure.
1.0 It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today.
1.0 It's all rollicking good fun, and it's an action film with a lot on its mind.
1.0 A classic of adventure, a story of honor, a tale of a specific time and place that still has universal resonance.
1.0 The archetypal action classic.
1.0 Moves like hot mercury, and it draws a viewer so thoroughly into its world that real life can seem thick and dull when the lights come up.
1.0 On a short list of the greatest films of all time.
1.0 Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai (1954) is not only a great film in its own right, but the source of a genre that would flow through the rest of the century.
0.9 This movie is so successful because of its flawless direction and very balanced combination of powerful human drama and exciting action.
0.875 The action scenes in this movie are virtually unequaled by any other movie in history, even if some of the 'waiting-around' scenes grow tiresome.
1.0 Much imitated, still unsurpassed.
0.94 And it's not just that the story is compelling. It is unforgettable.
0.7 A tip of the hat to Chan for taking a break from his big-budget Hollywood mugging to return to his roots and do what he does best: shake up the streets of Hong Kong.
0.6 Chan se sai muito bem em um papel mais dramatico do que de costume, mas, embora as sequencias de acao sejam eficazes, o filme e longo demais e acaba perdendo o ritmo em varios momentos.
0.875 Rebels of the Neon God still brims with the panache of someone still figuring himself out...
0.89 Tsai's film is steeped in sweaty ennui. Somehow he's managed to capture the humid closeness of city dwelling on celluloid.
0.875 [Rebels of the Neon God] is the director's most accessible film. That will seem like a funny observation once you've seen it, because Tsai's most accessible film is more unusual and uncompromising than any you're likely to see this year.
0.8 Tsai's work sees generational defiance as a symptom of the ennui felt by their young subjects as they drift into adulthood, and Rebels' unusually sharp focus on that theme makes it an accessible primer.
0.7 Its relatively conventional approach (including a recurring musical theme!) doesn't obscure the beautiful, enigmatic tone that's long set Tsai apart.
0.875 Tsai Ming-liang's debut makes one yearn for an alternative reality where it, not Pulp Fiction, became the beacon of '90s independent filmmaking.
1.0 Using very little camera movement and a good deal of humor, pathos, and rained out cityscapes, the director crafts an enjoyable, fast-paced, but still poignant, look at modern loneliness.
0.7 well-written, well-directed and well-acted genre film
0.8 Um inteligente drama policial que se preocupa mais com o desenvolvimento de seus personagens (e com as relacoes entre estes) do que com tiroteios e reviravoltas.
0.6 Far too light on action to be very exciting, and far too generic and familiar to be genuinely intriguing, Infernal Affairsis ultimately a forgettable affair.
1.0 Everything you'd want in a police action thriller: powerhouse performances, Grade A production values, a good script and suspenseful direction.
0.8 Solid character-centric piece that's more interested in psychology than in gritty action sequences.
0.875 ...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy.
0.7 I appreciated the filmmakers' conviction to keep the story as gutsy as possible. The film doesn't flinch.
0.875 Beauty in its consistent, washed-out blues and silvers, grace in its understated, intense male performances and energy in its unyielding commitment to tone and tension.
0.75 What makes it special is the inner turmoil caused by living a lie. If everyone you know and everything you do for 10 years indicates you are one kind of person, and you know you are another, how do you live with that?
0.875 A blistering thriller and an intelligent character study and a comic take-off on the conventions of thrillers.
0.8 This is the type of movie Asian action fans talk about when they say they love the genre.
0.8 The twists offered in Infernal Affairs ... take the genre to enthralling new heights, guaranteeing that any future such efforts will have an entirely new bar for which to aim.
0.875 A beautifully crafted, exciting story that keeps on surprising you to the very end.
0.875 Infernal Affairs is the combustible Hong Kong fever dream that would emerge from a night spent watching Heat and Donnie Brasco back to back.
0.6 Skilfully directed by cinematographer Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Infernal Affairs has the feel of a made-for-prime-time U.S. police thriller.
0.5 A great cop yarn.
1.0 Asia is seizing another of our taken-for-granted, creatively neglected staples, the cop movie, and again shows us how relevant and entertaining it can be when given proper respect.
0.75 The performances and plot make it worth seeing, and the film presents a valuable opportunity to sample the original while we wait for what will surely be a must-see remake.
0.6 A high tension police drama set in Hong Kong where the operations of both the police and crime syndicates are hobbled by moles within their organizations.
0.75 It offers a fairly fresh variation on a done-to-death genre.
0.6 Even when the film is in danger of getting bogged down in its own complications, the hard-boiled poetry of its images is arresting.
0.75 It overflows with psychological intrigue, something often missing from such offerings.
0.75 A consistently engrossing thriller.
0.875 The movie's engine is the relationships and the characters' inner lives, all of it boiling with emotional intensity.
0.75 It's hard to resist the charismatic teaming of Tony Leung and Andy Lau as a cop and a criminal wearing like hats for cross purposes.
0.75 This is a real grabber.
0.6 It's a cop movie that's constantly trying to convince you it's not just a cop movie
0.875 This is a movie that gets its hooks into you early, and no chance is it letting go.
0.7 Gritty and noirish
0.5 Infernal Affairs could be the syllabus for "The Effects of Michael Mann, Tony Scott, and the American Police Procedural on Asian Cinema."
0.6 It's refreshing enough to make up for its occasional missteps in the storytelling department.
0.9 ... furiously paced, full of drama, and as tense as elevator cable ...
0.875 This stripped-down noir, about a pair of detectives leading undercover lives, signals a new era for Hong Kong filmmaking.
0.7 Don't let the title fool you. Instead of a hit piece on Michael Moore's politics, Wilson examines his techniques, particularly the dishonest approaches he uses in filmmaking.
0.4 Wilson parece ser uma boa pessoa (e Jillette e sempre genial), mas o filme comete muitos dos mesmos erros atribuidos a Moore (que merece, sim, uma reprimenda publica).
0.75 Wilson makes it clear that he doesn't share Moore's political beliefs, but the film isn't about ideology as much as accountability. The theme is: How does he get away with it?
0.5 ...probably Miike's most accomplished and coherent effort - though it's still suffering from a whole host of problems.
0.875 a poignant, even tragic portrait of the nature of sacrifice
0.8 70's Samurai action ... mixes drama and historical relevance with the mostly two-dimensional villains and wholesale slaughter that you'd expect from a good chop-sake' film.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.5 This is an affair to forget.
0.75 Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it's worth.
0.625 Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches.
0.5 There are a few quality moments, but this fairy tale is far from enchanting.
0.5 Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill.
0.625 Attal doesn't illuminate Vincent's motives for straying, and unwisely suggests Vincent's philandering and Gabrielle's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent.
0.75 In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord, Yvan Attal's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife.
0.875 Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say, 'I do,' marriage is all child's play: jealousy, lies and pure, unconditional love. Perplexing, but not a bad option.
0.5 There's nothing much wrong with the film; my complaint is that there's nothing much right about it.
0.75 The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland, mistranslated title. But the filmmaking? Very exciting.
0.75 Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood, using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions.
0.875 Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close.
0.75 This is a fetching piece of work, both comical and savvy, and Gainsborough's brisk, forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity.
0.875 A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward.
0.5 The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she's been given to play.
0.6 Like the story, the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose, fluid and intent on discovery; it lets characters' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure.
0.625 None of these men, unfortunately, is a very compelling character.
0.5 Attal's characters are one-note position statements, which forces the unsubtle soundtrack...to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings.
0.625 There's little you haven't seen in any number of French flicks, but then, most of them didn't have Gainsbourg.
0.875 This is terrific filmmaking.
0.5 Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker's previous My Wife Is An Actress.
0.6 A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends.
0.55 Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle [Charlotte Gainsbourg] are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men.
0.6 Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters.
0.5 The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances.
0.75 Part detective story, part coming of political age saga, and all teenage identity crisis.
0.625 At every step, Cautiva is a noble, thoughtful effort. Too bad it's so often a dull one.
0.4 If Biraben had devoted more energy to the human contours of his story, its metaphorical implications would have sorted themselves out.
0.625 The Argentine thriller Cautiva features a solid performance by 23-year-old Barbara Lombardo that goes a long way in making up for the telenovela script.
0.75 The debut feature of Gaston Biraben, Cautiva is most potent in its first hour, as it bears witness to the disorientation and distrust experienced by a young girl whose life is suddenly turned upside down.
0.5 Another mediocre Argentinean film to ride into town on a wave of inexplicable critical approval.
0.4 Sporadically artful yet stupefyingly dull -- there are some segments that are so beautiful and monotonous that they very nearly hypnotise us...into a coma.
0.7 A finely wrought coming-of-age drama that crackles with political tension...
0.75 Cautiva makes us question the things we take for granted.
0.7 This powerful film in the New Directors/New Films Series about a girl's alienation is also an attempt to grapple with the horrors of Argentina's recent history.
0.7 These elements come together to form a movie that is clinically ironic but also unique, inspired, and quite sublime.
1.0 This minimalist, digital-video-shot film has its own cinematic flash and thunder, and does things only movies can do.
0.25 After about an hour, the novelty wears off, and you're aching to see an actual animal and real shrubs. After two hours, you feel disappointed when you realize that this wouldn't even make a good play. After three hours, it's downright infuriating.
1.0 Bold stylistic decisions reinforce the themes of the narrative, while a strong story and convincing performances prove equal to the task of carrying such an extended running time.
0.8 'Rich with meaning or a sublime prank, Dogville gets to you.'
0.875 [Von Trier] portrays intense evil to make us wonder at the resilience and generosity of Grace, that 'alabaster' saint who exemplifies her name ... to a point.
0.3 never manages to be more than a belabored shaggy dog story
0.75 aesthetically sparse and thematically audacious, the searing work of a genuine provocateur
0.9 A masterpiece.
0.5 Fails to meet the expectations of its own conceit.
1.0 It's the best stage play you've ever attended, and you feel as if you're right in the middle of it.
0.4 Fascinating for a while but, in the end, just sleep-inducing.
0.5 Says everything it wants to say early on, but then repeats it all endlessly.
0.5 Von Trier aims to hold a mirror up to America's mistreatment of its own people -- but he ends up revealing more about his own abhorrence for the people watching his movies.
0.75 You get the feeling that von Trier, up on his soapbox, couldn't find it in his heart to make some necessary cuts. He should have thrown his ego to the dogs.
1.0 It's a tough sit through tough questions.
0.8 ...an experience that's both grueling and, in its way, glorious.
0.625 Lars von Trier is probably a genius. This doesn't stop him from being a jerk.
0.75 This examination of selfishness, xenophobia and the human ability to rationalize acts of horror may have audience members squirming not with outrage but recognition...
0.625 Exasperating and nearly three-hour blend of stagecraft and sermonizing.
0.6 You can loathe Dogville because it represents the basest ideas of human greed and cruelty, but you can't deny that it makes those ideas feel frighteningly real.
0.875 Dogville is irrevocably a movie of our times.
1.0 Singular and unforgettable -- the work of a brilliant crackpot.
0.75 Kidman, in a performance as emotionally stark as any she's ever given, makes Grace's journey achingly real, even though everything around her is deliberately artificial.
1.0 The daring, artistic brilliance of Dogville far outshines any negative interpretation we may have of the work. It's to be praised for inspiring varying interpretations and generating debate.
1.0 You don't so much enjoy watching it as you simply appreciate the genius that went into its creation.
0.6 Von Trier's vision is amazingly thorough and exquisitely executed, but the audience may feel executed as well.
0.9 A beautifully written, filmed and acted movie.
0.25 Dogville is most depressing because Trier promises two more, for his American trilogy. Lars, enough already.
0.5 A punishing film to sit through, and its rewards may well depend on how much credit you wish to give von Trier for doing something different. Because, for better or worse, Dogville is unlike anything else you'll see on screens this year.
1.0 Nearly as powerful as Von Trier's Dancer in the Dark.
0.875 Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker.
0.75 von Trier sustains his film through nearly three hours with consummate artistry, before suddenly going one step too far with his controversial closing credits.
0.75 Has more emotional distance than Breaking the Waves or Dancer in the Dark
0.875 Sarcastic humor, inventive staging and a brutal story combine to give Dogville the force of a bonfire, incendiary and beautiful.
1.0 Dogville is a love-it-or- hate-it experience, but one that will fill a large space in any viewer's imagination.
0.875 Sure it's anti-American but it's also anti-Hollywood and that makes Dogville edgy, thought-provoking, and daringly original.
0.6 A novel curiosity by a pretentious talent creating symbolic characters that defy credibility, but Kidman's range of collaborative flexibility is a thing of beauty.
0.875 Unapologetically cynical, miraculously imaginative, and sumptuously beautiful, Dogville is a thought-provoking time at the movies.
0.875 Dogville is another round of brazen disrespect from cinema's baddest boy. But the movie, despite its ultimate nuttiness, has a quiet, consuming power that sneaks up on you and doesn't go away.
0.5 Philosophy and politics aside, von Trier has forgotten to make a movie worth watching, create a single sympathetic character or write dialogue that isn't prattle.
1.0 This is a seriously important film and a huge achievement.
0.5 Dogville can be defended and even praised on pure ideological grounds, but most moviegoers, even those who are sophisticated and have open minds, are going to find it a very dry and unsatisfactory slog through conceits masquerading as ideas.
0.875 Imagine if Jesus Christ came to die for our sins only to discover we weren't worth the trouble.
0.75 A tenacious, brutal drama that dares you to turn your back.
0.5 Life is too short for three hours of misanthropy and misogyny.
0.75 Though certainly a failure in some respects, Dogville may be the most fascinating, richly accomplished screw-up you'll see all year.
0.7 As the core character, Kidman delivers a restraint performance, undercutting the script's didacticism and literal mindedness.
0.75 Dogville isn't for everyone, but there's some intellectually stimulating conversation fodder for those with the patience to navigate the film's rough terrain.
0.4 Pretentious, conceited, and terribly longwinded, Lars von Trier's Dogville is unappealing and horribly depressing.
0.8 Brutally masterful allegory.
0.4 I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it.
0.0 ... an experimental film that went as badly as one of my high school chemistry labs.
1.0 Who but von Trier could make such a film? Who else would dare?
0.7 Chapter 10, in which we realize we just sat watching a movie for 3 hours that's a little pretentious but didn't really mind - that says something.
1.0 It stalks silently, stark with its minimalism at first, and then pounces unexpectedly with an overwhelming wash of emotion like a rabid animal, with sharp piercing teeth.
1.0 Shocks, galvanizes, and exhilarates.
0.5 A satanic "Our Town."
0.7 This brilliantly acted film is a highly stylized, surprisingly successful experiment that sits somewhere between theater and cinema.
0.875 A stunning display of a filmmaker adventuring on the far side of what's possible.
0.75 Brilliant and infuriating, wise and naive, outrageous yet unforgettable.
0.2 The story's length, lack of sets, music, or a focused story combine to make one of the most excruciatingly dull cinematic experiences I can remember.
1.0 What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind.
1.0 A simple tale, told so well while being so revealing. There are many reasons why it shouldn't work, but because it does, it feels magical.
0.75 Darkly funny, intellectually challenging and obliquely didactic.
1.0 Challenging, dramatic, provocative.
0.875 Von Trier, light years from the formula doggerel at the multiplex, delivers something rare these days: a film of ideas.
0.6 While you watch the movie, it can seem ridiculously long-winded. But once it's over, its characters' miserable faces remain etched in your memory, and its cynical message lingers.
1.0 An audaciously original feat of allegorical story.telling, one of those visionary achievements that stirs moviegoers into a fury and goes on to define a decade.
1.0 Movie pop art is enjoying a renaissance, of which Lars von Trier's savagely cathartic Dogville is the consummate centerpiece
0.5 Lars von Trier's peculiar compulsion to humiliate his heroines has finally crescendoed to a deafening din of indiscriminate, exasperating martyrdom.
0.25 Running a painfully long three hours, Dogville is pretentious with a capital 'P.'
0.4 ...engages us on [a] gut level, and asks us to shut off our minds in the meanwhile.
1.0 It really is a masterpiece-von Trier's first, as it happens.
0.3 Don't waste your money on this one.
0.94 As deeply insightful as it is deeply disturbing, Dogville will challenge you both intellectually and emotionally. The first great film of '04.
0.8 Daunting, non-naturalistic and bold.
0.875 Utterly engrossing.
0.8 with von Trier holding the leash this moral fable of bordertown corruption and biblical vengeance manages to grip the viewer with its ferocious bite.
1.0 Maddening, challenging and audacious, Dogville is an unlikely masterpiece.
0.8 For all the ideas being examined, it works as a compelling drama too, and the acting is excellent.
1.0 Nao deixe de assistir a esta obra-prima. Nao e sempre que o Cinema produz algo assim.
1.0 Uncompromising filmmaking that's both artistic and powerfully entertaining.
1.0 Without a doubt one of the most brilliant films I have had the chance to experience.
0.92 A brilliant tale of intellectual awakening.
1.0 Make of the provocation what you will, but don't miss this completely unique and extraordinary movie by one of the world's most adventurous directors on top of his game.
0.9 An innovatively staged parable about a fear-based American community in the 1930s who demonstrate greed, hatred and small-mindedness in their treatment of a stranger.
0.6 Going from a story as fanciful as Dancer in the Dark to the stripped setting of Dogville is certainly bold, it's too bad the reward is so anti-climactic
0.7 Savage and compelling, even if von Trier's political ends (this being the first in a proposed trilogy about America) are too murky and caustic for the film to seem fully realized.
0.5 ...[an] overlong running time (three hours!) and inexplicably odd behavior among characters does the film in.
0.75 Dogville is not a cry of rage against America -- it's a cry of rage against all mankind. It demands to be seen but not to be loved.
1.0 This acerbic "illustration" of a small town's curious notions of entitlement unspools as a Christian allegory by way of Mark Twain or Dr. Seuss.
0.9 It's precisely [this] arrogance that makes von Trier such a dynamic force in modern filmmaking.
1.0 Reopens our eyes to the cruelties and soul assassinations that were carried out daily in the name of state socialism.
0.875 The scope is especially impressive given that the movie is about a society obsessively focused on the tiniest of details.
1.0 Activism proves tough on people who've thrived at their political patrons' blessings, and one character cruelly chooses a path of least resistance when the chips are down. A cataclysmic conclusion depicts political clamps on expression and emotion.
0.9 A truly unforgettable movie.
0.9 Not since Francis Ford Coppola's masterful The Conversation has there been a thriller quite like this.
1.0 The Lives of Others is a powerful but quiet film, constructed of hidden thoughts and secret desires.
0.8 Actually one of the most optimistic stories I've watched in a long while.
1.0 a mesmerizing, heartbreaking thriller
0.8 Una notable mirada a la vida bajo un regimen opresivo, en este caso la RDA de 1984. Sorprendente debut del director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, con excelente elenco y calidad narrativa.
0.8 Few films have dared paint East Germany and its legions of demons in such honest and unsparing detail. Von Donnersmarck puts a pickaxe into the past.
0.75 Reels us in and keeps us engaged.
0.8 This fierce and gloomy drama, written and directed by first-timer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, was a notable winner of this year's best foreign film Oscar.
1.0 ... a moving, enlightening tale of recent times.
1.0 Engaging, gripping and emotionally devastating thriller with a razor-sharp script, taut direction and terrific performances from its three leads. This is one of the best films of the year.
0.8 ... you just cannot help but watch...
1.0 ... when a filmmaker confronts you and makes you truly understand the lives of his characters, that insight takes your breath away.
1.0 ... von Donnersmarck creates a milieu so realistic that the attention-worthy setting becomes just a backdrop, while an intricate tale, as suspenseful as it is humanistic, takes over.
0.93 ...resolved through a couple of endings, one brutal and tragic enough for the old Greeks, the other graceful and uplifting ...
0.8 Good drama it is, and it's drama that raises a lot of questions, but I found it less tense than many.
1.0 Subtle and delightful - please see review.
1.0 Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's film is a melodrama in a minor key, quietly affecting, quietly chilling, quietly quiet. It captures the drab architecture of totalitarianism, the soul-dead buildings of a soul-dead state.
0.875 Will remind some of 'The Conversation,' but a closer if less obvious link is 'Fahrenheit 451': Wiesler is essentially Bradbury's conflicted 'fireman,' Montag, transported from a dystopian science-fiction future to a dystopian historical past.
0.875 Pan's Labyrinth deserved to win the Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar, of course, but the Academy's selection of The Lives of Others hardly qualifies as an outrage.
0.8 Like all great screen performances, Muhe's magic comes out most in its tiniest moments: a raised eyebrow here, a slight upturn of the lips there. It's a triumph of muted grandeur; it's like watching someone being born.
1.0 Offers potent, eye-opening drama, as well as poignant characters that are caught up in a repressive, evil system. It's a movie not to be missed.
1.0 von Donnersmarck makes a breathtaking debut with a gripping and fluid drama that works as political thriller, psychological study and even ... a touching love story.
0.75 Builds tension and develops its characters slowly, and it is surprisingly engrossing.
0.875 Makes you fall for its characters, then turns your stomach as they confront principles and try to maintain moral clarity, confronting Berlin Walls of their own psyches.
0.625 Though likely cathartic for his countrymen, Donnersmarck's airing of German dirty laundry could have used more agitation.
0.875 A cautionary metaphor about the cost of maintaining one's humanity and the transformative powers of art and imagination.
0.875 Its suspense builds on the fragile and nuanced business of emotional rebirth.
0.75 Few would deny that The Lives of Others is true to its self, and in its depiction of human nature -- and human spirit.
0.875 Watch it, and you may get the feeling it's also watching you.
0.8 ...let's hear it for the Academy: They got this one right.
0.75 Von Donnersmarck's story is not without a blatant non-Communist calling card, or even a moment or two of melodrama. But he zeroes in on the value of the individual in an era where such a value was not supposed to exist.
1.0 The most unforgettable, electrifying German film in more than a decade.
1.0 Of the many things that happen in this surprising, sad and astonishing movie, none is more staggering than Wiesler's evolution from lowly bureaucratic beetle to humanist.
0.875 It is Ulrich Muhe's portrayal of Wiesler that makes the film such an impressively humane political thriller. The muted shifts in Wiesler's character suggest that when you truly engage the lives of others, you open yourself to profound change.
0.8 Just from an entertainment standpoint, wondering what decisions the characters will make, and what the consequences might be, makes for edge-of-your-seat tension despite the movie's quietly thoughtful tone.
1.0 An intricately plotted thriller about good people who do bad things and bad people who do good, Lives thrives on the power of historical truth, the excitement of an intelligently imagined yarn and the unpredictability of human behavior.
1.0 The movie becomes more than just a spy thriller; it's a story of an unlikely friendship that turns an enemy into a best friend.
0.9 Helmer/screenwriter Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, making his feature film debut, hits all the right notes here.
1.0 What you're likely to take away from his Oscar-nominated drama in the foreign-language category is a sense of hope that feels neither forced nor sentimental.
1.0 Far and away the richest and most brilliantly acted picture to be released this Oscar season.
1.0 This is an elegant film that deserves to be a classic -- and an Oscar winner.
0.875 A movie of slowly accumulating tension and power, Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's drama -- a foreign language Oscar nominee, with a good shot at winning -- is also a romance between two men, but not the way you think.
1.0 Somber and watchful, like the people whose story it tells, The Lives of Others brilliantly abrades our perception of the 1980s as a time when the only history worth remembering was being made by Wham! and Duran Duran.
1.0 The exceptionally acted film, nominated for a foreign-language Oscar, is an incisive character study, a suspenseful paranoid thriller and a vivid recreation of recent history.
0.875 The Lives of Others works beautifully, both as a social and psychological drama and as a taut, tightly wired thriller.
1.0 A scathing indictment of East Germany's corrupt administration tempered by the very human emotion of the people it touched.
0.75 Scary and realistic ... a much deserved Oscar nominee.
1.0 If this doesn't get the Foreign film Oscar, there's no justice in this World.
0.5 Catnip to audiences who never heard of The Lost Honor of Katharina Blum.
1.0 A disturbingly accurate depiction of a national nightmare that ultimately transcends its immediate political statement to stand as a future classic of the political-thriller genre.
0.625 Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's movie about the stirring of a cold, Communist soul manages to be both painstakingly docudramatic and moistly idealistic at the same time.
0.875 Bleak yet never completely despairing, this superbly acted and richly atmospheric film has a gravitas and thematic complexity that's sadly absent from most contemporary American films.
1.0 Despite its melancholy drama, cynical details and depressing backgrounds, The Lives of Others is both an unflinching look back at that nation's past, and a hopeful glance forward to its future.
0.875 The skillfully acted and directed The Lives of Others is a timely warning about governments that seek to repress dissent.
0.875 A riveting drama about playwright Georg Dreyman (Sebastian Koch), his actress girlfriend Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck) and the Stasi agent who has wired their apartment and is spying on them in East Berlin.
0.8 It is an emotionally powerful movie that doesn't leave you when you walk out the theatre doors.
0.875 Donnersmarck delivers something extraordinary: a thriller that's entirely adult in both its concerns and perspective which manages to be thoroughly gripping.
0.75 Human nature trumps all in [this] thoughtful, engrossing tale of intrigue and instinct in 1980s East Germany.
0.75 If the story of a stodgy but conflicted Stasi captain gives sympathy to a historical devil, it also allows for an intriguing angle on the evergreen cinematic theme of voyeurism.
1.0 The Lives of Others is a supremely intelligent, unfailingly honest look at a shadowy period in recent German history.
0.6 A refreshing alternative to the whimsical and nostalgic look back on Communist life in Good Bye Lenin!
1.0 The first great movie of 2007 and one of the best political dramas to come along in recent memory. Does that sound a tad hyperbolic? I don't care--I'll say whatever it takes to get you into the theater.
0.5 ...ultimately undone by the glacial pace with which the filmmaker has infused the proceedings.
1.0 Avoids predictability and cheap shots in favor of a bracing drama that surprises and occasionally shatters. The Lives of Others reminds us of what filmmaking can be at its finest.
0.625 Rich in authentic period atmosphere and performances, but sabotages its best efforts with a sentimental payoff.
1.0 A riveting German film about spying and the fear, distrust, and betrayal that come with it.
0.8 Brings the large and small betrayals of the doomed republic to paranoia-inducing life.
0.8 A neatly crafted thriller with first rate acting, directing and writing combined with spy paraphernalia and political intrigue. Fully deserving of its status as Germany's Best Foreign Film Oscar nominee.
0.85 This fascinating look into the effects of the Stasi on the East German arts community sets Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck apart as another German filmmaker to watch.
0.875 Whether or not this is the best foreign language film of 2006 is debatable, but there should be no argument that it is deserving to be numbered among the elite non-English language productions receiving international distribution.
0.875 A gripping tale of nightmarish voyeurism and the psychological abyss that elevates von Donnersmarck's European nail-biter. [A] sleek and intrusive communist caper.
0.8 Un film sur le courage et la determination en temps de crise comme on aimerait en voir plus souvent.
0.8 Not only expertly captures a specific point in history, but also offers a bracing examination of human nature.
0.75 The Lives of Others conjures up a truly memorable, patient and very moving payoff.
0.875 Von Donnersmarck has crafted the best kind of movie: one you can't get out of your head.
1.0 In short, it's perfect.
1.0 Atraves dos personagens ambiguos, de um roteiro muito bem construido (e politicamente relevante) e da direcao sobria e segura do cineasta estreante, o filme comove, incomoda e faz pensar.
0.6 It's so beautifully made, that people tend to oversee it's weak character transformation that's at the heart of the script, which strikes the drama's credibility.
1.0 A startling political thriller and the year's most urgent and important film, you owe it to yourself to see this beautifully written and directed movie.
0.875 It's one of the great moviegoing experiences of the year.
0.75 It has a heart you believe in and a working brain to match.
0.9 A potent narrative about the transformative effect of involvement in other people's stories, Lives turns its own story into a python-tight embrace of nuanced tension and emotional connection.
1.0 A fascinating look into the political and psychological underpinnings of communist control in the former German Democratic Republic.
0.8 Perfect plotting, sterling story structure and ideal casting by writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck. Where has this guy been?
0.875 Subtle script, superb cast, sensitive direction -- no wonder this film swept the German equivalent of the Oscars.
0.7 Miracles surpass all human power to understand them; that's why we call them miracles.
0.5 The movie is visually impressive, but Ishii's virtuoso style can't overcome the flatness of the comic-book story he's telling.
0.5 The funky title of this Japanese yakuza bloodletting is, alas, better than the film itself.
0.7 Both exceptionally satisfying and enormously entertaining.
0.2 Makes killing look like high-spirited fun and turns violent death into an occasion for giggles and snickers.
1.0 Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen.
0.7 The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining.
0.5 It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't.
0.75 It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining.
0.4 It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals.
0.625 By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess.
0.25 There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one.
0.5 A kind of strange, existentialist comedy.
0.75 It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris.
0.75 Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit.
0.5 Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris.
0.4 None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be.
0.6 In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror.
0.875 Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical.
0.7 Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible.
0.75 Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold.
0.5 Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in.
0.7 It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike.
0.2 A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.'
0.65 Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire.
0.625 Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences.
1.0 I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number...
0.7 Shannon seems like quite an unorthodox choice for such a subdued, minimalistic character, but White actually wrote the part for her and she does him proud.
0.5 Director Mike White is really good at creating an uneasy feeling in a normal setting. But the question remains, do you want him to?
0.8 SNL alum shines as grieving, lonely animal lover.
0.4 poly syntoma hanei to stoho toy kai to neronei me synaisthimatikizoyses katastaseis kai pepatimenes koinonikes eyaisthisies, arhizontas toys kykloys gyro ap' ta idia kai ta idia, alla toylahiston ehei merika haritomena kadrarismata kai tin Molly Shannon m
0.8 What may catch audiences unawares is how unexpectedly life-affirming this little film about pet death is.
0.6 The trailer suggests a cheery comedy but brace yourself for some darkness in this shaggy dog story.
0.8 This is a lovely little film about discovering your inner self, the passion that drives you, and then coming out with it.
0.6 Year of the Dog isn't quite the comedy it's been marketed as, but there's still a lot to chew on here, notably Molly Shannon's performance as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
0.4 Loses its way, as if uncertain how to point out its moral and make us laugh at the same time.
0.4 Oddball comedy about a lonely, dog-loving secretary, Peggy (played, with unsettling intensity, by Molly Shannon).
0.4 A bit of a dog's brunch.
0.8 As you would expect from a writer like Mike White, Year Of The Dog is a smartly scripted, darkly funny work. But from Molly Shannon's performance to White's own ability as a director of actors, there are plenty of pleasant surprises here.
1.0 John Cusack gives the performance of his life in this top-class horror.
0.4 White also appears to have lost his grip, taking wild stabs at comedy and tragedy and ending up with something that's fractured and fluffy, and definitely not as cute as it thinks it is.
0.8 The writer-director's real talent is in showing that we're all freaks and geeks in one way or another. It's just that some of us are better at hiding it than others...
0.5 Though the film falters in terms of its lack of a streamlined narrative, there is no denying that it is packed to the rafters with meaty ideas and characters who are charged with a satisfying moral ambivalence.
0.7 A risible piece of work with laughs that are likely to remain silent and inside, but they reach you.
0.8 With this film Mike White once again proves that he's got an eye for darkness and an ear for character that truly puts what passes for comedy in most films these days to shame.
0.75 frequently funny and sometimes touching, even though, like (Mike White's) earlier 'The Good Girl' and 'Chuck and Buck,' the comedy leaves a slightly sour aftertaste.
0.4 This is one of the most confounding films I've ever seen.
0.6 The characters in Year of the Dog are far more interesting than the events they take part in. And the setup is better than the payoff.
0.5 White, who shows promise as a director willing to steer us in unexpected directions, holds the comic moments on a pretty tight leash.
0.7 A semi-satirical, sentimental comedy - for dog lovers, it could be a best-in-show.
0.875 If you really listen to Mike White's quirky but ultimately realistic view on life as its dealt out, you'll really enjoy this stellar effort from the burgeoning filmmaking talent.
0.8 Mike White has had the courage to redirect his abundant quirkiness away from benign nerdiness and toward a quiet subversiveness.
0.6 Writer-director Mike White goes for a more restrained approach with some laughs, but also an offbeat character study.
0.625 The best part of the film is Shannon, who shows surprising range here.
0.625 Shannon is fearless in depicting Peggy's emotional breakdown, but White can't seem to decide whether he's laughing at her or with her.
0.75 Finally, in "Year of the Dog" Shannon has found a project that amply plunges her persona for laughs and sighs.
0.4 If you took everything I dislike about indie filmmaking, packed it all into one tube, and gave it a good squeeze, something like Year of the Dog would shoot out.
0.875 (Shannon) shelves her wacky, semi-intoxicated persona to bare her soul for the benefit of a vulnerable and tender comedy.
0.25 Clearly out of the ordinary. Then again, elephantiasis of the testicles is also out of the ordinary, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone, either.
0.8 writer/director Mike White must know someone like this because he nails the characteristics of animal champions perfectly
0.75 Peggy's journey of alienation from her friends and co-workers reminds me of Julianne Moore's in Todd Haynes' masterpiece, 'Safe'; 'Dog' is a less mysterious film, but it similarly demands active rather than passive viewership.
0.5 Sometimes you pan a deadpan comedy because it's effectively dead.
0.75 Dark, quirky and unusually thoughtful.
0.625 White's humanist account of a woman more comfortable with animals than people is another intricately crosshatched sketch in his gallery of outsiders.
0.75 White's flat visual style and haiku-droll sensibility are like a form of cubicle art that manages to express more about the occupant than a thousand words ever could.
0.375 There are those who believe empathy is the quality that separates man from beast, but what does it say that White directs his compassion exclusively toward animals?
0.75 Is Year of the Dog a comedy? A tragedy? A celebration? A cautionary tale? Actually, it's all of the above.
0.875 Much is said in little moments: The entire cast offers jots of humor and insight, from Reilly and Sarsgaard to Laura Dern as a spiny sister-in-law and Regina King as Layla, a vehemently supportive friend.
0.75 Year of the Dog has been perfectly cast, and Shannon is a small revelation; shorn of the antic energy she has invested in her sketch characters and, given an actual character to play, she accomplishes something welcome and unexpected.
0.625 Is it possible for a movie to anthromorphize humans?
0.8 Mike White knows awkward.
0.375 You could see the film as the making of Crazy Dog Lady or as the story of a bereaved woman finding her true passion in life. Personally, I lean toward the former.
0.875 True harmless joy is so rare in this world that we dare not begrudge it to anyone, wherever it happens to lie.
0.75 The mood [White] creates, the subject matter he tackles, shows a rainbow coalition of dysfunction. And that makes Year of the Dog good, if strangely uncomfortable, viewing.
0.6 It's a movie in mourning, a dark comedy where we never quite see the light at the end of the tunnel.
0.5 The bittersweet Dog is a film that whimpers rather than barks.
0.4 By the time Year of the Dog decides it has something to say, you'll already be bored by the 45 minutes of ineffectual torpor that precedes it.
0.625 Sure, the film seems formulaic, plays out at times in a clunky fashion as one storyline stops abruptly and another picks up. But by the end, it will have you rooting for this sad woman, that she can find the happiness that eludes her.
0.625 An intriguing (if decidedly uneven) debut effort.
0.75 A gentle, melancholy and silly movie about a loner whose only secure source of affection is her beagle.
0.625 There's a lot of truth and beauty in Year of the Dog, and most of it radiates from the performance of Molly Shannon.
0.75 If you have a taste for off-center characters, you're barking up the right tree.
0.75 It's enjoyable in a dry but fervent way that most American comedies aren't.
0.6 A charming film that is neither saccharin nor sanctimonious as it treads the well-worn romantic comedy genre, not so much dismantling it as rearranging it just enough to make it interesting -- and perhaps just a little scary.
0.8 A highly impressive work in which White and Shannon have joined forces to give us a darkly funny and strangely emotional meditation on grief and the extremes that people sometimes go to in order to deal with a sudden tragedy.
0.625 [Writer-director White] is perceptive and gentle enough a director to allow Peggy to become a dog person of tragic proportions without laughing at her. He's a humorist with a humane core.
0.75 Year of the Dog succeeds in drawing you in, making you look at the world from her perspective. By the end of the movie, you will recognize what kind of a person she is -- and you'll understand how she came to be that way.
0.625 In the end, [writer-director] White settles for some unearned and unpersuasive optimism, which, in Hollywood scriptwriting, serves as shorthand for poignancy.
0.4 Shannon's journey into darkness seems to have no real purpose other than turning into a depressing spectacle.
0.875 Year of the Dog is one of those quirky little movies that you marvel ever got made while being supremely grateful that it did. It's hard to even categorize.
0.75 [Writer-director Mike White] always had a knack for writing character-revealing moments; this time he demonstrates a talent for handling actors as well.
0.75 Neither extreme of the animal rights debate can take comfort from this take-no-prisoners comedy. Frequently disturbing but always compelling, Year of the Dog barks for attention from the right kind of audience.
0.5 undercooked script and flat direction ... but, if you feel you need a lecture on animal activism and the importance of a vegan lifestyle, it does do it in a quasi-comedic fashion.
0.75 Thrives on bone-dry humor.
0.875 ...infuses one of society's standard wallflowers, the single dog-lady, with uncommon dignity. She's weird, but wonderfully so.
0.75 A sweet flick for anyone who sees dogs as furry people with bad breath and big hearts.
0.5 Peggy is an admirable woman, get that, and not to pitied. Or is she? I wasn't and still am not sure
0.36 "Year of the Dog" is ugly, boring and unfunny. The characters are badly drawn, poorly acted (and this with a killer cast, too). And the "it's hard to be a fanatic, but it's worth it" message is telegraphed in a particularly unappealing way
0.666666666667 Poignant but not sappy and darkly funny without being farcical.
0.75 A bittersweet dark comedy about a lonely middle-aged woman who finds that animals are the only beings she can truly rely on.
0.875 White has an outsider's sympathy for Peggy's loss and instinctively understands how the selfishness of people can drive a sensitive person to the company of animals.
0.75 The filmmaker carefully avoids over-sentimentalizing the emotionally charged story, mostly striking a nice balance of pathos and humor.
0.5 There's nothing wrong with ambiguity, but Year of the Dog seems more like a film that had a point of view, in some early draft, and then lost it in rewrites.
0.75 A very low-key, well-acted dramedy.
0.75 While some may be put off by Peggy's wild-eyed mania, and the film's broadly comic tone, Shannon makes this lost spirit strikingly sympathetic.
0.75 In Shannon, [White] has an actress capable of making you empathize with Peggy and agonize over her smart and foolish choices.
1.0 Year of the Dog is funny ha-ha but firmly in touch with its downer side, which means it's also funny in a kind of existential way.
0.75 Molly Shannon tones down her live-wire antics to play her first "normal" person%u2026or, to be more accurate, White's version of a "normal" person.
0.7 A sweet, heartfelt film, Year of the Dog is a nice alternative to some of the other fare out there, perfect for a fun date night flick or a girls' night out.
0.4 A quiet, disappointing character study. The film is a little too smug and quirky for its own good.
0.4 If you've ever wondered where organizations like PETA, Al Queda, and The 700 Club find members then here's the answer.
0.4 has good intentions and a golden heart, but that doesn't take you that far
0.9 White is a clever writer, and many of his best lines will sneak up on you long after you leave the theater. There's a stealthy sweetness to the movie, a desire to understand those who go their own way, that would seem to be his ultimate aim.
0.75 [An] eccentric, affecting comedy.
0.75 A charming slice-of-life...Molly Shannon gives a multifaceted Oscar-caliber performance of insight and subtlety.
1.0 A touching comedy about a lonely young woman who follows her bliss and finds all she needs in the companionship of animals.
0.625 Minor but moving, it's a story about, and for, outsiders...and PETA members as well.
0.8 It's a testament to writer/director Mike White's talents that Peggy's miseries are shown as humorously tragic, but also simply, plainly painful.
0.65 The supporting cast of Mike White's directorial debut offer plenty of laughs, but it always comes down to Molly Shannon being the movie's weak link.
0.8 It occasionally suffers from longeurs, but it's moving and funny with moments of genius. More of the same, s'il vous plait.
0.8 Astonishing, outlandish, and full of laughs.
1.0 If there's any justice in the world, French animator Sylvain Chomet will be handed the Animated Feature Oscar in February for this fantastic little film.
1.0 There are high-powered opiates that don't pack the psychedelic kick of this cartoon.
0.8 La historia se cuenta en imagenes y sonidos, y ese es un primer gran merito a tener en cuenta en una epoca en que los personajes del cine suelen hablar demasiado.
0.8 Chomet made this movie to remind us how imaginative animation can be as an art form.
0.1 The big test was how few times I could look at my watch to determine how much more agony I had to endure.
0.75 'El estilo y la atmosfera en que se desarrolla son de una calidad e inteligencia que pocas veces podemos apreciar de este lado del Atlantico.'
0.625 A beautiful but dull affair.
0.6 The Triplets of Belleville is an animated feature with two out-of-the-ordinary superheroes: a zealous old lady and a very fat dog.
1.0 Un beau, wildy amusement et un film original ! See this immediately- read on->
0.6 The Simpsons meet William Steig
1.0 Triplets could be described as Max Fleischer on acid.
0.9 Its strange vacillation between the hopeful and the arbitrarily cold is still a mystery to me... It's not a great film, but then again, it is.
0.87 Words cannot replicate the world that Chomet has designed here; description is pointless, as Belleville simply must be experienced firsthand.
0.875 Chomet's charming, visually cluttered realm...is so imaginative and vividly realized you could freeze any frame and spend an hour picking through its details.
1.0 an almost impossibly delectable mixture of uncanny weirdness and poignant sweetness
1.0 An extraordinary, melancholy ode to the endless, mercurial peculiarity of life.
1.0 One of his greatest achievements is allowing the audience to crawl inside Bruno's head. Not since "Babe" has a movie made me care so much for a four-legged character.
0.8 You may love it, you may hate it, but you've never seen anything like it.
0.7 Let the movie wash over you, and, at the very least, it will cleanse your palate.
0.875 Viva le difference!
1.0 A fresh, very funny and wonderful artful enterprise.
1.0 Thanks to Chomet, 'beautifully strange' has a new home address, and it's in Belleville.
0.75 A stylish throwback, a pretty work of art in every frame.
0.6 It's a must-see for animation fans, but others, including youngsters, may just as likely be bored or baffled.
0.8 If Walt Disney had gone on a binge of red wine, hallucinatory drugs and absurdist plays, The Triplets of Belleville could have sprouted from his animation empire.
0.9 The Triplets of Belleville proves there's still plenty of life in hand-drawn animation.
0.7 An ephemerally entertaining comic adventure.
1.0 As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again.
0.75 Everything about the film, from the characters to the settings, is tres bizarre, yet it's all weirdly compelling.
0.875 If you have an open mind, and an appreciation of film animation, you will surely enjoy the film's clever gags, as well as the sensational blending of cel animation and computer-enhanced backgrounds and action.
1.0 A comfortably subversive and accomplished film that speaks to everyone, without talking down to anyone.
1.0 It is funny in spurts, frightening, moving, magical, exhilarating, horrific, smart and silly. It is all this and more.
1.0 Triplets of Belleville conjures up a world that's totally surprising and sublime.
1.0 A triumph of style and substance, dispensing equal parts unbridled glee and powerful melancholy.
0.875 A hugely entertaining alternative to Disney and Pixar
0.875 It would appear that the best 'toon flicks are presently being produced outside the USA.
1.0 Se precisei assistir a esta animacao 3 vezes somente para escrever sobre ela, nem imagino quantas vezes voltarei a ve-la apenas pelo prazer de visitar a criacao de Chomet.
1.0 A mad masterpiece.
0.9 An animated film that takes familiar Disney archetypes and twists them into vivid, imaginative shapes.
0.875 Triplets is very probably unlike anything you've seen before.
1.0 "Dazzlingly inventive and delightful and probably unlike any cartoon -- or movie -- you've ever seen..."
0.8 Right down to faux black-and-white film stock and scratchy gramophones, Triplets resurrects Flesicher's world of music, debauchery, inspired illogic and crude showbiz parody.
0.8 A sensational counterpoint to everything animation means as family entertainment in Hollywood.
0.5 ...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through.
0.875 In an era when live-action movies often play like cartoons, this is an animated film that feels all grown up.
0.75 Watching The Triplets of Belleville is like getting lost in a storybook you never want to put down.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, it's either visionary or weird.
0.87 As funny, original, and entertaining as the film is, a dark drama floats just beneath the surface that is heightened by its nostalgic, sometimes melancholic tone.
0.875 A charming, one-of-a-kind experience, a breathtakingly drawn and uproariously funny film by French animator Sylvain Chomet. It's one of the most delightful films of the year.
0.6 This is a film that speaks a universal language of funny images and unexpected surprises.
0.9 So bizarre, satirical and imaginative that it almost defies description.
0.5 doesn't have much to offer outside of its technical achievements, which is both amazing and a shame, considering Chomet's fertile imagination.
1.0 All you really need to enjoy "Triplets" is a taste for the weird and the wonderful.
0.75 Built on slow, repetitive actions that quietly amuse us but don't necessarily raise our adrenaline. Still, for visual grandeur and artistic imagination, it's a sheer joy.
1.0 ...delightful, inventive, accessible, hilarious, and tremendously executed.
0.75 A strange and wonderful tale that relies on and indulges in the luxuries of hand-drawn animation
0.75 Impossible to describe, impossible to forget.
0.875 An animated feature of appalling originality and scary charm.
0.875 A strange delight, an original vision that enhances the state of contemporary animation.
0.875 Dazzling in the simplest of ways putting Sylvain Chomet at the animation's adult table that still has plenty of room for the kids.
0.8 Like a silent film that just happens to be drawn instead of made with real people - it's absolutely mesmerizing to look at this animation.
0.875 Oooh la la and a certain je ne sais quoi permeate every frame of this imaginative French gem that leaves ordinary animated projects in the dust.
0.9 Feels like a cross between '60's Disney cartoon movies and Yellow Submarine. No, even that description is too simplistic.
0.8 Chomet has made a refreshing film set apart by its humour, unique cultural flavour and quality animation.
0.875 The city of Belleville is like some nocturnal amalgam of Paris and New York, on the edge of a vast sea and of the world itself.
0.5 A dialog-free, animated film for adults that would have made a great short film, but, without speech or much of a story, it is seventy-five minutes too long.
0.75 Kept me smiling for 80 minutes, and that&#8217;s worth something, right?
0.8 International story of bicycling, rescue, singing, the passage of time and the nature of evil is a fantastic use of animation for grown-up storytelling.
1.0 Every so often, a film comes along that is so original, imaginative, and just plain flat-out wonderful that you can do little but marvel at the filmmaker's artistry.
1.0 An utter delight.
1.0 An insanely delicious animated feature.
0.875 A wildly imaginative and wholly original creation.
0.6 It should appeal to adventurous types looking for a more challenging animated feature.
1.0 A tour de force of ink-washed, crosshatched mischief and unlikely sublimity.
1.0 A truly out-there piece of comic animation, the most outlandishly visual film of the year, this 80-minute French treat takes us into a world that can barely be described, a world unlike any we've seen before.
0.75 For someone with an adventurous cinematic appetite, a production that makes Miyazaki appear mainstream is surely worth a look.
1.0 A sophisticated, wholly original brand of animated storytelling that manages to be at once deliriously eccentric and deliciously sinister.
1.0 It's downright daft at times. But it's ingeniously crafted, marvelously drawn, and utterly unpredictable.
0.3 Perhaps the worst animated feature film I've ever seen.
0.9 [An] effortlessly charming cry of defiance against America, wrapped up in a touching and ticklishly funny, yet bitter-sweet tale that dances across the screen.
0.875 Comic, touching and a visual knockout.
0.8 A bizarre yet beautifully composed piece of nutty whimsy.
0.8 Visual ingenuity, wry humour, and French self-parody add up to a strange and touching experience.
0.75 Grotesque yet trippy.
0.8 Belleville Rendez-Vous is an engaging, original Europudding cartoon, animated in the classical style, without the sugar of Disney, entertaining from start to finish.
0.8 It may clock in at a crisp 80 minutes, yet a single viewing can barely do justice to this richly detailed and often playfully macabre adventure.
1.0 Forges an all new narrative and visual style that's so winning it lingers in the mind long after the credits roll.
0.8 Darkly humorous, this documentary is all about the curious mixology of obsessive compulsive personalities and road kill...
1.0 Jaw-droppingly insane...a film that makes criticism moot.
0.875 Not only are the characters in The Last Days of Disco embarrassingly earnest about their love for spectacular nightclubs and thumping dance music, but they're also completely transparent about their desires, even when they think they're being clever.
0.8 If it had been Stillman's swan song, a director could hardly hope to be prouder of such a strong exit.
0.7 Stillman skips the snark in favor of a sincere appreciation of his slightly lost characters.
0.75 Stilillman pulls off a unique balancing act of conveying the specificities of the cultural milieu but also maintaining a sense of universality that keeps the film from being solely about its time and place
1.0 The focus of The Last Days of Disco is a psychologically authentic and painfully parasitic female relationship.
0.6 Solid period piece with good dialogue. Standard relationship stuff, but well done.
0.625 Mr. Stillman more or less saves the movie with Josh, a sweet, muddled guy who deserves better friends than he has in this movie.
0.5 Offers little beyond the usual Stillman prattle.
0.8 Sharp-eyed and charming.
0.8 The film is enjoyable .. because of that great dialogue, good performances by the leads, and a great soundtrack.
0.5 For a film about the flame-out of a flashy era, The Last Days of Disco is just too languid and verbose.
0.5 In its last hour, the picture becomes more clumsy and tiresome, but the stray laugh and the disco sound keep it pulsing.
0.5 Even the most promising characters turn out to be shallow and often hateful, their stories meander interminably.
0.5 For the most part it's completely forgettable.
0.4 Trouble is, the dancing is usually more interesting than the pretentious things these characters have to say.
0.75 A conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from its director, Whit Stillman.
0.75 A fascinating film to watch, whether you were a supporter of 'the disco movement', or one who cheered when it died.
0.75 The combination of sharply-realized dialogue and infectiously energetic dance sequences keeps The Last Days of Disco from losing steam.
0.875 [Stillman] nails his characters with perfectly heard dialogue and laconic satire.
0.8 Stillman has created an affectionate, original and highly memorable tribute to a bygone age.
0.8 The fun cast and Stillman's clever writing make this admittedly slow-moving and talky film a pleasure to listen to and lovely to look at.
0.6 Despite the almost total lack of action, the film is engaging and often funny.
0.75 The film comes alive with its wonderfully complex, intellectual humor that is so dense and fast-paced that it might take several viewings to catch it all.
0.625 In spite of itself -- in spite of Stillman -- this is a lively and often endearing entertainment.
0.75 Talky and uneven but often funny romantic comedy.
0.75 To his fans (color me guilty), Stillman is like a sardonic Anton Checkov, a man to whom dialogue and repressed emotion are everything.
0.75 A very entertaining film, thanks to an appealing cast ... and those wordy discussions.
1.0 Shows that Stillman has finally found out how to make his characters totally lovable, and surprisingly more sympathetic.
0.7 If this film ... doesn't fully rise to the lovely vibrancy of Barcelona, it still extends the witty, quizzical style of Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain.
0.6 The performances are nice but I don't think there's enough substance there in either of these people and I actually didn't believe the chemistry between them.
0.7 In the end it's the love story that counts and it's a beautifully acted and surprisingly touching relationship.
0.5 Summer Coda is disappointing, an under-nourished, spasmodically involving melodrama set largely amid the orange groves of Mildura in rural Victoria.
0.3 The themes of loss and moving on are sincere, but way too laboured. Angus Sampson brightens proceedings briefly as one of the fruit pickers -- will somebody please write a comedy lead for this guy? -- but otherwise it's an emotionally flat affair.
0.6 he bucolic rhythms of life in the orange grove have a lot of allure. It's Eden on the Murray and if you sit back and let its glories wash over you, you'll find a lot here to like.
0.3 Nice scenery, shame about the movie.
0.7 This is an extremely enjoyable film that will seduce audiences with its blend of appealing characters, glorious locations and an intelligent story about loss and love.
0.2 For those unfortunate enough to be locked in a room with this film, look out for Isabel Lucas' eyewatering recreation of the famous dance scene from Flashdance, for anyone else, take heart in staying away from A Heartbeat Away.
0.4 In its lofty ambition to reach the heights of Baz Luhrman inspired fantasy, A Heartbeat Away ends up becoming the worse type of Australian bred fantastical farce.
0.0 Unspeakably bad...This film will do nobody any good and should not have been released.
0.0 According to our hipster hero, you can't get more sonically 2011 than Red Hot Chili Peppers. So in the spirit of such whip-smart with-it-ness, a message to all involved with the making of A Heartbeat Away: give it away, give it away, give it away, NOW!
0.6 It smells like desperation to me.
0.5 It's very clunky and very cliched.
0.2 Not only does [Edwards'] approach fail, it nosedives into terminal velocity, rendering A Heartbeat Away an annoying, close to distressing, viewing experience.
0.5 So determined that audiences will love it that it falls into the trap of feel-good cliches.
0.0 Seriously: you have no idea how badly you need to make sure you and your loved ones stay away from this.
0.625 Resting firmly on this relentless pacing, Vengeance becomes obsessed with the lasting effect of vengeance on the traditional machinations of plot and character.
0.75 Few directors make ac tion movies with the pizazz of Hong Kong's Johnnie To...
0.8 Both newcomers to Mr. To and longtime admirers should be prepared for a master class in directing.
0.8 You need to be one helluva director to pull off using kids' stickers as a climactic plot point; this auteur makes it look like child's play.
0.75 Veteran Hong Kong filmmaker To mixes the grand gestures of John Woo with the tactics of Christopher Nolan's Memento; the result ranges from the silly to the sublime.
0.875 A formula thriller done as an elegant genre exercise.
0.5 ...the movie doesn't entirely go off the rails until the first major shoot-out rolls around...
0.5 If indeed there is anything surprising about this cliche-packed genre fare, it's the degree to which To and his screenwriter Wai Ka-Fai are prepared to indulge their flair for the ludicrous.
0.8 The Great Magician is an undeniably charming and whimsical Chinese fantasy that captures your imagination with little effort.
0.6 Indian underdog sports film will make American girls cheer.
0.625 A very familiar, very formula underdog sports movie with nothing to distinguish it from similar, equally slick Hollywood product--except for maybe a Bollywood-norm run time of 150 minutes.
0.8 The problem with the film, more than anything, is getting beyond the idea of it not being Bogie and Bacall up there on the screen.
0.375 There is nothing [Huppert] can't do -- except save Promise from the valley of the shadow of bad French movie pretensions.
0.75 Like an old Hollywood star vehicle, this French import does its job, providing its lead actress with compelling emotional circumstances and its audience with arresting contexts through which to perceive her.
0.6 The Promised Life is not particularly original either in conception or execution, but it still manages to be interesting and stylish enough to get the better of its cliches.
0.6 It all does come down to Huppert with this film, to the moods, emotional states and character moments she can create, to the delicate magic she can work on screen.
0.5 [The film is] strongest when Huppert is plying her sordid trade, her face a cracking mask of emotional devastation.
0.4 This is a rare road picture that leaves us knowing less about our traveling companions than we did when the journey started; Dahan and screenwriter Agnes Fustier-Dahan reduce their characters to pasteboard symbols, colored by unexplained quirks.
0.625 Isabelle Huppert is such a wonderful actress, it's a shame that her latest film to reach our shores, La Vie Promise, directed by Olivier Dahan, isn't better.
0.4 Isabelle Huppert, an actress incapable of making a mawkish gesture, fights tooth and nail to keep this soft-boiled story of an embittered prostitute from turning to mush.
1.0 Isabelle Huppert's stunning performance is among the finest of her career.
0.6 Such is the enigmatic vacuity of the performances and the compartmentalisation of the incidents that it's hard to grasp what Kelemen wants us to derive from his film, apart from a dispiriting lesson in the depravity of which humans are capable.
0.2 Excruciating experience of ultra-gloom.
0.5 The film depends more on the shadowy, colour-drenched photography to touch on emotions or humanism. It's not enough.
0.4 IMDB lists the title of the film as "Ip Man Zero," an obvious nod to its coming before parts one and two, but unfortunately, it's also an inadvertent comment on what this particular film has to offer.
0.75 Can the most currently popular martial arts series survive without Donnie Yen, the most popular action star in Asia? Absolutely.
0.375 There is nothing in this bubbling soap opera of a plot that can't be solved with drawn-out fight scenes. And so they jump and kick, poke, slap and twirl for half the film.
0.625 How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is.
0.7 ...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot
1.0 It's truly a masterpiece in the end.
0.7 This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.
0.7 I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used.
0.375 ...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation...
0.8 There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years.
0.6 Well-tread territory.
0.75 Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention.
0.75 There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better.
0.75 It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror.
0.625 The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable.
0.625 Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters.
0.75 This one makes you sweat.
0.75 The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul.
0.75 There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee.
1.0 That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext.
0.25 We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context.
0.7 Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us.
0.75 [Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning.
0.5 Murky and pretty near incomprehensible.
0.8 The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in.
0.6 A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning.
0.8 A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest.
0.75 Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted.
0.5 When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward.
0.9 Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years!
0.8 a delirious melange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours
0.75 It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror.
0.875 Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over.
0.625 Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development.
0.6 More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex.
0.8 Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary.
0.8 Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story.
0.7 Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!
0.6 Gangnam Blues does not break much new ground for its genre, but it's very well-made in what is by now a familiar Korean style, emphasising clarity, medium-to-long shots, and symmetrical compositions with actors often directly facing the camera.
0.4 To be honest, I was just trying not to lose consciousness.
1.0 The story of how to become a new, better, more whole self... There is nothing less tragic than that.
1.0 Kieslowski...implies, not for the first or last time, a form of divine intervention or destiny at work... [Blu-ray]
1.0 Binoche's performance is brilliantly understated, and she conveys with minimal dialogue and outward affectation a woman who is internally in turmoil
0.75 Director Krzysztof Kieslowski's noted visual style is amply on display: images are transformed from the familiar into the unearthly, with a sense of dislocation permeating the whole.
1.0 Juliette Binoche stars in Blue, which was once considered the weakest of the trilogy but holds up better than one would have suspected.
0.8 In Blue, the first of the Three Color Trilogy, Polish filmmaker Kieslowski tackled unabashedly spiritual and existential issues through the graceful presence of French actress Juliette Binoche.
0.8 I was moved and touched by all three, and continue to ponder which is my favourite (but lately I'm thinking 'Blue.')
0.875 A fascinating mood piece.
1.0 As the French might say, "Se manifique.'
0.875 Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is shaping up to be an admirable exercise in interconnected cinema, but for a truly transcendent experiment in this vein, it's hard to top Krzysztof Kieslowski's dazzling trio from 1993-94.
0.8 slow and difficult, and to some extent, that's what Kieslowski wanted
0.875 A powerful motion picture.
0.875 A challenge to the imagination.
0.8 Blue is a movie that engages the mind, challenges the senses, implores a resolution, and tells, with aesthetic grace and formal elegance, a good story and a political allegory.
0.8 A complex and fascinating character study of grief, directed with a mesmerizing grace.
0.5 While we have much to admire here, there is no way around it: Exit 67 is a thumpingly dull, pulp-free meditation on gangsta movies that comes with way too much earnest, self-conscious chatter.
0.8 A truly dazzling achievement, even measured against Tsui's own considerable accomplishments...
0.8 Beautiful Hong Kong movie. Wonderful story about the technological invasion, and outstanding fight scenes.
0.8 Brilliant commentary elevates entertaining Hong Kong action flick to must-see status.
1.0 Not perfect in an objective critical sense, but it's a masterpiece of the genre.
0.6 Successfully pays homage to ancient tradition and history by making it entertaining and interesting to non-Chinese audiences.
0.875 Tsui's camera lurches, pinwheels and whirligigs all over the place to catch every move perfectly.
0.4 The editing here is far from good, and the continuity is constantly thrown off from one shot to the next; we're talking about different positioning of objects, object-size changes, characters disappearing and re-appearing.
0.7 The fight scenes are the main attraction, of course, and the film delivers the goods again and again.
1.0 Raises the bar for a genre often thought of as meaningless dribble, showing that a Kung Fu movie can be more than just spectacular fight sequences.
0.78 A guaranteed favourite for martial arts fans.
0.9 A tumultuous riot of inspired filmmaking.
0.85 It's to Burnett's credit that he is able to observe problems of class and race without narrowing his vision to become an 'issues movie' or a sermon.
1.0 The fantastic thing about this beautiful film is how little it tries to make a statement about anything; it is, simply, life.
0.875 A film that is hard to forget.
0.75 It may fill you with despair or offer up relief, but you will not be unmoved.
0.8 Burnett's empathy for his characters is obvious, and his carefully composed vignettes provide a host of indelible images...
0.875 As timeless as the human condition.
1.0 Don't go to Killer of Sheep expecting a conventional movie experience. This is an art film, a realistic-yet-poetic examination of a time and place and the people stranded there.
1.0 Burnett's documentarian empathy, coupled with his easygoing skill as a dramatic essayist, result in a film that doesn't look, feel or breathe like any American work of its generation.
0.875 ...his [Burnett's] tale about a south central Los Angeles neighborhood is stunning, and it holds up remarkably well.
0.94 ...about staying put and standing up - about what it means to be a man, or more precisely an adult, in a battering world that, at the end of the day, leaves you too tired to move.
1.0 Not much seems to be happening in Killer of Sheep, but in reality every moment counts.
1.0 It's truly rare to find something this original, honest and insightful.
1.0 A time capsule of 1970s style and attitude that remains utterly timeless in its respect for its characters and its recognition of the despair, passion, boredom, playfulness and cruelty nurtured not just by life in the ghetto but by life itself.
0.75 [A] gem ...
1.0 A milestone of eloquent understatement that captures the daily life of have-nots as few American movies have.
0.875 A worthy, fascinating film that shows the influence of Bresson and of the Italian neorealists.
1.0 Using the word art may seem like a lazy label, but it is shorthand for a beauty and a peculiar magic that has to be experienced first-hand to be understood.
1.0 If this film had been more widely available, it would have a secure place not only as the greatest achievement in African-American cinema but also as one of the great achievements in cinema, period.
1.0 Everything about Burnett's film has multiple meanings, even its title.
1.0 Though not tautly connected, the various segments generate memorable images and give a feeling for a community and for a family that would be impossible with conventional narrative.
1.0 So sad. So lovely. So profound.
1.0 as powerful and moving a film as it's been rumored to be.
0.7 Killer of Sheep takes on a life of its own through examining poverty, and the occasional moments of pure clarity and beauty within the misery with stark black and white photography, and realism that's almost startling in its form on screen.
0.8 ... still has the power to move us.
0.9 Killer of Sheep, largely hidden from view for three decades, is an American masterpiece, independent to the bone.
1.0 Thirty years after its creation, Charles Burnett's debut feature still hits with the force of revelation.
0.75 In this blueprint are all sorts of interesting and unusual things.
1.0 [A] perfect film.
0.9 A film with a depth of feeling seldom scene in commercial cinema, Charles Burnett's student project of life in LA's Watts neighborhood is a textbook of neo-realism and of the artistic use of the film media stripped to its basics.
1.0 The 'hood as a vast, urban quicksand where the dreams and potential of a generation of African-Americans are being swallowed up wholesale.
1.0 A gritty, grainy slice of everyday lumpen American black struggle.
0.4 The dialogue, which is read with either insufficient or excessive emphasis by the nonactors, is often buried under a soundtrack of vintage blues, making it doubly hard to follow. Even the slaughter of the sheep is numbingly uneventful.
1.0 The rare film which achieved classic status without a commercial release.
1.0 It shouldn't be missed.
1.0 Killer of Sheep lives up to its official designation as a national treasure.
1.0 The fly-on-the-wall narrative observes the life of a slaughterhouse worker who grapples with poverty, misbehaving children, and the allure of violence.
0.8 Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
0.8 Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
1.0 There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
0.8 A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
0.875 [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
1.0 A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
0.8 Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
0.91 Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
0.5 Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
0.875 More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
1.0 Boldly erotic and playfully ponderous about sins of the flesh, "Thirst" rips open its bodice, and various veins, with arterial sprays of carnage and carnality. It's a savage, frank, fanged fusion of "Double Indemnity" and "The Postman Always Rings Twice."
0.8 Perhaps no auteur is as suited to the vampire genre as South Korean director Park Chan-wook, a man who has made a career out of films full of sexual perversity, doomed romances and a seemingly insurmountable volume of blood.
0.8 The degrees of shock, the foreshadowing and throwbacks throughout (both visual and in dialogue) all seem diminutive next to the amazing performances by the male and female lead.
0.5 click to read full review
0.8 The story of a noble priest resurrected as a vampire and plunged into a life of desire is opulently brought to the screen by one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 What sets Park's film apart from the standard vampire picture has more to do with its tone, characterizations, and its strange blend of lyricism and pitch-black comedy.
0.75 Just when you thought you'd seen everything that could possibly be done with vampires, along comes something like Thirst.
0.6 Park is clearly an exceptional director capable of being weirdly funny, quirkily fantastical, brutal and sexy, sometimes at one and the same time. There's no one quite like him.
0.7 Park directs with his usual eye-catching skill and attention to gruesome detail, and creates a story with strong emotional resonance.
0.8 A rollicking, hysterical splatter-sex-comedy only confirms 'Thirst' as one of the year's more extreme, enjoyable entertainments.
0.6 Not one of Park's best films, but it has bite.
0.8 This fervid extravaganza is easily Park's best film since Oldboy.
0.8 A baroque shocker of sensuous unease and cinematic excess marbled with veins of jet-black comedy, Thirst is far from a perfect film, but it might still prove to be a great one.
0.7 Chan-wook's film is as gluttonous and stylish as I'm a Cyborg, but fortunately Thirst's renewed appetite for bloodlust and self-annihilation suits the director's pyrotechnics better.
0.6 While its most dazzling scenes recall David Cronenberg's The Fly and Schrader's Catpeople, it topples into self-parody in spells, as if John Waters was remaking In The Realm Of The Senses.
0.6 A fresh spin on the vampire myth resulting in a wildly inventive and blackly comic horror. Pity it's got more padding than the average fat suit.
0.8 Gruesome, disturbing, definitely over-long but strangely moving, Thirst brings vivid new ideas to an overworked genre.
0.6 Once on course, he is uncontrollable. I don't mean the hero, I mean the director. Park's gallows wit and visual inventiveness keep us alert for an hour amid the ramshackle story structuring.
0.6 The film is way too long, and quite sick, though Park's demented lyricism will stay with you.
0.8 Unleashing torrents of stylishly shot blood-letting he mocks the anaemic approach to the carnal undercurrents of vampire lore favoured by western cinema.
0.6 An enjoyable, extremely stylish and well acted vampire drama that builds to a terrific finale, though it's also overlong, struggles to find the right tone and drags considerably in the middle section.
0.7 The over-long duration makes it a gruelling journey at times, but it's worth sticking to the end, just to see what the hell Park will come up with next.
0.7 The heart of Thirst may be a vampire film but its soul is a morality play, while its flesh is a sensuous playground of desire.
0.8 It's a production of sensational confidence.
0.6 Thirst is a grim antidote to the sanitized, pale young things of Twilight, Supernatural and True Blood.
0.875 Leave it to Park Chan-Wook to put a stake in any pretty, romanticized notions of the undead in down and dirty, daring and dynamic style.
0.625 Beautifully shot and willing to grapple with morality in ways both serious and playful Thirst entertains without moralizing, though it frequently lacks narrative drive.
0.625 Thirst begins with great intellectual and artistic promise, then devolves into a repetitious mess of teeth, blades, necks, bites, arterial sprays, sex, sex, sex and death.
0.75 Thirst's moments of brilliance leave you hungry for more.
0.75 Thirst keeps coming up against the limitations of its various inspirations like a bumper car on a crowded court. On almost every other level, the film's audaciously entertaining, at times even quite moving. You just have to have the stomach for it.
0.875 It's a pretty terrific movie -- unruly, a little attenuated in its unexpectedly lyrical third act, but clearly the work of a major director.
0.625 Park's welcome streak for dark comedy does overcome the monotony here and there, but when the sun finally comes up we're left with little but scattered particles of something that tried to do something good, but ultimately failed.
0.75 Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept, and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst.
0.75 Thirst is juicy filmmaking -- psychologically rich, cathartic, kinky, visually engaging and almost free of vampire-movie cliches.
0.7 The story is mostly riveting, in a chaotic kind of way.
0.625 Too bad the film never quite gets the blood pumping in the viewer, which may be a failure of Park's to define his audience.
0.6 Full of ache and desire, Tae-ju seems the ultimate embodiment of the title of Park Chan-wook's new film, Thirst (Bakjwi).
0.8 Just when we've set our brains on ponder, the picture muddies all hope of contemplation with flashes of the fearlessly eccentric imagery for which Park has become famous, and some of the slurpiest sex scenes to be found in any recent R-rated movie.
0.6 One part myth, one part vampire and one part over the top hilarity is a promising combination, but this story doesn't add enough to the overused vampire genre to succeed.
0.6 Initially invigorating, chilling and mildly suspenseful while balanced with just the right amount of dark comedy, but it occasionally veers into a tedium of awkwardness and over-the-top bizarreness that lacks surprises.
0.75 Feeling anemic? Allow Dr. Musetto to prescribe large quantities of human blood. You'll find plenty of it in Thirst, from Park Chan-wook, one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 Park has created a rumination on morality and mortality that is not at all deadly, but funny and profound and at times intensely erotic.
0.75 At a time when so much of popular culture is turning the vampire into just another gently exotic, vulnerable lover, Park brings things back to bloody basics.
0.5 Soaked in blood though it is, Thirst leaves some essential cravings unsatisfied.
0.5 Thirst's excesses will entertain some viewers, but if you want coherence, look elsewhere.
0.625 Thirst is at least a half-hour too long. The story goes off course with pointless distractions and feeds on non-stop grisliness.
0.75 Thirst isn't exactly out for scares or thrills; it's more like an old-time Hollywood melodrama with fangs; think A Place in the Sun with bloodsuckers.
0.8 It's tempting to call it True Blood East, but any comparisons to existing vampire sagas shortchange the unique appeal of Park's vision.
0.4 Overlong by a half-dozen blood spurts and tonally frantic
0.625 From the sweltering, acrobatic sex to the bone-crunching suckings and slayings, Tae-ju's angrily orchestrated mayhem rhymes perfectly with Chan-wook's voracious style.
0.6 Thirst casts a hypnotic visual spell over its vampiric goings-on.
0.7 It's a highbrow, critically acclaimed movie that succeeds far more as a down and dirty horror movie than it does as an art film.
0.7 At the hands of a less competent director, THIRST could have been an abomination, but thankfully Chan-wook delivers something above par that should probably be met with two cans of Red Bull.
0.7 It's a confronting contemporary vampire story with a plot borrowed from Emile Zola's Therese Raquin, and it would be twice as good if it were half an hour shorter.
0.8 A fresh, surprising take on an old, old story (and an overpopulated subgenre) that holds the attention with deadly wit.
0.7 Thirst may not be the greatest vampire movie ever made, but Park's willingness to try something different makes it a decidedly fresh take on the genre.
0.4 Jaw-droppingly awful -- mesmerizingly so. Poor Joe Cotten.
0.625 Sure, it's mushy, but you can't make a movie called Smile and not be at least a wee bit saccharine about your intentions.
0.375 However worthy the sentiment, this one won't leave viewers with a smile.
0.375 This drama, which was bankrolled by the people behind the international Operation Smile program, has the best of intentions. But it's so painfully earnest that it becomes insufferable.
0.375 Good cause, bad movie.
0.4 Feels like a school project that has its heart in the right place if not the skills to produce something with depth and emotional heft.
0.5 Kramer may have felt that American audiences would have wanted to follow an American heroine, but it's Lin's story that resonates.
0.75 This movie's so filled with admirable intentions that they practically spill onto the screen before it starts.
0.5 Overall, it's pretty elementary stuff, along the lines of a Disney Channel TV movie.
0.2 Smile is like a dose of cod liver oil: It may be good for you, but it's no fun.
0.4 Touching Wild Horses seems more a trite Movie-of-the-Week, than a solid film that combines breathtaking beauty with character conflict and resolution.
0.625 A family drama ... that makes up for its production deficiencies with a noble heart.
0.5 The insights this independently produced drama has aren't any deeper than those to be gleaned from your average Afterschool Special.
0.5 ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
0.9 Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
0.75 Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
0.875 Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
0.7 For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
1.0 It's a delight.
0.875 Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
0.75 A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
1.0 Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
0.6 On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
1.0 Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
0.7 Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
0.75 It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
0.6 Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
1.0 Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
1.0 The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
0.6 With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
0.9 A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
0.8 One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
0.8 It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
1.0 For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
0.75 So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
0.8 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu seems effortlessly observed, even improvised, but it's actually a wonder of choreography, rhythm and social commentary.
0.8 blending social commentary with spiritual allegory, it traces one man's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania's healthcare service
0.7 The film feels very real and not a little scary since the viewer knows that he is very likely to eventually likely to share Lazarescu's fate.
1.0 Absurdamente angustiante em seu realismo sem concessoes, este e mais do que um filme-denuncia (apropriado para varios paises, alias); e, acima de tudo, um olhar agridoce sobre o melhor e o pior em todos nos.
0.9 A harsh critique of the modern medical system, and though it takes place specifically in Romania, its events could be easily transferred elsewhere.
0.75 Mr. Lazarescu's ordeal will stick with you.
0.75 There's something about Fiscuteanu's quietly desperate performance (with much of the emotion conveyed through his eyes), that gets under your skin.
1.0 As commentary, it's grim. As filmmaking, it's a powerfully disturbing odyssey through the Bucharest health care system.
1.0 It seems extraordinary to claim that this film is funny but it is.
0.6 As a story of the callous impersonalization we inflict upon one another, the film is timeless.
0.875 "Extraordinary" is used here in both meanings of the word: highly unusual and exceptional.
0.8 Stay with it and you'll discover a devastatingly powerful blast at red tape and an achingly moving examination of what we will all have to face one day.
0.8 Long, but engrossing and frequently enraging drama that not only exposes the flaws in the Romanian health service, but also in modern humanity.
0.875 This two-and-half-hour Romanian drama may sound like a trial, but it's oddly, warmly captivating.
1.0 The movie is a stunner, so hypnotic that the length hardly matters.
1.0 [The] uniquely Eastern European brand of absurdity recalls the work of Vaclav Havel, playwright and former President of Czechoslovakia. At least, it would be absurd if it weren't so credible.
0.75 As both a film and an indictment of health-care practices, it's scathing and effective.
0.875 By recording this all too commonplace and dehumanizing process, Puiu's film shows the sick old man and the strangers who deal with him to be all too human -- extraordinarily so.
0.875 The film seems pitiless as it records every detail but, as you watch a man who clings to life and an ambulance driver whose search for a hospital becomes a mythic quest, what you're left with is compassion.
1.0 Puiu maintains a strong current of suspense about the outcome -- despite the title, will this Lazarus be revived? --- and a bracingly cynical sense of humor that rescues the material from being a total downer.
0.6 Fiscuteanu's Lazarescu is a strange, compelling creation, and if you allow it time, this haunting, artful movie will get under your skin.
0.8 If you love adventurous cinema, [Cristi] Puiu's transcendent, unique foray into the culture of health care is a must-see.
1.0 I suspect medical professionals would see much they recognize in this movie. The credits include a long list of technical advisers, but it doesn't take an adviser to convince you the movie is authentic.
1.0 It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm, but the Romanian film The Death of Mr. Lazarescu is a rich, strange and weirdly gratifying odyssey.
0.8 A mordant parable of and about our time as well as a poem of personal urban decay.
0.7 It's rainy and dark as death in Bucharest in a tale of that last ride on Medicare.
0.8 It's one of those films where we root for almost everybody.
1.0 It's full of humor, pathos and a deep humanism that comes as a warm blast in this age of lifeless, cinematic junk.
0.75 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu would seem to give its plot away with its title. But, as the movie itself demonstrates, not everything is as it first seems.
0.625 ... dark and overlong drama ...
0.4 This stark, gritty Romanian import from co-writer/director Cristi Puiu isn't so much unsuccessful as it is excruciatingly dull.
1.0 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu takes aim at the grotesqueries of the hospital experience with killing accuracy, like a mallet blow to the knee that comes down harder than anticipated.
0.375 It's supposed to be about a Kafkaesque experience. Instead, it is a Kafkaesque experience. Why are we here? Is everything absurd? Is anyone in charge?
0.6 Not a line of the pungent dialogue is wasted. Beneath the quasi-documentary veneer lies a well-written screenplay.
1.0 The ailing title character in this thorny masterpiece by the Romanian director Cristi Puiu suffers a late-night descent through circles of medical hell.
0.8 a gentle parable of the delicacy of mortality
0.8 A sad and scary film about the ignominy of dying alone in a hospital room surrounded by strangers and without dignity.
0.7 A brilliant work of cinematic art.
0.875 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu comes on like a force of nature; radiating a startling intensity, it demands to be reckoned with.
0.75 Entirely too long, but the samurai game of cat and mouse, the strategizing, is fascinating.
0.6 ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope, and it's hard to imagine anyone topping it any time soon.
0.8 Consegue combinar uma abordagem mais classica, tradicional, aos toques de violencia bizarra tipicas da filmografia de Miike.
0.9 13 Assassins evokes a classic filmmaking style sharpened by Takashi Miike's modern energy.
0.8 A much fresher experience than would seem likely for such a well-trod genre.
0.9 Miike's sadistic fetishization of violence and suffering is nowhere in evidence.
0.8 A wildly entertaining blockbuster that should appeal outside the extreme Asian cinema niche market.
0.7 The excessive mind of Japanese director Takashi Miike (Audition; Ichi the Killer) throttles back the gore to deliver a disciplined, refreshingly grounded samurai action film.
0.7 Miike plays it by the age-old rules, and the result, while undeniably entertaining, is unexpectedly tame, at least by Miike standards
0.8 The once dormant samurai movie is rejuvenated in 13 Assassins, a spirited and violent romp which delves into the honour and savagery of samurai ideology.
0.8 13 Assassins looks at honour from many angles, without becoming simplistic. Ichii hasn't lost his edge after all.
0.8 The sense of loss, of waste, for a society, a culture, is just heartbreaking. That feeling is something special in a 21st century action picture.
0.9 Filmed with inspiration from Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, Takashi Miike delves into his nation's past to create a noble movie that will please fight fans but gives so much more thanks to a compelling story.
0.7 While the characterisations are sometimes lacking, the swordplay never is.
0.8 The action and spectacle in this film is outstanding making it one of Miike's best films to date.
0.75 The grandiose concluding sequence is not staged with finesse or subtlety, but with brutal finality. It is the Japanese samurai film equivalent of a barroom brawl on an epic scale, and the violence is punishing.
0.875 It's an incredibly violent, insanely entertaining movie that features scores of baddies getting killed by sword, arrow, knife, boiling oil, even a stampede of bulls. Wait, check that. Not just bulls. Flaming bulls.
0.75 If you can handle the blood, it's a very satisfying tale of vengeance and honor.
1.0 Epic. Unforgettable. Relentless. Magnificently entertaining.
1.0 13 Assassins may well be the most wholly accomplished and satisfying film to come our way all year.
0.75 The 13th assassin, an uncouth mountain man, offers a critique of his noble companions -- and of the code-of-duty genre he finds himself occupying -- when he comments: 'Do only samurai matter in this world?'
0.8 It absolutely, undeniably delivers the goods. And those goods are soaked in blood.
0.875 Does Guinness World Records have an entry for longest on-screen fight? If it doesn't, Takashi Miike's "13 Assassins" just set it. And if a record actually exists, Miike's film just broke it.
0.625 The dialectic about duty may not translate to a modern Western audience, but the savage sword-fighting is to die for.
0.875 "13 Assassins" has what many action pictures need, a villain who transcends evil and ascends to a realm of barbaric madness.
1.0 ... a subversive, action-packed, beautifully crafted samurai revenge epic ... climaxes in a 40-minute pitched battle that utilizes sword, arrow, spear, slingshot and &#8210; here's a new one &#8210; burning bull.
0.875 A richly cathartic experience with a wide range of emotional colors.
0.75 13 Assassins is a savage, insane movie - in the best way possible.
0.625 It's as if Miike wished to add his name to the list of old-time, classical action directors, alongside the likes of Robert Aldrich or Sam Peckinpah.
1.0 The film really isn't much like anything else. It's also likely to land on the shortlist of the year's best.
1.0 A film, like so many samurai stories (and American westerns) about brotherhood, justice and sacrifice, 13 Assassins is, at turns, thrilling and funny, visually exquisite and emotionally charged.
0.8 13 Assassins may look like another classic samurai film in the old-school tradition, but it is to Kurosawa's genre classics what Sam Peckinpah's westerns were to John Huston's.
0.6 13 Assassins builds into a decent action-fest.
0.6 Miike directs the "village of death" battle with an astonishing relentlessness: just when you think you've seen the last bout of flesh-skewering, he tips another bloody bucket of slaughter into the mix.
0.8 It takes a while to hit its stride but when 13 Assassins finds its groove, this magically turns into one of the most memorable - and shocking - action films in an absolute age.
0.6 What's special about 13 Assassins is a 45-minute battle scene in which 13 heroic warriors take on the vastly superior army of a wickedly sadistic Shogun lord.
0.6 It suffers from an inordinately protracted middle section that should have been half an hour shorter, but turns into the kind of bloodbath you would expect from Tarantino.
0.6 13 Assassins musters nearly twice as many swordsmen as Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and is about two-thirds as good, although it delivers the requisite genre thrills.
0.875 Epic in scope, ambition, and execution, it's a classic swords-and-samurai film with postmodern blood and guts, and it's completely satisfying.
0.8 Pays off thrillingly with a virtuoso 45-minute bloodbath you won't easily forget.
0.8 Miike's magnificent 13 mark both the end of an era and the boundary of a genre.
0.8 Impressively directed, sharply written and superbly acted, this is an emotionally engaging samurai drama that builds to a thrilling climactic showdown lasting a full 45 minutes.
0.8 The controlled set-up effectively explores notions of honour and servitude in a time when the bushido era was drawing to a close, before giving way to a terrific, 40-minute climax that's sheer martial artistry in all its mud-and blood-splattered glory.
0.6 "I thought samurai would be fun but you bore me," says one character. I'm afraid that, after two hours, I agree, though the action is fairly well done if you like that sort of thing.
1.0 Nearly every image is memorable: it is hard to pick out the most mind-blowing.
0.6 A devoutly classical, if not exactly classic, remake of a 1963 period samurai film.
0.8 The action is intense, inventive and vastly compelling with enough twists and turns to keep your attention throughout.
0.875 The 45 minutes of unrelenting carnage that conclude 13 Assassins are as crimson-soaked as fans would expect. And yet this tale is also moving.
1.0 The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation.
0.6 A decent historical drama, with one of the best extended battle scenes (a full half of the movie is the face-off in the 'village of death') in recent memory.
0.8 The two halves of 13 Assassins are as finely balanced as one of the samurai swords from its grand, limb-lopping LOL-fest of a finale.
0.75 The great thing, typically, about a Takashi Miike film is that there's no such thing as a typical Takashi Miike film.
0.8 Try the entire last 40 minutes of the movie. It's sort of like being on one of those theme park rides that spins you around until you're dizzy and out of breath, only this one shoots a firehose of blood into your face while you're on it.
0.9 The "town of death" sequence, which takes up nearly the second half of the film, ranks among the great action set-pieces ever filmed.
0.875 "13 Assassins" is a must-see for Miike's passionate legion of fans. But even action buffs who've never seen any of his films before will be drawn in by this masterful exercise in cinematic butchery.
0.9 For all its bloodshed and mayhem, 13 Assassins is one of the most joyously energetic and exciting movies I've seen in the last year, and maybe even the last two years.
0.8 A classic samurai movie, right up there among the finest in the genre.
0.8 There will be blood, rivers of it, in point of fact. 13 Assassins is Miike's bid for a jewel on Akira Kurosawa's crown, and as such, it's an audacious attempt that turns out to be his most stylistically formal film to date.
0.8 A stirring, unexpectedly moving story of love and blood...
0.8 No one who has seen Seven Samurai will be surprised by the trajectory and outcome of Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't plenty of surprises and enormous thrills to be found within
0.9 Takashi Miike's samurai adventure 13 Assassins is so beautifully made, it could serve as a model for contemporary American action films.
1.0 If Miike had to make all of his other flicks to get to this brilliant catharsis, it was worth it.
0.85 Takashi Miike's masterwork, the type of grand filmmaking we've always come to expect from him and the film that should get him taken more seriously among cinephiles and mainstream movie fans alike.
0.8 There is plenty of blood in 13 Assassins, but Miike quietly builds his characters and their dilemmas, leading up to a grand spectacle of swordplay that includes a whopping 45 minute action finale.
0.75 That tension between a servant's duty and moral responsibility forms the crux of 13 Assassins, and proves a standard dynamic that Miike handles without subversive humor or irony.
1.0 13 Assassins single-handedly revitalises the samurai film, taking it to new heights with incomparable style and excitement. Make all possible haste to see this grand-scale epic on the biggest screen you can find.
0.8 ...a big movie that will overwhelm you with its scope...
0.7 The last hour is a wildly entertaining orgy of swords, blood, fire and mud that goes on longer than it probably should, and yet never gets tiresome.
0.985 One of the most essential, potent and haunting documentary war films ever made.
0.5 An affectionate parody of Japanese giant-monster hero shows to make points about the unraveling of Japan's cultural heritage.
0.8 The movie's shambling, matter-of-fact approach to pulpy material is funny, as is its steadfast avoidance of visual hype.
0.5 Big Man Japan shows a good mockumentary needs more than killer concept to make us howl.
0.875 Very funny in an insidious way.
0.7 This is Matsumoto's first feature (he's a famously odd Japanese comedian), but it's a distinctively bizarre piece of work. Remember the name.
0.25 The film, written, directed and starring stand-up comic Hitoshi Matsumoto has, like most superheroes, a tragic flaw: It isn't funny.
0.55 A cheesy B-movie that's initially refreshing, funny and a guilty pleasure, but eventually sinks into tedium while its comic energy and imagination concurrently diminish.
0.5 At nearly two hours, Big Man Japan is clever (in a sick sort of way) but overlong. It needs judicious editing -- more mockumentary, fewer superhero antics.
0.4 As in life, the nonmonster stuff goes on too long. But wait until the giant baby shows up.
0.625 It's as much fun as an old, popcorn-throwing kiddie matinee of Destroy All Monsters -- and far funnier intentionally than most superhero movies are accidentally.
0.8 You've probably never seen anything like Big Man Japan.
0.7 The most impressive special effect here is Mr. Matsumoto's hilariously restrained performance, a tour de force of comedic concision in a movie bloated by increasingly surreal developments.
0.6 The fight scenes, with their absurdist humor and various creatively designed and executed monsters, will earn the film a deserving cult.
0.625 Matsumoto and Mitsuyoshi Takasu trade the grand for the gargantuan, the battle-drama for the video game fight.
0.5 A one-joke mockumentary about a misfit superhero, Hitoshi Matsumoto's kaiju eiga comedy milks a slight idea for all it's worth and then some.
0.75 Blending the best elements of Hancock, Godzilla and This Is Spinal Tap, Big Man Japan is likely to work for you to the extent you're willing to endure special effects almost as cheap as those in the original bad B-flicks being lampooned.
0.6 Surpasses any mockumentary you've ever seen.
0.8 One minute it's Godzilla Meets Mothra, the next it's Kramer vs. Kramer. Gotta love it.
0.7 A flick tailor-made for the midnight slate at your favorite film festival. Especially if it's a festival that allows you to drink beer during screenings.
0.56 Ultimately, The Mourning Forest is not so much flawed as it is unable to create a very powerful impression.
1.0 Bresson's stripped-to-the-bone adaptation eschews the traditionally heroic, spectacular, fabulous, and exaltedly romantic aspects of the legendary saga in order to lay bare the confusion and pain within the human soul.
0.5 The style is intact but the content is missing.
1.0 It has a magnificence that creeps out a little at a time, especially over repeated viewings.
1.0 One suspects that Bresson wanted to interpret Arthurian legend in a way that would emphasize its petty emotions and physicalities.
1.0 Having seen Bresson's filmography in full (including this film twice), I'm convinced that Lancelot of the Lake is on par with his very best and most transcendent work.
0.75 Bresson's style may not be for everyone, but one has to respect his strength as an artist.
0.5 We get so used to foreign filmmakers giving us original twists on genres like horror it's disappointing to be reminded that they can be banal and derivative too.
0.5 Every new zombie movie, however, has to be a little bit different than the one that came before it. Otherwise, it wouldn't be horrifying or much fun.
0.625 It's almost endearing how little Wirkola disguises his thefts from the gore-fests of Raimi, Peter Jackson and George A. Romero.
0.625 ...gorehounds will undoubtedly be willing to overlook the movie's various flaws once the admittedly stellar third act rolls around.
0.7 The sprightliest movie about mowing down revenants with a chainsaw that you are are ever likely to see.
0.75 The Norwegian Nazi-zombie movie Dead Snow is quite the jolly mountain holiday, pitting a group of medical students against a battalion of undead, unpleasant and unstoppable German soldiers hellbent on ruining a perfectly good Easter vacation.
0.5 This splatter film is set in Norway, but rest assured, it sticks with the formula.
0.625 If Mystery Science Theater 3000 had never existed, Dead Snow would have had to invent it.
0.6 Those undead baddies, allegedly flash-frozen since World War II, are kind of unique, but they don't make up for the sense of deja vu one feels watching the rest of Wirkola's bloody vacation-from-hell-athon.
0.675 A mindlessly entertaining horror film that starts off slow and dull, but, midway, it turns into a tongue-in-cheek, gory and guilty pleasure that will please avid horror fans. For maximum enjoyment, see it late at night with a large group of friends...
0.53 Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be.
0.6 Despite some dry humor, this is no-frills horror, from the hacked limbs to the gouged eyes.
0.75 [Director] Wirkola keeps the narrative taut, wasting not a frame; and he throws in funny moments, one involving a Nazi's icky intestine. Matt Weston's cinematography adds to the twisted charm.
0.4 Trust me, either this isn't your kind of movie at all or you've seen everything here done better and with fewer metaphoric quotation marks hovering over it.
0.6 Chomp-chomp, zip-zip go the Nazi zombies in Dead Snow, a self-consciously outlandish horror flick.
0.625 If you're in the mood for splatter, well, any film in which someone avoids a nasty fall by grabbing not a rope but a slowly unwinding intestine is certainly in the mood to deliver it.
0.7 Told in three completely different acts and styles, Dead Snow is like a primer of how the last 30 years of Hollywood horror has redefined the international scary movie landscape.
0.6 The movie definitely delivers in the gore department. The movie's problem -- you knew there had to be one -- is its uncertain tone.
0.75 Hitler of the Dead!
0.625 If you tamp down your expectations there is a storm of scary fun to be had in this Scandinavian splatterfest.
0.7 Finally a terrified 20-something has the opportunity to dangle off a cliff while hanging by the intestines of a Nazi zombie.
0.5 Norwegian zombie film is pretty standard, by-the-numbers fare, so generic it might as well have been shot by a soulless Hollywood studio.
0.6 DEAD SNOW is done with sufficient style to keep it interesting, but a little originality would have gone a long way.
0.75 Hematophagous audiences dissatisfied with Drag Me to Hell could do worse for a double feature than Dead Snow, a Norwegian love letter to American camp-horror.
0.7 It's a nice zombie confection with a smirking swirl...basically a love letter to Sam Raimi's first two Evil Dead films.
0.375 Dead Snow features a great premise - Nazi zombies! - and literally nothing else for horror hounds to chew on.
0.5 how does one ever live up to the promise of Nazi zombies?
0.8 Director Wirkola obviously knows the zombie genre inside out %u2013 and isn't afraid to pull its innards out farther than they've been pulled before.
0.7 Although not exactly all that scary, Dead Snow earns big points for enthusiasm, creativity, and a powerful devotion to all things ultra-splattery.
0.6 Much more than just another martial arts movie.
0.8 Great follow-up to OUATIC. More of a political conspiracy plot than a cultural one, but still has great fight scenes.
0.82 With its ability to maintain a balance between a high standard of intense action and thought-provoking storytelling, Once Upon a Time in China II accomplishes something very few sequels achieve: it outshines the original.
0.6 ...a more controlled, skillfully woven film overflowing with a talented cast and crew.
0.6 Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking.
1.0 Seldom has a director encountered so many frustrations and obstacles, and turned those obstructions into inspirations, integrating them into his vision.
1.0 A Shakespeare movie that lives and breathes like few others.
0.8 Welles genius behind the camera brings one of the Bard's darkest plays to life.
1.0 Othello has been filmed numerous times, but never with such extraordinary visual grace and power.
0.875 The text of the original play has been slashed to its bare bones, with bravura cinematography and editing also helping make this a taut, visceral experience.
0.5 There are flashes of brilliant suggestion in this tumbled, slurred, and helter-skelter film. But they add up to nothing substantial -- just a little Shakespeare and a lot of Welles.
0.8 Noir drama without the usual suspects...dark, macabre and delightfully done.
1.0 Welles gives the Shakespeare classic a visceral punch that's often missing from theatrical adaptations.
0.75 Any film student who hasn't seen this film has not completed his education. And for the rest of us, this Othello is a fascinating film with moments of great power.
0.75 From its opening shots, where the camera looks down on a solemn funeral procession, Othello exhibits Welles' flair for dramatic compositions.
0.6 Infernal Affairs III reveals the desperate lengths men will go to protect their covers and to survive the internal agonies of fear, stress and lack of trust.
0.5 It seemingly exists to buff its predecessors' rough spots but only tarnishes their memories.
0.7 Falling is at once a character study times five and something of a generational snapshot.
0.75 Charging Albert's film with looking too much like an American chick flick is to give it short shrift.
0.5 Barbara Albert, the director-writer of the Austrian soaper Falling, probably never thought to call her film One Wedding and a Funeral, but it would have been an appropriate title.
0.5 Fallen is about listlessness in the face of personal and global turmoil and about gesturing toward a political stance.
0.333333333333 Part feel-bad cinema and part female-bonding session, Barbara Albert's Big Chill-ish melodrama gathers together five former schoolmates who meet up again at a professor's funeral.
0.5 Meanders forward with little apparent direction and virtually no interesting drama.
0.5 Jay Jonroy, who wrote and directed David & Layla, has come up with some potentially funny material that doesn't quite work.
0.625 The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic cliches is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy's cross-culture love story, which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding.
0.625 My Big Fat Muslim Wedding!
0.625 Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy's comedy, and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new (along with a feast of great-looking food) is being brought to the table.
0.3 David and Layla is proof, if proof be needed, that good intentions just aren't enough.
0.375 David and Layla isn't going to solve any problems -- it's got way too many of its own.
0.4 Rather than a real drama about these things, David & Layla plays like '70s-era sitcom.
0.625 Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about: finding the good in those different from you. It's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all.
0.375 The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended, but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment.
0.5 There is nothing poetic about it.
0.6 Though it's no Romeo and Juliet, David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message.
0.6 The type of work that is easy to admire but difficult to like
0.8 Packed with cultural references and sly satire, this is also a hugely entertaining comic romp.
0.8 Utterly charming.
1.0 A beautiful and touching story.
1.0 From this beginning, aided by the beautiful, luminous black-and-white cinematography of Soumendru Roy, Ray contrives an extraordinary world, at once Arcadian and yet possessed of utter, unforced naturalness and reality.
0.2 By the time the plot (if you can call it that) went off the deep end ... I had already stopped caring.
1.0 Essential viewing.
1.0 The film establishes a kinetic documentary effect, making the impact of every shoot-out and explosion a deeply personal experience.
0.875 Partially because of its documentary style, used so effectively by director Gillo Pontecorvo, it never gets heavy-handed -- exploring the idea of violence as a necessary evil for freedom.
1.0 One of the essential works of world cinema.
1.0 A riveting reconstruction of the struggle for independence in mid-50s Algiers, its pseudo-documentary style still feels as headline-fresh as its content.
1.0 Gillo Pontecorvo's epic of revolutionary fervour has dimmed not an iota since it was first released in 1966.
1.0 Forty years on, the film's lost not a fraction of its power.
1.0 Whatever they made of The Battle of Algiers at the Pentagon, this is a must-see for everyone else now.
1.0 Brilliantly directed set-pieces and remarkable thronging crowd scenes make the film a masterpiece; the ominous familiarity of its subject makes it a must-see.
1.0 The most important piece of political filmmaking since Battleship Potemkin.
1.0 what really resonates on watching Algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war
0.8 While it's clear that the movie is very much a stacked deck, which invariably takes the Algerian side, the bias doesn't lessen the film's lesson.
1.0 What lessons a modern viewer can gain from the film depends on who is watching and what they want to see.
0.5 This film has received a lot of praise from critics, but not that many people will find this that entertaining.
1.0 What makes this Charlotte Film Society entry remarkable is that the Italian director sympathizes with both sides.
1.0 The film's explosive power transcends the headlines.
0.875 The painful, desperate film, a re-enactment of Algerian revolutionaries' efforts to break free from French rule, is a practical textbook on how not to run an occupation.
1.0 An extraordinary movie that ruffled many feathers when it first came out. Almost 40 years later, it retains the poignancy it delivered back then.
0.7 A fascinating movie in its own right, more relevant because of today's world situation.
1.0 A chilling cinematic history lesson.
0.875 The film's ruminations about the meaning of terrorism and efforts to deal with it really resonate in the post-9/11 world. That makes this already-tense film all the more chilling and all the more memorable.
0.875 As something similar happens to our soldiers in Iraq, it's a piece of blood-chilling horror every time we see this story from today's news repeated in a 38-year-old movie.
0.875 It remains a surprisingly instructive and cautionary lesson in the way that populist movements can burn parent states down to their grass roots.
0.875 The Battle of Algiers still resonates today, and probably always will
1.0 Pontecorvo essentially established the cinematic language that we recognize in recent dramas based on actual events, from Bloody Sunday to Black Hawk Down.
0.875 Still powerful and upsetting because of its unpolished immediacy ... and because the movie declines to judge the terrorists' actions.
1.0 Gripping and technically dazzling documentary-style drama.
1.0 Perhaps the finest political film of the 1960s.
1.0 Magnificent moviemaking.
1.0 It remains one of the greatest depictions of the mutually dehumanizing nature of war ever made.
1.0 The chafing, mutually uncomprehending collision of Western occupiers and Muslim occupied has never been captured with such dispassionate, thrilling clarity.
1.0 Few movies have done such an eloquent, evenhanded job of defining the conflict between colonialists and natives determined to free themselves from foreign rule.
0.75 The director's real achievement is not in making a piece of agitprop but in using these fundamental tools of cinema in such an extraordinarily affecting way.
1.0 A startling and still-potent view of the double standard of war.
0.75 This lesson in modern warfare is not only instructive to the Pentagon's military but is of considerable value to any generation's fascination with law, order, anarchic behavior and classic story-telling technique.
0.8 a lesson in modern warfare
1.0 The 'smell of truth' that Pontecorvo said he was after in this film has never left it, and likely never will.
1.0 Like all masterpieces, it speaks to later ages as powerfully and intelligently as to its own.
1.0 A timelessly powerful film.
1.0 Vital and disquieting, this is a powerful depiction of the pity of war. As shocking today as it was on the day of its release.
1.0 It looks beyond any question to be an original documentary film, put together from newsreel footage, complemented by staged dramatic scenes.
0.2 It offers a central conceit that makes no sense and a mystery that makes even less.
0.75 Blood sprays, limbs fall, bodies are chopped in half -- business as usual in this moderately diverting feudal Japanese revenge story, enlivened by peculiar plot twists and offbeat cinematic flourishes that greatly influenced Quentin Tarantino.
0.8 Mandatory viewing for all KILL BILL fans. Meiko Kaji is a heartstopping beauty with big, expressive eyes that are suitably haunted-looking for the character she portrays.
0.5 Familiar, soapy script.
0.8 Wise, beautifully acted and well-observed.
0.9 Swinton approaches Julia with an all-or-nothing attitude, creating an ungodly eccentric character and evoking an impressive array of audience emotions.
0.75 Tilda Swinton's strong central performance saves an otherwise routine drug drama.
0.2 One should hope Tilda Swinton has a good dental plan - it will come in handy when the time comes to pry out the scenery she aggressively chomps.
0.75 In Erick Zonca's tense and juicy noir, Tilda Swinton plays the title role with a crusty panache matched only by her matted, flaming-red thatch of hair (a character in its own right).
0.8 Tilda Swinton is electrifying in this riveting, knock-your-socks-off crime thriller that is just about as intense as movies get.
0.875 Charles Bukowski would have loved this foul-mouthed, fiery, reckless woman. Against all odds and common sense, you will, too.
0.75 In a sense, it goes to all the places a sensitive character study might have gone, but more dramatically, convincingly and vividly.
1.0 A nerve-wracking thriller with a twisty plot and startling realism.
0.7 Swinton is mesmerising as a messed-up drunk.
0.7 a tonally-consistent, lively thriller that is very much of the filmmaker's own little corner of the world
0.6 This is not really sure what it wants to be, an out-an-out thriller or a character portrait, but it exels at both in parts.
0.5 Boasts an electrifying, brave performance by Tilda Swinton and has a thrilling initial half, but eventually becomes tedious and convoluted while lacking plausibility and insight into the titular character.
0.9 Zonca's Julia is a difficult movie to stomach, but entirely worth the emotional unrest it puts through you.
0.4 We never get a good look at her demons, just the havoc they wreak.
0.375 Picture Fargo played with no sense of comedy, and you'll get some idea of the absurdity of this drunken floozy, clicking and wobbling on high heels, often with bits of her anatomy hanging out, trying to pull off the perfect crime.
0.75 Like any beautiful, heartbreaking wreck -- we can never take our eyes off Julia. Or the fierce and uncompromising actress bringing her to awful, astonishing life.
0.2 A bungled thriller that starts out badly and never recovers.
0.6 Ms. Swinton doesn't have Ms. Rowlands' tenderness, but, damn, she has just about everything else you need or want.
0.7 [Tilda Swinton] is on screen for nearly every second of this two-and-a-quarter-hour-plus film and it's a startling star turn indeed.
0.7 Will be remembered for the unforgettable performance by Swinton that drives this inventive thriller.
0.875 Zonca's story is an unruly beast, lurching this way and that like a biker hopped up on mescaline and paint thinner, its unpredictable rowdiness in sync with its out-of-control protagonist.
0.6 Swinton's character may be unsympathetic but the actress imbues her with a humanity that is engaging.
0.84 Julia is at once a marvel of screen acting, an unthinkably black comedy, and one of the few truly nail-biting suspense films to emerge this decade.
0.5 It's the slow burn of Swinton's idiosyncratic but engrossing interpretation of this unlikely heroine that holds the movie together and provides an end result that is both affecting and teasingly different.
0.4 Zonca has put together an ambitious and forthright story, but Swinton's contribution looks more like an actressy impersonation than a performance, and indeed Zonca's film itself looks like a European facsimile of Americana.
0.6 Weighing in at 140 minutes, it's a long, often difficult watch, but made compelling by Swinton's tour-de-force and some solid support, particularly Saul Rubinek as her sympathetic ex-boyfriend.
0.4 If the script had been half as powerful as Swinton, this could have been special.
0.4 Swinton's Julia is one of those performances that goes so far in repelling audience sympathy that it comes out the other side looking almost admirable.
0.8 Julia, by and large, is a tale of desperate opportunists, fugitive souls who survive by living on their wits, taking risks and making it up as they go along. It sometimes feels that a similar person is behind the camera as well as in front of it.
0.8 Gripping, tense and often wildly unpredictable thriller, superbly directed by Erick Zonca and featuring a ferocious central performance from Tilda Swinton.
0.8 It is no easier to warm to Zonca's film than to its central character - but it is impossible to take your eyes off either. Amoral, at times brutal, and full of surprises...
0.6 It's largely Tilda Swinton's presence that saves Julia from itself.
0.875 Bergman's classic sparkles with wit and innuendo in a way that most modern romantic comedies can't even come close to.
1.0 Though Bergman's staging of the affair occasionally suggests a proscenium is just beyond the frame, the ensemble brings joyful veracity to the romantic complications and well-drawn characters.
0.7 Lusty comedy of manners plays like a lighter Rules of the Game.
0.8 Who would have thought that august Sweden would be sending us a film comedy as witty and cheerfully candid about the complexities of love as any recent French essay on l'amour?
1.0 As a maker of romantic comedies, Bergman proves himself the equal of Ernst Lubitsch in his heyday at Paramount in the early 1930s.
0.6 Bergman was a master to have crafted all of this material together so that it was entertaining.
1.0 Nothing about this strange, moving work of agit-pop has ever seemed out of date. If anything, "Alphaville" moves closer to relevance with every passing year.
1.0 A bracing salute to American gangster pics, with a jumpy European post-war uncertainty thrown in.
1.0 Although this is drastically different compared to the rest of Godard's oeuvre, it has without a doubt had a lasting impact with its ground-breaking visuals.
0.8 Karina proves to be the beating heart of the movie, getting its piercing last line (no spoilers here). Yet it's Constantine's ravaged mug that you remember.
0.8 It may mean absolutely nothing, but it's undeniably one interesting ride -- across universes in a Ford Galaxy.
0.87 The haunting imagery and dystopian vision of Alphaville deserves comparison to Fritz Lang's Metropolis
0.4 New Wave classic. Set bold new standards. Whatever.
1.0 This cold war allegorical sci-fi film is imaginatively made and proves that sometimes the most mundane images can become dazzling in the right context.
0.8 Packed to the brim with imagination, particularly the insane 2nd half.
1.0 It works both as a philosophical treatise on politics and film as well as an entertaining and often amusing look at a future overrun by technology.
0.9 A poetic, funny, and visually inspired blend of sci-fi, detective-film satire, and political allegory.
1.0 Esta fascinante mistura de noir, 1984 e Admiravel Mundo Novo filosofa, como Solaris faria sete anos depois, sobre a natureza do homem e suas contradicoes.
1.0 Godard's masterpiece of French new-wave cinema. Essential viewing.
0.6 These ideas are more prevalent than ever, which tends to horribly date Alphaville against its more thought-out successors like A Clockwork Orange and Blade Runner.
0.4 Director Manuel Carballo seems to be trying for the psychological unease of Blindness, or perhaps of something by Cronenberg, but it's never more than artificial terror wrapped in bland social commentary.
0.625 This is a serious, austere film that feels as if it's barely restraining the B-movie within. In the end, it fights itself to a draw.
0.6 The Returned is a zombie movie without the zombies, generating scares through social commentary and human nature, which actually makes for a welcome change of pace.
0.8 Refreshingly intelligent, subversive and psychologically terrifying. It's much more than your average zombie film.
0.625 Carballo offsets the lack of surprise with such efficient suspense builders as propulsive music, ambient noise, realistic lighting and judicious handheld camerawork while efficiently explaining the science and politics behind what is happening.
0.4 The Returned is sort of about prejudice and paranoia, but for the most part, the social commentary is as absent as the action, with both taking a back seat to clever conceptualizing.
0.75 One of the most original, entertaining, and creepy zombie movies of recent years.
0.375 Manuel Carballo's film proves that the zombie narrative is still capable of subversion, but does so with the laziest, Lifetime-grade intimations of social relevance.
0.75 A Kafkaesque nightmare scenario of dread and ambiguity rooted in the aimlessness of contemporary life.
1.0 A stunning examination of the effects of emotional isolation and the inability to communicate in the modern age.
0.5 Michael Haneke could be cinema's Debbie Downer, if only he had any sense of humor.
0.75 Barbara Sarafian provides a full-bodied portrait of mature female strength as a mother named Matty in Moscow, Belgium.
0.625 The movie just can't decide whether it likes romance or disdains it, whether it wants to be dark or bright.
0.625 There's nothing special about the story in Moscow, Belgium. But the lead performance? Very special.
0.75 A romantic drama, interwoven with bright ribbons of humor.
0.6 Moscow, Belgium feels not only like a movie from another culture but from another world.
0.75 As Matty, Sarafian is a marvel as she changes from a gray moth to a girlish butterfly, and Delnaet is delightful as the slightly dangerous Johnny.
0.7 A European-style chick flick where all the women are wonderful and the men jerks. Unlike the American genre, this is one men can actually sit through and enjoy
0.75 Few films tackle the question of whether a man with a history of domestic violence can learn to love again -- and fewer still do it in a subtly comedic and charming way.
0.8 Nothing will ever be easy for any of these characters, and that is why we care about them so.
0.875 Emotions run deep but are never overdone.
0.8 Director Christophe Van Rompaey takes the oldest story in film, "boy meets girl," and turns it into something fresh and new with sparkling performances by Barbara Sarafian and Jurgen Delnaet.
0.95 Masterfully blends romance and comedy in a refreshing, endearing, life-affirming and unHollywood way without feeling contrived, corny or convoluted.
0.75 Moscow, Belgium is a romantic comedy with a different flavor. Although it follows many of the familiar patterns that characterize movies of this genre, it does enough things differently to allow it to step outside of the norm.
0.75 The way Belgian actress Barbara Sarafian plays the opening sequence you're not sure if you're entering a tragedy, or a tragicomedy, or what. The film turns out to be "or what." It's also worth seeing.
0.75 Notice how deeply the director, Christophe van Rompaey, has drawn us into these lives, how much we finally care, and with what sympathy all the actors enter into the enterprise.
1.0 My pick for best romantic comedy of the year--from any country.
0.7 With no shortage of wit and ample awareness of the human condition, Moscow, Belgium revolves around a complex female character, wonderfully limned by Barbara Sarafian.
0.75 A pleasing alternative to the season's Oscar-baiting movies.
0.6 The steady attention to detail in Moscow, Belgium lends it a texture rarely found in films about domestic life.
0.6 A feisty romantic comedy about a middle-aged woman who realizes that she has a few options still left whereby she can transform her life.
0.375 The aspirations of this quirky Belgian import might be feel-good indie, but the copious flaws smack of pure Hollywood drivel.
0.4 Ultimately Angel-A never takes flight, weighted down by an overabundance of metaphysical cliches stolen from other films.
0.5 The film settles into a laid-back groove that is, how shall we say, endlessly boring.
0.8 Besson gives the movie a warmth and charm all its own...
0.5 ... a visually sumptuous, dramatically inert fable ...
0.5 A gorgeous-looking film whose crisp, black-and-white photography is unfortunately much more thrilling than its simplistic, cloying story.
0.6 Besson's black-and-white angel fantasy is a weak homage to Wings of Desire, if that's what he was shooting for.
0.4 An ultimately dull nonaffair.
0.6 It's compelling largely due to its appealing cast.
0.625 Angel-A is a not very persuasive argument on behalf of heavenly intercession, but its co-star, Rie Rasmussen, will make you believe in intelligent design.
0.5 Besson... cribs heavily from Wings of Desire and Heaven Can Wait. If he had thought of it, he would have dressed someone in an Anaheim Angels jersey to elbow your ribs that much further.
0.5 ...the characters here are so unlikable that it's hard to care what happens to them.
0.75 What's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around.
0.875 Luc Besson returns to his roots in this delightful, funny and stylish fantasy. Shot in gloriously crisp black and white, it's also a bit of a throwback to the French New Wave for its technique and dazzling location vignettes across Paris.
0.625 You desperately want the story, and the characters, to make some kind of emotional sense. This, however, does not happen.
0.8 Besson excels at stories about rough characters who are saved through their relationship with a more civilized character (as in The Professional and La Femme Nikita). Angel-A adheres to that paradigm, but it also has more soul, humor and warmth than those
0.875 Beautifully shot and superbly acted...
0.5 [The] plot is warmed-over Capra, and it's no wonderful-life yarn.
0.5 The strained fairy tale feels like writer/director Luc Besson's effort to move beyond the pop giddiness of La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element to a mature statement about issues important to him, but the effort overshadows the message.
0.75 Angel-A drops by most of the touristy Parisian hot spots and, shot in the glorious black-and-white of Henri Cartier-Bresson, makes them all look spectacular and gritty at the same time.
0.625 Besson's dialogue is often inane, occasionally sounding like it is copied verbatim out of a new age self-help manual.
0.625 It seems Besson can be sentimental about Paris but he's still not ready to get too romantic with people.
0.625 This Parisian fable is a talkathon, affecting a silly toughness, but the sights are good to see again.
0.5 If you'd like a look at Paris in all its splendour, look no further than Angel-A. Just be sure that in order to see Paris in all its splendour you don't mind sitting through a silly little comedy with a dopey ending.
0.25 Feels like a mash-up of It's a Wonderful Life and Xanadu, without the wholesome sweetness of the first and the campy excesses of the second.
0.5 The movie doesn't aspire to be anything but a lightweight pastiche that rehashes your memories of other, better movies.
0.375 Angel-A is all icky fantasy.
0.5 Surprise, surprise - Luc Besson envisions a celestial being as a leggy, skinny super model.
0.625 We all have our own view of paradise, but as long as Besson has Arbogast, his camera and those surreal bare Parisian streets, his schlocky heaven enchants the eye, if not the mind.
0.5 To call Angel-A unconvincing would be an Eiffel Tower-sized understatement.
0.75 The overall experience of the movie is of something fresh. And while it inhabits a pretty rough world, of Parisian gangsters and loan sharks, the film has a warm spirit.
0.625 Besson conjures up some astoundingly gorgeous visuals, mainly a dreamy, neon-drenched, throbbing Paris.
0.5 The [angel] turns out to be Stuart Smalley, parking Andre in front of a mirror so he can tell himself he's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him.
0.3 Angel-A is one of the most gorgeous movies I have ever despised.
0.6 An intriguing drama about a quirky leggy blonde angel who comes to Paris on a mission of mercy to show a self-destructive and petty man his worth.
0.625 Besson's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile, and Andre is, frankly, a drag.
0.625 Visually arresting but flawed. Its strongest asset is the stunningly poetic cinematography by Thierry Arbogast.
0.625 As a drama, Angel-A does not rank as a great movie, but as an homage to Paris, it is sensational. For this viewer, at least, that is good enough.
0.625 Nice as this quietly philosophical mood may be for Besson, it's a little wan for moviegoers, and following on the heels of Arthur and the Invisibles, Angel-A seems less like a detour in his career than the beginnings of a wrong turn.
0.625 If Besson's eye is Angela, though, his writing is Andre: awkward, misshapen and earthbound. Andre must learn a lesson in self-esteem that would have embarrassed Capra -- maybe even Oprah.
0.625 The beautiful black-and-white photography -- and disappointingly sappy ending -- are the only remotely sober elements here, thanks to Besson's loopy script and Debbouze's very funny turn as a loser who simply can't believe his luck.
0.7 Angel-A works as a romantic comedy about opposites meeting cute and desperate in the City of Light, whose bridges and facades are nicely rendered by cinematographer Thierry Arbogast.
0.5 Angel-A never finds the heart in a promising It's a Wonderful Life premise.
0.6 It won't hurt you, and it's easy on the eyes.
0.625 Not an especially surprising or eventful story, it is, nevertheless, a reasonably satisfying little tale of a character down on his luck who finds out that life can be tolerable after all.
0.5 In essence, you get It's a Wonderful Life meets Wings of Desire, swapping out the substance for self-help platitudes. If you can get past that, you can enjoy it as a 90-minute look at a lovely postcard.
0.7 Clearly Besson's most personal film, a gorgeous and romantic travelogue of Paris locations. Rie Rasmussen is quite glorious in her first major role.
0.7 A witty, edgy cross between Amelie and It's a Wonderful Life.
0.3 Begins as playful comedy about a crook who meets a beautiful woman and ends as dreadfully dumbed-down remake of Wings of Desire.
0.375 Besson's first behind-the-camera outing since 1999's The Messenger is as skeletal as his model-turned-leading lady.
0.6 There's as much credibility in this match-up as color on the screen.
0.75 This lighter-than-air bauble proves a pleasurable diversion indeed -- as long as that heart beating inside your chest has at least a mild propensity for the romantic. Bring a date.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.875 A visually arresting odd-couple comedy that reveals itself to be, quite literally, It's a Wonderful Life with a bimbo!
0.6 Genial performances and a pleasing plot are elevated to the stuff of cinematic majesty by Thierry Arbogast's glorious monochrome photography, which recalls the Parisian vistas of the nouvelle vague.
0.4 The whole film's easy on the eye thanks to the Parisian summer setting, photographed in creamy black and white. If only the romance wasn't so monochrome too...
0.6 The film looks terrific - Besson shoots his beloved Paris in gorgeous black and white photography that recalls both Wings of Desire and It's A Wonderful Life, both of which Angel-A happily steals from.
0.4 Good looking but tedious.
0.4 Takes itself much too seriously.
0.6 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable.
0.4 Though excessively tiresome, The Uncertainty Principle, as verbally pretentious as the title may be, has its handful of redeeming features, as long as you discount its ability to bore.
0.5 Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable, the director's experiment is a successful one.
1.0 The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
0.8 Has the matter-of-fact look and careful pace of a precinct-house procedural.
0.8 The deep cynicism would be depressing if it weren't so riveting.
0.875 Regarding Michel Piccoli's Max, Claude Sautet's film resists judgment, neither condoning nor signposting the despicable nature of his choices.
0.5 Quick, what's the first thing you do as a director trying to make yourself seem cool, besides editing the movie backwards? Right! You shoot your scenes in one continuous shot.
0.875 A quixotic film of tone-poem rhythms about the unquenchable desire for lost love.
1.0 A hypnotic and intense masterwork on grief, the afterlife, and the yearning of the soul that can turn darkness into light.
0.5 In this case, truth isn't stranger than fiction, it's just strangely hackneyed.
0.6 Director Nick Moran obviously feels strongly about the material but fails to create a consistent tone.
0.4 A de-glamourised Natascha McElhone is so unconvincing as the harridan of a mother that her performance is hard to take seriously.
0.6 It's a heck of a lot better than director Nick Moran's last movie (Joe Meek biopic Telstar), but could have done with tighter storytelling and better casting.
0.8 [An] excellent adaptation of Kevin Lewis's bestselling book about his difficult and at times harrowing life.
0.6 Nick Moran -- like Casey Affleck, an actor-turned-director -- marshals his relentlessly grim material unflinchingly, and Rupert Friend, as the adult Kevin, is engaging and convincing in a complex role.
0.2 If you have tears, prepare to shed them for some other tale of woe.
0.2 Lewis' story is unquestionably horrific but by forcing it into the mould of a triumph-over-adversity heart-warmer, all of the raw, nasty edges have been smoothed off to leave a sickly-sweet wad of gloop.
0.4 Sadly, in relating Kevin Lewis's journey from physically and emotionally abused child to best-selling novelist, Moran displays a tendency towards melodrama that overwhelms the story.
0.4 If you're going to make a biopic about an abused child who grows up to be a bare-knuckle boxer, it might help to hire an actor who looks like he can actually handle himself in a scrap or two.
0.6 Strong performances by Rupert Friend and Augustus Prew as the grown-up and teenage Kevin give Moran's rite-of-passage tale genuine emotional ballast. A worthy follow-up to Telstar.
0.4 This is an inspiring story, but it's badly told. Best read the book instead.
0.8 From the film's tough opening all the way to the credits, director Nick Moran ladles everything on thick. Some viewers might complain that makes the film a shameless heartstring-tugger. Others, including me, won't see why that's a problem.
0.8 Raw, absorbing and packing a powerful punch, The Kid marks Moran as a serious contender.
0.8 Impressively directed, superbly written and frequently harrowing, this is a brilliantly acted drama that delivers a powerfully emotional punch.
0.8 Maintains its intrigue amidst an existential style that normally results in slow and drearily dull cinema.
0.7 The condemned die a thousand deaths while awaiting execution in Iran.
0.8 Yeah Babeee.
0.7 Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts.
0.93 This story of angels is really an examination of what it means to be human -- in the most profound sense but via the smallest, most trivial details.
1.0 A beautiful, literate and romantic piece of cinema.
1.0 How brilliant is Wings of Desire? Understand that Peter Falk is playing himself - that is to say, he's playing actor Peter Falk, who happened to be an angel himself until he elected to become human decades earlier.
0.8 The cinematography by Henri Alekan is simply astonishing in its spare yet lyrical quality.
1.0 How much Eurobabble are you willing to endure in exchange for a look at one of the cinema's most ravishing and compassionate screen visions?
1.0 a film of sheer visual poetry and deep emotional resonance
0.875 It's hard to think of another movie of its era that makes the viewer so fully feel like a denizen of its setting; the roving, dollying, craning camera makes angels of us all.
0.875 A gorgeous and heartbreaking look at angels in Berlin.
0.9 Depending on your tastes, you'll find the film either a beautiful, moving experience, or a slow and pretentious one.
0.93 What Wim Wenders has done in his most transcendent film is not merely praise assenting angels, but embrace descending ones - we humans - as well.
0.8 While it takes a little getting used to, Wenders' look at Heaven and Earth and the tug between living an experience instead of merely observing is pleasantly haunting.
0.9 A rich, mystical near-masterpiece.
0.8 ...a fascinating and enchanting character study and moral lesson that never preaches but gently transports you to a better place and a far more comfortable feeling about life.
0.8 Wonderfully imperfect, but a gem to those willing to follow along
0.5 Startlingly original at first, Wings of Desire is in the end damagingly overloaded.
1.0 ...philosophical while still becoming hypnotic.
0.75 ...like no movie you've ever seen. At once mesmerizing and perplexing, this is a film about love and despair and the choices mortals have in dealing with each.
1.0 The film evokes a mood of reverie, elegy and meditation.
0.7 It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.
0.5 No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave.
0.75 [Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants.
0.4 For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship.
0.4 As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie.
0.85 We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music.
0.6 The freer and more sophisticated approach of Divine Intervention makes these traditional-minded documentaries look somewhat stodgy and old-fashioned by comparison, but both have a value as reportage.
0.75 An important look at the hell-hole known as Gaza and how the political situation makes the lives of its inhabitants even worse.
0.6 A truly enjoyable movie, with a truly wonderful ensemble
0.625 ...with this group of actors (including Sam Raimi, of all people, as a clumsy handyman) it's hard to ever really get bored.
0.8 Big Chill-ish camp reunion movie with some lovely performances.
0.4 If you like to go to weddings of humdrum people you don't know, you won't want to miss Indian Summer.
0.4 Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew.
0.375 A mish-mash of mediocre formulas.
0.75 This is a story more interested in tone and mood than in big plot points.
0.625 On the index of quirk, this winsome indie scores quite high.
0.625 Although Rohal's goal seems to be a rich character study, the movie works best as a celebration of small-town Americana that persists well into the 21st century.
0.7 Deliberately quirky almost to the point of distraction, this offbeat comedy is an enjoyably puzzling film.
0.7 An entertaining and visually exciting film. It has an oddly meandering pace that is riddled with quirky characters in weird situations.
0.625 An understated, surrealist comedy that is more successful at being weird than funny.
0.2 Let's hope Jack Palance took the money and ran.
0.6 ...an opulent-looking production, edited to accent the two main characters.
0.5 Like a love for which you no longer feel the passion, the action in Denys Arcand's Le regne de la beaute takes place at a cool remove from the viewer.
1.0 Jires' exceptional and sometimes incongruent damnation of his homeland is in turns mournful, furious, conflicted, and resolved to failure, but it's never less than moving.
0.7 It's hard to know what fetishes/obsessions/issues are at work here, but they do yield interesting moviemaking.
0.3 After such a triumph with A Thousand Clouds of Peace (Mil Nubes de Paz Cercan el Cielo) the second installment in Julian Hernandez's apparent "Cielo" series is a sluggish disappointment.
0.9 [Director] Hernandez's approach makes all the difference, trusting the camera to reveal the ebb and flow of emotions that sweep over all three men.
0.875 Hernandez's exquisite romance works on an emotional, as well as intellectual, level.
0.0 I could have gone out for dinner, come back and missed little of importance.
0.625 I suspect the film's frank, at times glorious rendering of queer sexuality will inspire more than a few closeted youths to brave life out in the open.
0.6 Boy meets boy like youve never seen in Juli&#225;n Hern&#225;ndezs sex-drenched, extravagantly minimalist epic.
0.875 Jennifer Jason Leigh's performance as the sister who lives for her turn in the spotlight electrifies this look at two very different siblings.
0.8 A raw, heartfelt, sometimes painful showcase for Jennifer Jason Leigh's undeniable talent.
0.6 not always on the mark, but certainly challenging
0.875 Georgia is not a simply plotted movie about descent and recovery, but a complex, deeply knowledgeable story about how alcoholism and mental illness really are family diseases.
0.875 A painful though sadly humorous portrait of sisterhood deftly written by Leigh's mom, Barbara Turner, and directed with just-right spareness by Ula Grosbard.
0.75 Leigh's performance is riveting.
0.4 Unless you're just dying to hear Velvet Underground tunes played (badly) at bar mitzvahs, I'd recommend keeping this Georgia off your mind.
1.0 This is the purpose of the picture, to make one suffer and sympathize with them. Kurosawa's darkly imagistic technique achieves this depressing aim.
0.5 For the first hour and fifteen minutes of the movie, we make only limited excursions out of the tenement, and it begins to feel as though we've moved in ourselves. Kurosawa may have intended this, but it doesn't make for very satisfying viewing.
0.8 as much fun as your average Zatoichi flick, with plenty of humor and sword slashing and guys standing as still as statues before falling over dead
0.625 ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work.
0.8 A valentine from one director to a famous team of others.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it.
0.6 It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!).
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this?
0.6 An interesting interpretation but stick with the original.
0.375 A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes.
0.75 Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP.
0.5 A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches.
0.375 Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters.
0.5 A whimsical but fizzled experiment.
0.5 Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story.
0.5 What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle.
0.4 The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material.
0.25 It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess.
0.25 It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions.
0.8 It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that.
0.5 Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona.
0.2 The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip.
0.48 There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film.
0.6 The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation.
0.25 Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness.
0.75 For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust.
0.625 Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick.
0.5 There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere.
0.5 A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love.
0.5 Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself.
0.625 The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations.
0.6 That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure.
0.7 Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism.
0.4 Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing.
0.5 A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration.
0.8 So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies!
0.625 When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet?
0.4 This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors.
0.41 Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch.
0.6 "The Einstein of Sex" has the look of a poorly made television drama, but don't let that distract you. Praunheim tells an important story and he tells it well.
0.3 The beautiful Isabelle Huppert never quite catches the Flaubert vibe.
0.6 ...when the entire production is clearly infused with such goodwill, it does add to its emotional impact.
0.8 Fascinating story too complex for young viewers.
0.8 It's a good movie. It's just not a movie for which I can work up much personal enthusiasm.
0.75 Bio-pic chronicles quadriplegic Ramon's Sampredo's 28-year crusade to legalize euthanasia in order that he be allowed to die with dignity.
0.75 The film is worth seeing, but only if you're prepared to set aside your aversion to its polemic in order to experience its compassion.
0.8 An intelligent and moving treatment of a potentially maudlin subject matter.
0.875 The result, as imagined by Amenabar, who co-wrote the screenplay with Mateo Gil, is like watching the human spirit flash before your eyes.
1.0 Javier Bardem gives a remarkable, delicately honed performance.
0.8 Rare is the motion picture which grapples with issues this provocative and profound. Rarer still is one which does so this well.
0.625 Respectable but undistinguished, and it places a distant second to 2004's other award winner about euthanasia (don't ask, won't tell).
0.9 Bardem's performance, a true triumph of face acting, imbues the character with simultaneous impish mischief and weary resignation.
0.875 It's curious that the assisted-suicide debate over a late plot twist in Million Dollar Baby didn't rage over this one. After all, Amenabar is dealing with a real life.
1.0 A lyrical and warm film.
1.0 If ever there was a film that deserved to get the proverbial bump from Oscar, this is it. Rarely has any film so focused on death felt so vibrantly alive.
0.625 Built around Bardem's immobile presence, the film can't help but seem stolidly monumental even as it explores issues that are heart-wrenchingly personal.
0.8 Un viaje doloroso, claro, pero cargado de esperanza y optimismo. (...)Amenabar (...) ha hecho una pelicula sobre el deseo de morir que, en realidad, esta llena de vida.
1.0 The journey to death can be tremendously life-affirming.
0.7 Bardem contributes layers of weariness and passion that gives us a visceral understanding of the life his character is mourning for.
0.75 What really makes the film watchable is yet another terrific lead performance by Javier Bardem, an actor who only gets better with age.
0.75 While Bardem delivers Sampedro's pleas for a dignified death with eloquence and conviction, Amenabar's depiction of that life suggests the director isn't entirely convinced.
0.875 The Sea Inside is a heartbreaking triumph. And Alejandro Amenabar is poised to become one of cinema's great talents.
0.9 For whatever reason, it's an injustice that Bardem was not nominated for best actor.
0.8 Mar Adentro, assim como a propria vida de Sampedro, funciona principalmente para nos forcar a uma analise interior que pode revelar-se impiedosa e surpreendente.
0.8 Impressively made drama that is both moving and thought-provoking, thanks to a strong script and a powerful central performance by Javier Bardem.
0.8 A brave and densely compelling film that tackles euthanasia better than Flint Sweatwood in Zillion Gallor Maybe. I promise no spoilers.
0.875 Ultimately, this is one man's story, told with great empathy, and Amenabar deserves great credit for lifting the film above the soap-opera sentimentality into which it could have easily fallen.
0.625 It has a striking deficit. It tends to generalize from too winning a single case.
0.75 Amenabar shows us the aching depth of Sampedro's loss and makes his most eloquent statement on behalf of a man who only wanted control of his destiny.
0.875 In death is found a profound argument for life.
0.75 A deceptively well-put-together film.
0.88 The combination of a deeply troubling issue, a powerful screenplay, deft direction and a bravura lead performance make this a memorable and moving film.
0.375 It comes as no surprise to learn that Javier Bardem, the virile and charismatic Spanish actor, is capable of turning on the charisma even working only from the neck up. What is alarming is realizing that the rest of the movie he's in is paralyzed as well.
1.0 A magical film about many forms of love and about the energy of life.
0.75 Never once does this film sacrifice its moral ideas or complexity of character on the cheap altar of sentimentality.
0.75 What could have been a preachy biopic becomes poetry in the hands of the gifted director and writer and editor and composer Alejandro Amenabar.
0.5 It's very simple and streamlined, and all that's left is Bardem's bid for Oscar glory.
0.375 A miserable little gimp-of-the-week exercise awash with cliches and platitudes that the real Sampedro would probably have found condescending.
0.375 Bardem tackles the juicy acting challenge of playing someone paralyzed from the neck down by... simply pasting an obnoxiously smug, serial killer-creepy grin on his mug.
1.0 Bardem still manages to fill the room with his presence, and he deeply moves us with his portrayal of this man who's learned "to cry with a smile".
1.0 This film balances moments of dreamy spirituality with the salty harshness of family disputes.
0.6 You want to like Ramon and what's more you want Ramon to like himself.
0.75 For the most part, the film stays steady-on, celebrating one man's crusade -- and one family's heartbreak.
0.875 That a film about euthanasia can also be so life-affirming is astounding, and it mostly can be attributed to Bardem's genius.
0.7 The result isn't an easy film, but it is rewarding.
0.875 Focuses on life, not death, and in doing so establishes the sanctity of individual ownership of an existence.
0.875 This is a sublime drama, one that, for all its concern for Sampedro's struggle for death, is truly a celebration of life.
0.625 It's still just a soap opera, wrapped around an argument. And it's one we've heard half-a-dozen times before.
1.0 Based on a true story, the movie has abundant humor and uplift -- but it's a heartbreaker of extraordinary dimension.
0.625 The film is based on a true story, but that doesn't stop Amenabar from inventing certain characters and incidents to further his tearjerker agenda -- and court Oscar voters, who love this kind of high-toned schmaltz.
0.75 Bardem gives Sampedro enough vulnerability, fear and touchiness to keep the character's limp feet on the ground.
0.75 The movie invites us to decide if we are pleased or not. I agree with Ramon that, in the last analysis, the decision should be his to make: to be or not to be.
0.5 It's such a repetitive and thinly constructed piece of filmmaking that the scope and complexity of Sampedro's case are turned to porridge.
0.75 Bardem is brilliant.
0.875 Amenabar's lyricism and Bardem's keen projection of dignified commitment enable The Sea Inside movingly to evoke humanity affronted...
0.7 Javier Bardem delivers another terrific performance (this guy can do no wrong). He transforms into a man 30 years his senior, and he's totally believable.
0.6 It is engaging, but not penetrating.
0.8 [Takes] viewers to a place they won't feel comfortable in but should spend at least a little time exploring.
1.0 It's a potent blend of emotional and cerebral filmmaking anchored by what may be the year's most impressive performance by the supremely talented Bardem.
0.875 Without lifting a finger, Javier Bardem gives the most stirring performance of the year.
0.9 One of the most profound and uplifting dramas of the year.
0.875 Bardem, who continues to make a good case that he is among a handful of the best screen actors alive, is totally transformed.
0.5 The Sea Inside, the story of a quadriplegic activist fighting for the right to die, struggles to transcend the disease-of-the-week genre to which it belongs.
0.75 Bardem accomplishes something extraordinary. Eschewing easy sympathy, he creates a real person, real pain.
0.8 A truly unique and thought-provoking love story that showcases another career-defining performance by the talented Javier Bardem
0.4 a vanity project that, from top to bottom, proves unequal to the task of unlocking the existential truths at the heart of Ramon Sampedro's story
0.875 Amenabar maintains a low-key approach that preserves the film's emotional integrity while still making a powerful statement.
1.0 The Sea Inside is one of the best films of the year with a bravura performance by Javier Bardem that is both tender and poignant.
1.0 The Sea Inside is an inspiring, positively mesmerizing film. Javier Bardem, radiates within his character providing one of film's most powerful performances to date.
0.9 Superb filmmaking and devastating performances make it a must-see
0.75 A manipulative melodrama wrapped up in a nice package with an attractive bow.
1.0 A film about death that is consistently brimming with life.
0.375 The Sea Inside is a four-hankie salute to the Oscar gods!
0.75 It's Bardem's acting that makes it easy enough to overlook the film's occasional jaunts into melodrama...
1.0 Complemented with a gorgeous musical score which he conducted, Amenabar and Bardem combine to tell such a beautiful story
0.9 The subject of euthanasia is not likely to be better addressed or more cinematically presented. It's enough to make you feel guilty about the film's entertainment values.
0.875 Oscar talk will start early for Javier Bardem's masterly performance here.
0.8 Un poema hermoso de forma y fondo.
0.2 Charmless and boring, bears little relationship to Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale, and should in no way be mistaken for a way to satiate fans of Frozen.
0.6 There's a frenetic, eye-popping quality to the visuals that forestalls the kind of emotional engagement Disney can offer, but there is some entertainment to be had here.
0.8 Doesn't have the narrative strength of the first in the trilogy but individual scenes are still brilliant and each ingredient in just perfect, cast, score, tone...
0.9 Most fans pick The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly as the stand-out, but I really like this one best.
0.8 A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release.
0.6 More violence and Clint-itude in Italian Western.
0.84 He indulges in a certain sexually-charged imagery lifted straight from film noir
1.0 By introducing the character of Mortimer, Leone is able to counterpoint Eastwood's cold, amoral gunslinger with a man who has a past and a purpose.
0.8 Another must-see Italian speghetti western.
0.8 Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments.
0.4 The fact that this film is constructed to endorse the exercise of murderers, to emphasize killer bravado and generate glee in frantic manifestations of death is, to my mind, a sharp indictment of it as so-called entertainment in this day.
0.6 The weak link in the "Dollars" trilogy, but still a good ride.
0.4 Clint Eastwood, just as the spagetti western schtick was beginning to get old.
0.75 Here is a gloriously greasy, sweaty, hairy, bloody and violent Western. It is delicious.
0.75 Though it's about a half-hour too long, For a Few Dollars More is overall a much more exciting and involving film [than the original].
0.6 Not as good as the third sequel but still very entertaining.
0.8 A delicious second helping of Clint & Sergio!
0.9 One excellent western.
1.0 Underrated.
1.0 90 minutes of iconic imagery, some deep questions and a surprising amount of humor. This is Art with a capital A, but that doesn't mean it's not entertaining at the same time, which only makes its artistry even greater.
0.8 Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids.
1.0 The Seventh Seal is a film not about the end of time, but the silence between man and God.
0.9 Bergman's film about the actual figure of Death is one of his funniest and, ultimately, most hopeful works.
1.0 As a youth, perhaps no other film opened my eyes to the wonderful possibilities of cinema as much as The Seventh Seal.
0.5 Swedish cinema titan Ingmar Bergman's mopey/earthy 1957 breakthrough The Seventh Seal may have done more than any other film to popularize and demonize the notion of world cinema as the boutique of the cultural intelligentsia.
1.0 Perhaps no one film speaks more fully to the human condition than The Seventh Seal. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening.
1.0 still spiritually resonates today
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece no film fan should miss.
1.0 Bergman's superbly shot wintry images, much like those of a silent film, print themselves indelibly on the mind, while the Knight's search for a God who never answers foreshadows the pessimism of the director's later work.
1.0 Guaranteed to thunder on the big screen.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's dark masterpiece effortlessly sees off the revisionists and the satirists; it is a radical work of art that reaches back to scripture, to Cervantes and to Shakespeare to create a new dramatic idiom of its own.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's black and white masterpiece The Seventh Seal has matured like a great wine over 50 years.
1.0 Full of haunting, iconic images and a touch of hopeful humanity, The Seventh Seal is cinema at its most artful, a philosophical meditation on the meaning(lessness) of this mortal coil.
0.6 Fear, peril and hoplessness soak every frame.
1.0 A grand, thought-provoking and highly enjoyable piece of cinematic history.
1.0 Dark but beautiful.
0.833333333333 Not only highly impressive but thought-provoking, relevant and intensely moving in our present, nervous, times.
0.625 It manages some powerful images, but it feels a bit too calculated to really get under the skin.
1.0 Haunting and beautiful.
1.0 Essentially intellectual, yet emotionally stimulating, too, it is as tough -- and rewarding -- a screen challenge as the moviegoer has had to face this year.
1.0 Almost hypnotic in its power, it's a film that washes away all the parodying it has received over the years, emerging as fresh and startling today as it did nearly 50 years ago.
1.0 Great existentialism and morbid humor. Fantastic performances.
1.0 Easily, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 This is an uncompromising film, regarding good and evil with the same simplicity and faith as its hero.
1.0 So gripping as to be entertaining in an enlightening way.
0.6 Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a delicate, if sometimes disturbing, portrait of the enduring relationships that bond women together, out in theaters now.
0.75 Despite the unevenness, the sincerity of the work shines through.
0.4 It's a well shot film with beautiful cinematography, though it does feel a bit too constrained at times. But as beautiful as it was, the story and characters failed to grab me
0.6 Were it not for the slow pacing and the obviousness of message, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan would have been successful.
0.375 Although it looks fantastic, it barely registers on an emotional level because it feels so dull and manipulative.
0.4 A from Hugh Jackman as a Mandarin-singing nightclub owner is about the only thing that livens up this generation-spanning tale of female friendship.
0.6 The whole looks lush, but it doesn't deliver as it should.
0.4 Here is a very self-conscious attempt to bridge the US-China divide through the medium of glossy, handsomely mounted cinema.
0.4 This rich weave of eras looks pretty, but plays to an exoticised vision of old-world China, even as it demystifies the excruciating custom of foot-binding.
0.2 Visual flourishes aren't enough to detract from a confused plot and mawkishly sentimental overtones.
0.4 Not even the second best Hugh Jackman cameo of the year can save it from being little more than a period curio.
0.5 Unfortunately that truth isn't illuminated with any originality: tearful confessions and pensive gazing out windows are commonplace.
0.6 A quality arthouse film, beautifully photographed and very well acted.
0.6 Sisters-for-life torn apart in schmaltzy Chinese melodrama.
0.375 A grandly appointed disappointment.
0.7 This is not a great film. It is, however, sometimes a very good one, and it's always a joy to behold in visual terms.
0.5 Hopelessly inert, even as it hops between modern, trendy Shanghai and rural 19th-century Hunan...
0.5 Wayne Wang is perhaps best known for directing the lovely screen adaptation of The Joy Luck Club, but there's no joy to be found anywhere in this stately, stodgy film.
0.5 Respectable but bland, with all the surface trappings of a meaningful prestige picture but none of the emotional power.
0.625 The drastic alterations to Lisa See's compelling novel about the lifelong friendship between two women in 19th century China are unsettling, at least for fans of the original bestseller, and they detract a bit too much from the story See so artfully told.
0.5 A tear-jerking soap opera chick flick about love and loyalty
0.6 ... stately, solemn and serious, but easier to admire than to enjoy ...
0.3 Parallel stories from the past and the present are crosscut throughout this film, but rather than amplifying the dual tales' ramifications the technique only ups the film's turgidity quotient.
0.4 [Moves] the stick figures in its center through the motions of friendship without seeming to quite understand the actual reasons why we make those deep, abiding friendships in the first place.
0.2 There aren't enough movies about women's friendships. And there really aren't enough movies about women's friendships with all-Asian casts. So it's a bummer to report that this one's as terrible as it is.
0.5 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" wants to be "The Color Purple" in China, but it's really just a Lifetime Original Movie with subtitles.
0.375 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" aims for the heartstrings and only strikes a few notes.
0.4 The film is visually sumptuous but emotionally inert. It never draws in the viewer.
0.4 The constant cutting between the two stories, and the inexplicable scrambling of chronology within the stories, also become annoying and impedes the ability of either story to really build emotionally.
0.2 The film features two of the least effective lead performances of the year, which keeps the audience from engaging in the story emotionally and just leaves them wondering how this book became a bestseller.
0.125 It's the No-Joy, Bad-Luck Club.
0.75 Like his old-time Hollywood predecessors, Wang goes for big-hearted, over-the-top emotions.
0.25 I think even rabid fans of the book will be disappointed.
0.375 Emphasizes melodrama over character development, until the proceedings feel like a rabbit hole of misfortune.
0.5 Once we've quickly digested the fortune-cookie message that modern women are as bound by obligations as their grandmothers were, all we can savor is the scenery.
0.375 Bears little resemblance to the book, and even less resemblance to a good movie.
0.625 A story of much visual grace and, sadly, considerable narrative awkwardness.
0.5 All the two actresses do is gaze out of apartment and carriage windows, through floorboards, into each other's eyes, and, once, while wishfully wearing a man's suit.
0.5 The film version of "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" proceeds as if willed into being by a particularly misguided "question for discussion," the kind you'd find at the tail end of a bestseller's paperback edition.
0.5 As movies about female bonding go, "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" is thin tea.
0.75 Wang, back in Joy Luck Club territory, serves up melodrama without smothering substance.
0.5 Overall it's a very competent film, but kept me at a distance and never got very engaging.
0.6 Visually, the film is a treat with Richard Wong's cinematography equally evocative at capturing the pastoral beauty and slower rhythms of rural 19th century China and the urban splendor and bustle of today's Shanghai.
0.6 Female friendship and loyalty are at the heart of Snow Flower And The Secret Fan. Too bad that's all but buried by the pile-on of events that connects women from different eras across time and place.
0.4 Disappointing literary adaptation has some heavy themes.
0.5 [A] confusing time-travelling tale that uses Lisa See's 2005 bestseller of the same name to fuel cheap sentiment and a jumbled story.
0.5 Whatever passion might have been here to begin with never made it to the screen.
0.5 Wang ... needlessly pads the movie with heart-tugging gimmicks and canned melodrama that undercuts its raw impact.
0.4 Its story-within-a-story - a tale of two laotong, or soul sisters, in oppressive mid-1800s China - is gorgeous but simplistic.
0.5 You're advised to bring a hankie or two should you venture forth to see the tearjerker "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan."
0.25 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" has such seriousness and purpose behind it that for 10 or 15 minutes it could be mistaken for a good movie.
0.5 Perhaps this was intended to draw the largely female crossover audience that went to Joy Luck Club. But the dual stories don't mesh well.
0.2 For those who may have wondered if foot binding, wife beating and a crooning Hugh Jackman could fit into one movie, here's the short answer: no.
0.55 Wang loses the plot in the contemporary sequences, which are drab looking and stupidly melodramatic.
0.375 A portrait of female fidelity that ranges across centuries and social classes, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is sad, sumptuous fluff with a refined literary pedigree.
0.4 A turgid, generations-spanning melodrama that deifies and fetishizes the idea of feminine companionship's intense depths without substantively delivering a fully rendered portrait of it.
0.5 The trouble is that the modern story whipped up for "Snow Flower" isn't very compelling. Yet it dominates the movie, continually oozing back in just as the period drama is getting interesting.
0.1 I briefly felt bad when the film, in its first five minutes, knocked Sophie into a coma. But I felt even worse 10 minutes later: Dear reader, I envied her.
0.4 Feels less like an attempt to broaden the book's horizons than to cash in on Joy's cross-generational appeal while doubling down on cheap-shot melodrama.
0.5 This isn't really a movie made for guys, although I can appreciate the artfulness of its construction and the solemnity of its purpose and the studied intensity of the acting.
0.75 An existential inquiry, and a rhetorical declaration of cosmic futility.
0.5 When, far too late in the day for us to care, they enter Hitchcock territory, the plot shift gives you the cinematic equivalent of whiplash and leaves you holding your head, wondering how on earth it happened and really rather wishing it hadn't.
0.5 Fontaine can't seem to decide whether she's making a dry sex farce or a slow-burn thriller, and the movie never really commits to either.
0.5 If you think I'm being tasteless, you should see the movie.
0.4 C'est dommage.
0.5 The Girl from Monaco is a tease.
0.625 As a solid thriller, La fille de Monaco feels like it's missed the mark.
0.75 Despite Bourgoin's dazzling presence, it's the hollow-eyed Luchini who quietly takes over the film.
0.75 The film doesn't add up to much in the end, but if you like leggy, flirty blondes, dark, brooding tough-guy bodyguards and fussy middle-aged lawyers, it's entertaining.
0.875 The postman may always ring twice, but a bodyguard doesn't even have to bother to knock.
0.625 The French comedy-drama The Girl from Monaco demonstrates how an excess of liberte and fraternite can be hazardous to the health, especially where there is an absence of egalite.
0.4 Like its protagonist, you end up with plenty to think about, puzzle over, and forget.
0.7 It's not at all as disposable as it seems at first glance.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a sprightly sex comedy or an enigmatic little thriller. Unfortunately, it's neither very funny nor very thrilling.
0.75 This is a modest but expertly performed piece. And this summer, surrounded by lesser, louder, bigger and dumber diversions, it's especially welcome.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco may be momentarily entertaining, but don't expect anything profound from the lightweight saga as it wends its way to its contrived, TV-movie conclusion.
0.625 It's often sparkling, always stylish -- but ultimately no more significant than another day at an overpriced resort.
0.625 The Girl From Monaco is a romantic comedy/drama, but the most appealing relationship has nothing to do with the girl of the title.
0.625 At best diverting, at worst an almost self-parodic compendium of French film cliches.
0.5 Somehow Ms. Fontaine's attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, The Girl from Monaco snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance.
0.75 The Girl from Monaco is not more than an entertainment, but an assured and well-oiled one.
0.75 Some movies create an inviting world for the viewer. This is one of them.
0.5 Obsessed with the image of its tall and tan leading lady, The Girl from Monaco ends up a weak cocktail with a big red cherry floating between its ice cubes.
0.6 In these roles, Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem make an accomplished acting team.
0.375 The Girl from Monaco is a frustratingly suspense-free affair.
0.8 There's little question that the movie will most be remembered for its introduction of the luscious Louise Bourgouin. Fontaine has a way at bringing out her oozing sex appeal without the movie ever feeling exploitative.
0.3 If a man had directed The Girl from Monaco, this erstwhile comedy would be labeled misogynistic -- a charge that would stick.
0.875 an edgy, energetic ode to youthful idealism and rebellion molded quite clearly on the rough-hewn vibrancy of various European New Waves, particularly the works of Jean-Luc Godard
0.77 The final moments here, which simultaneously suggest a return to traditionalism and a new form of globalized alienation, offer open-ended ruminations on Senegal's future role in the world.
0.6 Mr. Mambety mixes neo-realism and fantasy to create a mood of unease and aimless longing. The performances are good.
0.7 Really darn great by slasher standards, and even kind of pretty good by the standards of decent, functional, God-fearing modes of cinema.
0.6 Just a little more skillfully done than many of its contemporaries, and whatever esteem I have for it is largely nostalgic, but at least it tries to be different.
0.6 Sends you a chill down the spine that won't subside until those final few minutes...see it before the upcoming remake
0.4 Just another slasher picture.
0.75 Considering how low the budget obviously was, Bava does a great job crafting a classic giallo mystery. The film may even have inspired Wes Craven's "Scream 3," which was also a horror movie about the making of a horror movie.
1.0 Masterpiece about absolute truth. Best for teens.
1.0 "Rashomon" may be a prosecutor's nightmare, but it's a film lover's dream.
1.0 The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable.
1.0 Unmissable.
0.875 What Akira Kurosawa and his tiny production team wrought is now an accepted maxim of modern life, a creed by which to live in a world where everyone has a blog and an opinion.
1.0 Film buffs should love it. But so should anyone who appreciates a good yarn or two (or three or four).
0.89 a game-shifter that challenges all we think we know about truth
1.0 Astonishing.
0.875 ...reveals Kurosawa's own influence, especially on the filmmakers behind the recent rash of Japanese horror.
0.8 Kurosawa is always worth a look but this is a particular classic that has influenced so much to come, it's almost essential.
1.0 It does nothing less than demolishing everything its characters -- and some of its audience -- believed in.
1.0 I suspect that most people who come to Japanese cinema first enter it through Kurosawa.
1.0 A classic head-game of perception versus reality.
1.0 An ultimate classic that changed how films were told forever. By telling the story from each character's point of view, "Rashamon" explored how narrative can be biased, and how one person's story is never the whole tale. I highly recommend this film.
1.0 Copiado a exaustao por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon e inigualavel - nao apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela analise sobre a natureza humana.
1.0 Much of the power of the picture -- and it unquestionably has hypnotic power -- derives from the brilliance with which the camera of director Akira Kurosawa has been used.
1.0 Rashomon is a great piece of entertainment that engages your brain and your emotions
1.0 Rashomon (1950) struck the world of film like a thunderbolt.
1.0 The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening.
1.0 There is so much content in its 88-minute running time that even careful viewers feel their heads spinning when they first see it.
1.0 despite the many imitators, no one has quite duplicated the power and gnawing unease of this challenging film
1.0 A biting commentary on deceit, gender roles, and due process (not to mention Japanese culture).
0.8 Great.
1.0 Kurosawa's most brilliant move in Rashomon is never to reveal what really happened. We are left to make our own deductions.
1.0 A monument to Akira Kurosawa's greatness, combining his well-known humanism with an experimental narrative style that has become a hallmark of film history.
1.0 The film is not only a landmark for being one of the most philosophical and brilliant films of all time, but is also one of the most entertaining.
1.0 What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story.
0.5 Never catches its rhythm.
0.5 Makes music almost an afterthought, and as such it never truly sings.
0.75 Irresistible to all those with the slightest speck of Irish blood running in their veins. Or even those non-Irish viewers with a weakness for Irish plays, Irish music, Irish dancing, lilting Irish accents or pints of Guinness.
0.5 Don't ever think that Hollywood has the market cornered on formula flicks. Those folks from across the pond, in Britain and its environs, can do predictable with the best of them.
0.5 Pushes the least interesting relationships to the front and shoves the most interesting ones too the back.
0.5 While there's lots of great Ceili music on tap, it's wrapped in a story so traditional that it's not especially interesting.
0.6 Everyone is likable in John Irvin's appealing if obvious little fable about two estranged brothers and their ceili, or traditional Irish, bands.
0.5 Isn't a total loss, but neither does it have the charm of The Full Monty or other feel-good indie Brit flicks it emulates.
0.5 As thin and frothy as the head on a pint of Guinness.
0.75 Lots of lively tunes and spirited acting.
0.625 The music compensates for the movie's broad high jinks and soapy romantic contrivances, handled with slick, cold hands by director John Irvin.
0.875 An irresistible Irish comedy, lovingly told, beautifully acted and graced with the perfect balance of chuckles and bittersweet heartache.
0.8 A delightful drama about some feisty souls involved in an Irish musical competition and their close encounters with the difficult spiritual art of letting go.
0.8 'County Clare' is a real treat!
0.8 Audiences will be hard-pressed to find a more satisfying or enjoyable entertainment than this splendid Celtic feast for the eyes and the ears.
0.5 Agreeably soapy, but if you're not a Ceili fan, you're likely to doze off by the end of the first reel.
0.8 Though it is relentlessly violent and at times difficult to watch, The World Of Kanako possesses a raw momentum that is undeniable.
0.53 Tsai's style is essentially written in stone at this point, and [this] hardly challenges it. [He] is as visually adept here as ever, right up to the film's peaceful final shot.
0.625 A subtle, slow-moving presentation of hope and responsibility that will test your patience if you are not a fan of elliptical, dreamlike narratives like those in Tsai's films.
0.4 Music interlaces the action, which proceeds mostly without words, expression or, regrettably, interest.
0.3 Directors who come up with films with "sleep" in the title shouldn't be this dull if they don't want glib comments made about them. Yes, I Don't Want To Sleep Alone is a snooze-fest.
0.8 While not as erotic as other films by this director, there's a languid sensuality to the story.
0.6 This mostly wordless saga is striking but slight.
0.8 Tsai's long, static, near-wordless takes may try the patience of some, but fans will be enchanted by his new-found warmth.
0.6 An enigmatic fable of longing and loneliness in present-day Kuala Lumpur.
0.875 The hormones here don't rage so much as unfurl over two exquisite hours.
0.7 Tsai's drama is something like a mixture of Robert Bresson and R.W. Fassbinder, as God's bedraggled souls struggle with the desires of the damned, and nobody wants to go into that good night alone.
0.833333333333 For Tsai's fans, Sleep offers many pleasures, including a heightened attention to nocturnal beauty and a gorgeous, uncharacteristic surrealism.
0.7 It takes some careful attention and a not insignificant amount of patience, but if you can modify your expectations accordingly, Sleep is a highly rewarding experience.
0.625 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is a title to keep in mind while absorbing this allusive, humid mood piece.
0.75 The longing is palpable, for love and for just companionship. In this languorous world, the drama's title speaks volumes. No one wants to sleep alone.
0.875 In addition to the regional pop music that once again fills his soundtrack, Tsai finds great beauty in streets of Kuala Lumpur particularly at night, making this gorgeous film one that should be seen on a large screen in the total darkness of a theater.
0.875 The pleasure here belongs to Tsai's images, which can be both familiar and baffling, or beautiful and humorously deadpan, or realistic and supernatural.
0.833333333333 A serious return to creative form and a renewal of focus; there's a sense that every perfectly timed slow take and studied composition serves a purpose. And not a single melon gets shtupped.
0.8 Some will hate him for his lack of concern for forward momentum and traditional plot. Others, like me, will go ga-ga for his technical achievements and meditative pauses
1.0 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is emotional in what it says about the need for connections, religious in what it asks about the universe.
0.7 In I Don't Want to Sleep Alone, Kuala Lumpur is a city of smoky alleyways and empty, half-lighted streets, where a few solitary, sad-looking souls stand out from the crowds.
1.0 The geographical shift from Tsai's familiar Taipei to his homeland of Malaysia results in both a revitalization of those elements and a new level of visual beauty. The stunning final shot makes it a masterpiece.
0.75 Despite his films' frequently static compositions, Tsai's cinema flows ever forward with ambiguous, multivalent purpose.
0.5 There is in this edition of the picture an effort to cover too many historical incidents and the consequence is that quite a number of the passages are confused.
1.0 Napoleon is the last great silent epic. We will not see its like again.
1.0 Gance's use of subjective camera was almost recklessly ambitious in its bid to give the spectator the most visceral viewing sensation, while his skill in blending and multiplying images was unprecedented.
1.0 The experience it provides - at times, akin to taking a drug - is unlike anything I've ever experienced in a movie theater.
1.0 Fascinating, experimental, ahead of its time
1.0 Abel Gance's visionary silent epic Napoleon is a dazzling display of cinematic virtuosity.
0.4 Convoluted and rather dull.
0.8 Definitely worth a look for fans of the involved directors, though such fans probably already own it.
0.8 Intriguing and mostly successful.
0.75 If the other two stories had also been done by Fellini, the whole offering might have been much better.
0.6 [Toby Dammit] is marvelous: a short movie but a major one. The Vadim is as overdecorated and shrill as a drag ball, but still quite fun, and the Malle, based on one of Poe's best stories, is simply tedious.
0.6 Horrific? Not really. But interesting to watch.
0.6 See it for Fellini's hilarious "Toby Dammit" sequence. (Elsewhere Jane and Peter Fonda play lovers...)
0.6 The Fellini part is brilliant. The rest is not.
0.67 While Spirits of the Dead doesn't do much justice to Poe's source material, fans of bizarre French cinema should have a pretty good time.
0.875 As far as psychological horror goes, the films work well, and that they realize Poe's stories were mainly internalized distortions of the world works to their advantage, even as they approach the material in vastly different ways.
0.75 more of an interesting exercise in literary adaptation than a fully satisfying work of art
0.7 Not what I would have expected... but hey, we are defined by our contradictions, no?
0.75 A fascinating capsule of an era long past.
0.6 [Ferraz] digs into the past to illuminate Kalatozov's extraordinary blend of formal bravura and revolutionary didacticism.
0.15 Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
0.2 Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
0.7 It may not be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day be remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
0.6 This isn't a perfect movie, and it's not as strong as the original. However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
0.375 Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene. If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine. I know. But trust me. Or don't.
0.6 The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987. It's still not that great, but it sure is entertaining.
0.4 It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
0.4 It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
0.4 The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
0.5 Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID. The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help. A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
0.3 The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
0.35 CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
0.8 A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
1.0 Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
1.0 Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
1.0 Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
0.8 The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
0.9 The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
0.8 ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
1.0 It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
1.0 Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
1.0 The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
0.875 It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
0.8 Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
0.9 It's FANTASTIC!
1.0 A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
0.8 Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
0.4 Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
1.0 Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
1.0 like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
0.8 Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
1.0 Quite simply, it blew me away.
0.875 The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
1.0 Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
0.8 You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
1.0 You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
0.875 "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
0.9 The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
1.0 This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
1.0 El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
1.0 It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
1.0 A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
1.0 High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
1.0 What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
0.8 An epic work of accomplished skill and grace.
0.85 This is an exciting, mystical, romantic surprise of a film that really puts the 'art' in 'martial arts.'
0.8 It's pure Indiana Jones fun with an unexpected sense of consequence.
1.0 It's The Matrix spliced with David Lean
1.0 A ravishing fairy tale/epic, and the best movie of the year.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a beautifully photographed melodrama punctuated by dazzling martial arts sequences, then get ready for some big fun.
1.0 One of those wonders of imagination and craft that confirm your wildest dreams about the magic of movies.
1.0 A film of sublime beauty, poetic mystery and rousing spirit.
0.9 The screenplay delivers with several story lines intermingled, all evoking the full spectrum of human emotion.
0.9 A good story, attractive and likable stars, and great action do make this one of the season's best entertainment values.
0.9 A feast for the eyes and ears that rarely slows down.
1.0 The class act of action movies.
1.0 The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen.
0.9 Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking.
0.9 With its gift for showing things that can't be described, Crouching Tiger's blend of the magical, the mythical and the romantic fills a need in us we might not even realize we had.
0.9 Once we get a taste of that action, we want buckets of it.
0.6 As soon as the action stops, the actors start to slowly, painfully slowly, drone on with some of the most lifeless dialog of the year.
0.7 Awesome, awesome battles, beautifully shot and an okay story.
0.9 A magnificently-crafted hybrid of Chinese historical epic, F/X-enhanced martial arts spectacular, mystical romantic tragedy and live-action anime.
1.0 Packed with some of the best martial arts yet filmed.
1.0 Calling Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon a religious experience may be overstating the case a bit, but Ang Lee's rhapsodically romantic martial arts enthraller certainly redeems a slew of sins in this lackluster movie year.
1.0 You have never seen a movie like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon because there has never been a movie like it.
1.0 The film satisfies on both visceral and emotional levels.
1.0 Masterpiece.
0.75 Whenever Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon resorts to flying fists or soaring sword battles, the Force is definitely with it.
0.9 The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity.
0.875 The film never ceases to dazzle our eyes and arrest our attention.
0.9 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will make you fall in love with film all over again.
0.8 If you can't find something in this movie to set your heart aflutter, call the doctor.
0.9 Splashes across the big screen like no other martial arts movie you've ever seen.
0.9 A film that takes you on a bareback horse-ride waltz through beauty.
1.0 Success is destined for this movie because it has a mix of romance, fantasy, and action that will appeal to all audiences regardless of age, sex, or whether they watch many subtitled films.
1.0 Within age-old contrivances emerge deeply affecting characters. Poetry.
1.0 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon kicks all living ass.
1.0 Think back and try to recall the last time you saw a hero on the screen who stepped aside to serve others by making himself a zero.
0.8 Banish all thoughts of Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh as shoot 'em up action heroes.
1.0 Crouching Matrix, Hidden Kill Bill... The best movie I've seen this year.
0.5 It's an intriguing mish-mash, a meta-textual stew that Goldberg, unfortunately, paints with a big, thick brush and then underlines with fat charcoal pencils.
0.6 So many questions are raised from both sides of the celebrity fence that the film could only have been made by someone as on-the-edge of stardom as [Goldberg].
0.4 It's too busy trying to be clever that it forgets to give us anything that's actually interesting.
0.5 a pointless stew
0.375 What is so dreadful about unearned fame and undeserved riches that warrants this faux-Antonioni despair?
0.125 At last, Adam Goldberg has given us his 8 1/2. It's an ambitious rumination on fame, reality, love, loss and regret that falls so far short, he should have called it 2 1/8.
0.5 Working with a self-consciously urgent, neo-noir style, Goldberg seems intent on expressing a meaningful message of some kind. It's too bad, then, that he has chosen such a shallow subject.
0.4 Directed by the young actor Adam Goldberg, "I Love Your Work is an attempt to say something interesting about modern celebrity.
0.625 I Love Your Work gets the dissonance of the celebrity lifestyle to a T. But the self-reflexive strategy of Goldberg and co-writer Adrian Butchart is too brainy by half.
0.375 When Ricci's dreamgirl, finally fed up with Gray's insanity, chastises him with "You're obvious," it's a sentiment also applicable to the film itself.
0.6 An edgeless one man show by Ribisi that acts like being insane.
0.5 A crisp impressionistic look at stardom while pointing out the allure of being common. Very strong in direction, script and acting, but struggles to finish.
0.625 Goldberg takes his message really seriously, abandoning a satirical edge early on, as if he were the first person to ever discover that celebrity is hollow.
0.5 Maybe the point is to be bewildered. That would be fine had the film created any resonant power. Instead, we're merely bemused.
0.7 I Love Your Work has its rewards for those up to the challenge of tackling its nonlinear structure and brooding nature.
0.5 When Gray begins spying on a presumably normal couple (Joshua Jackson and Marisa Coughlan), the movie goes over the top. Perhaps that's the point. Who knows? Who cares?
0.5 When the film goes into its second half, the initial fascination has almost worn off.
0.5 I love your other work - this one I'm not so crazy about.
0.625 ...generally more of a showcase for several undeniably superb performances than anything else...
0.75 Quite a simple story but a heart-warming one.
0.4 While it would be too much to ask for a movie about Holocaust survivors to actually be happy, Krabbe is way too heavyhanded in trying for a tragic atmosphere
0.4 The prognosis is not good
0.8 Suspenseful entertainment -- but it's also a suitably chilling cautionary tale.
0.25 ...pure lunacy...
0.625 Rana's Wedding serves as a strong reminder of the difficulties the people of Jerusalem face every day.
0.875 So clearly a product of our collective kingdom of frustration and rubble, that she can't help but give voice to a universal howl.
0.75 This wedding film is no stale confection.
0.75 Gentle, tumultuous coming-of- age-in-a-day story.
0.75 The movie is passable as a story but fascinating as a document.
0.75 As Rana, Khoury gives the film a sympathetic center, but also a maddening one.
0.6 Effectively conveys the fears and frustrations of Palestinians struggling in a country that treats them as the enemy.
0.75 Director Hany Abu-Assad makes delightful use of time, stretching out the action over the course of one day.
1.0 A bittersweet film that tells the story of Palestinian life as eloquently as anything ever done.
0.8 Vibrant filmmaking that manages to deliver pertinent news about life under occupation.
0.6 Khoury may be a few years too old to play a minor still squirming under her father's thumb, but her performance as a timid young woman who finds strength while looking for a husband is quite affecting.
0.75 A small gem.
0.7 Ms. Khoury, often filmed in close-up, gives a deeply sensitive, unsentimental performance.
0.75 Excellent acting, and a plot that combines suspense, whimsy, and political resonance make this Palestinian comedy-drama an unusual treat.
1.0 Excellent drama, and perhaps the dawn of a new era in Palestinian filmmaking.
0.875 The final scene packs a huge impact. Simple but surprising, intensely personal and yet symbolic of the greater Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the film is as eloquent a statement as can be made on war, peace and humanity in Israel.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
0.9 Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
0.875 Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
0.8 One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
0.6 Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
0.625 Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
0.8 Truly enchanting.
0.8 [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
0.875 If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
0.75 The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
0.875 What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
1.0 To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
0.95 "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
0.75 It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
0.75 Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
0.75 If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
0.8 An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
0.8 "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
0.9 masterful and unique
0.8 It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
0.8 This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
1.0 A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
0.95 The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
1.0 The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
0.9 Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
1.0 I have been a fan of Apichatpong Weerasethakul's for years, and his stature keeps growing.
0.875 Takes a sweet, long time to work its magic on you.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 What you see and hear always seems perfectly natural, even if you can't exactly say why. Who needs words when you have cinema?
0.6 Mesmeric and meandering, Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing, and it has great qualities, but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach.
0.4 The narrative is devoid of any conventional structure, and the pace is punishingly slow.
0.6 Meaning may prove elusive, and boredom is never exactly kept at bay, but what's on screen is unique and beguiling enough to make it worth persevering.
0.8 A film so entrancing, original and hypnotic that the moment it finishes the immediate impulse is to watch it again.
0.6 The film's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural won't appeal to the mainstream, despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation.
0.8 Apichatpong doesn't use his camera to stress what we should be looking at, thinking or hearing. He uses long takes and subtle edits to generate moods, atmospheres and feelings.
1.0 It is a total wonderwork: enchanting, bizarre, complex, original.
0.8 Play along with it and enjoy one of the most bizarre and original films to come out this year.
0.6 A gentle trance-out and the strangest Palme d'Or winner in a while.
0.4 Mesmeric in the way that staring at a tank of tropical fish for a couple of hours is mesmeric. Still, just the ticket if you're high, recovering from major surgery or are a cat.
0.4 Less a Palme D'Or than a Dalme Sn'Or.
1.0 Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is a unique and mesmerising piece of filmmaking, but it won't be to everyone's taste.
0.8 Easy to eulogise but tough to explain. Funny strange, funny ha-ha and finally affecting, it's a film of poignant, quietly patient power...
0.3 There's crap, and there's pseudo-intellectual crap. Uncle Boonmee apparently falls into the latter category.
0.75 A beautiful, slow-moving meditation on life, death, and relationships that transcend time and space.
0.6 Fascinating, hypnotic and deeply, deeply weird, Apichatpong's Palm d'Or winner is a beautifully shot Thai drama that will baffle and amaze in equal measure.
1.0 Shooting with an unfussy verite aesthetic, Apichatpong crafts a delicate, enveloping spell, creating a world where the intrusion of the supernatural is almost commonplace.
1.0 Uncle Boonmee is a delightfully original, if not entirely explicable, story of a dying Buddhist man's journey into the jungle.
0.75 Throughout Uncle Boonmee, Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane, from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees.
1.0 This is a visionary film in the director's characteristic style: mysterious, dreamlike, gentle, quiet, magical.
1.0 It's barely a film; more a floating world. To watch it is to feel many things -- balmed, seduced, amused, mystified.
0.8 A whimsical essay about the final days of a villager suffering from kidney failure it is undoubtedly one of the filmmaker's most accessible works.
0.5 There are some very nice moments throughout that give one hope along the way, but when the conclusion arrives, disappointment is unavoidable.
0.2 Most notable for its bathroom jokes, humorous rape scenes and abysmal home-movie cinematography, [the film is a] reputation-dimming mess.
0.6 For fans of Almodovar, this first foray into filmmaking is essential viewing.
0.8 Many Ferrara faithful fetching for something uncanny will line up and get what they bargained for.
0.25 Mary is a mess. An inter esting one, yet still a mess.
0.4 Mary is a convoluted, hysterical mess of a movie with grandiose spiritual airs and not a drop of humor.
0.75 A triune plot that Ferrara digs into with sleeves fully rolled up.
0.5 It feels like the kind of snoozy artistic modulation that critics often confuse for maturation.
0.7 Very little of this mess works in any conventional sense, but as the performances begin to redline, the movie examines the relationship between performance and contrition.
0.4 Ferrara presents his ideas in what's meant to be a meditation on the nature of faith but ends up an incoherent, pretentious mess.
0.7 ...both Forest Whitaker and Juliette Binoche (as with the rest of the cast) give such amazing performances that they should be added to the list of the best work of their careers.
0.8 Somehow turns confusion into a concise study on what it means to believe in god in this day and age.
0.67 A serious-minded film about the confusion and anxiety that mark a true inquisition into one's faith.
0.625 This spare, downbeat shocker shows considerable promise within the scope of its own modest ambitions.
0.7 This Argentinian horror film consistently hits the right creepy points while exhibiting impressive gory effects created with extremely limited resources.
0.7 Previous films such as "Gunners Palace" and the more famous "War Tapes" gave us intimate footage of the day to day danger and tedium of the war, but no film has shown both sides with the power and accuracy of "Battle for Haditha"
0.625 Lacking in subtlety and nuance, Broomfield's nerve-jangling movie nonetheless succeeds in showing the war from various vantage points. And from wherever one's standing, the view is profoundly disturbing.
0.75 Broomfield very effectively balances these storylines with superb cutting.
0.75 Remember when your mother warned that playing video games would desensitize you to violence? Now witness Exhibit A: a docudrama showcasing Generation Kill's all volunteer army in all its glory.
0.7 There's a size and scope to the film we haven't seen in Broomfield's prior work that shows him capable of creating a piece of cinema on par with Michael Winterbottom's films.
0.4 I can't begin to describe how creepy this futuristic movie is.
0.5 If Broomfield hoped to shed some light on what happened at Haditha beyond our worst preconceptions, he's failed.
0.6 In Battle for Haditha the British filmmaker Nick Broomfield revisits a wretched chapter of the war in Iraq.
0.25 This film by Nick Broomfield, which superficially resembles Brian De Palma's Redacted in that it is a mockumentary based on real, horrible events, is a 90-minute libel against the Marine Corps.
0.3 Amounts to overkill and leaves no room for interpretation or analysis.
0.8 the most sustained and unshakable narrative film to investigate the occupation of Iraq
0.5 Looking at Nick Broomfield's filmography and seeing three decades of documentaries, you'd think that by now he would be more aware of the fallacies of cinematic objectivity.
0.8 The most apolitical film yet made about the conflict...showcasing villainy on every side, but nobility and sometimes heroism as well.
0.25 ...this could've been a searing documentary...
1.0 The action is excellent and nearly non-stop. Ogami Itto whirls the Katana and Naginata as nimbly as a marching band baton girl.
0.6 British dance flick is cliched but clean and fun.
0.8 Got To Dance winner Akai Osei has all the moves and Horrid Henry star Theo Stevenson has charm by the bucket load.
0.6 It's hard not to go along with the film ...
0.4 At least the dancing is fun.
0.4 It seems derivative and lacklustre, and really inferior to almost anything on CBBC or CITV.
0.4 "Oh, not the talent show thing again," groans Ashley Jensen's social worker when the youngsters announce their plan. Well, you said it.
0.6 It's a well-worn formula - a gang of youngsters have to form a dance troupe to put on a show that will save their local youth club - but what it lacks in budget it makes up for in bravado.
0.6 A charming family entertainment with a clutch of seriously astonishing and visually ingenious dance numbers.
0.8 Hugely enjoyable British let's-do-the-show-right-here comedy enlivened by strong performances, impressive dance sequences, likeable characters, breezy direction and a witty script.
0.6 All Stars is inoffensive wish fulfilment aimed at a distinctly younger audience than the StreetDance franchise.
0.6 'All Stars' is funny and enthusiastic enough to entertain kids, if not their elder siblings, who may not buy this scrubbed-up version of teenaged Britain.
0.4 Derivative but occasionally fun.
0.2 Some day, God willing, there will be a moratorium on films about plucky kids putting on talent shows to save their schools/parks/yoof centres from predatory developers.
1.0 ...haunted by the gap between human yearning and ultimate understanding.
0.9 At least close to being a great film. It's a film that lingers in the mind -- not in the least because it's so open to interpretation.
0.86 The few insecurities in the filmmaking, which stick out in contrast to his Russian works, are easily overlooked by how masterful other scenes are and the impressiveness of the imagery.
0.8 Invaluable pointers on narrative patience, spiritual yearning and technical finesse.
1.0 Brilliant and audacious, with one of the most extraordinary final sequences in modern cinema.
0.9 A fitting epitaph for a great artist. Every frame could be hung on a wall, the script is supremely thoughtful and the performances are universally excellent.
1.0 A difficult film - slow-paced, unashamedly theatrical and heavily laden with philosophy - yet a profoundly satifying one: a rewarding display of filmmaking mastery that forms a mystical and enigmatic coda to a legendary career.
1.0 For all its Swedish trimmings, the long, syrup-slow takes are unmistakably Tarkovsky's, and it's these that provide this arthouse disaster movie with its mesmerising power.
0.8 As involving and intellectually rich as all Tarkovsky's work.
0.8 The Sacrifice is a stunningly beautiful film that holds your attention even while you feel slightly stunned, in a less welcome way, by what is actually going on.
0.6 True film devotees will appreciate the mystery and the spiritual allusiveness of The Sacrifice.
0.8 Certainly makes demands on one's patience, but Tarkovsky is always worth the work.
0.8 It is a poetic vision, filled with the symbolism peculiar to Tarkovsky's imagination. It is also a visually stunning, hauntingly beautiful, brilliant piece of art.
1.0 The Sacrifice, famed Russian director Andrei (Solaris) Tarkovsky's last film, is a pondering, intense, obscure film filled with images that will haunt the collective memories of everybody who has seen it.
1.0 The Sacrifice is not the sort of movie most people will choose to see, but those with the imagination to risk it may find it rewarding.
0.75 A fresh and fun icelandic adventure yarn.
0.7 The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it.
0.75 The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences.
0.5 The plotting is too obvious, too contrived and too convenient.
0.875 Friedrich isn't particularly sharp, but Riemelt's wonderfully nuanced performance gives him intricate layers of feeling.
0.5 Nearly every point made in Before the Fall, be it about militarism or the secret sexual codes of fascism, is made too obviously, or has been made before, in films from Cabaret to Europa, Europa.
0.625 It asks us to sympathize with teenage boys being groomed for National Socialist glory, and for that reason alone, it absorbs.
0.75 ... hooks you by focusing on Friedrich's very human story.
0.5 One senses that Gansel took the most egregious stories from his research and stuffed them all into the shapeless script.
0.5 The film is a competent but callow work dealing with a monstrous subject that automatically rejects callowness.
0.625 The best thing about Gansel's film is it doesn't ask you to absolve anyone; it only tries to make everyone a little more human.
0.625 Gansel and his screenwriting partner, Maggie Gansel, bring not a whiff of fresh nor penetrating insight to these subjects.
0.9 A work of exemplary craftsmanship, crisp and forthright yet modulated by subtle nuances, Before the Fall ranks high among the year's films.
0.7 While the background of the story is fascinating and enlightening, the foreground story could be more complex and original. The plot is a good story whose arc is a little overly familiar. Still the production values are high and the story is compelling.
0.75 The movie's own moral stance is above reproach, and the two leads are engaged enough to make you care about the outcome.
0.8 Bankrupt fascist politics and a talent in the ring combine to force decisions no teenager should have to make.
0.75 It's a handsomely mounted production that benefits greatly from location shooting and sharp attention to historical detail.
0.75 The acting is believable; the photography, atmospheric; and the moral, unmistakable.
0.625 Nazis were once innocent children -- that, at least, is the notion behind Dennis Gansel's overcooked wartime drama about the ill-fated friendship between two teenage boys at a training school for elite German military recruits.
0.5 Though well-made, Before the Fall never really comes to cinematic life.
0.4 I guarantee you nothing this cheesy happened during World War I.
0.8 Set in Berlin in 1942, Dennis Gansel's intensely beautiful film brings us inside Hitler's network of elite schools to groom young Germans for positions of power.
0.6 A convincing German morality play about the Nazi's amoral worship of strength and power.
0.5 A polished, German-tinged Dead Poets Society with budding SS automatons subbing in for privileged Vermont WASPs.
0.6 Gansel crafts story and characters to show us a rare but possible youth of Nazi Germany whose inborn morality is not subject to "training.
1.0 "Just as brilliant, beautiful, and entertaining as Romero's first zombie masterpiece."
0.875 An astonishment from start to finish, from its vivid opening shot of a passenger plane in an obviously artificial sky that resembles a 'sea of blood' to the complementary final image of an invading armada of flying saucers.
0.9 Iron-clad-nutso proof that a film can be simultaneously ridiculous and smart, and should not be confused for disposable camp.
0.2 No amount of thoughtful dissection can make up for the unpleasant, uncomfortable and unnecessary experience of actually sitting through the thing.
0.6 rich in allegorical theme and symbolic imagery, transforming the most banal of materials into miraculous epiphanies... but all too aimlessly hypnotic to get a firm grip on the viewer's attention.
0.75 Reygadas' direction seems to wander from time to time, as when Marcos walks around in the hills for long minutes without a purpose, but he always brings it back home. He's a perplexing, but voraciously talented filmmaker to watch.
0.5 Reygadas' artful but ponderous camerawork succeeds only in turning the intimately exploitative ... into something emotionally distant and stupefyingly dull.
0.5 he film's pallid emotional tone, which is in sync with the constancy of the dull gray sky overhead, can make it a hard story to embrace.
0.25 Insufferably arty, polemic and winkingly provocative.
0.5 There is a stillness to the film that is initially fascinating, but it wears thin quickly.
0.2 The only battle I had was deciding whether to watch the whole movie or get out while the getting was good. Unfortunately, I opted to stay to see if it got better... it didn't.
0.6 There's more to this controversial and aesthetically cold film than just its explicit sex scenes. Honest.
0.25 A spectacular failure, despite further evidence of the director's keen eye and bold cinematic ideas.
0.625 If you dare to see it, prepare for a challenge.
0.6 Reygadas' gift for imagery is undeniable, but for most viewers, Battle in Heaven will offer not enlightenment but frustration.
0.625 ... Reygadas has made a sensationalist picture in which all the sensation is willfully dulled.
0.7 I'd be lying if I didn't say this is one of the more original and piercing films I've seen in awhile.
0.875 A hypnotic, ruminative examination of class, religion, and sexuality in contemporary Mexico, Carlos Reygadas' Battle in Heaven is cinema at its most polarizing.
0.3 Overexposed and underdeveloped.
0.75 It's the way in which these 'debased' elements come together in a Christian allegory of sin and redemption that resists easy, reassuring interpretation.
0.75 Reyadas' radical rejection of filmmaking conventions is at first off-putting, but he's able to elicit remarkable performances from the cast of non-professionals while building tension that will hold viewers' attention.
0.625 Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating.
0.8 Not everyone is going to be willing or able to take this leap of faith, but those who do go along with Reygadas may well feel they have come away having undergone a stunning revelatory experience.
0.625 To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case.
0.4 At once unmoored and ruthlessly calculating, the Mexican film Battle in Heaven has everything for everyone or perhaps nothing at all.
0.875 Fighting cliche, presenting the most flawed people as sympathetic and occasionally averting his camera eye as his characters neglect the saving of their own souls, Reygadas has made a movie that is itself an ethical dilemma.
0.6 Depicts the spiritual emergency of an amoral man in Mexico City who plunges into despair and turns to sex as a way out of his funk.
0.5 Battle In Heaven is a noble effort from Reygadas but not exactly a good one. For such an involving premise, there is not much going on to keep interest.
0.6 Battle In Heaven suffers from an infuriatingly slow pace and a certain air of impenetrable arthouse movie but it's worth persevering with for some striking imagery and some genuinely shocking scenes.
0.3 Battle in Heaven is less an example of sophomore slump than it is a jaw-dropping exercise in misguided ambition.
0.6 Inventive throughout, Reygadas' imagery becomes breathtaking in the closing scenes of religious pilgrimage, where Marco's existential crisis is brought to a harrowing head.
0.875 9 Songs was sexy but meant nothing. Battle in Heaven is unattractive but meaningful.
0.375 Really boring, pointless and, well, bad.
0.4 To follow up Japon, Reygadas goes even further into Mexican metaphysics ... but he loses us in the process.
0.75 Shakhnazarov, who began his film career in the Soviet era and was about the age of his protagonists in '73, brings an authenticity to the material, as well as a certain wistfulness in his excellent re-creation of Brezhnev-era Moscow.
0.8 A nicely turned film about the crushing inevitability of change.
0.6 Evocative period details and persuasive performances lend a poignant sadness to Karen Shakhnazarov's familiar, but well-told, coming-of-age tale.
0.75 [Director] Shakhnazarov came of age during the Soviet Union's Communist days and brings firsthand experience to the Brezhnev-era The Vanished Empire.
0.6 In The Vanished Empire, Mr. Shakhnazarov, a prolific and under-recognized Russian filmmaker with a surrealist touch, views the collapse of the Soviet Union as an inevitable conflation of the younger generation's natural impulse to reject the past.
0.6 A Russian film about a self-absorbed youth who is driven by an insatiable yearning to have whatever he wants.
0.4 The moralistic finale feels tacked on to the vivid celebration of Commie teen lust.
0.625 The lost-world aura of the film's clumsy youths provides an inexorable dig into Brezhnev-era diffidence.
0.7 For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
0.75 The dialogue in "Poison Friends" is clever and erudite, but underneath the lit-crit the film has the atmosphere of a Hitchcockian thriller.
0.9 Poison Friends is at once a sly satire on the pretensions and aspirations of academia and an intellectual suspense-thriller that builds and builds but never loses credibility.
0.75 It's intellectual without being dry, dramatic without bombast, smart without posturing.
0.333333333333 Turgid ivory-tower drama.
0.7 In this observant psychological drama with the energy of a thriller, there's no blood (except for maybe a paper cut) or weapons, but audible gasps will not be out of place.
0.75 Sly, subtle and very French psychological drama.
0.75 If you don't take anything Andre says seriously, there is a wicked sense of fun about it, and you may even see a little of yourself in one of the characters.
0.75 The movie seems an act of score-settling by someone who got singed by a critic. Fair enough, and Andre's deviousness makes the film slyly credible, too.
0.8 Has a degree of energy, an appetite for strong feelings and big ideas, notably missing in American movies about the young and overeducated, which tend to specialize in mumbled ironies and tiny epiphanies.
0.875 Promoted as an intellectual suspense thriller, Emmanuel Bourdieu's second feature film is a chilling plunge into the dark pools of group think and a scalding examination of the vulnerability of the unformed identity.
0.7 A solid script, but it's really the performance by Vincon that's likely to leave a lasting impression on the viewer.
0.6 A richly developed French film about university life, power, deceit and mentoring that presents quite a moral wallop.
0.3 The screenplay and direction of Emmanuel Bourdieu's Poison Friends is as pompous and blind to reality as Morley [the main character] himself.
0.5 Has little to say about friendship other than that it's sometimes maintained by less-than-kind motives and reciprocated with equal coldness.
0.6 needlessly long
0.8 These are four extraordinary performances, delicate in their construction, honest in their execution.
0.2 asygkratitoi symbolismoi, poy plakonontai ap' to baros enos dyskinitoy lyrismoy kai tin emmoni se mia adieksodi kinimatografiki forma, asfyktiki ston tropo poy heirizetai ton afigimatiko rythmo san ergaleio basanistikis timorias toy theati.
0.75 Stylistically it's a beauty, with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score.
0.7 Awful deaths (and hysterical reactions to them) punctuate declarations of love and friendship, revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst.
0.8 Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal, Verhoevenesque atmosphere...
0.8 A wonderfully exciting, incredibly idiosyncratic actioner.
0.375 Maybe Battle Royale's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously.
1.0 Fukasaku's set pieces are dynamic, composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie's successor, 'The Hunger Games.'
0.8 Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem, violence and unfettered teen melodrama.
0.75 Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences.
1.0 It gets no points for subtlety, but this confronting, devastating, hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right.
1.0 A disturbing film to say the least, and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States.
1.0 A modern classic about the folly of violence.
0.8 Some will be uncomfortable or appalled, and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy, but this isn't a film you'll forget easily. And, seriously, what would you do?
0.8 Os intertitulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme, mas, de modo geral, a acao e muito bem conduzida e os personagens, satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos.
0.7 Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un veritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood.
0.4 The basic storyline just isn't very good, and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious, which quite simply isn't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this.
0.7 As twisted as it sounds, killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid, well, cinematic boredom.
0.8 BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored, and will not be easily forgotten...the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop.
0.4 'Battle Royale' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of 'reality TV'.
0.8 A hell of an action movie, an admission that makes me feel a little guilty.
0.8 Sharply written, bloody, and darkly funny, this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare.
0.75 Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage, I was able to stop considering it an important film, and start watching it as an entertaining one.
0.4 It's fascinating, tense and grisly... but a bit of a muddle really.
0.6 As usual, Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction, even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious.
0.8 This is a heart-stopping action film, teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline, teamwork, and determination, but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative, shockingly violent package.
0.75 Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief.
0.375 An Iranian political drama told in The Blair Witch Project fashion. ... An incomprehensible mess, only its high-minded intentions save it from being truly awful.
0.875 A poetic, powerful work.
0.5 All Gordon Green can manage are...dreamy images, blunt-edged characters and dialogue, splattered like so-much Cheese Whiz over a shapeless mess of a pseudo-poetic narrative.
0.2 Obriga o publico a passar duas horas ao lado de pessoas absolutamente desinteressantes.
0.4 The performances are convincing, and sufficiently nuanced to elevate the characters beyond mere cliche.
0.4 Zooey Deschanel, in her first starring role, barely saves this film from the murky bogs of independent dreck.
0.89 There are several moments so sublime, so ineffably and serenely beautiful, that you might be convinced that this sort of relationship could only happen in a dream.
0.6 A lot of the dialogue is funny and dumb and sometimes insightful, but there are also moments when something rings so false it feels you're watching an artfully directed episode of Dawson's Creek.
1.0 The story takes place in the real world, but the real world as it feels when you're in love or when you watch a great film like, say, this one.
0.4 A borderline- unwatchable excursion into rural romance.
0.4 Undisciplined, unfocused, overimprovised and unevenly acted.
1.0 an extraordinary ode to the power of first love and its ability to redeem, even when it involves heartbreak that, in retrospect, was inevitable
0.625 The characters just sit there and talk, and you start to feel you're trapped not at a movie but in a tiny diner somewhere, eavesdropping on a lot of uninteresting conversations.
0.5 One of those movies you're sure you're supposed to like, and then you wind up not liking it so much.
0.875 By dismissing the cliches of movie romance, "All the Real Girls" comes closer than most movies can to showing a couple falling in love.
1.0 As the best anti-Hollywood romance I've seen in years, the film restores my faith in the independent film movement.
0.875 If only the film had somewhere to go. Green refuses to opt for a pat ending, but the finish he went with is jarring and unsatisfying.
0.75 A wise, delicate and immensely touching romance.
0.875 Patiently reveals itself as a simply poetic romance told in fragments of Southern-accented conversation.
0.9 I have seen the cinematic future and his name is David Gordon Green.
0.75 The characters in All the Real Girls can seem a little thin ... but the emotions always feel genuine.
0.4 Director David Gordon Green knows more about how to capture a striking image on screen than telling a compelling story.
0.8 Has a much sharper focus than George Washington, making it a more accomplished picture.
0.75 A slice of regional poetry intrinsic to lives overlooked by, under-lived in comparison to, and outside the mainstream.
0.8 After a while, you feel like you're watching natural interactions rather than a scripted performance.
0.75 It's a beautifully realized and assured work packed with the kind of raw emotions that rarely make it to the screen.
0.625 Deschanel gives a heart-wrenching performance that often makes Schneider's seem inert.
0.75 A smartly acted, achingly simple love story.
0.875 There's something about the simplicity and directness of the relationship in All the Real Girls that truly touches the heart.
0.7 The joys, hurts and fears in any new relationship are so close to the surface for these characters that their attempts to navigate their feelings can be acutely painful to watch.
0.75 An anti-Hollywood romance; a tonic for all those weary of the usual cinematic overglamorization of love.
0.8 Green confirms his status as the most atmospherically distinctive American movie director since Paul Thomas Anderson.
0.5 One of those movies that can drive you freakin' nuts.
0.875 It's a love story stripped of trite narrative conventions and made to feel searingly honest.
0.75 Green's style will put him among the big names of a new generation of filmmakers
0.875 Green ... makes the movie raw, confused and vivid, just like the emotions its characters experience.
0.75 I enjoyed spending time with [Green's] characters (particularly Noel, who's beautifully played by the ever illuminating Deschanel) and in his world.
0.75 Green, who co-wrote the story with Schneider, allows the characters to say and do whatever feels real -- or failing that, whatever feels beautiful.
1.0 It gives you fuel for self-reflection, sadness to last a lifetime, plenty of food for thought once the tears subside and joy in knowing that great American cinema is alive and kicking. Brilliant.
1.0 Small-town romance has the poetry of the inarticulate, the faith of the wounded and the beauty of the everyday in every heartfelt frame.
0.875 This is a real deal about people of interest, and filmmaker Green is truly ripening.
0.75 A movie that eliminates Hollywood gloss and pop cliches -- and in their place offers an honest look at young love and its pitfalls.
0.75 Miraculously, Deschanel makes Noel the real girl that both Paul and the movie very much need.
1.0 As we stumble and trip our way through romance, hearts aren't just broken -- they deflate until they disappear. Watching `All the Real Girls' is like listening to the hissing sound.
1.0 Green is 27, old enough to be jaded, but he has the soul of a romantic poet.
0.5 The main characters are unremarkable, and most of the acting is dull.
0.625 Art-school stew, made, in this case, from Green's own leftovers.
0.75 A small movie about big emotions, with Green capturing the rush of love and sting of heartbreak with great vividness.
0.5 Wallows in high-fallutin' indie-ness while catering to self-indulgent reality.
0.625 ...now that I sit down to review the picture a couple weeks later, I barely remember it. Whatever positive impression it left sure didn't last.
0.8 Isn't likely to win over the romance audiences who look for fluffy distractions ... [but] will please those who like their relationship movies honest, realistic, and understated.
0.5 A handsomely photographed movie of little consequence.
0.6 The film's strengths are overshadowed by Green's flawed script, which wobbles awkwardly between art-house eccentricity and trite Hollywood sentimentality.
0.875 Serves as an incisive commentary on the extent to which we, as the modern audience, have learned to accept a certain contrived cleverness as the true evocation of love.
0.75 Girls isn't fabulous, but you do feel its characters really have connected.
0.4 Too many scenes feel like actor's exercises in which characters assume unconventional positions and suffer bouts of spontaneous dancing.
0.625 Paul Schneider, a buoyant young newcomer from North Carolina, is the No. 1 reason to see David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls.
0.875 A love story for dorks, and I mean that in the best possible way.
0.7 An incredibly real story about first love -- not just realistic, but real -- and a heart-breaking but unyielding portrait of what happens when that emotional purity inevitably falls apart.
0.75 One of the few films to honestly nail the awkwardness and ardor of young romance.
0.7 Mr. Green, with unabashed sincerity and exquisite tenderness, captures both the world-stopping intensity and the delicate absurdity of youthful longing.
0.6 Like the confused young people whose tumultuous emotions it details, David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls is exhilarating as well as a little bit frustrating to spend time with.
0.8 From a Southern perspective, the movie's a true breath of fresh air. For once, we're treated to Southern characters who aren't gun-totin' rednecks with exaggerated accents.
0.75 A realistic portrayal of how first love resonates on its lucky people in a small southern town.
0.6 This then is David Gordon Green's cinema - messy, frustrating, and fascinating, an ever-growing process towards something unknown.
0.8 A timeless portrait of two individuals' awkward, euphoric first encounter with love.
0.5 Rather than tying together into a satisfying whole, the fragments seem to fly off in any number of directions, and a sweet, simple tale of young love dissolves into a mishmash.
1.0 Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
0.8 The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
0.875 The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
0.6 It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
0.6 Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
0.375 Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
0.7 This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
0.7 the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
0.8 The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
0.6 A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
0.625 Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
1.0 Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
1.0 It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
0.6 It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
0.8 Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
0.8 A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
0.4 However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
0.6 It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
1.0 Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
1.0 It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
0.6 Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
0.8 This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
0.8 It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
0.8 Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
0.6 Snowtown brings cold comfort.
0.8 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
0.8 Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
0.8 Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
0.8 Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
0.7 This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
1.0 Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
0.9 Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
0.8 A gut-wrenching authenticity and damaged grace that cannot be denied.
0.7 Snowtown is an extreme exercise in Australian miserablism designed to demonstrate how toxic ideas spread like a plague in vulnerable communities to manifest in the most horrific way possible.
0.8 Few films can rightfully claim to offer its audience the opportunity to spend a couple hours in the bowels of hell, but Justin Kurzel might as well print up t-shirts saying as much to promote his feature film debut, Snowtown.
1.0 An incredible piece of cinema and a devastating, poetic work of storytelling, Snowtown is unmissable.
0.7 Uncompromising and distressing, Snowtown delves into the grizzly events of Australia's worst serial murders, while exploring the slippery slope of vigilante justice within a community left to the wolves.
0.7 Sitting through Snowtown is a kind of torture in itself. This isn't really a movie you enjoy watching; it's a movie you subject yourself to and must endure.
0.5 A mildly intriguing, yet ultimately detached and pitiless portrait of psychopathy.
0.7 Snowtown mines similar territory to Rowan Woods' seminal The Boys, in its exploration of very bad deeds born of pressure cooker family dysfunction and machismo.
0.7 easy to sympathize with
0.75 The film's greatest asset is Sibille's slow-burning performance Santiago, a man whose nature and aspirations are fundamentally at odds.
0.75 Pietro Sibille is exceptional as Santiago, and the rest of the cast turn in dynamic performances.
0.8 Dias de Santiago zeros in on the disconnect between one man's sense of entitlement and the unforgiving realities of life in contemporary Lima.
0.6 Newcomer Clara Augarde proves to be a real find in Love Like Poison, a severe coming of age drama set in the Breton countryside.
0.8 No one does underage sex in cinema quite like the French, and the roots of Quillivere's tale of 14-year-old Anna's sexual and emotional awakening in a sleepy Breton village spring from a time-honoured tradition of coming-of-age a la Francaise.
0.8 It refuses to be either prurient or particularly erotic. Its quietness, however, is deceptive. Quillevere is clearly a director to note.
0.8 The film has a wonderful ease and flow: its relatively brief running time is crowded with incident and plot, and yet each scene, each shot, each gesture unfurls in a winningly unhurried way.
0.8 Director Katell Quillevere's feature debut is a sensitive, sensual and surprisingly spiritual account of an adolescent girl's coming of age.
0.8 Impressively directed and beautifully shot, this is an engaging and provocative coming-of-age story thanks to a superbly written script and a terrific central performance from newcomer Clara Augarde.
0.8 All is flux and subtle interrogative nuance in this movie, aided by Tom Harari's stunning cinematography.
0.8 There's no melodrama here, just a series of key episodes that add up to a light but far from superficial portrait of one girl's relationship with the world.
0.6 The melodramatic title won't do it any favours, as Katell Quillevere's debut feature is a quiet, sensitive study of a 14-year-old girl beset by adolescent confusion.
0.6 Like Stealing Beauty awash with Catholic guilt, it's a charming coming-of-age tale that packs plenty into its short runtime.
0.75 The discomforting coming-of-ager Love Like Poison could never have been made in the U.S. It mixes sexual candidness with the fraught transition from adolescence to adulthood.
0.8 The narrative structure is a little shaky at times, and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them, but my goodness it's compelling.
0.6 It's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities
0.6 Often poetic, but lacks dramatic punch.
0.6 The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools, traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines.
0.6 It's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be, but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping.
0.7 Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai (In the Mood for Love) to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop.
0.8 The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it.
0.8 Wong Kar-wei's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around, as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man.
0.6 The sheer class of the production ensures that it's not entirely ruined by its flaws.
0.6 It's suffused with emotional repression and it's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic.
0.6 As a film-maker, Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre, style and mannerism. It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work.
0.8 It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema, but that's almost certainly enough to recommend it.
0.6 This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant, occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form.
0.6 Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur, celebrating the elegance of combat, rather than the brutality.
0.7 This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I don't know. I was very interested about all this north, south the various elements of Kung Fu. I learned stuff from the film.
0.7 Tony Leung's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film, but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er, and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role, especially in the later scenes.
0.2 An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats. Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot.
0.7 It is rich, distinctive and lush, as you would expect, although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming.
0.4 In the absence of genuine profundity, but with dazzling craft on frequent display, his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure.
0.4 As commendable as Wong's film is at visualizing things, it's far less proficient at contextualizing them.
0.6 Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it's standing still.
0.6 The American version is beautiful and moody, and it is muddy in expression, but probably worth seeing anyway.
0.9 Wong Kar Wai has something slow, lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man (Tony Leung), the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee. He offers a chance to dream in kung fu.
0.7 A complete surprise. Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance.
0.5 The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee.
0.87 ...closer in tone to an art movie, an exercise in pure cinema, than it is a chopsocky extravaganza
0.875 The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong's body of work, a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament. This one just happens to have kung fu, too.
0.4 An emotional moving, thrilling and provocative drama that's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling.
0.75 More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand, the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love.
0.6 [Wong Kar-wai] is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man's difficult life, and a ballet out of the many action sequences.
0.875 Martial arts, resonant themes, and lush visuals make a well-rounded package
0.6 He's typically more show than tell, but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling.
0.8 It ranks with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens.
0.75 You leave this deeply flawed, deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action.
0.7 I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now. And it's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it.
0.625 Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master. A master of character - deep, rich, truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster, he is not.
0.625 [W]e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be.
0.5 Beautiful but troubled, achieving in stretches the director's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions.
0.75 Granted, "The Grandmaster" is not a primer on Chinese philosophy. Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans.
0.75 As a kung fu film, "The Grandmaster," with its exhilarating fighting sequences, won't disappoint. As a Wong Kar-wai film, it rates high.
0.875 Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art. His "The Grandmaster" is a picture of staggering beauty.
0.75 The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts, but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision.
0.625 "The Grandmaster" is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating, sensuous, even sublime. To that end, "The Grandmaster" doesn't disappoint.
0.4 The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools, failing as both a biography and an action film.
1.0 A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga, a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism.
0.875 You don't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by "The Grandmaster," the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man's early life by director Wong Kar Wai.
0.75 Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations, the tastefully bittersweet "Grandmaster" puts us in the mood for more.
0.625 Fans of Wong's esthetic will no doubt lap it up, as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features, while Chang Chen, cast here as a character called The Razor, makes his third appearance.
0.75 It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong.
0.875 It's a terrific film, and it's a lot of fun.
0.25 This super-serious, horribly-told story may focus on kung fu, but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold.
0.5 It's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie.
0.875 More than anything, perhaps, The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that, at least in this cut, seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er...
1.0 One of the best films of 2013. Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic: he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China, with orchids, opium, crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s
0.7 The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action.
0.6 The Grandmaster is languorous, lovely, and familiar to admirers of Wong's past work. It also feels out of balance with what's come before, even when the film doubles back for more action scenes.
0.6 Wong Kar Wai is one of the world's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing. Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script.
0.75 Yip Man lives!
0.6 The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy, disjointed pseudo-biopic, one that loses interest in its subject halfway through.
0.7 Somber, stylized and visually stunning
0.5 Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing, Wong Kar-wai's latest movie offers a hybrid that's hard to decipher.
0.75 A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see.
0.625 Ip Man's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers. Wong builds upon it, establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan, Ip Man's home city in southern China.
0.625 There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's new film, The Grandmaster, that are as gorgeous as anything you'll see on a screen this year, or perhaps this decade.
0.75 Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars, and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography.
0.8 this is one filmmaker so talented that, even when he's manipulated, he's amazing
0.5 With so many years spent on it, Wong should have been able to see that the structure wasn't coming together and that his characters needed further work.
0.8 Wong's genius for overheated, overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s.
0.72 Despite its problems, The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies.
0.8 You'll feel decadent enjoying it, but everything is so tasty, it would be foolish to object.
0.75 An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography, though the second component pales in comparison with the first.
0.8 However much history informs this movie, "The Grandmaster" is, at its most persuasive, about the triumph of style.
0.7 Virtually incomprehensible, but a beautiful mess.
0.6 An exquisite-looking, fitfully moving drama from the director of "In the Mood for Love."
0.2 How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull?
0.6 Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work; there's a pretty dullness here that shouldn't be confused for mastery.
0.625 It's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man.
0.625 Lovely, well-acted with great set pieces, but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope
0.625 The film, more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films, is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator's head.
0.7 The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully. Despite its camera work being clean and crisp, the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced.
0.7 There's a genuine sophistication, both technically and thematically, to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance.
0.7 Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought.
0.875 The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories.
0.75 Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life.
0.6 The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love... intense and understandably moving. It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest.
0.7 Fun, up to a point, but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific, with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare.
0.625 It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema.
0.875 It's not a new idea, that violence destroys everyone, no matter the 'righteousness' of their cause. But it's one worth relearning.
0.375 While there's no denying that Park has strong visual skills, his content so far is in appalling bad taste.
0.5 There's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction, but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths.
0.75 Park's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents.
0.5 Promises to be a stylish, resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks.
0.625 It's all a little ultra-cool for me. Shakespeare was right. Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold, not cool.
0.75 Park pays most of his attention to visceral style, but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable.
0.25 So bloody, scatologically violent and consistently shocking, it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim.
0.4 Two hours that didn't entertain much, thrill much or do much of anything...much.
0.625 Somehow you'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he didn't seem to be having such a good time making it.
0.86 SFMV is a cinematic tour de force, if an unrelentingly cruel one.
0.75 An intense, viscerally charged thriller that stays with you.
0.7 Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy.
0.8 It's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park's even more audacious Oldboy (2003) are clearly evident.
0.75 You'll likely be repulsed by much of Park's vision, but, as somebody once said: no pain, no gain.
0.875 You can't look away, not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed, but because the director sucks you into his bleak, poetic, even sensible vision of cosmic brutality.
0.75 Lucidly [explores] the grey-area complexities of guilt, morality, and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution.
0.9 Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years.
0.4 vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext
0.8 Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor.
0.4 There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability.
1.0 Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecaveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park, este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima.
0.4 The end result is a forgettable movie, notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting.
0.375 A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary.
0.875 These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind, shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination. Even beauty.
0.625 There's no flow or rhythm, and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing.
0.8 Brutally nihilistic, this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time.
0.6 Smart and engaging, but too many meandering breeze-shooting sequences.
0.333333333333 It's never enough to establish any sensitivity or social pertinence beyond the trifling tiffs which are playing out on screen.
0.5 Less dazed and confused than mumbling and mundane, this drama focuses on social awkwardness and twentysomething blues. Skipping aimlessly from scene to scene it offers little observations and rewards low expectations.
0.4 There's only so much twentysomething navel-gazing one can listen to before wanting to slap some sense - and some fully formed sentences - into them all.
0.4 There is something teeth-grindingly cutesy about the whole thing, reaching epic levels of dippiness in the, ahem, nude trumpet-playing scenes. That makes it sound interesting, come to think of it, and perhaps it is.
0.4 For every revelatory moment of sharp perception there's an eternity of goofy smiles, stuttered dialogue and embarrassed glances.
0.4 The film meanders along in conversational style, encouraging improvisational realism but also the thought that maybe these middle-class characters, not quite slackers, are less interesting than they, or the director, think they are.
0.6 Watchable independent drama from the mumblecore crowd, though it's not quite sharp enough, funny enough or insightful enough to really get off the ground and the characters are occasionally irritating.
0.625 Joe Swanberg's film wears out its welcome about halfway through its 83 minutes.
0.7 Swanberg can be playful behind the camera -- he has a taste for Godardian jump cuts -- and his sense of color is crisp. Gerwig, his millennial Jean Seberg, is no pixie; her captivating ordinariness helps hold the movie together.
0.75 [Director] Swanberg nails the inane fun of youth.
0.5 No one involved seems to have any thoughts about why people are selfish and cruel to each other, but they're more than willing to complain about it.
0.75 Chop off a star if you're not up for highly experimental cinema.
0.625 When it works, it works like a charm.
0.6 Perfectly encapsulates the slow-motion, frustrated feeling of early adulthood, when longing and inchoate desire easily outnumber actual transformative events and achievements.
0.5 Looks like it should be on an Off Off Off Broadway play in the Village...
0.75 Hannah is charmingly self-absorbed without the extenuating circumstance of self-knowledge. Above all, she's young. The movie forgives her for that and, with occasional misgivings, so do we.
0.375 Note to anyone who stumbles into this snoozefest: forget about taking the stairs-head straight for the nearest exit.
0.5 The fumbling banalities spouted by the characters belie the prior achievements of the actors making them up.
0.666666666667 [Actor] Gerwig [turns] her terminally anxious character into a poster girl for an entire subset of young women on the verge. Every generation gets the Darling they deserve. We now have ours.
0.375 The loose, rambling conversations that substitute for action might be more interesting if any of the characters were capable of real introspection.
0.75 How can a movie with such a charming cast and believable dialogue (seemingly taken from the actors' real lives) go wrong? It can't.
0.7 Hannah Takes the Stairs is notable for what the movie represents: an evolutionary entry in the Do It Yourself (or D.I.Y.) independent film movement.
0.4 This do-it-your effort, shot in HD, would be nothing without hazel-eyed Greta Gerwig as Hannah, Meg Ryan-cute with a tousled Jean Seberg hairdo.
0.4 Gerwig's talents might be better displayed in some form of scripted or structured film rather than this erratic warts 'n' all waste of time.
0.5 At what cost, naturalism?
0.6 The unexpected appeal of this seeming non-story is cumulative; what begins as a maddening portrait of a microcosm of liberal, well-educated white kids (with the occasional ethnic friend) steadily grows on you.
0.53 The result is a mesh of creative sensibilities that never quite congeals.
0.7 A low-key and enjoyable film with a cast consisting mostly of other indie filmmakers and writers.
0.8 Each film [director Swanberg] does is a little more of an evolution in style and form and Hannah Takes the Stairs is like watching a natural progression of talent.
0.625 The flaws aren't fatal. The beauty and brilliance that might have been, don't preclude the quality and bravery that exist on the screen.
0.2 The House of the Spirits is like Gone With the Wind with the fun and excitement replaced by lofty. All that's left is the wind.
0.5 How can an accomplished director take a great novel, the best actors working and the finest technicians available and make a film so... bland? It's a puzzlement.
0.25 This isn't just a bad movie -- it's hugely, grandiosely, pompously bad.
0.3 Inert from its opening moments to its too-long-delayed close, this lackluster production is an example of international filmmaking at its least attractive, and a misstep in the careers of pretty much everyone involved.
0.25 The story, from the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende, is purely incidental to the unintentionally hysterical stylings of this potential camp cult film. It's truly awful, and one shouldn't miss it for the world.
0.4 Given the talents involved, the film's hesitations in style and consistent failure to really move must be counted as a major disappointment.
0.4 Sterling cast, but a thoroughly mundane movie
0.6 It does take daring chances with a book that could not have been adapted otherwise, using extraordinary actors to rise above its occasional lapses. The lack of fidelity is often offset by intelligence of a subtler kind.
0.7 Ultimately, The House of the Spirits blends enough melodrama and magic realism and personal conflict framed in political terms to keep virtually any audience happily absorbed.
0.5 All of the characters have the right names, all of the necessary events occur, and indeed the very best local actors have been engaged. But the soul has been mislaid.
0.3 Everything is too densely compressed and without resonance, and The House of the Spirits blasts through six decades without leaving any emotion in its wake.
0.75 Bille August has done a fine job with Isable Allende's tale, crafting a captivating motion picture, but it's hard not to recognize the flaws, and wonder about the lost potential.
0.75 ...it's impossible not to get a kick out of watching [Noah] Wyle kill a man using a silenced pistol.
0.7 Worth watching if only for the half-dozen familiar faces and a few scenes that ratchet up the intensity quite serviceably.
0.8 Mehra's Bafta-nominated attempt to combine political drama and traditional entertainment remains entirely compelling.
0.5 The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
1.0 Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
0.9 The performances are fantastic, and as an ensemble they compliment each other beautifully.
0.8 A stark and strangely mesmerising take on contemporary silent cinema... for anyone interested in the language of filmmaking itself, The Tribe is a movie that demands to be seen
0.375 The film is more interested in performance and symbolism than in the meaning of its characters' words or their substitutive gestures.
0.8 I can't stop thinking about it.
1.0 A sad, shocking and undeniably harrowing dramatic reflection of Ukraine with the searing truthful lens of a stylistic documentary treatment (at times similar to that of Austrian auteur Ulrich Seidl).
0.95 The piece de resistance is a taboo subject that unfolds in an elaborate single take. It was so harrowing I would have applauded if it would not have been completely inappropriate for the subject matter to do so.
0.875 The Tribe was by far the most hard-hitting and vivid work in the [Cannes Film] festival.
0.9 Part of a forger's craft involves not simply duplicating the images but replicating the strokes to be found in the original. Tornatore's film makes deft use of cinematic cliche to lead viewers astray.
0.6 In The Best Offer, director/writer Giuseppe Tornatore feasts at the Hitchcock table.
0.625 An uneven but weirdly mesmerizing drama/thriller, Giuseppe Tornatore's "The Best Offer" offers an acting showcase to Geoffrey Rush.
0.625 Italian writer-director Giuseppe Tornatore... designs beautiful sets around Virgil, who holds the screen in nearly every shot.
0.5 The clues and themes laid out early on in The Best Offer, which evolve into heavy handedness in their own right, also lay unencumbered paths for obvious twists to come in this limp arthouse thriller.
0.7 A sleek art-world caper.
0.7 What a nice way to start 2014, with this intricate, multi-layered tale of mystery, deceit, and delicate anxiety...
0.375 Isn't there a more interesting way to handle an imprisoned princess than this tired cliche?
0.625 An intriguingly Hitchcockian premise gradually takes on a preposterous air in the art-world noir "The Best Offer."
0.4 None of it comes together in any satisfying way, unfortunately, because Tornatore telegraphs every revelation with head-slapping amateurishness.
0.55 A beautiful film marred by a weak script that tries to dive headlong down the Hitchcock rabbit hole without offering any of the tension or suspense that might have made it a worthwhile journey.
0.25 It ascribes to the falsehood that a rarefied milieu inherently infuses a film with intelligence, as if inept execution can be covered up by pretty lensing.
0.8 Clearly at a phase in his career where he can do no wrong, Geoffrey Rush is the aloof, germaphobic, magnetic core of a beguiling tale about fine art, art auctions, fake paintings, antique automatons and wealthy urban hermits. Great stuff.
0.8 The very things that make The Best Offer such a sublime delight are also the same things that would cripple its narrative if closely scrutinised.
0.8 The cinematic equivalent of quicksand. By the time you realise something is awry you'll already be in far too deep
1.0 THE BEST OFFER is a cinematic palimpsest in the vein of Hitchcock's VERTIGO. Perfectly crafted performances, inescapable choral echoes of Morricone's wondrous score, the perfect forgery awaits, and begs to be revisited again and again.
0.4 Fine actors as Rush, Sturgess and Hoeks are, almost everything they say remains dead on the page.
0.9 The film offers a heartbreaking drama told in reverse chronology and spanning twenty years in both the life of the main character and the political history of Korea.
1.0 It's a story about the original sin of a nation as well as one character. There has rarely been a better film made, ever
1.0 Needless to say a must-see for Wongcolytes, Days of Being Wild is also an excellent entry point for people who haven't yet caught this most exotic and habit-forming of cinematic bugs.
1.0 Every shot is perfectly composed and compelling, with light and shadow manipulated to maximum effect.
0.625 It now seems like a promising apprentice work, almost a blueprint for the writer-director's most acclaimed and famous film, In the Mood for Love.
1.0 There are images in Days that can make your heart stop for no other reason than that they're perfect.
1.0 A triumph of movie pop poetics.
0.8 A heady mix of sex, obsession, alienation and angst.
0.375 Wong creates a dream state of shifting, stalling, liquid time, a kind of gauzy unreality that made In the Mood for Love so seductive.
1.0 A rapturous film about cool men, hot women and the thousand and one nights and cigarettes they share.
1.0 It's inexplicable that Wong's early masterpiece has been virtually absent from American screens since he completed it in 1991.
0.75 Raw and jagged, only hinting at the greatness that would come. But even imperfect Wong Kar-Wai is better than the best of most.
0.4 A plotless gangster story is a nearly impossible paradox to pull off, however intelligent the underpinnings of the film.
0.8 [A] brilliant examination of one-way love and crashed relationships.
0.875 It goes to show that "average" Wong Kar-Wai is better than just about anyone else on a good day.
0.8 Wong is a born cinema virtuoso who can elicit genuine emotions while expressing them amid an atmosphere of the most sweeping romanticism.
0.49 Several horror scenes, notably those not involving Dracula himself, are genuinely creepy.
0.6 This is sort of a Saturday Night Fever version of the story with a stylish, afro'ed Langella walking around with an open shirt looking for girls to take to his Castle Disco.
0.8 Granted, it's staged and composed like Masterpiece Theatre.
0.875 The casting is right on target and the atmosphere fittingly eerie in director John Badham's suspenseful, handsomely-mounted 1979 version.
0.4 Nice production values, but that's about it
0.5 Just doesn't fly.
0.4 Compelling idea, but slow, boring execution.
0.4 When people say, "Write what you know," they don't mean, "Write about YOU YOU YOU!"
0.75 [Director] Marker may be windy, but he also enjoys the wisdom that comes with age. His masterful command of the camera shows that he can lecture and entertain at the same time.
0.875 The Case of the Grinning Cat is further evidence of Chris Marker's exhilarating wit. His hour-long cinema essay offers a snapshot of France that's been realized in Marker's daydreamy developer fluid.
0.6 vive le chat!
0.9 In The Case of the Grinning Cat, the filmmaker Chris Marker fluidly moves over and under Paris, capturing images of fugitive beauty and pathos.
0.75 Leave it to Chris Marker, the 85-year-old French documentarian and cineaste hero, to take an unexceptional event and turn it into an exceptional film.
0.875 Modestly eschewing declarative organization, Marker's interest in and presentation of information is strictly pointillist.
0.75 Marker -- something of a cine-sage known for his essay-style documentaries -- playfully decodes this unofficial icon of French street culture.
0.6 A bright, intelligent souffle of a film that is both engaged and engaging, and which, like the best French confections, continually rises.
0.6 A playful look at romantic dalliances by an inventive Argentinian writer and director.
0.875 The distinctiveness of Matias Pineiro's alluring brand of formalism lies in this deference to chance and alchemy.
0.8 This four-hour opus about the fury of love and the love of fury is ritually fascinating, often excessive and, with a caution the film wields like a blade, achingly poignant.
0.875 The more you can let this amazing, unbelievable film overwhelm you, the better.
0.8 Exhibiting astonishing dexterity, Mr. Sono shapes all this trauma into a narrative that's completely coherent and surprisingly touching, never more so than in Yu's struggle toward sexual maturity.
1.0 As the old cliche goes, you will not have another moviegoing experience quite like this one all year.
0.875 Love Exposure is, in a sense, Shion Sono's equivalent of the Great Russian novel.
0.6 Love Exposure plays like a marathon greatest-hits-and-misses mixtape. If you see only one Sono film, check out this flick; you will have then seen them all.
0.8 Would the film be easier to take in a more condensed form? Of course it would, but then it wouldn't be the singularly overwhelming oddity that it is.
0.4 It's different, but it's exhausting. Without ever being funny, it keeps up a strident, cartoonish tone for all of its four hours.
0.8 A colourful four-hour rom-com that feels both small and intimate. And it's never dull for a second.
0.8 Complicated and long but deftly handled adventure/caper/satire that ends up being thoroughly entertaining.
0.8 A swooning, often riotously funny melodrama charged with a refreshingly perverse undertow.
0.8 Ambitious, inventive and endlessly arresting, Sion Sono's epic romance is a vibrant rite of passage, guiding us through a world of repression, hypocrisy and delusion towards true love.
0.6 Curious and tasteless, but never dull.
0.6 Deeply strange and politically incorrect, baffling, and often funny.
0.8 It's as mad as a box of frogs, but a strain of melancholy romance adds emotional backbone to the gags, gore and kung fu.
0.8 A graphic mixture of violence, heartache, sex and kung fu, Love Exposure is not for all tastes but there are wonderful moments.
1.0 Audacious, emotionally engaging and laugh-out-loud funny, Love Exposure is one of the best films of the year, thanks to Sono Sion's masterful direction, a superb script and a trio of terrific performances.
0.8 Watts fans will, of course, want to see Ellie Parker regardless of what I or anyone else say about it.
0.8 Enjoyable comedy with several laugh-out-loud moments and a terrific performance from Naomi Watts.
0.6 O que falta de estilo ao filme e compensado por uma atuacao corajosa, despojada e impressionante de Naomi Watts.
0.75 There's no question that what makes "Ellie Parker" work is the continued presence of Naomi Watts, a great film actress whether her film's budget is $187,000 or $187 million.
0.625 Ellie isn't a particularly likable character, but thanks to Watts she's an imminently watchable one. In many ways this is a daring, unforgiving performance.
0.625 Eventually the energy of the original short runs out and the movie coasts on fumes, but it remains surprisingly enjoyable for all that.
0.625 The premise -- someone trying to inject meaning into a necessarily vacuous existence -- is depressing, but there are moments of vaguely uncomfortable hilarity. The whole endeavor, however, winds up feeling flat and a bit dull.
0.75 This is the movie they should show in college acting classes, instead of tapes of Inside the Actors' Studio.
0.4 Ellie Parker has little to recommend it other than Watts' mercurial performance.
0.375 Even if Watts makes it almost watchable, the ugly cinematography is too much of an eye strain to endure for such a thin and uninteresting story.
0.4 Some films can make the leap from successful short film to a feature movie, and some just come up short.
0.625 Watts' performance is brave and jazzy, but Coffey's riffing lacks lasting impact.
0.5 Watts is alternately annoying, sympathetic and hilarious in the title role. She's always entertaining.
0.5 began as a short at Sundance 2001 and should have remained one
0.375 Shot on low-end digital video, the movie looks harsh and the sound is often dodgy, which wouldn't matter if the material were inherently more interesting.
0.5 Too often it has the uncomfortable feel of a too-small sweater - - stretched to capacity, still not covering the territory.
0.625 Though Ellie Parker isn't an especially deep film, and Watts' character can come off a bit whiny and narcissistic (but hey, come on, she's an actress!), it is engaging and frequently funny.
0.375 If the film had any point beyond the pitfalls of starlet-dom, though, it's long been forgotten, as the movie descends into a series of acting-class moments.
0.25 Naomi Watts is the only explanation for the existence of the student-y digital video feature Ellie Parker
0.625 As a spoof, it all feels a bit tedious and thrown-together.
0.25 There's the germ of a comic idea here, but most of the movie consists of acting-exercise skits that ramble on until they croak.
0.8 Ellie's story is as old as Hollywood, but Coffey brings to it a fresh, frenzied and often painfully raw vision in which Ellie begins to feel that her personality is as fragmented as life in Los Angeles can be.
0.7 Naomi Watts delivers a fearless, largely unsympathetic portrayal of the title character as a desperate, unstrung version of herself (an Australian actress with a knack for dialects).
0.75 You don't have to have any actors in your life to get how killingly smart and accurate Ellie Parker is in its depiction of 24/7 navel-gazing, Hollywood-style.
0.375 What is pleasant and slight in a short film becomes tedious and insipid when stretched to feature length.
0.8 A film has never been so representative of simultaneous reality than this little "inside" drama. Naomi Watts also shows us how many things a person can do while driving.
0.6 A rare pleasure.
0.4 A couple of laughs, a couple of interesting set pieces, a lot of Watts adding to her highlight reel, but when you get right down to it, there's just nothing else.
0.8 Truffaut's ode to his childhood is an engrossing watch that is alluring in its simplicity and brilliant in its direction. It flows nicely at its own pace, never allowing melodrama to ruin its realistic and voyeuristic atmosphere.
0.9 Truffaut brought a fresh and piercingly honest portrayal of troubled youth to the screen. In many ways, Antonie Doinel is not only the cinematic embodiment of Truffaut, but also the French New Wave as a whole.
0.93 Truffault's masterpiece. Timeless and true, heartbreakingly sad.
1.0 Francois Truffaut's iconoclastic feature debut and one of the most enduring examples of the French New Wave.
1.0 What is there to say about The 400 Blows that hasn't already been said?
1.0 It's a cornerstone of the French New Wave, and one of the greatest movies about childhood, from anywhere, ever.
1.0 Henri Decae's black and white photography helped Truffaut enormously but what the director himself provides is a sense that though there is no easy answer to the problems of growing up, there is a hope that will never be wholly denied.
1.0 Vibrant, visually exciting and emotionally resonant.
0.833333333333 One of the first glistening droplets of the French New Wave.
1.0 Distinguished by its naturalistic, quasi-documentary approach and an extraordinary central performance from the 12-year-old Jean-Pierre Leaud, this is a blisteringly authentic story.
1.0 It's streetwise stuff, shot in a vigorous on-the-hoof style, but also full of joy, both in its blissfully comic moments and in Doinel's telling passion for moviegoing.
0.9 Alive with the joy of filmmaking for its own sake.
1.0 The 400 Blows, one of the initiating sparks of the French New Wave, ultimately boils down to the film's trendsetting coda, perhaps the most exclamatory question mark in movies.
1.0 An enduring masterpiece...Truffaut's autobiographical fiction shows an admirable equanimity by depicting the highs and lows of boyhood. [Blu-ray]
1.0 This should be required viewing for today's droves of would-be memoirsts in film or any other medium, and otherwise is simply a must for anybody who likes great movies.
1.0 Seems forever young.
1.0 Un film partiellement autobiographique qui fait part d'une sincerite et d'une richesse ahurissantes.
1.0 it informs everything we know today about watching movies.
1.0 Truffaut's brilliant debut, one of the seminal works of the New Wave, is a captivating autobiographical chronicle of a troubled youth.
1.0 One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood.
1.0 Leaud's performance is a marvel in the way he conveys Antoine's frustration with the world around him and the inability of adults to understand him.
1.0 Amazingly, this vigorous effort is the first feature film of M. Truffaut, who had previously been (of all things!) the movie critic for a French magazine.
1.0 For all of Truffaut's mastery of the behind-the-camera aspects of The 400 Blows, an equal share of the credit must go to lead actor Jean-Pierre Leaud.
1.0 This bleak ending, with Antoine turning to stare into the camera, is among the most famous shots in cinema history, and for good reason.
0.8 A landmark in modern cinema.
1.0 Extraordinary.
1.0 The later films have their own merits, and Stolen Kisses is one of Truffaut's best, but The 400 Blows, with all its simplicity and feeling, is in a class by itself.
0.9 One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
1.0 The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
1.0 An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
0.8 Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
0.5 It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
0.375 Middling Cinema Paradiso magic realism turned lifeless by abundant treacle and a literal approach to his lightly surreal material.
0.625 Little Acuna gives a sweetly unaffected performance as the beleaguered child, and his transformation from a joyless paperboy with no future to a prematurely burdened child for whom education may lead to a better life is touching.
0.5 Sweet but not especially original.
0.4 It sounds churlish to bash a film that's as bereft of bad thoughts as a tiny puppy. But when the puppy licks your face for 108 minutes, enough's enough.
0.6 An uplifting and heartening Uruguayan film about a poor and kind boy whose life is transformed during the 40 days of carnival.
0.8 Satyajit Ray's study of the destructive power of superstition is typically compassionate; there are no easy villains. Intelligent and moving.
0.75 Ray shows compassion and insight, telling the story in a subdued but fascinating manner.
0.6 Lacks the enraptured rhythms of The Apu Trilogy, but engrossing all the same.
0.75 It's a film that bears all the hallmarks of Ray's best work: gracefulness, exquisite pacing and composition, love for his characters and a deep regard for the power of silence to tell a story.
0.75 A constantly dark, absorbing and personal turn on the mob genre.
0.75 Carey Mulligan announces herself as a major name to watch.
0.7 Nick Hornby's screenplay is funny and sweet and 1000 percent English in that catnip-to-American-audiences way he's so good at already.
0.8 You could do a lot worse than spend 100 minutes with Ms. Mulligan. Movie fans, I give you a woman worth educating yourself on.
0.8 Humility, that most educational of human qualities, is earned and wisdom is gained, making An Education not only an entertaining picture, but an enlightening one as well.
0.34 ... attempts to impress audiences with its worldliness, but it comes off instead as an awkward, unformed teen fantasy run amok.
0.875 An unusually nuanced and mature depiction of one of those hoary movie fantasies: the older man who gets the much, much younger woman.
0.75 It's not a perfect movie, but it is an enjoyable one.
0.7 [Mulligan] brightens what could be considered a common lesson in youth vs. maturity, and makes it one worth sharing.
0.75 Carey Mulligan deserves serious Oscar consideration for her work in An Education.
0.9 It was hard to watch Jenny fall so easily to chaotic neutral David, but it was deliriously romantic as well. He wears down our resistance and we fall for him too.
0.75 As a fan of the great kitchen-sink dramas and British coming-of-age films of the 1960s, I loved this throwback to that glorious time in British filmmaking.
0.75 The film's greatest strength may well be how Sarsgaard's David, in concert with Hornby and Scherfig, seduces the audience along with Jenny, promising the world and leaving temptingly unlocked a Pandora's Box of social ambiguity.
0.875 In a film marked by strong performances Carey Mulligan is a show-stealer, with a career-making performance that relies as much on charm as on acting ability.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.875 Here, you see a family collectively come to appreciate the strength of a heart scarred over and the blossoming of a woman (and actress Carey Mulligan) who learns that pie-in-the-sky predictions for a future can sock even the most sensible among us.
0.8 Scherfig transmits lessons of morality and irony in a well cast and produced ensemble piece.
0.875 The screenplay by author Nick Hornby is exceptional: Witty, observant and wise.
0.6 An Education souleve plusieurs questions pertinentes sur les rudiments de la vie et de l'amour, sans toutefois reussir a repondre a chacune d'entre elles.
1.0 Mulligan completely owns "An Education," giving one of the most self-assured breakout performances in years. And the best thing is that the movie, an elegant and sharply observed coming-of-age story, measures up to her performance.
0.875 In what is her first but certainly not last starring role, Mulligan is so natural that you wonder why it took filmmakers so long to give her a role this substantive. The 20-something is sure to be on the mind of Oscar and other awards voters.
0.8 "An Education" is worth seeing, mostly for its superb period detail and the strong performance at its center.
0.9 Scherfig and Hornby have a winningly droll sense of humor, but the main reason to see An Education is because they treat viewers as if they were as intelligent as Jenny.
0.875 Coming-of-age movies are a dime-a-dozen, but one as exemplary as An Education deserves nothing less than the opportunity to command top dollar on the open market.
0.875 This cinematic gem is an ironclad lock to be nominated for best picture of the year.
0.875 The message proves surprisingly conventional, but its delivery is entirely pleasurable.
0.75 A handsomely crafted and beautifully acted awakening story that's predictable but consistently rewarding.
0.86 ...about the British preoccupation with status, about the aspirant bourgeois and the outliers who exist beyond convention, in a moveable feast of booze, sex and petty criminality.
0.875 Mulligan perfectly balances on the line of girlhood and womanhood, shifting naturally from schoolgirl innocence to Audrey Hepburn-like sophistication just by putting up her hair.
0.9 A good deal of this works because of Mulligan, who deserves every accolade and Audrey Hepburn comparison she's received for her performance.
0.9 ...a complex and morally ambiguous story which rewards the audience's attention without resorting to pushing their buttons.
0.8 Everything about Scherfig's coming-of-age story about a girl in the London suburb of Twickenham in 1961 is spot-on.
1.0 The combination of a literate script, an adroit cast and an economical style is simple addition that achieves an alchemical feat: the best film of the year.
0.8 An Education offers plenty to enjoy and admire. It's full of first-rate performances.
0.9 This film is carried on the slender shoulders of Mulligan, a 22-year-old actress who captures both the child and the woman, creating an indelible performance we can't easily forget.
0.9 A love story that simultaneously left me speechless and with a mouth full of words. Mulligan's performance is the best I have seen from an actress in 2009.
0.75 A beguiling little film that, with deceptive restraint and forthrightness, opens up worlds of roiling, contradictory emotions.
1.0 Many have come close, but An Education is the first film this year to grab me by the lapel and whisk me along with its characters...
1.0 The movie belongs to Mulligan, whose Jenny looks like Audrey Hepburn when she puts her hair up and dons a black dress, and like every teenage girl who's had her heart broken when she cries.
0.75 Simultaneously an education and a thrill.
0.75 Scherfig and Hornby craft a portrait of an era whose innocence is overstated without resorting to sepia tinged nostalgia. The result is a snapshot of how we become who we become, as a vibrant and affectionate act of memory.
0.875 An Education argues that life -- and the human heart -- are far too complicated merely to be studied. They need to be experienced.
0.9 An Education is just what the title promises, and a delight, as well.
0.75 A resonant coming-of-age story, at once tough and delicate, that signifies how much times have changed in the proceeding fifty years, and, in other ways, how much they have stayed the same.
0.75 A slightly incomplete, though mostly rewarding, education.
0.9 Technical elements are among the best this year. Photography, editing, music, production design, and costumes all add seamless period flavor to the puritanical stew that was London almost a half-century ago.
0.9 t gives a glimmering surface sheen to the glamorous mirage of David's high life and all but asks, "Would you make a better choice?"
0.6 A decent but unremarkable film with a big, unforgettable central performance. Carey Mulligan passes with First-Class Honours.
0.8 Danish director Scherfig and star Mulligan give the film considerable weight by surrounding this lightly played, strange romance with both an acute understanding of Barber's endearing screen alter ego.
0.9 It'll be a strange person who doesn't find An Education entertaining, and a stranger man still who denies it the success it's sure to enjoy.
1.0 This is a wonderful, life-affirming picture that deserves all the prizes it will undoubtedly win. I can't call it the best British film of the year because it's still only October. But I'd be amazed if a better one comes along.
0.8 A sad, painful comedy, and the lovely performance from Mulligan makes it a very enjoyable film.
0.8 A delightful, resonant film, a great advertisement for Scherfig's self-effacing, but socially probing, directorial style, and a beguiling introduction to Mulligan.
0.8 What began as a tale of innocence lost ends with a sense of exciting discovery. Because the lesson to take away from An Education is that a new star has been found.
0.8 What makes An Education so memorable is that it's a study of a teenage girl that looks beyond face value.
0.8 Much more than a simple cautionary tale, An Education captures the giddy hopes and fears of adolescence, and the dawn of the most transforming decade in recent memory.
0.8 The film's a gem - and [Carey Mulligan's] performance is an education in itself.
0.8 It sounds like a creepy tale of a teenage schoolgirl seduced by a pervert. But it's also one of this year's most captivating British dramas, with a breakthrough turn from an actress we'll be seeing a lot more of.
0.8 Few films set in this period get the social furniture so right, and it's a refreshingly new look at a time pregnant with expectation.
1.0 A hit movie that's small in scale, but big in heart - the most charming British film of the year.
0.8 Veteran journalist Lynn Barber's memoir of a teenage romance makes a pleasing transition to the big screen. Yet, while it's well acted and tautly paced, you never quite shake the feeling you're watching a two-parter on BBC2.
1.0 An Education is a brilliant learning curve - one of the best British films of the year.
0.8 Gymslip love is a tricky subject to deal with, but director Lone Scherfig and screenplay writer Nick Hornby should be commended for generally getting the moral tone right.
0.8 Mulligan has a sit-up-and-watch talent.
0.8 Nick Hornby's screenplay lays out the progress of their relationship, up to the point where David proposes marriage, with great economy and wit.
0.8 The skill of it is in allowing you to see not only how a girl's sense of herself might be hanging in the balance, but to feel how the values of an era can be drama personified.
0.8 In An Education a star is born. Carey Mulligan is simply beguiling. She has the wit and intelligence of a young Emma Thompson, the dazzle of Julie Christie, the fairytale enchantment of Audrey Hepburn.
0.8 Carey Mulligan is sensational.
0.7 Scherfig wrangles everyone into beautifully natural characterisations that make the most of film's somewhat slight approach.
0.8 Destined to be remembered as "the first film you saw Carey Mulligan in". Cos she's ruddy wonderful. And delivers one of those rare performances that can't really be faulted. Bafta glory, in some shape or form, is all but guaranteed.
0.85 Carey Mulligan...allows us to observe and participate in something truly special %u2014 the birth of a major talent.
0.8 The sort of picture that's so effortlessly entertaining that its easy to praise it purely for its superb performances.
1.0 An Education is a vibrant portrait of England on the cusp of its postwar rebirth.
0.8 The 60s period detail is spot on, the script super-knowing. A wonderful surprise of a movie.
0.85 A great, thoroughly enjoyable film, and one which I`m sure will get some Oscar attention towards the end of the year.
0.6 A standard-issue coming-of-age story done well enough and without distinction.
0.8 This is Mulligan's showcase, and she is a revelation, evolving from carefree sprite to self-assured woman, unbroken by heartache but shaped by it nonetheless.
1.0 An Education is, as the title suggests, about Jenny exploring her own desires and shortfalls, and it's too smart a film for easy answers.
0.875 The film is gentle with its judgments. Or most of them.
1.0 The point here is not to judge past missteps by modern standards, but rather to point out how easy it is to allow dreams to overtake reality.
0.6 A nostalgic, rather equivocal study of the mid-20th-century British sea change in attitudes to sex, class and culture.
1.0 [Mulligan] makes the role luminous when it could have been sad or awkward. She has such lightness and grace, you're pretty sure this is the birth of a star.
0.9 The most extraordinary thing about this engaging, hysterical and deeply moving film is how natural this supposedly inappropriate relationship feels.
0.875 One of 2009's finest motion pictures -- an open and honest look at sexual politics and a woman's place in the world during the early1960s.
0.8 It's Carey Mulligan's ivy-league performance that really puts the film in a class all by itself.
0.8 An adult focus upon a questionable pairing sidesteps the raincoat crowd and offers a telling, reflective study of learning the hard way.
1.0 Hornby's humane and humorous screenplay is true to the film's title: In short order, young Jenny finds out important truths about identity, glamour and how adults really think and live.
0.875 A living, breathing, affectionate look at all the possibilities and pitfalls of growing up.
1.0 Sensitively directed by Lone Sherfig, with terrific performances by Mulligan, Sarsgaard, and Olivia Williams, this is one of the best films of the year.
0.75 A star may or may not be born in An Education, but an actress most surely is.
0.7 The ending of the film is particularly poignant, and confirms the theme that, even if you make mistakes, they sometimes turn into memories you'll cherish forever.
0.875 Mulligan might well remind you of Audrey Hepburn more than 50 years ago in Roman Holiday.
0.7 A striking yet strikingly conventional film.
0.5 A fun production with a great soundtrack and scrumptious English scenery but the decisions are ultimately too dim to believe.
0.825 An engrossing, beautifully shot romantic drama that slightly rushed and contrived toward the end, but boasts a radiant, Oscar-worthy performance by Carey Mulligan.
0.8 Watch Mulligan's face as she goes from weary to awakened, and see it all come together.
0.8 It's a pleasure -- which I don't mean entirely as a compliment.
0.7 The movie has a distinctively modulated tone. None of the period touches are overdone, and the central issue of Jenny and David's gaping age difference is never addressed by any of the characters -- as if to do so, in their world, would be boorish.
0.875 Despite the lingering aroma of Victorian rot shrouding 1961, An Education is excitingly young.
0.875 Through stellar performances, clever writing and exquisite cinematography, the story is fresh and thoroughly captivating.
0.75 An above average example of the coming-of-age genre.
0.8 Intelligent period drama tackles mature teen topics.
0.9 Invariably funny and inexpressibly moving.
0.85 Few people who walk out of this movie will be able to forget Carey Mulligan's Jenny ... finds many layers in the way it explores the world at that time.
0.8 An Education is the rare period piece that has a real heart beating underneath it.
0.875 A quiet miracle of a movie that quickly disabuses you of the idea that you've seen it all before.
0.9 A wonderful meditation on understanding life's many choices and hierarchies and deciding to abide or rebel...Mulligan's a lock for a Best Actress Oscar nod and just might win.
0.6 purrs along like a finely-calibrated machine for its first two thirds
0.75 The first two acts are the best with the radiance of Mulligan's performance putting all eyes on her and subsequently seducing us into her discoveries.
0.8 Clever and engaging, the title serves as a double entendre about a transformative 'university of life' experience.
0.8 Even if the story gets derailed, the early part of the ride is such fun that you'll want to take the journey.
0.4 Lone Scherfig directs it all as if it were a breezy lark, so a third-act tonal shift makes for an incongruous, excessively moralistic fit with everything that's preceded.
0.75 The emotional maturity of a sheltered teen in post-war austerity Britain is thoroughly tested in An Education.
0.75 ...the film's appeal ultimately lies in its irresistibly evocative visuals, Nick Hornby's snappy, clever dialogue, and, in particular, the splendid performances from an almost flawless cast...
0.9 Although we are talking age old themes here - first love, dodgy geezers, questions of class - the material is spectacularly well handled.
0.8 The fact that Jenny's flowering, her coming-of-age journey, serves as a metaphor for the times, adds another layer of richness to a peak cinematic experience.
0.8 Strong debut from Australian writer-director Michael Henry. Tightly wound and nicely progressed, this impressive potboiler deserves a wider audience than its limited release pattern will afford it.
0.6 It's essentially well acted, beautifully shot, and the script has enough propulsion to sustain its very modest eighty-eight minutes.
0.4 Michael Henry's Blame clearly takes inspiration from the greats, and the writer/director certainly recognises the ingredients required for a taut psychological thriller, but he doesn't quite follow through in the execution.
0.5 The menace is missing. What we get instead is much bumbling about in the bush.
0.7 This is a local production that punches above its weight.
0.6 There's nothing going on here that you haven't seen done before elsewhere and better, but there's still enough here that's fresh.
0.375 ...Blame primarily comes off as a stagnant, irritatingly talky drama that ultimately feels like an abject exercise in needlessness.
0.7 The unyielding lens catches even the smallest moments of yielding as the two humans, one so young and one so old, one so eager and one so broken, come to appreciate each other.
0.75 The film has a sweetness that stops short of sentimentality.
0.75 Quiet yet wonderfully curious, bold but not bratty, this moon-faced little girl captures the subconsciously tarnished innocence of a child accustomed to having the blues...
0.5 Although well acted with a strong sense of naturalism, the film is as light and ephemeral as the [butterfly] itself.
0.625 The story is as predictable as a hot summer in South Florida, but if you're in need of comfort, Le Papillon is a good choice.
0.7 Apparently, I can appreciate a good natured movie in which a sweet attachment and fluttering butterflies pervade the landscape.
0.9 An exceptionally satisfying film of much grace and beauty.
0.25 Just once, I'd like to see a foreign film about a cranky old person and an adorable tyke who don't become pals and change each other's lives.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, this French family drama will either feel sweetly sentimental or shamelessly manipulative.
0.6 Beautiful scenery and a strong cast help director Philippe Muyl overcome a less-then-compelling script.
0.75 Sure to please children and adults.
0.6 Its combination of psychological insight and emotional restraint helps it transcend sentimentality.
0.5 It's all very sweet and occasionally touching. More lasting shots of more beautiful butterflies would have added a lot, though.
0.7 Heavy on nostalgic charm, but a lovely and insightful portrait of children buffeted by their parents' leftist activism in the 1970's and of Sao Paolo's Jewish neighborhood.
0.5 click for full review
0.6 You've heard this story before, but what makes The Year My Parents Went on Vacation worth seeing is the unfamiliar setting...the Jewish community of Sao Paolo.
0.8 a skillful combination of humor, sadness, and tension
0.75 ... a sharply drawn coming-of-age comedy-drama...
0.625 Joelsas' youthful exuberance carries the movie long enough to make this "Vacation" a rewarding trip.
0.6 The comforting familiarity, even in a foreign country in a time of political strife, is what makes it quietly effective.
0.875 Despite a few bits of low-key humor and some cheeky bits, the mostly charming film is actually meant to be taken seriously. And there are some poignant, surprisingly tender moments.
0.5 Director and co-writer Cao Hamburger presents all of this in such a timid and sanitized manner that one would suspect childhood wasn't a messy affair. Unfortunately for Hamburger, we've all been there, done that.
0.875 Their performances (Michel Joelsas, Daniela Piepszyk) %u2014 natural, poignant and wide-eyed about what life will serve up %u2014 are things of beauty.
0.75 A Brazilian dramedy that touches on politics, sex, family and religion but is interested in them only to the extent that they rub off on the movie's people.
0.875 An utterly convincing depiction of childhood loneliness and uncertainty, in a world I'd never seen onscreen: the Orthodox Jewish community of Sao Paulo.
0.875 Director Cao Hamburger has a warm, delicate sensibility that informs the story's commonplace events. Neither the story's drama nor its comedy are overstated.
0.75 This Brazilian coming-of-age drama, co-produced by City of God creator Fernando Meirelles, charms because it rarely spells things out.
0.625 Be patient and brace yourself for the climax; the wait is definitely worthwhile.
0.6 A gentle coming-of-age film set in 1970 Brazil.
0.75 Director Cao Hamburger, a Brazilian of Italian and German descent, treats this development with a very light hand.
0.8 The Year My Parents Went on Vacation is a meticulous, fascinating and tender story of Brazil in 1970 when revolution was in the air and the World Cup was the hope of bringing a country back together.
0.875 This 1970-set tale of a 12-year-old shaped by three driving forces--his country's brutal dictatorship, his left-wing parents' disappearance and a nation's obsession with the World Cup--pulls you into a well-observed world and its characters.
0.6 A sweet and somber film that works hard to overcome its limitations.
0.75 A pleasant mix of sentimentality and political intrigue.
0.75 The acting is uniformly fine.
0.625 It has little to do with any actual human experience and everything with re-creating experiences from other movies.
0.6 [Director Cao] Hamburger's solid craftsmanship ensures a slick, enjoyable product, even if it's too by-the-numbers to really stand out.
0.625 The film's final third contains a glimmer of a great movie wanting to break out.
0.5 The director's understatement is married to a story that's frustratingly unexceptional.
0.75 Michel Joelsas, the young actor who carries the film, is quite a find ... a fun and charming film.
0.8 An emotionally touching Brazilian film about the spiritual riches and rewards of hospitality experienced by an abandoned and lonely young boy in a strange place.
0.9 This droll coming-of-age story, set in the turbulent year of 1970, astutely captures the resilience of the human spirit.
0.5 Mauro's character is underwritten, but Michel Joelsas delivers a believable, pained lad capable of still being a child.
0.8 An overlooked masterpiece.
0.6 Melville at his best
1.0 At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre.
0.75 a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck
0.8 Super cool.
0.8 Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies.
1.0 Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes.
1.0 Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave.
0.8 Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table.
0.82 In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds.
0.875 A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future.
0.75 less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate
0.8 Textbook noir.
0.875 Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion.
1.0 Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum.
0.75 Picture postcard film noir.
0.8 Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
1.0 Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum. What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never see the bullet that kills you.
0.875 Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
0.9 A staggering masterpiece.
0.8 At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't let go.
0.8 It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no comfortable answers for solving any of the problems it so well describes.
0.75 Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
0.9 We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never quite like this.
0.875 As we see kids of no more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't give them what they want, we can't help but pity them.
1.0 "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us. It elicits a response. It pounds away at us until we break...
1.0 Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change. Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
0.625 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
1.0 a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
1.0 "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never have known existed.
0.88 Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
0.875 Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
1.0 The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
0.8 Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
0.8 For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
1.0 Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
1.0 A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
1.0 This isn't easy to watch. But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
0.9 Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
1.0 Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
1.0 The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not really like anything but itself. And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
0.75 ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
1.0 A lung-burning dash down Brazil's mean streets.
0.875 If the traditional gangster flick has appeared to be hobbling on its last legs over the past few years, this lightning bolt of a movie proves that there are still fresh ways to tackle overly familiar material.
0.8 It's a conspicuously stylish attention-getter that heralds the discovery of a major directorial talent.
0.75 There's no denying City of God's effectiveness in dropping us into an environment crawling with deception, brutality and blind ambition.
1.0 One of the most uncompromisingly bleak films I've ever seen.
0.8 One of those rare moviegoing experiences that simply flattens you with greatness from the word go.
1.0 Hard to watch but even harder to tear your eyes away from.
0.9 A marvelous achievement that refuses to avert its gaze from the poetry and the insane savagery of the hopeless.
0.8 There's a seldom-seen passion and a grittiness in this film that educates, entertains and terrifies.
1.0 So brilliant, so vibrant, so original and so exciting.
1.0 A real adrenaline rush -- at times it manages to be powerful, thrilling and funny and sometimes all three of them at the same time.
0.75 Meirelles takes us to a real-life deathtrap and then proceeds to make us feel twice as alive for the time we spend there.
1.0 City of God does not just show you this world; it puts you into the middle of the danger.
0.875 It has a creative intelligence and swaggering viewpoint that gives this brutal street-life saga a jagged eloquence.
0.5 The question of the picture isn't what to do with the City of God, but really why do anything when such cool movies can be made from its suffering.
1.0 Even in this day and age, City of God is shocking
0.75 It rings with the kind of truths we'd rather evade.
0.75 The teeming cast is so vitally real that acting seems nearly superfluous.
0.75 A dazzling film with deeply disturbing images.
0.75 It is a great story that is told well on film.
1.0 Traffic was brilliant fiction, but City of God proves that true stories often pack the most punch.
1.0 Part Godfather, part Lord of the Flies, City of God stings with a jolt of uncontrolled rage.
0.2 Incredible editing, but leaves an awful taste in my mouth - and I am totally desensitized to violence!
1.0 It is a provocative, controversial excursion through purgatory and hell on Earth.
0.75 As disturbing as it is impressive.
0.87 A tremendous, skilfully composed film that impresses with its artistry and quirkiness while smacking you in the solar plexus with its message.
1.0 With few exceptions, real slum kids and actors from local amateur drama clubs were cast in City of God, and the result is truly believable characters and a gritty, realistic film.
1.0 Fernando Meirelles's powerful, energetic debut mixes troubled adolescence with criminal bonding in Brazil's slums.
1.0 Visually stunning, socially relevant, and simply unforgettable.
0.9 Flies at the audience like it was shot out of a cannon ... but has its own unique soulfulness as it explores a vortex of intense poverty and violence ...
1.0 City of God is meticulous in its descriptions of well-intended individuals caught up in these ferocious waves of street crime.
1.0 Some sort of Blaxploitation epic, but built around complex characters with an incredible attention to detail and based-on-real-events poignancy.
1.0 It should be considered required viewing, I think, by anyone who seeks to understand how violence begets violence.
0.9 A universal film that plumbs the depths of depravity to find truths about the human condition.
0.75 Meirelles opens with a stark image -- close-up of a knife sharpened on a whetting stone -- and, for the rest of the film, pretty much keeps us on that knife's edge.
0.875 It's a credit to Meirelles and Mantovani that they're able to pack such an epic tale into such a tight, fast-moving package without ever stumbling or confusing us.
0.8 What work best in City of God are the portrayals of the characters involved.
0.875 A shocking, deeply disturbing film made with great passion.
1.0 A grim, outrageous, blisteringly effective underworld thriller destined to become a classic of its kind.
0.75 Long and difficult to watch, but it is never dull.
0.8 Although the subject matter will be abhorrent and repellent to some viewers, those who can accept or at least tolerate it will be in store for a tremendous piece of filmmaking featuring a mesmerizing story and an unforgettable array of characters.
0.875 An extraordinary film, but definitely not for the weak of stomach.
0.875 Meirelles has crafted a distinctive motion picture -- one takes us into the streets with an unsurpassed intensity and immediacy.
0.9 The cast of unknown actors, many from the real ghetto, provides the movie with unexpected heart and humor.
1.0 Breathtaking and terrifying, urgently involved with its characters, it announces a new director of great gifts and passions: Fernando Meirelles.
0.5 There's something distasteful in the rote way this film introduces us to two dozen hapless, heartless kids and doesn't care enough to make us feel for them.
0.8 It's like a 24/7 paintball game only they use real guns and real bullets and you get no timeouts. Disturbing, fascinating, heartbreaking, and very realistic.
1.0 The violence never feels exploitative; the only thrill you feel is that of being in the hands of a masterful storyteller opening your eyes to a world that you feel truly exists.
0.5 A well-made but pointless picture, it is a non-stop orgy of senseless violence, as teens and preteens slaughter each other like animals.
1.0 Heartbreaking and savage without being affectedly artsy or lingering. It employs sound and visuals that have a knack for conveying senses of humour, rhythms of days and the auras and values of people.
0.625 Finally more numbing than emotionally shattering.
0.875 A life study of an urban landscape, from its illegitimate birth through traumatic maturity, and on into a not-quite death that, for the generations who call City of God home, is a perpetually self-fulfilling cycle.
1.0 That rare film that manages to be seductively entertaining without ever compromising its authenticity and power.
0.5 The film is as slick as any Hollywood thriller ... that dilute the impact of what might have been an indelible cautionary tale.
0.8 A violent, thoroughly electrifying vision of Rio during the volatile 1970s, and possibly the first great crime film of the 21st century.
0.7 Though the central story of City of God is nothing new, director Fernando Meirelles doesn't let his actors gather dust.
0.8 As the movie's frenetic visual rhythms and mood swings synchronize with the zany, adrenaline-fueled impulsiveness of its lost youth on the rampage, you may find yourself getting lost in this teeming netherworld.
0.7 A potent and unexpected mixture of authenticity and flash.
0.875 This is one movie in which you don't feel the long-ish running time, in part because there always seems to be a surprise (as well as a new street guerrilla) around every corner.
1.0 If the first five minutes of God don't suck you in, it's time to scoop out your eyes and get new ones.
0.875 Life in Rio's favelas is a beach.
1.0 Meirelles' astonishing film is the Brazilian Goodfellas, an exhilarating, shocking, breathtakingly brilliant, hyper-kinetic roller-coaster ride.
1.0 Sometimes a movie comes along that just floors you, its images burn so deeply.
1.0 It's a movie with all the dials cranked up to 11, an overwhelming, intoxicating assault on the senses, and a thriller so tense that you might have the red seat plush in front of you -- or even some unfortunate's hair -- gripped in both fists.
0.8 It's in love with life even as so many of its protagonists die.
1.0 City of God may offer few solutions and little hope, but its remarkable artistry and heartrending content make it a movie for the ages.
1.0 Cinema doesn't get more exhilarating than this.
0.75 This ultra-realist MTV-style spectacle has the style and urgency of Amores Perros but none of its moral ambiguities.
1.0 Harsh and extremely shocking. And also one of the most moving and forceful films of the year.
1.0 O filme certo no momento certo.
0.625 The direction is often inspired and sure-handed, even if it's sometimes unfocused or overambitious.
0.4 a ghost story that wants to be more than just a ghost story, but in the process of trying to be a movie that transcends a genre, it insults the genre
0.7 The Awakening glides ghost-like through its story, laying its own elaborate traps along the way.
0.75 The Awakening is a handsome, well-acted thriller with a script that's never cringe-inducing. So why did it sneak its way onto home video with no fanfare?
0.75 [Rebecca Hall] captures Florence's flinty intelligence and the vulnerability that emerges as she slowly discovers the school's dark secrets.
0.75 Though the story spirals a little out of control in the film's final scenes, "The Awakening" offers the low-key pleasures of an old-fashioned thriller and a lovely central performance.
0.5 Whatever.
0.625 Pretty good, but more pretty than good.
0.7 A concise little old-school British ghost story, and I say there's always room for a few more of those.
0.5 The cast is anchored by two wonderful actresses: Imelda Staunton and Rebecca Hall, whose talents are squandered on this lackluster horror drama.
0.4 Exquisite production design and admirable performances can't overcome the lackluster scares.
0.8 Though slightly undone by a twist that demands a grain or two too much credulity on the part of the viewer, it nonetheless triumphs as a tone poem of an unsettled zeitgeist that plays cat-and-mouse with that same viewer right until the very end.
0.7621 A strong, moving performance by Rebecca Hall coupled with an eerie atmosphere thanks to the top-notch cinematography provides enough palpable tension and scares to compensate for its weak, convoluted ending.
0.5 When these sudden surprises work, as in "A Beautiful Mind" or "The Others," you're too stunned to swallow that next handful of popcorn; when they don't, you're tempted to throw your whole box at the screen.
0.5 A dull British import that never lives up to the pretensions of its period setting.
0.75 An enjoyably old-fashioned ghost story in the vein of "The Others" and "The Orphanage."
0.375 "The Awakening" is nonsense, but with its posh British cast and colors drained to near-gray, it's very solemn nonsense.
0.625 Delivers a series of well-chosen jolts and unsettling ideas. Otherwise, gee, it really is quite a lot like countless other pictures that have come before it.
0.5 A lot of tension and buildup leads us to ... well, it's hard to say.
0.4 "The Awakening" takes so many unnecessary twists and turns that the final one, which should be a biggie, ends up feeling inconsequential.
0.4 For all of its airs of refinement, "The Awakening" is pretty stale stuff.
0.7 This is a truly haunting story, beautiful to look at and involving all the atmosphere you can eat.
0.4 This stately chiller owes a lot to 1960s British flicks like "The Innocents" and "The Haunting," but unfortunately heads towards cliches with every step.
0.6 There is nothing in the film that will keep you awake at night. Instead, "The Awakening" works much more subtly, with a profound sense of dread and resignation, a death-obsessed movie given life by Hall's performance.
0.5 It's routine stuff as horror setups go, especially if you've seen such obvious influences as The Orphanage and The Others.
0.25 The film takes pains to ensure that the story feel like laborious toil rather than a trip through the dark side of the ethereal.
0.6 This handsomely made spook story (love those echo-prone hallways!) becomes less involving the more the narrative's mysteries are solved.
0.7 A haunting film and Rebecca Hall's performance is something that sets it apart from other recent ghost story movies, but the ending may leave you more confused than thrilled.
0.6 This is no classic of a notoriously difficult genre, but if you can forgive the silly conclusion, it's still satisfyingly scary.
0.4 When the convoluted explanation comes, it's too silly to justify the film's self-serious tone.
0.4 Gets dafter and dafter as it progresses.
0.8 A truly fine effort, a worthy reminder of the quality of traditional British pictures and just how good the ghost genre can be when it relies on space, time and simple creaks for effect.
0.4 The film is full of familiar scenes of ghostly goings-on, which lead to an unshocking shock ending.
0.7 The Awakening is a classy old-fashioned ghost tale in the tradition of The Turn Of The Screw
0.6 Winter and Christmas are traditionally times for ghost stories, and The Awakening is a classy one.
0.6 I have to say I found the final, colossal revelation to be contrived, but there are some nicely creepy moments...
0.6 Well cast and acted, with Imelda Staunton as the school matron, the picture is watchable and handsomely made but it's rather weakly plotted and never truly chills.
0.8 Rarely does a horror film make the back of your neck tingle with the calibre of its performances as well as its jumps and jolts - but The Awakening, a beautifully mounted ghost story in the style of The Turn of the Screw, provides chills of both kinds.
0.6 Murphy has produced a mind-bending and foreboding suspense thriller full of intriguing dead ends and plausible accounts.
0.8 Yes, it gets a little melodramatic and nonsensical towards the end, but it's still compelling. I left feeling a little shaken and unnerved.
0.6 There's enough happening in The Awakening to keep you awake.
0.4 A ridiculous revelation and a redundant sexual assault undercut all good sense, as fierce rationality gives way to absurd contrivance and hysteria.
0.6 Creepy, jumpy, if somewhat samey, it's set above the spooker norm by its strong visuals, grief-steeped period setting and lingering ambiguity.
0.4 There's little here to add to the well-worn haunted house genre.
0.7 The Awakening is a tense, classic ghost story given extra backbone by top-notch acting. Shame about the ending.
0.6 An enjoyably creepy ghost story heightened by a terrific central performance from Rebecca Hall, though it's slightly let down by an exposition-heavy script and a disappointing finale.
0.6 While it is not a stand out in its genre, it overcomes the odd dose of over-familiarity with confident filmmaking and some technical flair.
0.375 ...an egregiously familiar ghost story that simply isn't able to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.8 A documentary that celebrates a cathartic act of forgiveness and reconciliation by a grieving family whose gay son was brutally murdered.
0.833333333333 Director Olivier Meyrou takes a potently oblique verite approach, and his remarkable level of access reveals the limitations and equivocal mercies of human understanding with uncommon grace.
0.8 An example of a film whose style doesn't merely suit its story but amplifies its meanings.
0.625 Through a series of interviews, we see the effect inexplicable hatred and murder has on an ordinary family.
0.8 It all has a cumulatively lulling effect, if a nightmare could ever be described so.
0.875 Paced like a drama, imbued with a spellbinding intimacy, and impressionistic in its visual portrayal of crime and punishment, it follows the 2002 murder of Francois Chenu, a gay man beaten by Nazi skinheads and left to drown in a nearby pond in Reims.
1.0 a contemplative, almost poetic examination of the proper workings of justice, and an exemplary depiction of a ruined family rebuilt on the foundations of its own humanistic values.
0.75 Olivier Meyrou may keep his distance from his subjects, but staying out of their way doesn't mean losing sight of their troubles.
0.8 It's unlikely to appeal to your mainstream moviegoer, but this French documentary achieves remarkable things with a depressing subject.
0.8 Meyrou's suitably sombre film leaves you with a sense of enormous respect for a couple refusing to be consumed by hatred, prepared instead to offer their forgiveness.
0.8 This deeply moving account of a French family's response to a needless tragedy is all the more effective as it eschews the sensationalism of so much modern reportage.
0.6 The settings are mundane, but the exchanges are emotionally raw and so neatly convey both the drama and the grinding daily routine of having to cope with tragedy.
0.8 Mortensen's post-Lord of the Rings choices have been an idiosyncratic mix: His my-way-or-the-highway approach doesn't always pay off, but it does here with engrossing results.
0.625 Something of a Distinguished Slog.
0.7 It's refreshing to see a sincere paean to nobility, honor, and courage, especially one that periodically elevates the pulse with expertly mounted standoffs.
0.5 Attempting to expand Camus' rather lean short proves to be a hurdle Oelhoffen can't completely overcome.
0.6 Despite its episodic structure, Far From Men is a powerful and engaging piece of cinema.
0.75 The film often suggests a less defiant cover of The Defiant Ones, yet it's a must-see for Viggo Mortensen's characteristically wonderful performance.
0.7 A movie based on an Albert Camus story. Now that's existential.
0.625 Napoleon and Me is always lively and often charming.
0.875 Don't be completely deceived by the film's light touch; Disco and Atomic War still makes a number of salient points.
0.8276 The kind of rare documentary that simultaneously informs and delights even those who don't care much about history or politics.
0.7 A playful compendium of archival footage, dramatic reconstructions with a surreal comic edge and solemn talking heads.
0.75 It's the true story of how the Soviet government that ruled Estonia into the 1980s began to lose control when somebody discovered they could illegally tap into Western TV from neighboring Finland.
0.6 Entertaining and enlightening probe of the Cold War and its impact on Estonia through the "soft power" of pop culture.
0.6 The result is a mediocre fusion of personal art project and documentary procedural that never quite takes.
0.625 Kilmi and Aarma's look back is both affectionate and skeptical.
0.875 The names of Cindy Baer and Celeste Davis belong on the V.I.P. list of promising new filmmakers
0.6 There's a lack of polish and, more importantly, an uninhibited demeanor to Davis's script which work well for the subject matter
0.875 Natural Born Killers with heart.
0.9 A charming, touching, clever and all-around brilliantly crafted film about teen suicide.
0.8 A fairly compelling movie, but when one realizes that the screenplay was penned by a 14-year-old gal...it adds a whole new perspective to all the angst being tossed around.
0.4 It's not very good in an objective, universal sense. As a Joe D'Amato film, it's the next thing to a masterpiece.
0.8 Earth versus Heaven is always an interesting conflict, but it's seldom looked so beautiful.
0.75 a visually extravagant, exhilarating explosion of animation that makes absolutely no sense
0.75 The spectacular artwork and animation go a long way toward keeping the audience captivated.
0.5 In a movie that is deadly serious, the stilted dialog provides unexpected sources of mirth.
1.0 Meticulously constructed, beautifully played and poignant.
0.8 Deeply moving.
1.0 This may be the definitive portrait of a man who, examining his life, discovers that it may not be worth living.
1.0 May not be the first movie you think of when ticking off the list of Kurosawa's best films, but it is the one that stands defiantly as his deepest, best acted and most watchable.
0.7 Ikiru is a thoughtful and truly well-made film, wherein Kurosawa has the opportunity to explore the human condition more fully than in his action-packed adventures
1.0 I go to the movie theater every week in hopes that someone out there still wants to make a film like "Ikiru."
1.0 If you have never seen it, you should. If you have seen it before, your admiration will only increase.
0.92 Sad, mournful and devastating, Ikiru is one of Kurosawa's most impressive achievements
0.9 Kurosawa has created a subtle and moving account of a man who searches for meaning in the final days of his shallow existence.
0.875 Simultaneously an intensely human story, a timeless snapshot of postwar Japan, and a scathing satire of the bureaucratic mind-set.
0.7 It is a strangely fascinating and affecting film, up to a point.
1.0 A heartbreaking masterwork from Kurosawa with nary a samurai in sight.
1.0 There has never been a smarter, more compassionate film about imminent death.
1.0 I think this is one of the few movies that might actually be able to inspire someone to lead their life a little differently.
0.8 On the surface it seems very familiar ... and not altogether inaccessible to American audiences, but it also has the depth and substance we expect from our imports.
0.8 Powerful film where the transformation is painful to watch, but leaves you feeling hope. It took me by surprise at several turns and stayed with me long after the final credits rolled.
0.4 Add the mystique of a foreign language, and suddenly the U.S. considers it an art film.
0.625 Extremely watchable, even if it never goes as deep as it should.
0.3 Hafstrom's dramatic sense is ... pedestrian and snail's-pace obvious.
0.625 Movies like Evil entertain us by serving sweet revenge on a platter, and director Mikael Hafstrom manipulates emotions more intelligently than most.
0.75 Wilson, who plays Erik, had never been in a film before Evil -- which was nominated for a best foreign-language Oscar in 2004 -- and there's no reason that he can't make many more of them.
0.75 Its stuffy, private-school scenes nearly turn the whole thing into The Dead Pugilist's Society, but this Swedish import does have its chilling moments.
0.625 Director Mikael Hafstrom exudes no subtlety and lets the blood flow, at odds with the nonviolent moral message this Oscar-nominated film aims to deliver.
0.6 Solid enough, its main flaw is a sense of restraint -- it never quite ventures into the surreal darkness of the obviously comparable If...
0.8 Director Mikael Hafstrom demonstrates a sure hand with the material and is definitely a talent to keep an eye on.
0.625 The way it plays out, Evil feeds the audience's bloodlust as much as it decries the worst acts of its characters.
0.625 So unsubtle as to verge on the comical ... this didactic drama is set safely in the past and says nothing about the culture of conformity at all costs that hasn't been said before.
0.75 While it's sometimes obvious, Hafstrom's film is so emotionally satisfying on a gut level -- like Rebel Without a Cause -- that it holds you from start to finish.
0.75 Hafstrom ... keeps us guessing as he confidently builds suspense.
0.5 Hafstrom never finds the shades in his morality tale, so while Wilson is an intensely charismatic actor, all he can do is respond to relentless, escalating tortures. It's immensely unpleasant for him, and, frankly, not a whole lot better for us.
0.8 The microcosm of the boarding school is a potent backdrop to be sure, but it is ultimately a metaphorical backdrop whose import reaches far beyond the story it tells.
0.5 The movie is as blunt as its title.
0.625 Comes perilously close to making Erik's suffering at the hands of sadistic upperclassmen seem almost fetishistic.
0.375 not even a film as colossally absurd as Crash dares to completely sum up its entire train of thought in its one-word title, but such is the insult this 2005 Oscar nominee from Sweden commits.
0.7 There are better films tackling similar issues, but Evil is a confident and well-told drama full of wonderful promise from both director and stars alike.
0.6 It's assured filmmaking and proof that school isn't always the best days of your life.
0.8 Embora moralmente confuso, o filme funciona ao acompanhar o fortalecimento psicologico do protagonista - e os jovens atores sao excepcionais.
0.8 It's Fight Club in a boarding school. It's Dead Poets without the superhero teacher. It's Good Will Hunting with a lot more bloodletting.
0.9 A charismatic teen controlling his power and meeting physical and mental cruelty with disciplined resistance and submission to pain makes this a penetrating character study.
0.5 Hafstrom leaves no loose end untied, and no easy sentiment untapped, but there's a didacticism to Evil that undercuts its sturdy narrative construction.
0.75 Done with Kurosawa's subtle touch of irony.
0.7 Scandal is not a great film, but it is much more than a curiosity, and much funnier than any plot synopsis might suggest.
