0.9 ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
0.875 While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
0.6 ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
0.81 Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
0.8 Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
0.875 It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
1.0 Un clasico
0.8 Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
0.9 This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
0.8 ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
1.0 Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
1.0 One of Chaplin's best.
1.0 Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
1.0 O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
0.9 Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
1.0 It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
0.875 Production and direction wise, Wilder sustains his usual excellence. But his story is controversial and I am not one of those who can quite see The Apartment as the great comedy-drama he evidently intended it to be.
1.0 From such potentially edgy material Wilder and co-writer IAL Diamond sculpt an unforgettable romance.
0.75 Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems.
1.0 Beautifully written and directed by the great Billy Wilder, bittersweet and heartfelt, this is sheer delight.
1.0 Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine shine as two essentially good souls trapped in a tangle of office politics.
0.6 Wilder has made some truly great movies, but this one is not the masterpiece we thought it was.
0.8 Even over a half-century on, The Apartment remains a biting classic due to its modern romantic sensibilities and Lemmon's commanding, thoroughly charming central performance.
1.0 This really is a film of ever increasing returns.
1.0 No one does the pitchblack flipside of funny like Wilder, and 1960's The Apartment is the darkest he ever made.
0.8 Directed by Wilder with attention to detail and emotional reticence that belie its inherent darkness and melodramatic core, it's lifted considerably by the performances.
0.9 This Oscar-winning Best Picture still has the power and appeal that won audiences over back in 1960.
0.8 The cast brings the film together, showing Lemmon and MacLaine as more than just comedic performers, but also as those who can hold their own with heavier script elements.
0.9 A perfect mix of comedy, drama, and romance, The Apartment showcases writer/director Billy Wilder at the peak of his creative talent.
1.0 A screen gem that attained classic status in about as much time as it takes to comb one's hair.
0.8 With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning.
1.0 With tremendous performances by the two leads (Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine), this is yet another "must see" title to be found on Wilder's resume.
0.875 Billy Wilder somehow took a story about infidelity and suicide and made it into a comedy.
0.875 Billy Wilder further enhances his filmic resume with this tender portrayal of a lonely man who may soon get what he deserves. Jack Lemmon is terrific.
1.0 Humanism and cleverness age like fine wine, even if served with spaghetti strained with a tennis racket.
1.0 It's one of the most heartbreaking films I've ever seen.
0.8 A classic comedy, showing Billy Wilder at his cynical best.
0.8 It probably seemed more daring in 1960, but it's still adult entertainment in the best sense of the term.
1.0 Among the funniest films ever to win a Best Picture, this was also risque for its time (and perhaps it is today to some).
1.0 This comedy tells truths about American business and sexual mores as uncomfortable now as they were in 1960.
1.0 Sure it's a bit dated, but that's not the movie's fault. One of Wilder's best films ... and that's saying a whole lot!
1.0 Quite simply one of the finest comic romances ever made.
1.0 There is a melancholy gulf over the holidays between those who have someplace to go, and those who do not. The Apartment is so affecting partly because of that buried reason.
0.68 This cynical study of office politics and sexual mores by Billy Wilder, despite winning 5 Oscars in 1960, doesn't date well.
1.0 Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity.
0.3 It's impossible to feel sympathy for any of The Apartment's characters.
1.0 A barbed and occasionally brutal comedy with few illusions about personal or corporate ethics.
1.0 Great Olivier performance and direction.
0.8 Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made.
0.8 A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda.
0.8 The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation.
0.8 A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema.
0.8 The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film.
0.5 If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co
1.0 A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage.
1.0 Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date.
0.8 A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art.
1.0 That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others.
1.0 Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance.
1.0 Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently.
1.0 It's easy to forget just how fine Cool Hand Luke is.
1.0 ...a gulag melodrama, if such a thing is possible.
0.75 Anchored by Paul Newman's thoroughly magnetic performance...
0.75 Newman remains watchable and glamorous throughout, bloody, muddy or coated in torso-flattering sweat, but the film's efforts to sentimentally "humanize" him by psychological revelation are clumsy.
0.8 The lines and the character have survived the film's oft-forgotten actual message.
1.0 ...most viewers will have little failure understanding the movie and its motives. They communicate brilliantly.
1.0 One of those movies you remember Great Moments from.
1.0 Too cool for words, then switches past midstream into a work of poignancy and power.
1.0 Preserves a time when one could not only get away with making an allegory with an existential hero, but stock it with an ensemble from the Actors Studio. [Blu-Ray]
0.875 gorgeous looking and terrifically acted
1.0 An amazing accomplishment by Newman as the best fight man has left in him.
1.0 Classic anti-hero story still packs a punch.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke rivals only One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as the best movie ever made about men locked up.
1.0 A tough, honest film with backbone.
1.0 What we got here...is a classic Paul Newman drama.
1.0 A seminal work.
0.875 It's as fresh and effective in 2004 as it was in 1967.
1.0 A masterpiece of justice and the injustice it hides.
1.0 That traditional object of sorrow and compassion in American folk song and lore, the chain-gang prisoner, is given as strong a presentation as ever he has had on the screen.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke is the most engaging allegory of Christ.
1.0 All in all, Cool Hand Luke is a damn fine picture that'll stick with you.
0.8 Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
0.78 Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
0.9 An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
1.0 And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
0.875 Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
0.8 At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
1.0 A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
0.8 An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
0.8 Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
0.8 Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
1.0 Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
0.8 At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
1.0 Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
0.875 It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
0.4 Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
1.0 Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
0.8 More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
0.0 ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
1.0 Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
0.625 I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
0.6 Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
0.5 Creaky, old-hat, and forgettable.
0.4 Erratic effort by master Hitchcock.
0.2 Incredibly dull, dreary film wastes a good cast.
0.8 George Arliss vehicle is pretty stagey, but worth seeing for his title performance.
0.4 good in its day; too stagy and hammy for today's audiences and tastes
0.6 Weighed down by a terribly outdated acting style and leaden direction, but George Arliss's Oscar-winning performance makes it watchable.
0.8 It's as much horseplay as swordplay and, altogether, a witty delight.
0.8 Rightly regarded as one of the peaks of Kaye's career.
0.75 A flawlessly executed, beautifully designed genre parody.
0.8 A cracking jest, wonderfully enjoyable.
1.0 Terrific family fun.
0.6 If Danny Kaye doesn't find you wishing you had a gun on you, this is one of his better efforts.
0.7 The film has a few classic moments.
0.75 ...the film has aged surprisingly well in the years since its 1957 release.
0.84 There is real value is how it allows each member of the cultural mosaic of a jury to develop into distinct, damaged, and interesting characters
1.0 Too few films take on the art of arguing as a subject; we could certainly use more of them, but until then, Lumet's window into strained civic duty will continue to serve mightily.
1.0 The film takes a confined, almost completely banal real-world location and makes it completely dynamic, using incredibly nimble camera movements to establish character motivation and theme.
0.875 This was Sidney Lumet's first movie and it's as riveting as it was back in the late 50s, when everything was changing.
1.0 an incisive and gripping film
1.0 Outstanding Henry Fonda jury classic.
0.8 A brilliant courtroom drama whose strength lies within the power of Rose's words and Sidney Lumet's great direction (his debut).
0.82 taut, well-crafted sociological study
1.0 Every bit the classic it's been made out to be for all these years.
1.0 Power house jury room drama w/cast of memorable actors.
1.0 Sidney Lumet's feature directing debut is a brilliant courtroom drama, with a superlative cast that includes Henry Fonda, Martin Balsam, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, and E.G. Marshall.
1.0 A masterful work of debate and dialogue; of shifting momentum and the ideal of sticking to your scruples in the face of antagonistic groupthink.
0.8 This film is a great combination of an adult theme and the treatment suitable for younger audience.
1.0 Ainda que se passe em um unico ambiente, esta obra-prima possui um alcance emocional imensuravel - e e incrivel que tenha sido o primeiro longa-metragem de Lumet.
1.0 One-room dramas don't get much better than this
0.9 Although it may sound ungallant, these 12 Angry Men, are all right without distaff glamour. Their dramas are powerful and provocative enough to keep a viewer spellbound.
1.0 An intense concentration of power, and my all-time favourite film.
0.8 Sidney Lumet's debut feels a bit stagy but is never short on tension.
1.0 This is a film where tension comes from personality conflict, dialogue and body language, not action.
1.0 Pure dynamite in movie form.
0.8 Cinema heresy that worked.
0.92 While the composition of juries might change over time, the issues and attitudes that are explored here are timeless, as is this classic film.
1.0 In a time of bloated when special effects have become the real stars, going back to a classic like this can remind viewers what movie making is supposed to be about -- acting.
0.9 Completely deserved its high status of undisputed classic.
0.6 It's not that The Man Who Knew Too Much is necessarily boring, but it lacks that riveting suspense Hitchcock became known for later on in his career.
0.75 In the final analysis, the 1934 and 1956 versions are comparable in quality for different reasons, but the greatest single component of either film can be found in this '34 edition: the great performance by Peter Lorre as a menacing criminal mastermind.
0.75 not a particularly great film, although it is filled with isolated moments of greatness and hints of masterpieces to come
0.8 This is a suberbly structured thriller whose excellence is aided and abetted by a spirited cast.
0.8 Directed with a fascinating staccato violence by Alfred Hitchcock, it is the swiftest screen melodrama this column can recall.
0.4 Ainda refinando as tecnicas que passaria a dominar com perfeicao, Hitchcock cria um filme divertido, mas obviamente falho.
1.0 First and best version of the story.
1.0 [The film] never fails to intrigue you with its great characters and storytelling.
0.8 Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting.
1.0 The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels.
0.6 There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film.
0.8 Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood.
1.0 The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining.
0.8 Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity.
0.8 The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce.
0.6 It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff.
0.8 For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch.
1.0 Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished.
1.0 Sick! Sick! Sick!
0.7 While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter.
0.875 the grandious acting makes up for every flaw
1.0 as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come
0.8 A chilling, disturbing movie.
0.8 Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting.
0.8 ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances
0.4 There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two.
0.6 It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun
0.8 A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star.
0.8 It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim.
0.75 I can think of a several samurai films that I prefer to this, but it's still a solid film.
1.0 The greatest movie ever made about warriors and battle.
1.0 The legendary Mifune leads a superb cast, and Kurosawa's kinetic camera keeps the adventure sizzling with energy and wit from start to finish.
1.0 Kurosawa deflates the myth of the noble samurai without actually debunking it, and stages some great action sequences.
1.0 Famous epic with stylish violence and subtitles.
1.0 Synthesizes the traditions of the samurai narrative and the American western to create an intimate epic with deeply felt ground-level consequences. [Blu-ray]
1.0 An enduring classic.
0.625 ...suffers from an absurdly overlong running time that often threatens to negate its more overtly positive attributes...
1.0 Kurosawa's three-hour jidai-geki epic can be counted among the greatest of all battle movies ... a majestic tale of heroism, sacrifice and death.
1.0 The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission.
0.8 Epic, influential adventure about Japanese swordsmen who band together to rescue besieged villagers
1.0 A masterpiece; a timeless classic; one of the greatest movies ever made.
0.6 Impressive and ambitious, but seriously - am I the only person alive who finds it overwrought and patience-testing?
1.0 The Seven Samurai is a brilliant film - the only caveat, in fact, is that the length and the language barrier make it a difficult movie to get through.
1.0 A genuinely entertaining movie with characters we love and characters we love to hate, sensuality and violence, tragic events and laugh out loud moments.
1.0 Seven Samurai is an unforgettable masterpiece -- the work of one of the world's greatest filmmakers at the height of his powers.
0.8 [Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style.
1.0 The touchstone for the entire Samurai genre, as well as the inspiration for several western films . . . it continues to endure because it is an epic, and epics never die
1.0 A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure.
1.0 It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today.
1.0 It's all rollicking good fun, and it's an action film with a lot on its mind.
1.0 A classic of adventure, a story of honor, a tale of a specific time and place that still has universal resonance.
1.0 The archetypal action classic.
1.0 Moves like hot mercury, and it draws a viewer so thoroughly into its world that real life can seem thick and dull when the lights come up.
1.0 On a short list of the greatest films of all time.
1.0 Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai (1954) is not only a great film in its own right, but the source of a genre that would flow through the rest of the century.
0.9 This movie is so successful because of its flawless direction and very balanced combination of powerful human drama and exciting action.
0.875 The action scenes in this movie are virtually unequaled by any other movie in history, even if some of the 'waiting-around' scenes grow tiresome.
1.0 Much imitated, still unsurpassed.
0.94 And it's not just that the story is compelling. It is unforgettable.
0.4 For all its failures in other areas - a bloated, heavy farce, or a character comedy full of generally tedious cartoons - its abysmal shortcomings as a musical are the saddest.
1.0 A magical, old-fashioned musical.
1.0 It is a work of great entertainment, a product of an era when people looked up at a screen and saw movies instead of cinema.
0.5 It doesn't escape the overproduction trap, not by a long shot.
0.8 Splashy Kelly production with a too-young Streisand...but she's stunning.
0.5 More infamous for bringing Fox financially to its knees than for being the last major musical directed by Gene Kelly, Dolly! is one big-assed bull in a china shop.
0.4 Hello, Dolly! is one of those films from the late sixties that helped nail down the coffin lid on musicals.
0.6 Kelly managed to turn out a film that combined the worst elements of canned theater with the sillier excesses of the musical film.
0.8 This is the movie that established Barbra as truly incomparable.
0.2 De tao ruim, torna-se divertido. Com o perdao do trocadilho: onde Milland estava com a cabeca quando aceitou participar desta coisa?
0.875 Along with A Woman Under the Influence, Cassavetes' most popular movie among critics, art-house audiences and Academy members.
0.75 Cassavetes was interested in actors and their freak-show intensities, and their performances give his films a hyper-real quality.
1.0 Though it is sometimes a tedious viewing experience, its improvisational and documentary techniques are rewarding.
0.8 The second half is very good
1.0 Faces is the sort of film that makes you want to grab people by the neck and drag them into the theater and shout: 'Here!'
0.75 John Marley and Lynn Carlin play the conflicted couple with a raw emotional reality that is uncomfortable to watch and impossible to forget.
0.8 The movie is very blunt and relentless, sometimes redundant, at moments nearly unintelligible, but the entire effect is as of a high-strung, very bright documentary about the way things are.
0.79 More than one moviegoer has found Cassavetes' films far too bleak to sit through voluntarily. But others feel quite the opposite, as his insights are important and this film is skilfully made.
0.5 [A] rambling and ultimately uninspired film, intentionally made to look cheap and lacking in much resolution.
0.25 4 stars for bad-movie buffs, 1 star for the rest of humanity.
0.375 This is, without exaggeration, one of the single worst films ever made, which hasn't prevented it from becoming a cult classic.
0.0 Who knew this would be the pinnacle of Pia Zadora's career?
0.6 Adults may find it obvious and as square-cut as cheese. But let's face it. From now till you-know-when, the youngsters are all that matter.
0.5 White Christmas on a red planet, and not as bad as some people insist.
0.2 shot in that hopeless, bad filmmaking style ... with the delayed, artificial rhythm of a trans-Atlantic phone call
0.0 Low expectations met.
0.6 I can't help it I love it!
0.8 Classic Crap
0.2 The plot, such as it is, proves it is possible to insult the intelligence of a three-year-old.
0.5 Susan Hayward in an early, sudsy melodramatic peak.
0.5 The violence is excessive and the plot predictable, although there is some style to director Winner's approach.
0.7 A compulsively watchable bit of '70s nostalgia, a curious counterpart to Dirty Harry and an icon of New York-brand justice.
0.4 It's a despicable movie, one that raises complex questions in order to offer bigoted, frivolous, oversimplified answers.
0.75 The movie has an eerie kind of fascination, even though its message is scary.
0.6 Solid if morally suspect revenge thriller.
0.6 Somewhat enjoyable right-wing revenge flick.
0.8 Chilling revenge pic that retains every bit of its power to disturb.
0.8 First (and easily the best) dark adventure of vigilante Paul Kersey.
0.75 Even those who disagree with its knee-jerk vigilante ideology have a hard time denying its impact because the film digs deep and works on an almost subconscious level.
0.79 Sumptuously photographed and scored, the movie is an excellent capsule of '70s filmmaking -- thrilling, thought provoking and sending us off with a wink at the end.
0.8 A minor classic that surpasses all expectations.
1.0 Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances.
1.0 As welcome as a cooling gelato on a hot summer's day.
1.0 A lovely film.
0.6 Hepburn represents all western cinema, finally allowed out to play on the cobbled streets of postwar Europe.
0.8 Hepburn and Peck revel in their shared duplicity but almost take a backseat to the splendour of the Italian capital, which has rarely been given so much lens-love since.
0.875 The reason Roman Holiday works is because it understands Hepburn's place in the pantheon of Silver Screen icons
0.8 If only more filmmakers would remember that not all fairy-tale romances need to have a pat, happily-ever-after ending.
0.7 It's a beautiful snapshot into the past, both for the historic look of Rome and to witness the birth of the romantic comedy.
0.875 For lovers of romantic comedies through the ages, Roman Holiday remains a favorite.
1.0 Delicious and delectable Audrey's Oscar-winning American debut. But not such a difficult feat with William Wyler backing you up.
1.0 Features one of the greatest endings to come from Hollywood
0.72 The Roman travelogue is pleasant enough, and Audrey Hepburn is positively peerless.
0.8 When you say 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' you're really talking about this film.
0.8 Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naive sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American.
0.875 The film itself is a classic of romantic wish fulfillment, exactly the sort of beautiful lie that Hollywood specialized in.
0.875 The final moments of Roman Holiday are among the most moving and memorable of any romantic comedy I can think of
0.9 A lovely little romance, full of fun and playfulness, stellar performances (Hepburn won an Oscar and Albert was nominated), and all set against the beauty of Rome
0.8 Nice little bittersweet comedy
0.8 A stunning film debut by Audrey Hepburn, charming, gaminlike, a delight.
0.8 The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist.
1.0 Roman Holiday is [Audrey Hepburn's] perfect picture.
0.8 Director William Wyler delivers some of the most stunning black and white visions of Rome ever put on film. Considering how many eye-filling extravaganzas have been set in the eternal city, that's really saying something.
1.0 One of the greatest films of post-WWII Hollywood.
1.0 All About Eve is not only a brilliant and clever portrait of an actress, it is a downright funny film, from its opening scene to the final fadeout.
1.0 Joseph L Mankiewicz's film dissects the narcissism and hypocrisy of the spotlight as sharply as [Billy Wilder's Sunset Blvd], but pays equal attention to the challenges of enacting womanhood.
1.0 A classic movie, whose qualities remind us that there once was a Hollywood where such sophisticated treats could be made.
0.7 All About Eve is deliciously fun to watch with characters playing versions of themselves (most noticeably Bette Davis) and being quite introspective for its day.
1.0 Bette Davis is fabulous in this role.
1.0 Mankiewicz's inside knowledge of show business and its particular personality types gives the film an authenticity and allows for its famously devastating acid wit. [Blu-ray]
1.0 In our celebrity-obsessed culture, it's possible that All About Eve is more important than ever. Scratch that. How about it's more entertaining than ever?
1.0 Classic movie about an ambitious woman.
1.0 Sanders...was ideally cast in this role: you can feel in Addison's every word the world-weariness of the actor who would eventually commit suicide at age 65...
1.0 Put simply, one of the greatest movies ever made.
1.0 Here is a real Christmas treat: a restored version of Joseph L Mankiewicz's jet-black 1950 comedy about Margo Channing, elegant leading lady of the theatre, superbly played by Bette Davis.
0.8 A total joy.
1.0 One of Hollywood's finest backstage dramas. If nothing else Davis should have been rewarded for services to the tobacco industry.
1.0 Apart from the monochrome photography, all that dates the film is the chain-smoking and the fact that these are theatre folk rather than movie stars (frequent in-jokes about the low art of Hollywood pepper the script).
1.0 For old-school Hollywood movie-making at its most polished, literate and sophisticated there is really nothing to match it.
1.0 Intelligent script ... mesmerizing performances
1.0 Amazing performances top the list of positive qualities in Joseph L Mankiewicz' All About Eve.
0.8 Forget Foreman vs. Ali, this is Baxter vs. Davis in one of Hollywood's greatest showdowns.
1.0 Poucos roteiros, em toda a Historia do Cinema, conseguiram reunir tantos dialogos memoraveis.
1.0 Outstanding Mankiewicz film with the perfect cast.
1.0 My all-time favorite film.
1.0 A motion picture that, because of its priceless dialogue and unforgettable lead performance, will never lose its luster.
0.9 With a towering, self-mocking performance by Ms. Davis...the satire remains as entertaining today, and as relevant, as ever before.
0.8 Boffo look at the backstabbing backstage world of Broadway
1.0 One of the best send-ups of the inside back-stabbing and infighting that goes on in Hollywood ever put to film.
1.0 It's about the glory of acting.
0.9 All About Eve is a film that you see completely differently once you know what's going to happen.
0.91 While its attitudes toward women are dated, its wit and perceptiveness are as fresh today as they were in 1950.
1.0 The screenplay... may be the most biting example of hard-boiled wit ever to come out of Hollywood, and it is stylishly performed at a breakneck pace by a uniformly expert cast.
1.0 The film is filled with a nice dark humor that is rare for the I-Like-Ike decade of filmmaking.
0.75 Justly celebrated as the rare Elvis movie in which Presley is not just complemented but also challenged by a song-and-dance co-star of comparable sexual energy and anatomical expressiveness.
0.75 It's not magic, this movie, but it is alchemy of a kind...
0.8 Vegas ad is a nonstop song-and-dance delight.
0.875 Presley's one really good musical, mainly because it features a female costar, Ann-Margret, who can match the coiffed one in the charisma stakes.
0.5 ...a cut above most of Elvis's movies, but, unfortunately, it still comes off as little more than an upscale nightclub revue.
0.875 Directed by George Sidney, it has a carefree spirit as opposed to the carelessness of the other films, and for once Elvis is paired with a worthy co-star.
0.6 Coming on a balmy day, with no pretensions of art, Viva Las Vegas, the new Elvia Presley vehicle, is about as pleasant and unimportant as a banana split. And as fetching to look at, it might be added.
0.8 Hallucinatory but fabulously entertaining.
0.6 One of Presley's best and most popular musicals.
0.8 May be Elvis's raunchiest and most pleasing film, thanks mostly to co-star Ann-Margaret.
0.8 It is ridiculous. It is a little teensy bit sexist. It is a relic of a bygone age. It is as predictable as the sunrise. It is also, of course, rip-roaring fun.
0.8 Ultimately it's hard to say exactly why you'll like it -- but you will.
0.6 Elvis not only rocks the city of lights but also showed he could act.
0.9 For those of us who love Hammer horror, this is an unmarred example of all the reasons why.
0.4 Perhaps the most deadly dull in a series that had run out of steam.
0.875 One of the finest of the seven entries in Hammer's Frankenstein cycle.
0.75 Whirlwind direction, witty quips from screenwriter Nunnally Johnson, and the seasoned Stewart's likability ensure that the laughs keep coming in this fun film.
0.6 Some of the incidents are funny, some are so-so, some are flat. And, of course, in the end, it is concluded that for all this, the family is still strong.
0.6 Moderately enjoyable.
0.4 Jaw-droppingly awful -- mesmerizingly so. Poor Joe Cotten.
0.75 The scene-stealer is Robert Ryan, one of cinema's forgotten great actors. He delivers a superlative performance as the radical with dark reason and fearful purpose, bringing a new, almost heroic dimension to the character.
0.7 The play is an inescapably great experience, and that fact isn't muffled by this film.
1.0 For four hours we live in these two rooms and discover the secrets of these people, and at the end we have gone deeper, seen more, and will remember more, than with most of the other movies of our life.
0.4 Forced gags, and Hope & Crosby creak along in the last Road picture.
0.6 Occasionally bright attempt at recapturing the old 'Road' pictures doesn't quite make it
1.0 Shocking in its day and still a genuinely creepy experience, director James Whale's primitive yet enthralling interpretation of Mary Shelley's classic tale of man playing God is the most influential genre movie ever made.
0.625 ...a watchable yet consistently uneven horror flick that feels long even at 70 minutes...
1.0 Classic monster movie still electrifies.
0.87 Frankenstein is a horror film that turns (miraculously) into an existential tale of man's fear of abandonment
0.9 If it isn't the best American horror film of the 1930s, that's only because the extremely gifted director James Whale wasn't done with the franchise quite yet.
1.0 Beautiful photography, a heartbreaking story, and iconic moments from beginnning to end. Absolutely unmissable.
0.875 A classic.
0.7 Now a classic part of scream culture.
0.8 The high tide of Universal horror. Hail Karloff.
0.8 Charming, spooky, and magical at once.
1.0 An essential classic.
1.0 Here Whale emerges in full flower%u2014the stage director in love with the theatrical and drunk on the possibilities of film.
0.9 Genuine old-school horror movie excellence ... and the sequel is even better!
1.0 Nothing can detract from the power of the most influential monster movie ever made.
0.9 Still a startling film about the borders between genius and madness, science and atrocity.
0.875 As much as the later movies diluted the character of the Frankenstein creature, nothing could blunt the impact made by Karloff in the role of the most memorable movie monster of all time.
1.0 Although the movie trades heavily on gang-film staples, there's also ample comedy packed into the mix.
1.0 Envolvente do inicio ao fim (num desfecho, diga-se de passagem, poderosamente dramatico), o filme traz Cagney em uma de suas atuacoes mais intensas e inspiradas.
0.8 ...most of all, it's Cagney: At the top of his game, the bad guy we have to love. He makes it all happen.
1.0 Angels With Dirty Faces benefits from the Production Code because it forces the gangster film to acknowledge its nihilism.
0.7 Sometimes fierce
1.0 Wonderful morality story; one of Cagney's most memorable
1.0 If you're looking to study the gangster classics, I know a good place you can start.
1.0 Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
0.6 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
1.0 Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
0.8 Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
1.0 A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
0.4 There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
0.75 The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
1.0 The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
1.0 An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
1.0 Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
0.9 Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
0.875 One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
0.6 Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
1.0 A definicao classica do epico.
0.8 Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
0.84 An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
0.8 Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
0.8 It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
0.8 ...fairly defines the word 'epic.'
0.9 Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
1.0 Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
1.0 James Whale's extravagantly produced sequel to his own Frankenstein still ranks as one of horrordom's greatest achievements.
1.0 A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic.
1.0 This was to be [director James Whale's] last horror film. Small wonder; what could he possibly have left to prove?
1.0 A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision.
1.0 Whale's erudite genius brings it all together. He sculpts every nuance of self-parody, social satire, horror, humour, wit and whimsy into a dazzling whole, keeping every one of his fantastical plates spinning until the tragic, inevitable finale.
1.0 one of the greatest movies i've ever seen
1.0 Classic - the pinnacle of Universal horror
0.8 My Big Fat Monster Wedding.
1.0 Absolute classic horror, the best of the 'Frankensteins.'
1.0 Among the best of what Hollywood has to offer.
0.9 A horror mega-classic.
1.0 One of the best horror SEQUELS ever made.
1.0 A perfect mix of comedy and tragedy.
1.0 Whale brings camp humor to this immortal sequel without losing the horror or the pathos which the tale demands.
1.0 Grand, spectacular entertainment: a blend of horror and black comedy carried along by Whale's unique combination of theater and cinematic fireworks.
0.9 THE monster movie.
1.0 The Bride of Frankenstein has an in-your- face audacity that hasn't dimmed all that much after 63 years.
1.0 A classic, much better than the relatively straightforward original.
1.0 One of the oddest and most memorable films ever made in America.
1.0 Seen today, Whale's masterpiece is more surprising than when it was made because today's audiences are more alert to its buried hints of homosexuality, necrophilia and sacrilege. But you don't have to deconstruct it to enjoy it.
0.8 Solid WWII drama with two can't-miss stars.
0.8 Watch Run Silent, Run Deep. Then watch K:19. Then complain that "They don't make 'em like they used to."
0.4 Time-travel pirate adventure with boy hero, guns, swords.
0.8 Charming film of a type completely absent these days.
0.3 The Promise is an over-wrought and laughably goofy film, an empty and pale imitation of the far better films that have gone on before it.
0.7 Faustian bargain with a goddess. Huge armies march. Men out-race the wind. Assassins make devious plots. Spectacular scenes generated largely in computers.
0.25 A queer camp classic.
0.75 A fairy tale for adults that allows the viewer to inhabit an entirely different world, and in doing so, becomes an exercise of the imagination.
0.5 Beautiful but slight.
0.4 An epic fantasy that tries to outdo Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon but doesn't touch us emotionally.
0.375 Chen Kaige may seriously think he's creating film art in his empty Promise, but he's best at slinging bull, lots of them.
0.75 if you can plant your tongue in your cheek and accept the exuberant goofiness of the special effects, "The Promise" actually turns out to be a decently entertaining slash-and-kick flick.
0.5 Just about everything is choppy.
0.4 This isn't nearly as good as it claims to be.
0.625 The finale [is] literally a deus ex machina, which will thrill classic-lit majors but leave everyone else feel cheated.
0.5 Flimsy, fake-looking weaponry, bad wigs, grandiose scoring, overacting, simplistic dialogue, illogically elaborate staging, and a plot that goes out of its way to be predictable...
0.625 Chen's tale of mythic chivalry is filled with beautifully designed sets, lovingly detailed costumes and elaborate martial-arts sequences. Unfortunately, it also sports amateurish digital effects that often mar the beauty of this world.
0.625 With The Promise Chen Kaige has proven enough of a professional that he can make the product. But he remains too much of an artist not to scribble on his signature.
0.5 Chen's strength seems to be more with character-driven stories; here's hoping that his next film returns to more comfortable ground.
0.25 Laden with a plot that could generously be called silly or, less forgivingly, stupid, it never achieves lift-off despite numerous scenes of warriors doing battle in midair.
0.5 Everyone is a maximal design statement plugged into volatile action and pretty scenery, but it might be the deluxe origami folding of a silk diaper, its myth-telling so primal as to seem childish.
0.7 It's another intriguing entry in the sometimes wacky, often wonderful world of kung-fu fantasy.
0.5 It's a colorful, kaleidoscopic film, but it's also far too obvious that the actors are standing in front of green screens.
0.5 Gorgeous costumes, elaborate fights and the illusion of swooning romance don't amount to very much if you don't care about any of the characters for a single second.
0.75 Simply in terms of its visual poetry, the exhilarating effects of image upon image of dazzling impossibility, The Promise is not to be missed.
0.75 [The film elicits] the wide-eyed joy of seeing hundreds of soldiers ride through sets of colossal extravagance. And the sweet release of, briefly, suspending all holds on reality or even logic -- and surrendering to the joys of a fairy tale.
0.125 The Promise employs laughable computer effects and second-rate martial-arts fighting to tell the hard-to-figure story of a princess and her three lovers.
0.625 There's a studied artificiality and painterliness about the backgrounds that works nicely with a story that's about as far from realism as you can get. For many that will be enough. For the rest of us, The Promise slowly slides into an exercise.
0.625 Overwrought and hokey.
0.6 Fish gotta fly, birds gotta swim, and arthouse directors gotta try their hands at mega-budget action films.
0.625 As is evident by the film's strong start and faltering finale, the trouble with any promise is failing to keep it.
0.75 In the midst of such unrelenting splendour, it's easy to nod gratefully -- and then to nod off.
0.5 Much of The Promise resembles a Cirque du Soleil extravaganza, which makes it tough to take seriously.
0.5 Perhaps the least-satisfying of the many martial-arts/costume dramas that have followed in the wake of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
0.625 It's impossible not to be bowled over by the magnificent costumes, the atmospheric otherworldly sets and the lush cinematography. The tragic, nearly operatic love isn't nearly as impressive.
0.625 Oddly, The Promise -- which takes place hundreds, even thousands, of years ago, when art directors ruled the earth -- is flagrantly otherworldly but in a way that somehow weighs the picture down.
0.5 [Chen Kaige] reaches for big ideas about destiny and free will, but those remain philosophical abstractions. (And by the end, the film contradicts itself.)
0.4 One can only hope that Chen takes this as a learning experience and returns to the kind of artistry with which he first forged his very deserved reputation.
0.5 It suggests that talented Chinese directors are being led astray by the seductions of CGI and wirework fantasies.
0.375 A mess of a movie.
0.625 In this era of obsessive and globally connected cult cinema fans, it's foolish to give the movie's core target audience an excuse to skip the theatrical experience for the more 'authentic' home edition available uncut on import DVD.
0.0 It is such a catastrophic failure that it is amazing to consider it was ever allowed out of China and into the global cinemas.
0.625 It's not exactly high art, nor is it zippy fun, but it definitely has something, a lack of pretentiousness perhaps?
0.4 barely delivers the goods necessary for the genre
0.6 Fans of newer Asian martial-arts movies will be satisfied with The Promise, especially because it contains the aerial wirework and swordplay expected of such movies. But the film is not as accomplished as the work of Ang Lee or Yimou Zhang.
0.5 The Promise is far too convoluted, jarringly shifting from fantasy to comedy to tragic romance to war epic without warning, never settling in one place.
0.6 A lavish spectacle somewhere between grand opera and cartoon about a love triangle involving a general, a slave and a cursed princess.
0.375 The producers should have allocated part of their huge budget for a couple of script polishes.
0.375 A princess with a curse, a case of mistaken identity and some of the worst special effects in a film by a world-class director.
0.5 The over-the-top acting is forgivable, but the plot's incoherence is not.
0.375 Chen Kaige's fall from cinematic grace is writ large across his latest epic film, the failed martial-arts romantic drama The Promise.
0.25 The Promise has gorgeous visuals (in these movies, the cherry trees are always in bloom). But it's marred by stuttery storytelling and cruddy special effects.
0.5 A messy fairy tale that speaks to tainted ambition and destiny.
0.625 That Chen is able to somewhat collect himself and the film toward the end just highlights how potentially great the film could have been.
0.9 It's a knockout that works on many levels.
1.0 Seldom has a director encountered so many frustrations and obstacles, and turned those obstructions into inspirations, integrating them into his vision.
1.0 A Shakespeare movie that lives and breathes like few others.
0.8 Welles genius behind the camera brings one of the Bard's darkest plays to life.
1.0 Othello has been filmed numerous times, but never with such extraordinary visual grace and power.
0.875 The text of the original play has been slashed to its bare bones, with bravura cinematography and editing also helping make this a taut, visceral experience.
0.5 There are flashes of brilliant suggestion in this tumbled, slurred, and helter-skelter film. But they add up to nothing substantial -- just a little Shakespeare and a lot of Welles.
0.8 Noir drama without the usual suspects...dark, macabre and delightfully done.
1.0 Welles gives the Shakespeare classic a visceral punch that's often missing from theatrical adaptations.
0.75 Any film student who hasn't seen this film has not completed his education. And for the rest of us, this Othello is a fascinating film with moments of great power.
0.75 From its opening shots, where the camera looks down on a solemn funeral procession, Othello exhibits Welles' flair for dramatic compositions.
0.875 Garbo is stunning.
0.6 Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm.
0.7 A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917.
0.8 Altogether this Enterprise picture rolls up a round-by-round triumph on points until it comes through with a climactic knockout that hits the all-time high in throat-catching fight films.
0.9 The fight film to which all others are compared.
1.0 A Hard Day's Night is a chance to experience to the joyous, early days of pop - while at the same time noting how the pressures of re-energising national life were beginning to close in on the enchanting innocence of youth.
0.7 The Beatles might break into song at any moment or they might run around a park goofing around while their songs are playing, but these moments truly work and they clearly helped to lay the groundwork for MTV Videos and musicals to come.
1.0 an art film and an exploitation film, a comedy and a musical, a celebration of the Beatles and a satire of their fame and fortune
1.0 Critic Andrew Sarris wasn't just playing the fanboy when he described this movie as 'The Citizen Kane of jukebox musicals.' He just might have been selling it short.
1.0 The movie never feels like a nostalgia trip. It moves, breathes and sings with life.
0.8 As invigorating and funny now as it was on its original release half a century ago, A Hard Day's Night offers both a perfect showcase for the Beatles and an intriguing snapshot of fast-changing, early-1960s British society.
0.8 It's pure joy as I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her and Tell Me Why pour out over footage of thousands of screaming, weeping schoolgirls with bouffant hair and miniskirts pursuing John, Paul, George and Ringo.
1.0 Pure, delirious, irresistible joy.
0.8 Part musical bonanza, part laugh-out-loud farce, part satirical social document.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon.
1.0 At a time when Elvis and Cliff were still making old-style musicals, this forerunner of the modern music video smashed the mould.
1.0 An anarchic, ground-breaking breath of fresh air that weaves a fictional romp around a chaotic day in the life of the Fab Four as they try to make it to their big show.
0.8 A Hard Day's Night looks chaotic and slapdash enough (and just occasionally, for me, depressing enough) to count as an experimentalist or underground movie.
0.8 The simple joys of mucking about are captured in this madcap concert tour farce with the Beatles.
0.8 Richard Lester was the man born to direct this kinetic, kaleidoscopic comedy-with-songs, starring a quartet still fresh from the first gusts of chart-topping fame.
1.0 Comes bouncing at you from every angle, rubbery and untameable with the joys of teenagehood.
1.0 Rejected the status quo with an irreverent, quick-cutting documentary style that could fairly be described as mod, rocking and mocking.
0.8 Of its time, sure, but eternally entertaining.
1.0 Make a date to catch this on the big screen and be rewarded with pure magic.
1.0 Even when the band plays away from private eyes or songs simply play over disconnected footage of them having fun, the strength of their songcraft is stirring.
1.0 Beatles classic as fabulous as the Fab Four.
1.0 The best British film of the 1960s.
1.0 Director Richard Lester and writer Alun Owen (who has never gotten the credit he deserves) treat us to a fanciful day in the life of the Beatles, filmed in 1964 at (they thought) the peak of the Fab Four's popularity.
1.0 See it for no other reason than the fact that it's all too rare you can spend 87 minutes smiling and feeling positive about life.
1.0 That Lester and the Beatles got away with the irreverent and superb Hard Day's Night is, by today's standards, a miracle.
1.0 The cinema has had many landmarks, but few have been as entertaining.
0.8 It's a fine conglomeration of madcap clowning in the old Marx Brothers' style, and it is done with such a dazzling use of camera that it tickles the intellect and electrifies the nerves.
1.0 Everything about this movie is a smile.
0.92 The result still seems fresh and different decades later.
0.875 Captures the Beatles when they still looked like they were having fun, back before drugs and psychedelia and Yoko Ono took effect.
0.75 A breezy slice of silliness that pretty much has the Beatles playing themselves.
1.0 A love letter to innocence and euphoria and the sheer lifting joy of great pop music.
0.8 It's hard to estimate the effect the film had on the future of movies, television, and society in general.
0.9 The deadpan humor and non-sequiturs are delivered with such dry perfection you often find yourself rewinding to see if you really heard what you think you did. (And you did.)
1.0 A time capsule preserving the Fab Four's charisma, joy, and youthful exuberance.
0.7 Beatles fans will get a kick out of this, but those who don't worship at the Beatle shrine may be a bit flustered by its complete lack of a plot and incomprehensible accents.
1.0 One of the most influential films of the past 40 years gets the spit and polish for a reissue -- and it still hasn't aged at all.
0.8 Richard Lester's innovative film, the Beatles' debut feature, is a timewarp memento of that brief 1963-4 phase in their history known as Beatlemania.
1.0 Great band, great music, great film. Not only that, it remains a fascinating portrait of Britain on the cusp of change.
1.0 This delightful cinematic masterpiece answers the question "Do we still love them?" with a resounding "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!"
0.8 A Hard Day's Night remains a highly lovable movie.
1.0 Younger fans can see what Beatlemania was really all about.
0.9 Don't even try to keep a smile off of your face and a song out of your heart while watching the film. It's just not possible.
1.0 One of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies.
1.0 The documentary style of this movie masks its tight construction, clever script, and sublime anarchy second only to the Marx brothers.
0.9 Captured forever here in a filmic bottle is pop-culture lightning, not only Beatles magic and energy but the spirit of the early 60s that sustained it.
1.0 The rock and roll movie against which all others are measured.
0.9 Director Richard Lester's pop masterpiece is back and better than ever.
0.4 If the story had stuck to its guns as a political thriller, it would have been fantastic. However, the sideline story of a codependent lover made things screech to a halt.
0.86 Makes you wish the makers - and especially the funders - of today's overblown big budget thrillers could be made to learn from some of the finer thrillers of the 1970s.
0.7 for complete nonsense, it's really quite entertaining
0.875 Pollack excels by establishing an interesting situation, sustaining it, and--in keeping with the paranoid-thriller genre--resolving it on a pleasingly ambiguous note. [Blu-ray]
0.7 The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns.
0.75 ...an efficient exercise in Watergate-era paranoia.
0.875 This taut espionage thriller gained greater plausibility during its shooting when a sudden raft of sensational post-Watergate news items began coming out of Washington regarding illegal wiretaps, surveillance, and killings motivated by [politics].
0.6 Stylish and absorbing espionage thriller
0.8 Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable.
0.875 Three Days of the Condor is a well-made thriller, tense and involving, and the scary thing, in these months after Watergate, is that it's all too believable.
0.8 Excellent paranoid thriller with an unforgettable opening
0.8 At its best moments, Three Days of the Condor creates without effort or editorializing that sense of isolation -- that far remove from reality -- within which super-government agencies can operate with such heedless immunity.
1.0 Redford, Dunaway, Von Sydow, Cliff Robertson and John Houseman turn in superb work, and the film is as pure a thriller as one could hope for, with a gripping premise, hurtling plot and a marvelous air of menace.
0.8 First-rate spy flick made by and with experts
0.6 Fine espionage thriller that features great performances by Redford and Dunaway. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.
0.625 fascinating cultural artifact in its reflection of post-Nixonian government paranoia, but it doesn't make the most of its potential
0.6 Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller.
0.875 Bergman's classic sparkles with wit and innuendo in a way that most modern romantic comedies can't even come close to.
1.0 Though Bergman's staging of the affair occasionally suggests a proscenium is just beyond the frame, the ensemble brings joyful veracity to the romantic complications and well-drawn characters.
0.7 Lusty comedy of manners plays like a lighter Rules of the Game.
0.8 Who would have thought that august Sweden would be sending us a film comedy as witty and cheerfully candid about the complexities of love as any recent French essay on l'amour?
1.0 As a maker of romantic comedies, Bergman proves himself the equal of Ernst Lubitsch in his heyday at Paramount in the early 1930s.
0.6 Bergman was a master to have crafted all of this material together so that it was entertaining.
0.3 A clumsy, anachronistic Western which casts Candice Bergen as a shrill female lead who's a lot more 1970 than 1864. Unconvincing.
0.4 Bloody, overrated film that fails to stand the test of time
0.6 1970's message movie is one of first pro Native American.
1.0 "Nobody's perfect" is the last line. Wilder, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe come pretty close.
1.0 Fifty-five years old and still a comedy masterpiece.
0.4 Everyone has a canonical classic which they just don't get. This one is mine.
1.0 Brilliant performances, wondrous comic timing and the greatest pay-off line ever written: this one's still red hot.
1.0 Here is one of those movies that persists beyond the implications of a mere time frame, resonating with audiences like a very fine wine.
1.0 Re-viewing Some Like It Hot is invariably a rewarding experience, not because it is a great comedy but because it is a great movie.
1.0 The preeminent comedy of anima...effervescent and breezily paced, from the car-chase opening to the big finish capped with one of the all-time-great punchlines. [Blu-ray]
1.0 One of the wildest romantic farces ever.
1.0 The film's final line is legendary, though I have a soft spot for Jerry's description of a sashaying Sugar: "Look at that! Look how she moves! That's just like Jell-O on springs!"
1.0 The Great American Comedy (if you discount the Marx Brothers).
1.0 This is a flawlessly scripted, superbly performed and endlessly witty comedy that deserves its place among the all-time greats.
0.9 It is, like Ms. Monroe, a beautiful thing.
1.0 The laughs never get old.
1.0 Wilder gave his audience credit for being as smart as he was, and, boy, they don't make 'em like that anymore, but they oughtta.
1.0 Nobody's Perfect, says Joe E. Brown after proposing to Jack Lemmon, but Billy Wilder came close with his racy, witty, much ahead of its time comedy about cross-dressing, impotence, and gender bender, with Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn Monroe in top form.
1.0 Only top ranked episodes of the Jerry Springer show provide more laughs and surprises from two con men made up to look like women.
1.0 Arguably the best American comedy.
1.0 A dazzling screwball that holds up decades later.
0.8 Very funny Billy Wilder film, but not as good as its legend.
0.75 ...more likely to elicit smiles and chuckles rather than full-fledged belly laughs.
1.0 This is one of the wildest farces ever filmed, but it has a lot of heart as well.
1.0 Manages to be a complete winner on every level.
0.625 Always manage[s] to spoil the fun with elaboration.
1.0 I wish I could watch it again for the first time.
1.0 One of the greatest comedies ever.
1.0 Wilder's wise-cracking, gender-bending farce is a perfectly pitched comedy of romance and masquerade
0.8 Some of the wittiest one-liners on film.
1.0 The American Film Institute voted it the number-one funniest movie of all time...an effervescent laugh riot with few equals.
0.9 You'll have a hard time finding a faster paced comedy, nor one that delivers it all so flawlessly.
0.8 Some Like It Hot does cool off considerably now and again, but Mr. Wilder and his carefree clowns keep it crackling and funny most of the time.
1.0 Wilder's 1959 comedy is one of the enduring treasures of the movies, a film of inspiration and meticulous craft.
1.0 Expands a one-joke premise with hysterical results, due in no small part to the contributions of the near-perfect ensemble, with each of the major characters shining like a perfect jewel.
0.75 One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not.
1.0 Essential Sternberg.
0.5 There are only two reasons why anyone should see this comedy and those reasons belong to Jayne Mansfield.
0.8 Yeah Babeee.
0.7 Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts.
0.2 This preachy bio pic is a hokey take on the birdman with Lancaster being misused on every occasion.
0.8 Absorbing biopic.
0.8 Lancaster is wonderful; a tribute to the human spirit.
0.81 Lancaster's brilliant performance anchors Frankenheimer's fine film, a liberal-minded, optimistic celebration of the power of redemption.
0.875 In film after film, Karloff functioned as a wanderer in the shadow land between life and death. If the movies he inhabited sometimes were considered juvenile, the subject matter that motivated them couldn't have been more adult, more profound.
0.875 As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
1.0 Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
1.0 Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
1.0 Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
1.0 Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
0.8 It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
1.0 Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
1.0 Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
1.0 Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
0.625 Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
0.4 I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
0.8 ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
1.0 All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
0.8 Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
1.0 The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
1.0 Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
1.0 They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
0.8 It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
0.8 Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
0.9 The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
1.0 Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
0.8 Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
0.4 Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
1.0 Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
1.0 Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
0.8 Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
1.0 Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
0.8 To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
1.0 A classic that deserves its iconic status, The Graduate is the cinematic equivalent of the Simon and Garfunkel songs that make up the soundtrack -- gently subversive, wistful, not explicitly political but still very much part of the countercultural '60s.
0.75 It is a good topical movie whose time has passed, leaving it stranded in an earlier age. I give it three stars out of delight for the material it contains; to watch it today is like opening a time capsule.
0.92 It's smart, witty, and troubling all at the same time.
1.0 Few movies have communicated with such dark hilarity all the anxiety and flamboyant misery of youthful sexual initiation
0.6 ...an opulent-looking production, edited to accent the two main characters.
0.5 In this very short film ... so much comic relief feels like desperate attempts to pad an already skimpy story.
0.6 Penultimate Rathbone Holmes has its moments.
1.0 Howard Hawks's classic took the screwball cycle started by It Happened One Night to its dizzying, dazzling peak.
1.0 How sublime can movies get?
1.0 A perfect example of why directors (and even us brilliant professional critics) can often be completely in the dark about what works.
1.0 Classic screwball comedy stars Hepburn, Grant.
0.57 Grant plays the timid Dr. David Huxley with the proper restraint and tics.
0.8 Grant e Hepburn estabelecem uma otima dinamica e revelam um impecavel timing comico, mas nem mesmo o ritmo invejavel da narrativa consegue ocultar o fato de que algumas de suas principais gags envelheceram mal.
1.0 One of those movies that seems to improve upon repeat viewings.
0.75 If Hawks had a real gift it was the ability of moving things along.
0.4 There are many who make the argument that Bringing Up Baby is a forgotten treasure ... Don't believe a word of it.
0.9 Its purpose is only to delight, and it succeeds.
1.0 A textbook screwball comedy with lovably frantic chemistry between its Golden Age stars.
0.6 classic screwball comedy
1.0 The gold standard of screwball comedy.
0.8 One of the great screwball comedies of all time; wonderful patter; delightful performances by Hepburn and Grant. A true timeless winner.
1.0 Splendid screwball farce: You can't help but love this teaming
0.875 Much like "Singin' In The Rain," "Bringing Up Baby" maintains a level of energy that is almost impossible to achieve. The story, the dialogue and the acting move so fast that one cannot help but get caught up in this 90-minute joke
1.0 The classic screwball, with the classic leads. Freddie Prinze Jr. has a lot to learn.
0.6 Overrated classic comedy with good cast.
1.0 There were several great Screwball Comedies; this is (arguably) the best one.
1.0 The magic of Bringing Up Baby can hardly be confined to the period in which it was made.
1.0 Comedian Harold Lloyd called this the most perfectly constructed comedy he'd ever seen, and he was right.
1.0 A delightful piece of utter absurdity and one of director Hawks' most inspired lampoons of the battle between the sexes.
0.72 Most powerful for its subtle and shaded characterizations of both victim and victimizer.
1.0 Abordando o complexo tema com honestidade, inteligencia e humanidade, esta obra-prima repleta de atuacoes inesqueciveis e um atestado da capacidade do Cinema em servir nao so como retrato de nossa Historia, mas como profunda reflexao sobre a mesma.
1.0 Absorbing from beginning to end.
0.75 An eloquent snapshot of the way that the ground was shifting--in both the Nuremberg of 1948 and the Tinsel Town of 1961.
0.8 In the grand tradition of courtroom dramas, Nuremberg has the distinction of being probably the most "important" of them all - even if it's not the most blatantly entertaining
0.6 Enough magnificence! Is this the third or fourth sequel?
0.6 It's a role that Crawford was born to play, but ultimately the film is too campy to be memorable.
0.75 Possessed does have a few very good insights into the self-abasing aggressiveness of unrequited love.
1.0 While the script and the performances are simply dazzling, it is notable, too, for the screen debuts of Timothy Dalton and a combustible Anthony Hopkins.
1.0 O'Toole holds his own with the magnificent Hepburn in a witty, literate, and inventive script.
0.8 It's stagey and mannered, but it still feels sleek and modern.
1.0 Peter O'TOole and Katharine Hepburn are superb as the bickering, yet loving Henry II and his meddling wife Eleanor of Aquitaine.
1.0 One of the joys which movies provide too rarely is the opportunity to see a literate script handled intelligently. The Lion in Winter triumphs at that difficult task...
0.8 You'll either love or reject the idea of history as sitcom; either way, the lead performances are hard to deny.
0.4 Boring and overrated. Good acting.
0.8 Theatrical and talky, but it's good talk by great performers.
0.8 The cast is truly in top form. Hepburn and O'Toole play off of each other beautifully.
0.8 Less historical spectacle than vicious farce, this boasts a great cast spitting venomous dialogue and a young Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as gay lovers destined to rule England and France.
0.8 An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career.
0.8 The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth. Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal.
0.8 Milland's sinister sophistication catches the eye, but Kelly's subtly shaded suffering is superb.
0.6 Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice, a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife. Still, Grace Kelly is mis-cast (or misdirected) as the spouse in question.
0.8 The depth of focus, framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable "perfect crime" nail-biter.
0.8 The set-up is ingenious and the "kill" scene genuinely thrilling.
0.8 Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose.
0.6 Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique.
0.6 Despite Hitchcock's own reservations this is definitely worth a look. Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns.
0.8 A tightly wound psychological parlour game, expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots.
0.875 Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock, yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it.
0.6 Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock's razor-sharp direction.
0.75 ...a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock...
0.75 In Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder, even the innocent have poker faces.
0.875 Lower case Hitch, but diverting and sleek.
0.7 While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life.
1.0 Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical, psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits. But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic
0.6 Not first-class Hitchcock, but not bad, either
0.625 This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock's standards.
0.625 A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller.
0.875 A rare and exciting experience.
0.8 [Hitchcock] tried once before, in Rope, to build up a whole continuous drama in one set. He wasn't as successful in that venture. Dial M has all the space it needs.
0.8 Mazursky was lucky to get four such excellent performers working on his project, for the movie lives and dies based on their ability to quietly suggest the inner workings of a human mind.
1.0 The genius of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice is that it understands the peculiar nature of the moral crisis for Americans in this age group, and understands that the way to consider it is in a comedy.
0.4 Oh so hip then.Oh so dull now.
0.8 Rip-snortin', old-fashioned Western, with understated McCrea and hammy Stanwyck a great team.
0.8 Doesn't have the narrative strength of the first in the trilogy but individual scenes are still brilliant and each ingredient in just perfect, cast, score, tone...
0.9 Most fans pick The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly as the stand-out, but I really like this one best.
0.8 A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release.
0.6 More violence and Clint-itude in Italian Western.
0.84 He indulges in a certain sexually-charged imagery lifted straight from film noir
1.0 By introducing the character of Mortimer, Leone is able to counterpoint Eastwood's cold, amoral gunslinger with a man who has a past and a purpose.
0.8 Another must-see Italian speghetti western.
0.8 Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments.
0.4 The fact that this film is constructed to endorse the exercise of murderers, to emphasize killer bravado and generate glee in frantic manifestations of death is, to my mind, a sharp indictment of it as so-called entertainment in this day.
0.6 The weak link in the "Dollars" trilogy, but still a good ride.
0.4 Clint Eastwood, just as the spagetti western schtick was beginning to get old.
0.75 Here is a gloriously greasy, sweaty, hairy, bloody and violent Western. It is delicious.
0.75 Though it's about a half-hour too long, For a Few Dollars More is overall a much more exciting and involving film [than the original].
0.6 Not as good as the third sequel but still very entertaining.
0.8 A delicious second helping of Clint & Sergio!
0.9 One excellent western.
1.0 Underrated.
1.0 90 minutes of iconic imagery, some deep questions and a surprising amount of humor. This is Art with a capital A, but that doesn't mean it's not entertaining at the same time, which only makes its artistry even greater.
0.8 Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids.
1.0 The Seventh Seal is a film not about the end of time, but the silence between man and God.
0.9 Bergman's film about the actual figure of Death is one of his funniest and, ultimately, most hopeful works.
1.0 As a youth, perhaps no other film opened my eyes to the wonderful possibilities of cinema as much as The Seventh Seal.
0.5 Swedish cinema titan Ingmar Bergman's mopey/earthy 1957 breakthrough The Seventh Seal may have done more than any other film to popularize and demonize the notion of world cinema as the boutique of the cultural intelligentsia.
1.0 Perhaps no one film speaks more fully to the human condition than The Seventh Seal. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening.
1.0 still spiritually resonates today
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece no film fan should miss.
1.0 Bergman's superbly shot wintry images, much like those of a silent film, print themselves indelibly on the mind, while the Knight's search for a God who never answers foreshadows the pessimism of the director's later work.
1.0 Guaranteed to thunder on the big screen.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's dark masterpiece effortlessly sees off the revisionists and the satirists; it is a radical work of art that reaches back to scripture, to Cervantes and to Shakespeare to create a new dramatic idiom of its own.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's black and white masterpiece The Seventh Seal has matured like a great wine over 50 years.
1.0 Full of haunting, iconic images and a touch of hopeful humanity, The Seventh Seal is cinema at its most artful, a philosophical meditation on the meaning(lessness) of this mortal coil.
0.6 Fear, peril and hoplessness soak every frame.
1.0 A grand, thought-provoking and highly enjoyable piece of cinematic history.
1.0 Dark but beautiful.
0.833333333333 Not only highly impressive but thought-provoking, relevant and intensely moving in our present, nervous, times.
0.625 It manages some powerful images, but it feels a bit too calculated to really get under the skin.
1.0 Haunting and beautiful.
1.0 Essentially intellectual, yet emotionally stimulating, too, it is as tough -- and rewarding -- a screen challenge as the moviegoer has had to face this year.
1.0 Almost hypnotic in its power, it's a film that washes away all the parodying it has received over the years, emerging as fresh and startling today as it did nearly 50 years ago.
1.0 Great existentialism and morbid humor. Fantastic performances.
1.0 Easily, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 This is an uncompromising film, regarding good and evil with the same simplicity and faith as its hero.
1.0 So gripping as to be entertaining in an enlightening way.
1.0 Masterpiece about absolute truth. Best for teens.
1.0 "Rashomon" may be a prosecutor's nightmare, but it's a film lover's dream.
1.0 The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable.
1.0 Unmissable.
0.875 What Akira Kurosawa and his tiny production team wrought is now an accepted maxim of modern life, a creed by which to live in a world where everyone has a blog and an opinion.
1.0 Film buffs should love it. But so should anyone who appreciates a good yarn or two (or three or four).
0.89 a game-shifter that challenges all we think we know about truth
1.0 Astonishing.
0.875 ...reveals Kurosawa's own influence, especially on the filmmakers behind the recent rash of Japanese horror.
0.8 Kurosawa is always worth a look but this is a particular classic that has influenced so much to come, it's almost essential.
1.0 It does nothing less than demolishing everything its characters -- and some of its audience -- believed in.
1.0 I suspect that most people who come to Japanese cinema first enter it through Kurosawa.
1.0 A classic head-game of perception versus reality.
1.0 An ultimate classic that changed how films were told forever. By telling the story from each character's point of view, "Rashamon" explored how narrative can be biased, and how one person's story is never the whole tale. I highly recommend this film.
1.0 Copiado a exaustao por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon e inigualavel - nao apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela analise sobre a natureza humana.
1.0 Much of the power of the picture -- and it unquestionably has hypnotic power -- derives from the brilliance with which the camera of director Akira Kurosawa has been used.
1.0 Rashomon is a great piece of entertainment that engages your brain and your emotions
1.0 Rashomon (1950) struck the world of film like a thunderbolt.
1.0 The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening.
1.0 There is so much content in its 88-minute running time that even careful viewers feel their heads spinning when they first see it.
1.0 despite the many imitators, no one has quite duplicated the power and gnawing unease of this challenging film
1.0 A biting commentary on deceit, gender roles, and due process (not to mention Japanese culture).
0.8 Great.
1.0 Kurosawa's most brilliant move in Rashomon is never to reveal what really happened. We are left to make our own deductions.
1.0 A monument to Akira Kurosawa's greatness, combining his well-known humanism with an experimental narrative style that has become a hallmark of film history.
1.0 The film is not only a landmark for being one of the most philosophical and brilliant films of all time, but is also one of the most entertaining.
1.0 What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story.
0.8 A terrifically gripping WWII drama that manages to balance introspection with bursts of battlefield action.
0.6 If the story were as compelling as it should be, we would have wept over the injustice of it all and unfortunately, that didn't happen.
0.625 ...an appealing premise that's employed to watchable (if entirely uneven) effect by filmmaker Stanley Kramer...
0.6 ...rather tame and superficial by today's standards: a gentle, sentimental comedy on the subject of interracial marriage.
0.8 Civil rights, love, and family stress.
0.625 Tracy looks tired in this draggy production; he died soon afterward, and it's infuriating to watch him sweat to inject fire into such pap.
0.8 A most delightfully acted and gracefully entertaining film.
1.0 It would be easy to tear the plot to shreds and catch Kramer in the act of copping out. But why? On its own terms, this film is a joy to see, an evening of superb entertainment.
0.6 An earnest liberal outing that today seems passive, tame and condescending, but still watchable because of the performances of Tracy, Hepburn and Poitier.
0.8 Well-meaning and generally effective.
0.7 As an opus on race relations, Dinner certainly seems a bit daring, but it's just not standing the test of time terribly well.
0.9 a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres
1.0 One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon.
0.8 It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf.
0.6 A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
0.75 The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.
0.6 Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope.
0.625 Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable.
0.9 A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things.
0.0 I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
0.6 Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions.
0.875 Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind.
0.81 Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget.
1.0 Oh, the horror!
0.75 a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen
0.7 ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic.
0.8 For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer.
0.9 Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
0.5 If you mess with perfection, you end up with the beast.
0.66 Conventions of the time did not allow director Victor Fleming to examine the powerful sexual undertones of Stevenson's tale, robbing the film of much of its potential insight
0.75 MGM gave the familiar story the big-budget, big-star treatment, but in the process drained it of all of its biting social and psychological implications.
1.0 Quite eerie classic thriller with Tracy surprisingly good in title role(s).
0.7 Less an outright horror film than its predecessor and more a straightforward psychological study. Most of the earlier sex is replaced by a stubborn, straightlaced morality.
0.4 Botched remake of the 1931 classic.
0.4 A little Freudian theory is a dangerous thing. It can make a piece of errant hokum dizzy with significance.
0.4 Spencer Tracy is miscast and overrated in one of the weakest adaptations of the story to date.
0.8 A bit starched and yappy, but still packs a punch.
1.0 ...it renders the uttermost strengths of the silent film era, in which the audience was dependent on what went into the picture instead of what came out of the speaker.
0.5 There is in this edition of the picture an effort to cover too many historical incidents and the consequence is that quite a number of the passages are confused.
1.0 Napoleon is the last great silent epic. We will not see its like again.
1.0 Gance's use of subjective camera was almost recklessly ambitious in its bid to give the spectator the most visceral viewing sensation, while his skill in blending and multiplying images was unprecedented.
1.0 The experience it provides - at times, akin to taking a drug - is unlike anything I've ever experienced in a movie theater.
1.0 Fascinating, experimental, ahead of its time
1.0 Abel Gance's visionary silent epic Napoleon is a dazzling display of cinematic virtuosity.
1.0 Vintage zany musical is Eddie Cantor showcase.
1.0 Possibly Cantor's best film. Certainly his most creatively directed and raciest.
0.8 Definitely worth a look for fans of the involved directors, though such fans probably already own it.
0.8 Intriguing and mostly successful.
0.75 If the other two stories had also been done by Fellini, the whole offering might have been much better.
0.6 [Toby Dammit] is marvelous: a short movie but a major one. The Vadim is as overdecorated and shrill as a drag ball, but still quite fun, and the Malle, based on one of Poe's best stories, is simply tedious.
0.6 Horrific? Not really. But interesting to watch.
0.6 See it for Fellini's hilarious "Toby Dammit" sequence. (Elsewhere Jane and Peter Fonda play lovers...)
0.6 The Fellini part is brilliant. The rest is not.
0.67 While Spirits of the Dead doesn't do much justice to Poe's source material, fans of bizarre French cinema should have a pretty good time.
0.875 As far as psychological horror goes, the films work well, and that they realize Poe's stories were mainly internalized distortions of the world works to their advantage, even as they approach the material in vastly different ways.
0.75 more of an interesting exercise in literary adaptation than a fully satisfying work of art
0.7 Not what I would have expected... but hey, we are defined by our contradictions, no?
0.8 Apesar do final que soletra a mensagem do filme, e um western atipico, denso e, principalmente, corajoso para sua epoca.
0.875 Movies dealing with law and order rarely fall out of fashion simply because their themes remain forever relevant. This classic Western is no exception.
0.8 ...the movie suggests we had better look to doing the right and decent thing before we act on a majority decision made in the heat of the moment.
0.9 one of the saddest movies ever produced
1.0 It should tell you something that this was among Orson Welles' favourite films
0.8 Packs a pretty incredible emotional punch in its brief 75 minutes.
0.6 Studio-bound (it looks like a 50s TV film), but powerful
1.0 Bogart is phenomenal as Fred C. Dobbs, a decent guy destroyed by his lust for gold, and the film itself is one of the immortals of cinema.
0.8 an unconventional western and a serious drama
0.875 A finely-crafted western-style character drama where greed and paranoia drive desperate men over the edge.
1.0 Transcends the medium to become a mandatory viewing experience for anyone that identifies themselves as a human being, period.
1.0 an all-time masterpiece of characterization, structure, pacing and storytelling in general
0.9 Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia.
1.0 This is so brilliant that the only real effect of the other versions is to make you want to watch the original again.
1.0 A pure classic.
1.0 True treasure of cinema, terrific on all counts.
0.8 An undeniable classic, but far from perfect.
1.0 The movie has never really been about gold but about character, and Bogart fearlessly makes Fred C. Dobbs into a pathetic, frightened, selfish man -- so sick we would be tempted to pity him, if he were not so undeserving of pity.
1.0 ... so good that writing about it is embarrassing.
1.0 Sierra Madre is one of the most lush black & white films ever shot. You'll never look at a gila monster the same way after seeing it slither across the sand in this film.
0.9 ...one treasure of a movie.
1.0 Greed, a despicable passion out of which other base ferments may spawn, is seldom treated in the movies with the frank and ironic contempt that is vividly manifested toward it in Treasure of Sierra Madre.
1.0 An all-time classic; Bogart wonderful, but Walter Huston steals the show; a timeless treasure not to be missed.
0.8 Uma fabulosa atuacao de Humphrey Bogart (completamente esquecido no Oscar daquele ano, numa das maiores injusticas que a Academia ja cometeu).
1.0 Arguably John Huston's greatest film, this powerful study of masculinity under pressure retains its power.
0.8 It's probably more historically important than it is a masterpiece (the last 20 minutes take the missed conections and misunderstandings an inch too far), but it's still very easy to fall in love with.
0.6 Perhaps not the greatest of the screwball comedies, but Frank Capra's It Happened One Night is one of the racier.
0.875 Viewed even today with all of its plot elements recycled ad nauseam by Hollywood (for rom-coms, road trip comedies, odd couple/buddy films, etc.), the film still holds up because we believe Gable and Colbert and can identify with them both right away.
1.0 It's nearly impossible to find anyone who doesn't love it. Or doesn't feel, in some way, that it speaks to them.
0.8 It Happened One Night was in many ways a predecessor to the modern romantic comedy, and its dynamics will still feel familiar to the current-day viewer.
1.0 As buoyant and elegant as bubbles in a glass of champagne, Frank Capra's sublime 1934 comedy... survives triumphantly because of its wit, charm, romantic idealism and its shrewd sketch of married life.
1.0 Still one of the best screwball comedies.
1.0 A screwball comedy with charm and sass it established a template that countless films have followed down the decades.
0.8 It Happened One Night is pure delight.
1.0 As classy and charming a romantic comedy as you're ever likely to see...
1.0 Both stars loathed the experience yet turned in two of their most enduring performances.
1.0 An old school classic.
0.7 The story of a runaway heiress falling in with a devilish, wise-cracking reporter on a cross-country roadtrip now seems like a cliche only because so many other films have copied its structure.
1.0 Only minorly dated, this film would play well for modern audiences despite being more than 70 years old.
0.7 Who can resist a movie where the girl's father provides his daughter with a getaway car from her own wedding?
1.0 It Happened One Night is a true classic in every sense of the word, one that withstands the test of time and indeed defies it completely.
1.0 The romantic comedy that all others draw from, few imitate effectively, and none have been able to replicate.
1.0 Not only will the Walls of Jericho fall, but so will the walls of your heart.
1.0 Still as good as everyone says it is.
0.8 It dates badly, but there's enough here to make it worthwhile
1.0 Uma perola de bom humor e otimismo.
1.0 It happened one night in 1934, and it happens every time we watch this utterly beguiling film.
0.9 The ultimate dizzy, romantic, screwball comedy.
0.875 Its opposites-attract melding of screwball comedy and the road trip elements has become one of about a half-dozen standard love story formulas. Most years, there's at least one theatrical release that owes a debt to this film.
0.82 Heat feels like a cobbled-together conclusion to this so-called trilogy, a movie that offers little of what made the other offerings...so terrific in the first place.
0.7 Morrissey turns to fame and travels from New York to Los Angeles for this outrageously funny but almost painfully sharp comedy.
1.0 Jolson's best acting; great Rodgers & Hart score; quirky rhymed dialogue
0.9 Even things that are more jarring than effective -- school children and teachers singing "My Country 'Tis of Thee" with a cut on every syllable -- are unforgettable.
0.8 A very strange, pre-code, quasi-musical with a socialist message and a talking performance by silent comic Harry Langdon.
1.0 ...haunted by the gap between human yearning and ultimate understanding.
0.9 At least close to being a great film. It's a film that lingers in the mind -- not in the least because it's so open to interpretation.
0.86 The few insecurities in the filmmaking, which stick out in contrast to his Russian works, are easily overlooked by how masterful other scenes are and the impressiveness of the imagery.
0.8 Invaluable pointers on narrative patience, spiritual yearning and technical finesse.
1.0 Brilliant and audacious, with one of the most extraordinary final sequences in modern cinema.
0.9 A fitting epitaph for a great artist. Every frame could be hung on a wall, the script is supremely thoughtful and the performances are universally excellent.
1.0 A difficult film - slow-paced, unashamedly theatrical and heavily laden with philosophy - yet a profoundly satifying one: a rewarding display of filmmaking mastery that forms a mystical and enigmatic coda to a legendary career.
1.0 For all its Swedish trimmings, the long, syrup-slow takes are unmistakably Tarkovsky's, and it's these that provide this arthouse disaster movie with its mesmerising power.
0.8 As involving and intellectually rich as all Tarkovsky's work.
0.8 The Sacrifice is a stunningly beautiful film that holds your attention even while you feel slightly stunned, in a less welcome way, by what is actually going on.
0.6 True film devotees will appreciate the mystery and the spiritual allusiveness of The Sacrifice.
0.8 Certainly makes demands on one's patience, but Tarkovsky is always worth the work.
0.8 It is a poetic vision, filled with the symbolism peculiar to Tarkovsky's imagination. It is also a visually stunning, hauntingly beautiful, brilliant piece of art.
1.0 The Sacrifice, famed Russian director Andrei (Solaris) Tarkovsky's last film, is a pondering, intense, obscure film filled with images that will haunt the collective memories of everybody who has seen it.
1.0 The Sacrifice is not the sort of movie most people will choose to see, but those with the imagination to risk it may find it rewarding.
0.5 Just another contract-player time-killer.
0.5 Lacks a fresh point of view and its people lack individuality.
0.625 Nothing new in writer-director Jason Freeland's Garden Party, then, nor anything particularly insightful about the mercenary business of getting by and ahead out here.
0.375 It's familiar stuff if you've sampled the vast body of work devoted to LA-dammerung.
0.8 Exotic romance in early three-strip Technicolor with great stars.
1.0 As Mulligan so deftly demonstrates, the story is in the characters, their failings and fragility, their heroism and nobility of spirit.
0.7 I got so much more from this story as an adult, and it's a shame that my adolescent stubbornness kept me from the movie for so many years.
0.875 Because the story is related through young Scout and Jem, that childhood wonder and fear is never close behind.
1.0 One of those rare instances when a movie perfectly captures the essence of its source material without compromising it in any way.
1.0 Since its release, this intelligent, atmospheric film has been warmly received by audiences responding not only to their own childhood, but also to the heroic image portrayed by Peck, a shining example of citizenship and affectionate fatherhood.
0.625 To Kill a Mockingbird is a time capsule, preserving hopes and sentiments from a kinder, gentler, more naive America.
1.0 A terrific central performance by Gregory Peck makes for an outstanding big screen adaptation of Harper Lee's classic novel.
0.5 So much of the novel's reckless atmosphere is missing...
0.9 Oscar winner Gregory Peck is ideal casting as Atticus, for his Lincoln-like integrity and intelligence perfectly serve the role
0.74 To Kill a Mockingbird should make admirers of the novel weep many times over.
1.0 With the Tom Robinson plot intertwining with Scout and Jem's education in the ugly flaws of a world they're only beginning to comprehend, today the film offers an extra accumulated layer of 'meaning.'
1.0 A classic adaptation of an American classic. Storytelling doesn't get much better than this.
1.0 Above all, it's a film about listening to Dad.
1.0 Arguably one of the best dramatic films ever made, brought home with tons of great features, a sparkling new transfer, and a nifty fold-out case.
1.0 Superb on all counts. Great adaptation of the memorable novel.
1.0 Right, like anyone cares what I say about it at this point.
0.8 Minor shortcomings in a rewarding film.
1.0 There are few films that can be called perfect, this is one of them.
1.0 ...To Kill A Mockingbird leaves you with a much-needed belief in hope, ignited anew by the eyes of children.
1.0 ...endearing, heartwarming, tragic, uplifting, and, ultimately, inspiring. Movies don't get any better than this.
1.0 The film is honest about a time in this country when happy endings were few and far between.
1.0 One of the best movies ever created. Poor mockingbird.
1.0 Universally recognized as a classic, and the label is well deserved.
0.8 An oldie but goody that can still entertain as it preaches.
1.0 Made in black and white in 1962 at a time when other movies had switched to color, it shattered many notions of what was right.
0.7 The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it.
0.75 The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences.
0.8 Great quirky script makes up for rather indifferent filming style.
0.4 The film is marred by glacial pacing, its own silly premise, and a snowballing series of absurdities.
0.6 This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile.
0.6 Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album.
0.4 About as fun as painting a wagon.
0.7 ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer.
0.8 Even though the thing doesn't begin to make its presence felt till near the halfway point... the simple act of watching men discuss strategy ends up being terrifically absorbing.
0.75 It's still a very harrowing and action packed horror film...
0.6 Perhaps the most famous shot of the movie is also one of head-slapping irrelevance.
0.61 A solid, workmanlike film that holds up better than one would expect.
0.75 classic, though it didn't impress me really that much
1.0 A perfect popcorn movie.
0.75 Rather than Nyby, producer Howard Hawks is often credited for the direction of this sci-fi landmark, which features Hollywood's first space-age monster in a decade invaded by Cold War-era aliens.
1.0 Howard Hawks only produced this classic scary sci-fi feature, but it has his signature touches all over it: overlapping dialogue, smooth storytelling, compressed time and space.
1.0 All-time classic sci-fi still packs creepy wallop.
0.6 The Thing today is probably best viewed as a historical document, its shock value having been diminished through time and repetition.
0.75 Doesn't pale in comparison to John Carpenter's The Thing so much as offer a respectable podling alternative.
1.0 Classic sci-fi. One of the very best.
0.5 Watching this movie one cannot help but marvel at what had passed as scary back in 1951.
0.6 Charming and easygoing enough in its matinee-movie way, though there are enough unforced errors throughout that it's really hard to think of this as one of Universal's most shining moments.
0.4 Still shufflin' around
0.6 Another mummy flick churned out by Universal, still creepy.
0.8 The Mummy's Hand is probably the best of the series.
0.76 More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy.
0.6 OK Lone Ranger western, but inferior to great Clayton Moore first Ranger feature.
0.625 suffers from ... lack of imagination and limited scope
1.0 Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
0.8 The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
1.0 One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
1.0 This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
0.95 MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
0.875 The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
1.0 Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
1.0 Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
1.0 The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
1.0 This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
1.0 It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
1.0 Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
1.0 A head trip of a family film.
1.0 The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
1.0 If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
1.0 One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
1.0 The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
1.0 The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
1.0 This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
1.0 I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
1.0 It's a movie that speaks of Hollywood's unacknowledged fascination with the exotic, the mad, the unreal.
0.9 ...a thoroughly American fairy tale that wholly endorses the ethic of consumerism.
1.0 One of the greatest films made ... in any genre.
1.0 It's a movie almost everyone has seen multiple times, and every viewing is a visit home as well as a wild adventure toward territories unknown.
1.0 ...one of the most enduring musical fantasies of all time.
0.75 A true amalgam of creative forces individually pooling their studio-contract talents like a hive of bees (in tribute to a trio of queens...a quartet if you count George Cukor).
1.0 Well named "the wonderful Wizard of Oz"!
1.0 The film is probably as entertaining now as it was in 1939.
1.0 Still a treat for you -- and your little dog too...
0.8 A delightful fantasy for children and adults alike, one that cherishes childhood and its dreams.
1.0 The greatest movie ever? It certainly comes close to claiming that title
1.0 No need to say that this film is a classic.
0.8 It never was a great film, but it's now a part of our culture.
1.0 Pink Floyd anyone?
1.0 I think everyone agrees it is a legendary film and everyone who hasn't seen it, should.
1.0 Is there another family movie as timeless as this one? I don't think so, pal.
1.0 This movie is an ideal family film, superb in every aspect, with outstanding art direction, music, and performances.
1.0 Each time it is shown, this extraordinary film ... embraces a new generation of children who succumb to its magic.
1.0 Its underlying story penetrates straight to the deepest insecurities of childhood, stirs them and then reassures them.
0.9 I can't imagine my childhood without this movie.
0.91 Each scene in The Wizard of Oz is spectacular in its visual creativity. Each song is inspired.
1.0 Remarkable, colorful, heartwarming.
1.0 A dazzling fantasy musical so beautifully directed and acted that it deserves its classic status.
1.0 The music is so infectiously happy that it is basically impossible to keep your toes from tapping, your head from bobbing, and an ear-to-ear grin from appearing on your face.
1.0 This wonderful romp of a movie looks magical on the big screen: colors are a picnic for the eyes, details loom so clearly you can practically touch them and there's a sense of the larger-than-life with a film that's already larger than life.
1.0 It's not simply a magical, whirling experience, but a ground breaker for visual and technological creativity, combining Hollywood forces with Hollywood genius to spawn strands of unique and original elements never before attempted at the movies.
1.0 The Wizard of Oz is one of those rare classics that can endure for generations and be as popular to adults as it is to kids.
1.0 the message comes across loud and clear that you don't have to have a boat, a car or a plane to make a journey of self-discovery and that courage, intelligence and compassion come from within, not through medals, diplomas or testimonials.
1.0 Every bit THE classic.
1.0 Seeing The Wizard of Oz in a movie theater, the way God and Louis B. Mayer intended you to see it, is like being at Cape Canaveral for a space shuttle launch instead of watching it on television.
0.8 Predating "The King and I," and just as entertaining, minus the music.
0.6 Rex Harrison is sexy, Irene Dunne is prim, but the racism is evident.
0.7 The human element of the film has a warped tone that makes the whole thing far more interesting than its mummy attacks would suggest.
1.0 Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
1.0 Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
0.94 In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
1.0 As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
0.86 a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
0.875 ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
1.0 hitchcock perfection
1.0 Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
0.9 Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
1.0 What a great movie.
1.0 A stellar film.
1.0 ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
0.9 ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
1.0 Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
1.0 One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
1.0 Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
0.93 Interesting and fun from the start.
1.0 Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
1.0 In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
1.0 What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 Masterpiece!
1.0 A cinematic treasure!
1.0 One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
1.0 The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
1.0 Since the 1954 Alfred Hitchcock classic is all about the voyeuristic instinct, the better the view, the more sensational the experience.
1.0 A brilliant idea for a movie.
1.0 voyeuristic mystery is a masterpiece of meticulous detail.
0.9 [This] 1954 thriller, often cited as one of the greatest films ever made, could be seen as some kind of ode to voyeurism.
1.0 For some real voyeuristic thrills, one cannot do better than Universal's sparkling remaster of Alfred Hitchcock's timeless (that is, aside from the dated, soundstagey production design) 1954 classic.
1.0 The director's most accomplished film.
1.0 Its appeal, which goes beyond that of other, equally masterly Hitchcock works, remains undiminished.
0.6 Stock your bar and put in your IUD, because this hilariously over-the-top Rosemary's Baby knockoff wants to get you pregnant with its ridiculous brilliance.
0.625 The flaws aren't fatal. The beauty and brilliance that might have been, don't preclude the quality and bravery that exist on the screen.
0.2 The House of the Spirits is like Gone With the Wind with the fun and excitement replaced by lofty. All that's left is the wind.
0.5 How can an accomplished director take a great novel, the best actors working and the finest technicians available and make a film so... bland? It's a puzzlement.
0.25 This isn't just a bad movie -- it's hugely, grandiosely, pompously bad.
0.3 Inert from its opening moments to its too-long-delayed close, this lackluster production is an example of international filmmaking at its least attractive, and a misstep in the careers of pretty much everyone involved.
0.25 The story, from the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende, is purely incidental to the unintentionally hysterical stylings of this potential camp cult film. It's truly awful, and one shouldn't miss it for the world.
0.4 Given the talents involved, the film's hesitations in style and consistent failure to really move must be counted as a major disappointment.
0.4 Sterling cast, but a thoroughly mundane movie
0.6 It does take daring chances with a book that could not have been adapted otherwise, using extraordinary actors to rise above its occasional lapses. The lack of fidelity is often offset by intelligence of a subtler kind.
0.7 Ultimately, The House of the Spirits blends enough melodrama and magic realism and personal conflict framed in political terms to keep virtually any audience happily absorbed.
0.5 All of the characters have the right names, all of the necessary events occur, and indeed the very best local actors have been engaged. But the soul has been mislaid.
0.3 Everything is too densely compressed and without resonance, and The House of the Spirits blasts through six decades without leaving any emotion in its wake.
0.75 Bille August has done a fine job with Isable Allende's tale, crafting a captivating motion picture, but it's hard not to recognize the flaws, and wonder about the lost potential.
0.8 Bouncy MGM college-themed musical sparkles with June Allyson.
0.75 One of the earliest elegies to the dying of the West.
0.4 O roteiro (vencedor do Oscar, acredite ou nao) e cheio de cliches; e o final, esquematico. Katy Jurado foi indicada ao premio aparentemente por dizer 'My hOsband' o tempo todo.
0.8 Truffaut's ode to his childhood is an engrossing watch that is alluring in its simplicity and brilliant in its direction. It flows nicely at its own pace, never allowing melodrama to ruin its realistic and voyeuristic atmosphere.
0.9 Truffaut brought a fresh and piercingly honest portrayal of troubled youth to the screen. In many ways, Antonie Doinel is not only the cinematic embodiment of Truffaut, but also the French New Wave as a whole.
0.93 Truffault's masterpiece. Timeless and true, heartbreakingly sad.
1.0 Francois Truffaut's iconoclastic feature debut and one of the most enduring examples of the French New Wave.
1.0 What is there to say about The 400 Blows that hasn't already been said?
1.0 It's a cornerstone of the French New Wave, and one of the greatest movies about childhood, from anywhere, ever.
1.0 Henri Decae's black and white photography helped Truffaut enormously but what the director himself provides is a sense that though there is no easy answer to the problems of growing up, there is a hope that will never be wholly denied.
1.0 Vibrant, visually exciting and emotionally resonant.
0.833333333333 One of the first glistening droplets of the French New Wave.
1.0 Distinguished by its naturalistic, quasi-documentary approach and an extraordinary central performance from the 12-year-old Jean-Pierre Leaud, this is a blisteringly authentic story.
1.0 It's streetwise stuff, shot in a vigorous on-the-hoof style, but also full of joy, both in its blissfully comic moments and in Doinel's telling passion for moviegoing.
0.9 Alive with the joy of filmmaking for its own sake.
1.0 The 400 Blows, one of the initiating sparks of the French New Wave, ultimately boils down to the film's trendsetting coda, perhaps the most exclamatory question mark in movies.
1.0 An enduring masterpiece...Truffaut's autobiographical fiction shows an admirable equanimity by depicting the highs and lows of boyhood. [Blu-ray]
1.0 This should be required viewing for today's droves of would-be memoirsts in film or any other medium, and otherwise is simply a must for anybody who likes great movies.
1.0 Seems forever young.
1.0 Un film partiellement autobiographique qui fait part d'une sincerite et d'une richesse ahurissantes.
1.0 it informs everything we know today about watching movies.
1.0 Truffaut's brilliant debut, one of the seminal works of the New Wave, is a captivating autobiographical chronicle of a troubled youth.
1.0 One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood.
1.0 Leaud's performance is a marvel in the way he conveys Antoine's frustration with the world around him and the inability of adults to understand him.
1.0 Amazingly, this vigorous effort is the first feature film of M. Truffaut, who had previously been (of all things!) the movie critic for a French magazine.
1.0 For all of Truffaut's mastery of the behind-the-camera aspects of The 400 Blows, an equal share of the credit must go to lead actor Jean-Pierre Leaud.
1.0 This bleak ending, with Antoine turning to stare into the camera, is among the most famous shots in cinema history, and for good reason.
0.8 A landmark in modern cinema.
1.0 Extraordinary.
1.0 The later films have their own merits, and Stolen Kisses is one of Truffaut's best, but The 400 Blows, with all its simplicity and feeling, is in a class by itself.
1.0 This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
1.0 How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
1.0 This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
1.0 This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
1.0 It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
1.0 O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
0.625 ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
1.0 Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
1.0 Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
1.0 [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
1.0 A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
0.75 The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence.
1.0 Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
1.0 It's a truly magnificent film.
1.0 For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
0.75 The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
1.0 Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
1.0 An epic achievement in filmmaking.
1.0 A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
1.0 A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
0.75 If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
1.0 Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
0.9 One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
1.0 Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
0.91 Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
1.0 ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
1.0 I am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen.
1.0 We remember the quiet, empty passages, the sun rising across the desert, the intricate lines traced by the wind in the sand.
0.9 This is a film for the ages.
1.0 At the center of Lean's superbly sun-drenched, 70mm canvas is Peter O'Toole's eccentric but magnificent portrayal of the erudite, Oxford-educated lieutenant.
1.0 There are great action scenes, and the photography by Lean regular Freddie Young is, I believe, is the best ever put on film.
0.8 Danny Kaye has some hilarious moments.
0.6 If you can stand Kaye (oh for a tranquilizer gun!), this one's not bad.
1.0 Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job?
0.625 The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues.
1.0 As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless.
0.75 Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies"
0.4 The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded.
0.8 Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little.
0.9 It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style.
0.4 Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values.
0.75 Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up.
0.75 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy.
0.7 The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison.
0.8 Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel.
1.0 Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon.
0.6 More breathy outbursts from wronged lovers and strange pseudo-sexual and homoerotic encounters than a late-night soap opera, matched with a visual style that points to a level of artistry and invention that even western cinema struggles to match.
0.6 Blindingly gorgeous to look at and exceptionally well acted, at least by the women.
0.125 A vaporous, watered-down frappe of a fantasy epic.
0.8 An overlooked masterpiece.
0.6 Melville at his best
1.0 At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre.
0.75 a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck
0.8 Super cool.
0.8 Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies.
1.0 Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes.
1.0 Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave.
0.8 Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table.
0.82 In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds.
0.875 A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future.
0.75 less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate
0.8 Textbook noir.
0.875 Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion.
1.0 Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum.
0.75 Picture postcard film noir.
0.6 The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is an inspiring story and a well made movie. It has the historical epic feel you'd expect from a film with such scope.
0.7 If you're put off by the missionary impulse, then this film probably isn't for you-even though Bergman brings an honest earnestness to the film that's hard to resist.
0.6 The filmmakers [realize] that they're working within a genre with firmly established conventions are but able to carve out a little niche for themselves.
0.75 One of the first significant American horror movies, and an interesting contrast to the same year's other, more important genre milestone, Germany's 'The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.'
0.7 A wig, hairy prosthetic hands, and a slouched posture were all Barrymore needed to bring Stevenson's defining creation to life, and he did so with gusto.
0.625 The split persona at the center of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde hews intriguingly close to the personal foibles of star John Barrymore.
0.75 One of three 1920 adaptations of Robert Louis Stevenson's classic allegorical chiller, the Paramount Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is remembered primarily for John Barrymore's bravura performance as the title duo.
0.8 One of the better renditions of the tale, thanks to John Barrymore's brilliant silent performance.
0.8 Not up to the Mamoulian version, but Barrymore's performance makes it essential.
0.8 Above average Disney drama with Hayley Mills and dad John.
1.0 Inspired in part by the McCarthy hearings, the movie has lost none of its timeliness: The morality of surveillance technology is among its many themes.
1.0 This dazzling cinematic achievement has the rare good fortune of being one of those films that somehow seems to improve with each subsequent viewing -- the highest compliment indeed, given that it only takes one showing to evaluate its substantial worth.
1.0 Justly celebrated for its opening crane-tracking shot, Touch Of Evil is proof of Welles' prodigious film-making talents.
1.0 Expressionistic in the extreme, filled with shadows, angles and cinematic flourishes, the film raises the usual brooding nightmare ambiance of film noir to a level few other pictures have attempted.
1.0 Having the Touch of Evil envisioned by our most creative filmmaker, is a wondrous gift no movie lover should miss.
1.0 Orson Welles' masterwork of greed, treachery and revenge.
0.8 Even 50 years after studio heads lost patience and dumped it onto the bottom half of double bills, the final Hollywood film from Orson Welles is the opposite of ordinary.
1.0 When druggies stash Leigh in a hotel room and throw a party, the movie threatens to turn into Reefer Madness, albeit with the visual panache of Citizen Kane.
1.0 It is a testament to Welles' genius that he was able to turn a piece of pulp literature into such a disturbing, sophisticated and, above all, entertaining study of depravity.
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece and arguably the last great film noir.
0.8 Where Mr. Welles soundly succeeds is in generating enough sinister electricity for three such yarns and in generally staging it like a wild, murky nightmare.
0.75 Dark, sinister and not altogether comprehensible, this is nonetheless an intriguing study of the art of filmmaking.
1.0 Um estudo extremamente interessante sobre o carater de um homem que, para agir de acordo com os seus principios, nao via mal algum em infringi-los.
1.0 Welles' outlandish visual talent is on full display as he puts noir movie conventions through the wringer and creates one of the most terrifyingly seedy yet utterly compelling films ever made.
1.0 one of [Welles'] richest and most rewarding pictures
0.88 If this is not his greatest film, Touch of Evil certainly is among Welles' most entertaining.
1.0 clearly the work of a genius
1.0 The ingredients are all in place for pulp mayhem.
1.0 The film has always been a favorite of those who enjoy visual and dramatic flamboyance.
1.0 One of a few monumental 1950s swan songs marking the end of the great epoch of traditional studio filmmaking.
0.8 ...the movie shows a simplistic conflict of good vs. evil...
0.75 Whether TOUCH OF EVIL is a masterpiece as many have called it or just an intriguing, confusing and avant-garde B movie is the question.
1.0 ...a dark, perverse thriller about moral compromise and the price of corruption.
0.8 Even in underachievement Welles showed the truly magnificent scope of his talent and the excellent reputation of this film is, after all, well deserved.
1.0 "Touch of Evil" is arguably the best B-grade movie ever made.
1.0 The film has always been full of reckless energy, and now it is, as they say, better than ever.
1.0 A class act potboiler which still feels fresh and exciting.
1.0 [a] dark and extravagant crime drama
0.75 Touch of Evil is a savvy starter because Welles' astonishing cinematic invention and his persuasive presence as star are prime noir at tractions.
1.0 Welles has really created a wonderful little pot-boiler here, setting up atmosphere, deepening the characters, touching on themes, and, of course, doing some really nifty camerawork that's still astounding.
1.0 It's one of the truly great works of the American cinema, and it shows just what kind of excellence movies are capable of.
0.9 masterpiece of bad juju
0.8 ...as much about moviemaking as it is about storytelling.
0.875 The most elemental and uncluttered of D.W. Griffith's major melodramas.
0.8 Definitely a silent drama fighting against the traditional limitations of the form and the strict social mores of the day. One of Lillian Gish's most moving performances.
0.8 One of the screen's greatest symbioses of performance and photography.
0.8 It's an important film that should be seen, but it's hardly the flawless masterpiece it's often hailed as.
0.9 There is so much that is unusually excellent and excellently unusual in Broken Blossoms that one is compelled by enthusiasm to write about it.
0.5 Progressive for its day, but strictly of historic value today.
1.0 The love story at the center of Broken Blossoms is deliberately overstuffed but unmistakably colored with infinite shades of biting irony and social critique.
0.8 Despite its old-fashioned melodrama roots, a great movie with Gish at her most beautiful and vulnerable. Griffith was the master.
0.875 Tremendously downbeat, but beautifully stylized.
1.0 Films like this, naive as they seem today, helped nudge a xenophobic nation toward racial tolerance.
