1.0 The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot.
0.7 We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him.
0.75 The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty.
0.6 You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy.
0.5 Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ...
0.6 It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing.
0.3 The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough.
0.6 A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick.
0.2 Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared.
0.6 A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title.
0.6 Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two.
0.6 I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing.
0.7 The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company.
0.4 Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm.
0.7 With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century.
0.6 What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh.
0.7 Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation.
0.4 [Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ...
0.6 The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump.
0.4 This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people.
0.4 Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit.
0.8 An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man.
0.2 The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation.
0.6 It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining.
0.4 An amiable mess.
0.8 This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema.
0.6 A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull.
0.8 Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled.
0.6 An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values.
0.8 Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naive, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others.
0.8 This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right.
0.4 excellent performers can't compensate for the film's biggest problem - lack of originality
0.4 Filmmaker Love brings these characters to vivid life, but they're all so hateful, racist and idiotic that we don't like them at all!
0.4 Lessons on mastering the sexy #selfie are among the few delights in Women Who Flirt. That makes this energetic but derivative Chinese rom-com about as functional as a BuzzFeed list.
0.625 If its payoff is predictably drippy, the movie quickly regains its comic mojo with a credit-sequence parody of a '90s Hollywood romance.
0.9 ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
0.875 While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
0.6 ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
0.81 Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
0.8 Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
0.875 It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
1.0 Un clasico
0.8 Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
0.9 This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
0.8 ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
1.0 Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
1.0 One of Chaplin's best.
1.0 Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
1.0 O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
0.9 Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
1.0 It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
0.4 Williams (...) toma decisiones extranas que no hacen crecer la pelicula en terminos dramaticos.
1.0 A direcao de Tod Williams, alem de abrir espaco importante para a forca das atuacoes do elenco, destaca-se por nao ter medo do silencio.
0.8 [Jeff Bridges] struts around like a peacock trapped in a burning house...
0.8 an alternately amusing and tragic portrait of post-traumatic eccentricity, focusing on two parents who are unable to get over the loss of their two sons after a car accident.
0.6 Another entry in the fallout-from-grief genre, but it subscribes too readily to the theory that tragedy automatically equals importance.
0.8 A finely made drama about a seriously disturbed family.
0.5 The material is slim and becomes slimmer still by our advance grasp of it; what's meant to be novelistic in detail instead comes to seem belabored. Not a bad film. A misfire.
0.8 One of the best Irving adaptations, a movie with a sad soul and something to say about that state in us all.
0.8 It takes nerve to use dead children as apologists for adult misbehavior, but nerve is something novelist John Irving has never lacked.
0.7 ...a film both fluid and hermetically sealed, inviting multiple interpretations and yet ultimately reluctant to give up its secrets.
0.875 This is a film to wrap around yourself like a blanket, huddling from life's harshness and tasting its riches.
0.7 Bridges and Basinger craft deeply layered, complicated characters whose flaws are substantial yet compelling enough to be liked by audiences.
0.7 Leaves the viewer with lots to think about but not much hope for the human condition.
0.75 One of the more faithful adaptations of a John Irving novel to date.
0.75 Bridges' performance is a marvel of hard acting made to look easy.
0.4 I failed to connect with any one of the film's three main characters.
0.2 I can't forgive a movie for boring me. I can be offended, upset, incensed or infuriated. Take everything I hold sacred...and throw human waste on it.... Just don't bore me.
0.8 Williams bravely blends moments of levity into what is inherently a serious subject and also lends the film a restrained but stylish aura appropriate for the story's tony setting in the Hamptons.
0.875 The richly rewarding film is funny, sexy, tragic, touching and sometimes kind of sweetly bizarre
0.625 There is something almost too familiar about its themes of marital discord, familial breakdown, and taboo relationships
0.6 This is essentially an actor's film and the principals are all solid, with both Basinger and Bridges turning in some of their best work.
0.75 One of those movies that screws up the small details while tapping into the larger issues.
0.75 While the story trips over all the symbolism and takes a glib turn, it is rarely sentimental.
0.875 An excellent rendering of the first third of A Widow for One Year, and one of the best John Irving adaptations to date thanks to the Oscar (R)-worthy Bridges and Basinger.
0.5 Well-composed as it is, The Door in the Floor is far too precious to evoke much more than a distanced, aesthetic appreciation.
0.875 A careful study of grief and love, remaining incredibly true to parts of Irving's novel while leaving most of it untouched.
0.625 In many ways, despite its adult sheen, it's as foolish as any other disposable summer film.
0.75 Bridges is clearly having the time of his career.
0.375 More than once during the movie, you'll find yourself thinking 'Who are these people, and why am I sitting here watching them?'
1.0 A beautifully acted examination of the bedeviling and perversely inspiring legacy of family tragedy, it's one of the most sophisticated American films of the year.
1.0 An alert, adult and intelligent film.
0.75 Irving writes about the consequences of the choices we make with endless and honest empathy for the flawed and damaged, and Williams does that too, allowing us to feel deeply for Ted, Marion and the future of Ruth.
0.625 We're asked to care about a self-absorbed children's author, his depressive, self-absorbed wife and their self-absorbed 16-year-old assistant.
0.5 Feels more about a situation than actual people. It's sensitively rendered, filled with those necessary evocative details, and it never rings true.
0.8 A compelling, beautifully acted drama.
0.86 Dark cinema, but also perceptive and revelatory in exploring how an ill-fated couple struggles to cope with tragedy.
0.75 Bitter and bracing...
0.5 The Door in the Floor is unfocused beyond repair.
0.75 A likable drama within its limitations.
0.7 Filled with darkly off-kilter humor and uncomfortably funny moments that resonate both emotionally and intellectually.
0.25 The Door in the Floor is a film about child abuse. The filmmakers either don't realize this or don't have the courage to admit it.
0.7 If 'storytelling is all in the details', then the little moments add up to a movie worth seeing.
0.75 After Garp, this is the best screen treatment of the bunch.
0.6 Works better as an actors' showcase than as a wholly satisfying filmgoing experience.
0.8 An American tragedy, exquisitely shot in the muted tones of the New England painter's scenes of desolation and disappointment.
0.5 As tenderly acted as Door is, it never finds its tone or purpose.
0.625 A languorous, fitfully compelling screen adaptation.
0.625 As directed by second-timer Tod Williams, The Door in the Floor tackles each sequence as if it were a separate movie; the tones never match.
0.75 [Bridges] bursts through The Door in the Floor like it was made of plywood and, in the process, delivers the year's first full-bodied dramatic performance.
0.25 Showcasing three individuals whose spiritual and physical journeys are both repellent and mundane, the film is just a long and pointless slog.
0.875 Extraordinary in every way, from the pitch-perfect performances to the delicate handling of explosive subject matter, The Door in the Floor is also a model of page-to-screen adaptation.
0.625 One of the better adaptations of a John Irving novel.
0.625 Director Williams' tale never quite finds its footing.
0.5 The transformation of what Irving wrote to what Williams filmed is a classic case of diminishment by movie convention.
0.9 Jeff Bridges offers perhaps the wittiest and richest piece of screen acting by an American man so far this year in the best movie yet made from John Irving's fiction.
0.5 Handsome but coldly uninvolving and pretentious.
0.625 That Williams occasionally comes close to the author's layered spirit is a tribute to his passion. But the film fails on a number of levels.
0.8 An unassuming pleasure.
0.75 [Williams] maintains a well-judged equilibrium between the characters' agonies and forced exhilarations.
0.8 A sophisticated, intelligent, summer film for adults who yearn for something more than popcorn flicks.
0.5 Something feels missing here -- like a middle and an end, maybe.
0.75 Williams handles the main line of the story, the war between Ted and Marion, clearly and strongly.
0.875 A stunningly well-acted drama for grown-ups.
0.75 This is classic Jeff Bridges, an actor whom we should just retire the term 'underrated' to describe him and give the man his due as one of the finest actors in any medium.
0.75 Subtly captivating, fact-of-life moment(s) define (the film's) emotional timbre...
0.375 Sleazy in that Irving incestuous fashion: highbrow and lowbrow--Cheever doing beaver.
0.7 A strange, dark, complex, multi-layered and intricately constructed narrative examining how people deal with a devastating tragedy.
0.8 The Door in the Floor is one of the best films of the year with its mature treatment of loss, sexuality and the emotional education of a young man.
0.75 For the most part, The Door in the Floor is well-made, and it held my attention throughout, but this is one of those motion pictures where it's easier to admire than like the final result.
0.5 This goes on for almost two hours and soon we're bored to tears.
0.625 Jeff Bridges brilliantly juggles the comedic and tragic aspects of the material. Too bad the film as a whole is a mixed bag.
0.75 There are more than a couple of moments in this film ... that get Irving's sense of grotesque tragedy and tragic grotesquerie just right.
0.4 fails to even approximate reasonable human emotion or behavior
0.7 This movie's heart is set on suggesting that the cure for what ails you emotionally is sex. And, if it's a little on the forbidden side, all the better.
0.375 A smutty, bargain-basement version of In the Bedroom.
0.7 One of the absolute best teen-driven romantic comedies.
0.6 A good but patchy romantic comedy, 10 Things I Hate About You does not break new ground, but there are plenty of surprises that will insure a good watch.
0.625 ...a slightly above average teenage romcom.
0.625 Gil Junger's TV roots are revealed in his excessive reliance on close-ups and the cast's preponderance of TV actors.
0.7 It sounds awful, but Junger's movie is utterly winning.
0.8 Of all the teen films released this year, this one is, by far, the best.
1.0 Pure of heart and perfectly executed.
0.8 Unlike many high school movies, 10 Things contains actors who are able to rise above the silly stereotypes and give their characters life.
0.25 The movie wimped out by blanding down the story and the characters to the point where she isn't really a shrew and he isn't really a maniac.
0.625 The notion of a contemporary high school as a hotbed of romantic intrigue is utterly apt, and the performances almost make the update work.
0.7 What raises this venture a few notches above your normal acne fare is an extremely clever screenplay
0.625 There have certainly been worse.
1.0 As satirical as it is romantic, this is one teen film that is wise enough to span generations in its appeal.
0.5 It's a fast-food film, easy to digest, but nothing remarkable or memorable.
0.5 By all rights it should have been as incredibly heinous as other recent juvenile jaunts, but it's actually kinda cute on occasion.
0.5 I didn't exactly hate this film.
0.7 The script is surprisingly witty and filled with razor-sharp barbs hurled from just about every character.
0.625 Ni su trama ni sus personajes son de aquellos con los que se pueda identificar la mayoria
0.5 It's so knowingly cute that most of its jokes go nowhere.
0.375 Since the natural audience for this is girls under 18, do they really need the message that brains are a bad thing, dooming them to a dateless high school career?
0.2 How much does this movie suck? Let me count the ways.
0.4 Despite a tinny script, the cast puts in fine performances in what is a very unfunny movie. But the praise stops there.
0.625 The high school romance genre has become so popular that it's running out of new ideas and has taken to recycling classic literature.
0.625 Stiles Styles .
0.8 Easily transcends its hackneyed plot through vivacious acting, crackling dialogue, and sympathetic characters.
0.6 What would Shakespeare have made of all of this? I suspect he would have approved.
0.625 Definitely a cut above the current crop of teen-oriented comedies, thanks to an appealing cast of fresh faces, as well as a surprisingly literate script.
0.6 Unfortunately, much of this potentially good material is paced like a bad sitcom.
0.7 Overall, it plays well because of its non-stop pace, the interesting relationship between the sisters, and most of all, the enjoyable and engaging performances by stars-to-be Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles.
0.6 Stiles, whose slightly rushed, impatient delivery sometimes recalls the young Jane Fonda, lets enough sweetness seep into her portrayal to lend even the nastiest retort a hint of forgiveness.
0.7 Most of the picture is flat, spiritless and hopelessly staged.
0.6 When it's being its goofy funny self, it scores.
0.8 creenwriters Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith retain Shakespeare's morals and complicated conventions, while director Gil Junger keeps the pace fast, dodging cliches as often as he can.
0.75 Lame scenes are made nifty by the movie's endless energy.
0.75 I doubt I would be able to find ten things I hate about 10 Things I Hate About You, but the positive aspects of the film far out-number ten.
0.75 No one in this film is a big star, but everyone is a capable actor.
0.3 108 Stitches wants to be a gross-out comedy in the Van Wilder or Old School tradition, but A) it isn't funny, and B) it isn't gross.
0.3 They could have focused more on the similarities of best friends and a gay couple. Instead, they just try to offend everyone in sight and then act sorry at the end.
0.3 You know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up as a Chinese wedding chapel minister. No, come to think of it, you know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up at all
0.2 Above all the idiotic shenanigans and brutally offensive conversation, Chuck & Larry is flat-out a badly made movie.
0.5 As complex as a garden-variety sitcom...
0.4 Typical Sandler comedy overflows with stereotypes.
0.25 Even before the 'gay' plot kicks in, the mix of bloated 'heroic' action with toilet humor and plugs for Hooters is unbearable...
0.4 Den ehoyn adiko osoi apokaloyn ayton ton gamo anorimotitas kai sygkratimenis epanastatikotitas, tainia gia ta dikaiomata ton gay, ftiagmeni gia omofobikoys eterofylofiloys. Giati oso ki an paleyei na yperaspistei tin apodohi toy alliotikoy deihnontas tin
0.2 In essence Dennis Duggan's film is patronising and a little degrading.
0.2 Adam Sandler adds here to his lengthening charge sheet as the most repellent "entertainer" on the planet.
0.2 My faith in a beneficent God, never strong, has been shattered by news that Alexander Payne contributed to the screenplay for this horrific new Adam Sandler vehicle.
0.2 The film-makers behind I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry would probably claim a message of tolerance and personal growth, but this woeful Adam Sandler vehicle is as nasty a piece of sniggering homophobia as I have seen in a long time.
0.4 It's not just homosexuals who will be outraged by this crass farce.
0.4 Veering between kneejerk homophobia and PC proselytising for gay rights - often in the same scene - Dennis Dugan's comedy is an unhappy union.
0.4 The closing message claims to promote tolerance, but this remains a lads' comedy: it's all about sniggering at pansies and peeking up girls' skirts. And even that market deserves something funnier.
0.4 Not so much gay as bloody miserable.
0.2 With ribald and stale jokes at odds with the slender social message, this wedding piece crashes and burns amid its own hypocrisy.
0.6 Enjoyable, sharply written and frequently hilarious, this is Adam Sandler's best comedy since The Wedding Singer.
0.4 For my taste, "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" is a less than perfect union.
0.2 Would be less offensive with a title like "Ladies and Gentlemen, The Bronx is Flaming."
0.25 This film is made for less discerning tastes; that is, for those viewers to whom a running gag that has Sandler sitting in kid-sized chairs that inevitably break from under him is the pinnacle of hilarity.
0.3 The makers of Chuck & Larry probably think they've accomplished something meaningful, but what they've really done is make a gay Soul Man.
0.75 James has a big screen quality that reminded me of Chris Farley, who could also find a way to be both sweet and funny
0.5 There's a good movie to be found in [here], but it's repeatedly sabotaged by the desire to placate typical Sandler fans who, God forbid, wouldn't want their boy to get too, you know, fruity on them.
0.2 An arranged fiasco that should have been annulled back in the planning stages
0.75 Overall, if you like Adam Sandler movies this one won't disappoint.
0.1 When it isn't stupid and offensive, it's stupid and condescending -- I now pronounce I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry a four-alarm flaming pile of crap.
0.4 The laugh to wince factor is about five to two in favor of winces.
0.4 ...clumsy lunkhead slapstick...
0.75 I laughed enough to assure myself I wasn't wasting my time, but not enough to convince me Sandler isn't on cruise control.
0.5 Your typical bad Adam Sandler comedy that earns a few extra points in the realm of intent -- or at least possible intent.
0.375 Many, many things are wrong with Chuck and Larry, but its ultimate failure lies in the ludicrous explanation used to get its stars to the altar.
0.25 This comedy isn't just juvenile, it's borderline brainless - the sort of bland, unfunny and, at times, slightly offensive drivel that one might expect from a grade schooler.
0.375 I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry revels in gay stereotypes and allegedly funny uses of derogatory words, then tries to squeeze out a pro-tolerance message at the end. The whole thing rings as insincerely as an Isaiah Washington apology.
0.39 You don't even need to find this movie offensive to hate it. You just need to stay awake long enough to notice that it's not funny.
0.5 Despite its shortcomings, Chuck and Larry should satiate the modest tastes of the run-of the-mill viewer who simply wants some trite entertainment and easy laughs to pass the time with.
0.5 ... a guarded comedy too gun shy to take its concept to the zany, over-the-top heights fans of Sandler have come to expect.
0.0 Adam Sandler and Kevin James ought to be ashamed to be associated with the cinematic equivalent of gay bashing.
0.375 simply isn't funny enough to rise above its base premise and lazy screenplay.
0.5 Here's a strange hodgepodge of the usual Adam Sandler locker-room humor and a lesson about treating everyone fairly.
0.5 I now pronounce this... not worth paying to see.
0.5 Chuck and Larry tries too hard to find the right mixture of Adam Sandler's signature humor and poignancy.
0.375 With a tacked-on PC message and leaden attempts at humor, I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is a movie that gives marriage, homosexuality, friendship, firefighters, children and nearly everything else a bad name.
0.625 Chuck and Larry remains something close to remarkable: an Adam Sandler movie that manages to be crude and caring in equal measure. In the multiplex, this is called progress.
0.5 For the most part, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry plods along predictably, well-intentioned but only sporadically entertaining.
0.25 It does not aim high, yet it cannot even hit the low targets it sets for itself. It is simply painful.
0.25 If there were a Straight Lack-of-Pride Parade, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry could be the grand marshal. The movie isn't insulting to homosexuals but to comedy.
0.5 Does anybody laugh at this stuff anymore?
0.75 Chuck & Larry proves that even the silliest comedy can offer important food for thought.
0.25 When you're more intrigued by the appearance of Richard Chamberlain than the film's final courtroom denouement, you know this union of movie and moviegoer was doomed from the start.
0.2 The straightest, most clueless movie about gays in decades.
0.25 In the credits, the filmmakers acknowledge Brooklyn firefighters who died on 9/11. It's an honorable gesture, but what of the previous two hours? What of the scenes portraying firemen as cigar-chomping, homophobic, misogynistic chumps?
0.5 The sad thing is that this could have been really good.
0.25 In the spirit of uncivil unions, I now denounce you, Chuck & Larry.
0.5 It all boils down to a horrible waste of talent.
0.625 The movie is often stupid. But coming from an industry institutionally terrified of being honest about its own sexuality, it feels brave, going a step further than 'not that there's anything wrong with that.'
0.0 Contrived to the point of painful.
0.5 Despite some hearty humor from Adam Sandler, co-star Kevin James and a handful of well-cast character actors, the film's contrived plot and discriminatory jabs ultimately make Chuck and Larry a tactless engagement.
0.4 Even with Sandler up to his old tricks, he and James aren't really to blame for the failure of this movie-by-committee that throws a bunch of tired jokes against the wall and settles for the two or three that actually stick.
0.25 Not so much anti-gay as it is anti-humor, it's easily Adam Sandler's worst comedy ever, and it's depressing to watch him strain to be a Walter Matthau to Kevin James' sweetly exasperated Jack Lemmon. It's a groaningly obvious, abysmally unfunny dud.
0.0 ...infantile...politically correct nonsense.
0.4 While it might be enough to make you laugh -- like with the majority of his films -- it's far from memorable.
0.6 a gay rights film aimed at homophobic heterosexuals
0.5 It's a curious and not very funny comedy that, nonetheless, is a fascinating social document.
0.1 ... so remarkably free of laughs I might as well have been watching John Wayne Gacy's home movies.
0.25 I sure hope Sandler's next movie is about learning the pain of Asian folks...that'd be hilarious!
0.3 Sporadically funny, casually sexist, blithely racist and about as visually sophisticated as a parking-garage surveillance video.
0.5 An equal-opportunity offender, slapping right wingers on the wrist while, much to said right wingers' expectations, reducing homosexuality to its lowest common denominators.
0.2 A dated, ill-conceived project that's wrong on so many levels.
0.2 In fact, I can pretty much guarantee that this is the worst film playing at a theater near you this weekend, even if your local multiplex has held over "Captivity" for a second week. . .
0.2 I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is not as hilarious as it thinks it is, profound as it pretends to be, or tolerant as it intends.
0.0 Chuck & Larry is such an abysmal stab at comedy on every conceivable level that I wish there was a hate group we could join to protest it.
0.25 takes place in a magical New York City where Adam Sandler (minus the bazillion dollars he has in the bank and the Porsche he drives down the street) is a beefcake calendar superstar who carouses with the entire female staff of Hooter's Chinatown.
0.125 When the movie finally attempts to have a redeeming message, it's not as much a case of trying to eat your cake and have it too as it is trying to walk with your foot jammed firmly in your mouth.
0.3 could be lightly described as flippin' horrendous
0.4 There are gags here that may be older than the film's stars.
0.5 I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry stumbles around like a Cher impersonator missing one red sequined pump.
0.6 If there's a saving grace, and there is, it's that the movie strives, in its often-awkward way, for acceptance. And how bad can that be?
0.4 Ends up patronizing both the frat-boy Sandler audience -- presuming they need lectures on tolerance -- and the potential gay audience.
0.375 Perhaps the funniest thing about the movie is seeing how little chemistry there is between Sandler and Jessica Biel, who plays his love interest. (As strange as it sounds, Sandler has more chemistry with James.)
0.5 Whatever gay stereotypes exist in this movie -- and they probably number in the hundreds -- the writers of the comedy are much tougher on morbidly obese people, hot women, the homeless, mailmen, unattractive women and particularly Asians.
0.25 No comedy this year can beat this dud for mealy-mouthed hypocrisy.
0.375 This painfully uncomfortable buddy comedy trips all over itself to say something positive while still managing to offend. Worse still, it's just not funny.
0.5 If Dugan's crude, occasionally effective effort ends up chipping away at America's moron class regarding gay rights, that'll be nice. But even unrepentant homophobes deserve funnier.
0.5 Raunchy, testosterone-driven Adam Sandler comedy with a relevant message about tolerance and acceptance.
0.25 A big, flamboyant cartwheel backwards for gay rights.
0.625 I now pronounce it better than you'd think.
0.25 That anyone in their right minds could be fooled into thinking that two hours of overt homophobia with a disingenuous punch line about tolerance is okay makes me pig-biting mad.
0.5 I feel compelled to apologize about laughing at Chuck and Larry, like many Sandler films less a movie than a fistful of funny moments.
0.375 So much of it hinges on depicting a person's gay lifestyle as a punchline that the third act's aim for political correctness feels hypocritical and dishonest.
0.5 I now pronounce you terminally confused.
0.375 A film that spends much of its time laughing at gay people can't redeem itself by laughing hollowly with them in the end.
0.2 I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a pretend-to-be-gay firefighter's farce that is entirely too stupid and crude to tote its alleged 'message' about tolerance through the flames to safety.
0.375 The writers and director Dennis Dugan conspire to be gutsy in a gutless way.
0.25 What were they thinking? Simple: They weren't.
0.375 There is a lot of overcompensation going on here.
0.5 It's a shock to the system when this example of puerile comedy turns into a pulpit-pounding sermon. The film's sledgehammer approach makes it more immature than earnest.
0.333333333333 Chuck & Larry wants it both ways, indulging in ass obsession and the lamest queer stereotypes since Franklin Pangborn was in short pants, then hoisting the rainbow flag at half-mast in a panicky cry for tolerance.
0.0 I Now Pronounce you Chuck and Larry isn't just unfunny; it's racist, sexist and homophobic -- and truly unpleasant to watch. ... I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry practices exactly the kind of intolerance it preaches against.
0.2 The question is why Sandler even bothers with a premise. Whatever the putative storyline, his antics are as predictable as flies on cow patties and even more odorous.
0.8 A comedy premise that supplies plenty of sidesplitting laughs ... as well as a strong, touching message about tolerance and acceptance.
0.5 The film is pro-gay but it's less interested in collapsing straight-male hang-ups about gay men than is in putting on a surprisingly mawkish show of political correctness.
0.7 Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
0.3 too little too late
0.625 [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
0.8 Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
0.6 Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
0.4 spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
0.6 Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
0.82 ...an odd and benighted film.
0.625 Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
0.7 "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
0.375 Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
0.6 Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
0.5 The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
0.5 What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
0.625 The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
0.5 Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
0.5 Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
0.625 a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
0.75 Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
0.5 With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
0.375 The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
0.5 The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
0.3 ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
0.75 Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
0.5 Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
0.75 "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
0.5 "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
0.5 Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
0.625 Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
0.5 Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
0.4 Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
0.5 Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
0.3 Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
0.75 It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
0.625 Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
0.7 ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
0.25 Spacey's portrayal of Abramoff gets at the man's contradictions - his ostensibly devout Jewish faith next to an almost sociopathic blindness to his misdeeds - but it never even partly explains them.
0.5 It's a movie of sporadically entertaining scenes that add up to a vaguely unsatisfying whole.
0.6 The biggest asset in Casino Jack is Spacey, who plays Abramoff as the cynical, snappy type of character he made so memorable in American Beauty.
0.5 Hickenlooper offers a one-dimensional portrait of a jacked-up Abramoff.
0.7 Irreverent and satirical with cocksure brilliant Kevin Spacey adroitly handling the constantly shifting, darkly absurdist allegiances.
0.5 If you care about the material, you already saw it done earlier, and better, in the Gibney film.
0.6 Embellishing Jack Abramoff's story with so much humor makes the film feel more like a political parody than a document of what really happened.
0.5 Mr. Hickenlooper's oddly apolitical caper film loses itself in the puzzle of its protagonist's personality.
0.6 A refreshing take on the political crime drama.
0.625 Golden Globe nominee Kevin Spacey has a ball and then some playing the devil inside Jack Abramoff, the corrupt GOP lobbyist who ran wild during the W. years.
0.6 ...suspended uneasily somewhere between comedy and drama
0.75 Spacey has a field day as the hyper-energetic Abramoff, the former producer of the Dolph Lundgren epic "Red Scorpion" who observes that "Washington is Hollywood with ugly people."
0.7 [H]ow a bill becomes a law in DC--a comedy. . .Spacey gives the full razzle dazzle of a flamboyant, complex idealist-turned-wheeler dealer. . .Lovitz is hilariously serious.
0.5 If being trapped in the dark with a pair of hopped-up con-artists... for an hour or so is your idea of fun times, then [this] might be the perfect unreality show for you.
0.6 The movie also hints that it's OK to be a hypocrite as long as you point out the hypocrisy of others.
0.6 Abramoff offers Spacey his most distinct and galvanic character since his highly entertaining take on Lex Luthor in Superman Returns
0.5 Though the film is peppered with one-liners tailor-made for Spacey to sling with stinging effect, it doesn't so much leave you laughing as just weary, and wishing this weren't a true story at all.
0.4 Anyone who's seen Gibney's superior version will immediately be struck by how false this fictionalized account feels.
0.75 Spacey is the reason to see Casino Jack. This movie will stand alongside The Usual Suspects and American Beauty as examples of what the actor is capable of accomplishing when he is properly motivated.
0.3 Somehow manages to make corruption boring.
0.6 There is something fascinating in seeing a really successful criminal mind doing his thing.
0.5 The film seems determined to make Jack Abramoff halfway redeemable, a questionable goal given the real-life damage the man wrought, no matter how much the system may have been to blame.
0.75 A revisionist history bio-pic, reminiscent of Charlie Wilson's War, which recasts an arrogant influence-peddler behaving like he's above the law as merely a bad-boy bon vivant with the best of intentions.
0.8 A fast-paced and spunky depiction of the power-plays, greed, corruption, and grandiosity of GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff, a larger-than-life wheeler-dealer.
0.4 Embodies the apathy of all those bad liberals who talk about how terrible things are and continue about their day.
0.5 ...a sporadically compelling yet lamentably uneven endeavor...
0.625 Writer/director Andrew Bujalski has enough laughs and stamina in his narrative, although at times the flabby story seems to drift endlessly without much focus other than on ripped biceps and toned abs.
0.75 Home-grown jihadists as wankers. How very British.
1.0 Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself.
0.7 Four Lions doesn't always reach satirical perfection, but it comes fairly close.
0.875 [It is] a biting, laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest, funniest comedies in recent memory.
0.6 The comedy is as black as can be, both silly and sharp ... It just doesn't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal.
0.875 Is it insensitive? Jaw-droppingly so. But it's also tremendously funny, and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror, it can't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess.
1.0 The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris's chutzpah for demanding that the film's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film's financing.
0.7 If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy (think Dr. Strangelove) then Four Lions, a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis, is on fertile soil indeed.
0.8 Chris Morris's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time.
0.5 [Morris's] new comedy has a provocative, ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers, but can't decide who or what to take with them.
0.75 It's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad, much less one that actually inspires laughter.
0.4 The overall result is decidedly uneven: there's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent.
0.75 A dark farce sitting somewhere between "Dr. Strangelove" and "Duck Soup." It will blow you away.
0.6 The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying, and that's OK - even necessary - for now.
0.75 The film wisely doesn't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder: Instead, it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous.
0.75 A comedy (!) about inept suicide bombers
0.75 It proves that everthing is a laughing matter. Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy.
0.625 Four Lions is more interesting than riotous. Consider it an example - a well-paced, clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear.
0.7 Really, these guys are just knuckleheads. And the movie is full of outrageous laughs.
0.5 Once you get over the initial novelty, you're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary.
0.8 Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires. But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film.
0.3 Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove (1964) -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon. And the firecracker sometimes doesn't even go off.
0.875 An absurdist satire that's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end.
1.0 I think it's appalling in all the right ways. While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable, I'd argue that the subject warrants it.
0.5 "Four Lions" is a daring, brilliantly conceptualized film, but like the bumbling bombers of the title, the execution tends to be hit-and-miss.
0.75 It's an exceedingly dark comedy, a wicked satire, a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains. It's fueled by both merriment and anger.
0.9 What's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it's willing to follow this group all the way.
0.9 Brilliant, risky, controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure don't have to be a genius to blow yourself up.
0.9 It's truly an incredible piece of work, and something that needs to been seen, and actually feels essential. It's truly, for better or worse, a film of our times.
0.9 Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it.
1.0 Brilliantly funny; one of best comedies of the year.
0.7 A comedy of errors and terrors? Who woulda thunk it?
0.875 Four Lions isn't just the funniest movie of the year-it's also one of the smartest.
0.8 Amid all the laughs in Four Lions, there's plenty to think about, particularly since Morris keeps the film grounded in well-researched reality, stocked with characters who are built from real-world examples.
0.25 The director, Chris Morris, has been successfully making TV and radio comedies for 20 years. But he falters in this, his first feature. He's taken what might make a funny sketch and forced it to run more than an hour and a half.
0.5 The movie falters with an inconsistent tone.
0.9 You laugh until the laughter turns to ashes in your mouth. And then you laugh some more.
0.7 It's not your usual comedic fodder, but the director and co-writer's extensive research and profound intellect elevate the film above mere farce.
0.625 An ambitious, uneven new farce that dares to mock the motives and personalities of four suicide bombers who plan to attack the London Marathon.
0.625 When it works -- and it doesn't half the time -- it's as if Monty Python were back, putting its merrily imbecilic stamp on the dark world of terrorism.
0.5 A brazenly comic, fatally inconsistent romp that tries to destroy radical fundamentalism with ridicule.
0.6 will be remembered less for its politics than its general bravado
0.8 Pitch black comedy laughs in the face of fear and compassion simultaneously.
0.7 Whatever the flaws of Four Lions may be, the movie neither coasts on multicultural smugness masquerading as openness (of the "They have their reasons" variety), nor does it reach for any cheap philosophical answers.
0.75 Four Lions is well acted, and the dialogue is howlingly funny.
0.9 'Four Lions' truly is one of the best and most original comedies of the year.
0.5 Four Lions would like to be scandalous; the best it can manage is being intermittently amusing.
0.85 Funny, smart and original, Four Lions has a lot to say without ever hitting you over the head or standing on a soapbox.
0.8 A provocative gem that doesn't glorify terrorism as much as it does smart, courageous filmmaking.
1.0 Four Lions is about as funny and ferocious as films come. Never before has the phrase 'You'll laugh; you'll cry!' seemed like such a genuine, ominous threat. Chris Morris' confronting satire is not for the faint-hearted.
0.9 The film is tasteless and offensive. It will be especially offensive to jihadists. It is also very funny.
0.8 This one goes out to anybody who likes their comedy, dangerous, thought-provoking and, above all else, funny.
0.8 A bitter, brilliant take on a world that is both ludicrous and nightmarish.
0.6 More than anything, the film works as a conceptual prank, a parody of the supposedly universal cliches of "humanist" cinema.
0.6 I think Chris Morris is a bit too clever for me. I didn't find this film funny at all, except for a couple of moments.
0.7 At its best, the film is very serious because it asks us to think about how such men are created. It's not uniformly successful, but it's far from being just silly or offensive.
0.6 Dodgy subject matter aside, Four Lions is hit and miss.
0.8 A thing of such valour that it ought to be required viewing for the naturally timid, the politically cowardly, the ethically unquesting, the morally shallow, and as a bit of a tonic for people who are too certain of what they already think.
0.7 Treating a taboo topic with broad comedy is dangerous business, as it risks trivialising something serious while offending rather a lot of people. Fortunately, these filmmakers are smart enough to get away with it.
0.8 A dark comedy about Muslim suicide bombers was always going to be a contentious endeavour, but in the qualified hands of satirist Chris Morris it proves bewilderingly effective.
0.8 Morris has created a film so relevant to our current political climate that many will feel guilty just for watching it.
0.8 You may have qualms and reservations about Four Lions but it will make you laugh and it might even make you shed a tear. It is comedy without a safety net. A comedy of terrors.
0.8 A howl of funny and frightening fury that takes aim at the idiocy of Jihadists while never letting us forget their lethal potential.
0.4 In the end, Morris's attempts to explore the boundaries of humour is exploded by a lethal combination of furtive political correctness and transparently terrible taste.
0.6 The film's attempts to not just humanise but to make us like the bombers undermines the comedy.
0.6 Not as funny or as controversial as many would have expected, but there are still many moments of Chris Morris genius here that will have you thinking about it for a long time after the credits end.
0.8 Some may feel that the subject matter should be off-limits to comedians, but there's nothing new about cinema mocking a dangerous enemy -- just look at Charlie Chaplin's classic The Great Dictator.
0.8 Guaranteed to offend a lot of folks across the political and belief spectrum, but consistently funny and horribly to the point.
0.8 Some scenes are hilarious; some are too loopy or uncomfortable to provoke laughs; all strive to achieve something genuinely unusual and essentially true.
0.8 Cutting satire is expected with Morris, but it's the heart that's the biggest surprise here.
0.2 Does making jihadists seem semi-lovable twerps do anything, ultimately, but trivialise the conflict? Perhaps if the film were funnier, we wouldn't look for reasons why comedy and global cataclysm seem a less than perfect match.
1.0 When Four Lions premiered at a festival in January, some reviewers complained that the mix of laughs and atrocities made them feel uneasy. Way to miss the point, chumpos.
0.8 Morris is not only demystifying the eponymous boogeyman, he's poking sticks at it, and laughing all the way.
0.8 Brilliantly written, superbly acted and frequently hilarious, this is a hugely enjoyable, jet-black comedy that gets a surprising amount of comic mileage out of its supposedly taboo subject matter.
0.9 Further proof that the Brits nail "topical" comedy earlier and better than anyone. A true original -- and FUNNY.
0.6 Chris Morris is still the most incendiary figure working in the British entertainment industry.
0.8 Both laugh-out-loud funny and as serious as a bullet through your artery.
0.6 Highly entertaining adaptation, with a hilarious Art Carney as the aunt.
0.375 Not much in the way of laughs or anything else.
0.6 Some moments as lovely as the smell of cookies, especially the dance number.
0.6 Travolta magic is sprinkled everywhere
0.4 A cloying and cloudy romantic comedy in which Travolta dons angelic wings. Michael is innocuously whimsical but wasteful
0.4 John Travolta's Ever-Sap - Coming Soon to a Supermarket Near You
0.375 Fatally earthbound.
0.875 Production and direction wise, Wilder sustains his usual excellence. But his story is controversial and I am not one of those who can quite see The Apartment as the great comedy-drama he evidently intended it to be.
1.0 From such potentially edgy material Wilder and co-writer IAL Diamond sculpt an unforgettable romance.
0.75 Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems.
1.0 Beautifully written and directed by the great Billy Wilder, bittersweet and heartfelt, this is sheer delight.
1.0 Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine shine as two essentially good souls trapped in a tangle of office politics.
0.6 Wilder has made some truly great movies, but this one is not the masterpiece we thought it was.
0.8 Even over a half-century on, The Apartment remains a biting classic due to its modern romantic sensibilities and Lemmon's commanding, thoroughly charming central performance.
1.0 This really is a film of ever increasing returns.
1.0 No one does the pitchblack flipside of funny like Wilder, and 1960's The Apartment is the darkest he ever made.
0.8 Directed by Wilder with attention to detail and emotional reticence that belie its inherent darkness and melodramatic core, it's lifted considerably by the performances.
0.9 This Oscar-winning Best Picture still has the power and appeal that won audiences over back in 1960.
0.8 The cast brings the film together, showing Lemmon and MacLaine as more than just comedic performers, but also as those who can hold their own with heavier script elements.
0.9 A perfect mix of comedy, drama, and romance, The Apartment showcases writer/director Billy Wilder at the peak of his creative talent.
1.0 A screen gem that attained classic status in about as much time as it takes to comb one's hair.
0.8 With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning.
1.0 With tremendous performances by the two leads (Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine), this is yet another "must see" title to be found on Wilder's resume.
0.875 Billy Wilder somehow took a story about infidelity and suicide and made it into a comedy.
0.875 Billy Wilder further enhances his filmic resume with this tender portrayal of a lonely man who may soon get what he deserves. Jack Lemmon is terrific.
1.0 Humanism and cleverness age like fine wine, even if served with spaghetti strained with a tennis racket.
1.0 It's one of the most heartbreaking films I've ever seen.
0.8 A classic comedy, showing Billy Wilder at his cynical best.
0.8 It probably seemed more daring in 1960, but it's still adult entertainment in the best sense of the term.
1.0 Among the funniest films ever to win a Best Picture, this was also risque for its time (and perhaps it is today to some).
1.0 This comedy tells truths about American business and sexual mores as uncomfortable now as they were in 1960.
1.0 Sure it's a bit dated, but that's not the movie's fault. One of Wilder's best films ... and that's saying a whole lot!
1.0 Quite simply one of the finest comic romances ever made.
1.0 There is a melancholy gulf over the holidays between those who have someplace to go, and those who do not. The Apartment is so affecting partly because of that buried reason.
0.68 This cynical study of office politics and sexual mores by Billy Wilder, despite winning 5 Oscars in 1960, doesn't date well.
1.0 Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity.
0.3 It's impossible to feel sympathy for any of The Apartment's characters.
1.0 A barbed and occasionally brutal comedy with few illusions about personal or corporate ethics.
0.4 A Hole in One aspires to the Sirkian social satire of Todd Haynes' Far From Heaven, but the result is closer to a Coen brothers film with all the funny parts removed.
0.375 Things play out differently than expected, though not in any particularly interesting or entertaining way.
0.3 Dreadfully misconceived.
0.4 With its heavy symbolism and awkward, lurching pace, A Hole in One leaves viewers with little more than the vague conviction that falling in love is better than an ice pick to the brain.
0.375 Director-writer Richard Ledes shows better command of 1950s period atmosphere than he does of either his subject or his cast.
1.0 In writer-director Richard Ledes dreamy, '50s-era film, the lobotomy is touted as a way of controlling the uncontrollable and pacifying the anxious.
0.5 Quirky to the point of irritation.
0.5 The film's tapestry of snarky sights and sounds doesn't exactly shed a complex light on the social and emotional problems and behaviors of people who lived in '50s.
0.6 ...from the opening titles, with their jangling ice-pick imagery, the film builds an appropriate sense of needling uneasiness...
1.0 It's easy to forget just how fine Cool Hand Luke is.
1.0 ...a gulag melodrama, if such a thing is possible.
0.75 Anchored by Paul Newman's thoroughly magnetic performance...
0.75 Newman remains watchable and glamorous throughout, bloody, muddy or coated in torso-flattering sweat, but the film's efforts to sentimentally "humanize" him by psychological revelation are clumsy.
0.8 The lines and the character have survived the film's oft-forgotten actual message.
1.0 ...most viewers will have little failure understanding the movie and its motives. They communicate brilliantly.
1.0 One of those movies you remember Great Moments from.
1.0 Too cool for words, then switches past midstream into a work of poignancy and power.
1.0 Preserves a time when one could not only get away with making an allegory with an existential hero, but stock it with an ensemble from the Actors Studio. [Blu-Ray]
0.875 gorgeous looking and terrifically acted
1.0 An amazing accomplishment by Newman as the best fight man has left in him.
1.0 Classic anti-hero story still packs a punch.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke rivals only One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as the best movie ever made about men locked up.
1.0 A tough, honest film with backbone.
1.0 What we got here...is a classic Paul Newman drama.
1.0 A seminal work.
0.875 It's as fresh and effective in 2004 as it was in 1967.
1.0 A masterpiece of justice and the injustice it hides.
1.0 That traditional object of sorrow and compassion in American folk song and lore, the chain-gang prisoner, is given as strong a presentation as ever he has had on the screen.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke is the most engaging allegory of Christ.
1.0 All in all, Cool Hand Luke is a damn fine picture that'll stick with you.
0.6 Kids will enjoy it, even if the jokes escape them.
0.6 All things considered, I got more fun out of the much maligned earlier attempt of bringing characters from the show to film, Boris and Natasha.
0.75 Expected punny dialogue and sight gags ensue, but also packed in are pointed, self-deprecating barbs about Hollywood, moviemaking, and the conventions of cartoons themselves.
0.75 These complaints are mere trifles compared to the fun I had at seeing my favorite moose and squirrel again.
0.6 If you liked the 1960s cartoon series upon which this film is based, you'll like this film.
0.2 There's just not enough depth of thought to sustain it onscreen for 90 minutes.
0.2 All of this adds up to a story we don't care about with nothing particularly involving and about two laughs both in the first ten minutes.
0.5 For the most part, the film succeeds, with predictable complaints stemming from the stretch marks that plague all features based on TV/animated shows.
0.75 The rare adaptation that celebrates the spirit of the TV show that spawned it instead of disgracing it.
0.2 So unrelentingly bad on so many levels.
0.3 It's sledgehammer whimsy, and it's not talking to me.
0.6 The picture, though loose and lazy for much of its life, does at least have a high degree of innocence, charm and pep.
0.625 a generally a fun movie, especially for those who are familiar with the old cartoons
0.4 Too fragmented to either please or sufficiently entertain any of its target audiences.
0.68 If the shrill know-it-all squirrel and his oafish horned buddy aren't old friends, then you'll likely want to give this a miss.
0.4 When it connects, the belly laughs are long and loud, but when it misses, the groans you'll be hearing are your own.
0.4 Falls flat within today's comedic standards.
0.5 McAnuff and screenwriter Kenneth Lonergan seem unable to get the story and the satire to co-exist.
0.25 Looms as the Howard the Duck for the new millennium.
0.5 After a surprisingly savvy and funny introduction, this wildlife road comedy can't generate enough smart-ass creativity to sustain its feature length.
0.75 The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle appears to be one of the frontrunners for both the 'eye candy' crowd and children's audience.
0.6 Rocky and Bullwinkle is too hectic to allow any breathing room for characterization.
0.75 McAnuff and his cast have a jolly time with this material.
0.625 A fun but rather ordinary cartoon crossover dressed up with the wit of Ward's creations.
0.7 The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is completely in the spirit of its progenitor.
0.5 It's a mostly adorable comic-adventure fantasy brightened by flashes of true inspiration.
0.625 Captures the tone and spirit of the original.
0.6 It is so unpretentious that it is impossible to dislike.
0.9 By making us conspirators in the humor, by constantly breaking the fourth wall ... to remind us that this is a movie about a movie about a kids' cartoon TV series, Rocky and Bullwinkle surprises and delights.
0.75 A sweet treat for the family audience.
0.625 90 minutes is too long for any incarnation of The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle.
0.5 Rocky and Bullwinkle's latest adventure is a fractured tale.
0.2 Made by people who clearly think themselves much smarter than their audience. In place of whimsy, it offers cynicism.
0.625 Pity the poor toons stuck with such two-dimensional, (so-called) live-action figures.
0.75 There's a word for this movie, and that word is: jolly.
0.6 Light but consistently entertaining ensemble comedy. Dean Cain is a riot.
0.6 An amalgamation of dozens of old television sitcoms.
0.7 Presented in an endearingly straightforward fashion and features a handful of performances that manage to elevate the familiarity into something capably entertaining.
0.625 The well of surprise is all but parched in the post-Tarantino seriocomic crime caper genre.
0.2 More Tom and Jerry than Thelma and Louise.
0.8 Engaging and successful for fans of the genre
0.5 Too much style and not enough of anything else.
0.5 The dialogue is banal and the characters are irritatingly dumb.
0.5 Full of sharp ideas but undermined by blunt-headed characters and logistical loopholes.
0.8 Why should boys have all the fun in the movies?
0.8 For all of us bad little boys and girls.
0.375 A movie about two of the most loathsome women in recent cinema, and the movie thinks the male characters are the villains.
0.75 The women operate at different speeds, contrast well and make a likable duo.
0.125 The results are odious.
0.6 At least nobody could accuse the director Bill Eagles or his writer Simon Donald of mealy-mouthed timidity.
0.75 ...an entertaining and darkly clever little British crime film, giving the spotlight to the girlfriends of the hoods instead
0.5 Would be more appealing if the women's behavior weren't alternately moronic and venal.
0.1 Loathsome as any mindless, blood-drenched Hollywood action-adventure yarn.
0.4 0.6
0.8 Apesar do foco excessivo nos dialogos ainda denunciar suas origens teatrais, o filme faz bom uso de flashbacks e conta com a interacao perfeita entre Sellers e Attenborough.
0.75 Don Jon is no kind of resonating masterpiece, but it's intelligent, thoughtful, funny, and dedicated to the cause of finding a personality and sticking with him through the excess of his addictions.
0.4 Wondering what exactly is revealed as a cure to Don Jon's addiction? Why, good sex, of course! Thanks, geniuses!
0.6 Gordon-Levitt is on top form, as is Johansson as the type of girl who only takes her gum out to eat.
0.8 The messages of the film are stark and genuine, much more so than one might expect having seen the promotional material.
0.8 A thoughtful, original and provocative feature-length directorial debut from Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
0.7 It gets harder and harder to support this passion for porn.
0.6 The entire movie seems to recalibrate and rebalance itself around [Moore], shifting convincingly into something more than a surface-heavy evocation of sterile on-screen onanism.
0.6 Alas, I didn't buy a word of it.
0.8 The end is satisfaction enough to justify the initially explicit means.
0.8 This certainly won't find a mainstream audience but it is fresh, well executed and entertaining.
0.6 Despite a contrived and sentimental ending, this is an entertaining riff on men and fantasy.
0.6 Starts mischievous and moves into maudlin.
0.8 With this writing-directing debut, Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers a remarkably assured comedy-drama while also giving himself a role that's far against his usual type.
0.6 A minor triumph that manages to raise some big laughs while delivering a thought-provoking message.
0.4 A superbly acted and sporadically amusing character study, but it's let down by an overly repetitive script, painfully underwritten female characters and a lack of chemistry between Gordon-Levitt, Johansson and Moore.
0.6 In a bravura performance, Gordon-Levitt sleazily revels in the role of bad boy...but it's a character undistinguished by light or shade and becomes wearing, a sex drive that ends up a cul-de-sac.
0.4 These are caricatures rather than characters, and neither Levitt nor Moore ever quite lock step with the film's snappy sitcom tone.
0.4 The naff accents and exaggerated mannerisms become very tiring over 90 minutes.
0.4 The work of a young director reaching to impress without having fully formed ideas ...
0.8 As a director, Gordon-Levitt demonstrates considerable technical flair through stylistic flourishes and coaxes great performances out of his co-stars.
0.8 Smart, witty and more than a little melancholy, Don Jon is a fist-pumping success.
0.6 Though Don Jon succeeds in being funny at every turn, it is less successful in being a movie with something important to say.
0.75 a fascinating and often compelling film, and a clear sign that Gordon-Levitt is a filmmaker of note whose future is bright if he continues to not play it safe
0.625 Don Jon is a solid debut, but my guess is that Joseph Gordon-Levitt will have some more exciting cinematic adventures for us as his career behind the camera continues
0.6 Gordon-Levitt shows promise as a director and his debut has bags of cinematic swagger.
0.8 Don Jon is a terrific directorial debut from Gordon-Levitt - funny, moving and with something to say about family and relationships.
0.5 Joseph Gordon-Levitt has not yet reached the "star" level where he can carry a movie.
0.7 A film with tense, ironic energy in the way that scenes flow and shots collide, but in a way that feels a bit overfamiliar and safe.
0.88 Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an assured debut as a writer-director with Don Jon, a cultural critique of the expectations placed on relationships in an environment saturated with media misrepresentations of both women and men.
0.5 JGL. DTF. Sorta.
0.75 Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns the gym-tan-laundry routine into an art form with Don Jon, his vibrant and viciously profane directorial debut.
0.875 Joseph Gordon-Levitt has teetered on being the Next Big Thing. He's finally there with 'Don Jon,' a grownups-only movie about addiction and compulsion in which he stars. He also wrote and directed this movie about a man's obsession with pornography.
0.6 It's difficult to rate a movie that doesn't really start until its last half hour.
0.75 An impressive debut as writer/director/star.
0.7 Don Jon has attitude, conveyed as much through the solid performances as it is through the director's unflinching approach to some complicated subjects.
0.8 I find it a film that's much easier to admire than actually like.
0.7 The fact that one can think of a movie about a guy hooked on porn as charming is high praise.
0.625 Technology has enabled this Don to do what the original Don Juan may have ultimately wanted: to be pleasured alone, giving nothing of himself.
0.8 A romantic comedy with edge. Joseph Gordon Levitt makes an impressive writing and directing debut. Scarlett Johansson is terrific.
0.8 Gordon-Levitt has delivered a lively, timely, and decidedly adult look at love and sex that is both uncommonly mature for a first-time director and very fresh.
0.875 It's Julianne Moore's character who most allows Don Jon to upgrade from being a humorous and perceptive movie about naughty Internet connections into a heartfelt and perceptive movie about necessary human connections.
0.1 Filled with frank conversation and gutter language, mysogynistic with misandry thrown in, it's probably not possible to make a tasteful movie about a subject as distasteful as masturbation, but this movie doesn't even try.
0.7 Offbeat, frank and often surprising gem.
0.7 Don Jon is like watching a far more well behaved Jersey Show. It takes the same beats presented on that awful reality show and polishes them for a more compelling and complex experience.
0.4 When you look past Don Jon as Gordon-Levitt's movie cotillion, it's a painfully superficial and paint-by-numbers story that offers very little character development.
0.875 A perceptive and often funny story with a refreshingly mature attitude about sex.
0.75 Don Jon" is obnoxiously funny, effortlessly identifiable, unusually tender, obscenely amusing, and an enjoyable R-rated comedy that is sure to captivate both sexes.
0.7 From 'Pillow Talk' to pornography in three generations! Sleazy yet seductive, Joseph Gordon-Levitt cleverly distinguishes the different between lust and love.
0.8 [Moore is] touching, Johansson is wonderfully awful and Gordon-Levitt is electric, making it easy to forgive the movie its meannesses.
0.8 Funny, witty, honest and eventually heartfelt, without having to pander to saccharine fantasies or gross-out raunch humor that have become mainstays of rom-com cinema.
0.7 "Don Jon" proves that Joseph Gordon-Levitt is one of the best and most versatile actors working today, and shows promise for a future behind the camera as well.
0.6 If "Don Jon" feels like a film that is spread too thin amongst multiple genres, it only goes to hint that Gordon-Levitt might be as talented behind the camera as he is in front.
0.875 This is the kind of American movie that comes along far too rarely. It's funny and entertaining, but it remembers who we are as human beings, does not shy away from our many flaws, and finds something endearing in all of it.
0.75 Never before has Gordon-Levitt disappeared into character as he does here.
0.7 Brave, bold and bone rattling, Gordon-Levitt's Don Jon makes for a bumpy -- but undeniably satisfying -- cinematic ride to the dark side, and back.
0.875 Gordon-Levitt's roots in culture go deep; he chalked up his first TV credit at age seven, and he was already a seasoned performer when 3rd Rock from the Sun came along in 1996. With Don Jon, he proves just as adept behind the camera.
1.0 Don Jon deals quite beautifully with the idea that real love can often be distinct from other phenomena that are commonly mistaken for love -- like the narcissistic desire to be loved.
0.5 Although the film's character portraits are vividly drawn, they remain largely one-dimensional.
0.8 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's porn addiction topic may not be for everyone. However, it's a great first movie from a terrific young actor and now writer and director.
0.5 [T]he movie has no clear idea who this man is.
0.7 Don Jon humanizes the Jersey Shore type by burying itself beneath the muscles and hair gel with a story about learning how to connect with another human being.
0.375 Hearing the star of "Who's the Boss?" drop about 500 f-bombs is one of the film's few pleasures.
0.75 Really, "Don Jon" could have - should have - gone on another 20 minutes. Then again, when was the last time you felt that about a romantic comedy? Or any movie?
0.4 Funny at times and touches on some interesting issues. But the Jersey caricature is so embarrassing that it ultimately sinks the film.
0.75 The movie has a keen understanding of how easily we can hurt other people by not considering them.
0.8 Who would have thought one of the most amusing and oddly insightful romantic comedies would be built around the power and the potent pull of porn?
0.8 Irreverent romcom about porn is insightful but very graphic.
0.875 GTL comparisons aside, Jon's sublime journey extends well past the shenanigans along The Jersey Shore's old boardwalk.
0.7 Much like my high school geometry homework, Gordon-Levitt gets the answer right but he fails to show his work.
0.8 "Don Jon" is bold and clever. Very sophisticated and mature in the way it showcases the sexuality of men and women.
1.0 Don Jon is a most unconventional romantic comedy. What's not so obvious is it's also one of the most relevant romantic comedies you'll ever see.
0.8 By treating Jon with sympathy but without sentimentality, Gordon-Levitt has given us a daring portrait of modern masculinity.
0.75 The sophisticated outrageous adult comedy we've been waiting for all year. It's smart, funny and has a charming message while hinting at Joseph Gordon-Levitt's seemingly limitless potential.
0.8 Gordon-Levitt enlivens Don Jon with such a sense of swagger, as a director, writer and actor, that the film feels fresh.
0.75 Unexpectedly bold and finally endearing, an impressive first directorial effort from a performer who has clearly learned a lot from being on television and movie sets all his life. Gordon-Levitt is the undeniable real deal.
0.8 Don Jon is a bold, sexy, and completely original comedy that proves Gordon-Levitt can do pretty much anything he sets a mind to.
0.74 Johansson walks away from Don Jon with one her best performances to date.
0.625 It's never boring, but the film plays like a thesis on the modern condition more than a genuine depiction of a romantic relationship.
0.7 [A] deceptively sincere movie about masculinity and its discontents that Mr. Gordon-Levitt, making a fine feature directing debut, shapes into a story about a young man's moral education.
0.5 By the time Jon learns that "you have to lose yourself in another person" (a nice turn of phrase), it's too late for us to lose ourselves in the movie. "Don Jon" is already gone.
0.75 Writer/director/star Joseph Gordon-Levitt takes an intriguing subject - human attraction - and nimbly probes it with wit, insight and a disarming forthrightness.
0.75 R-rating aside, it should be required viewing for every 15-year-old boy on the planet.
0.875 Rarely has a film offered such raw and honest talk -- with visuals, too -- about male sexuality.
0.75 The film manages to be extremely efficient, conveying its points, making the audience laugh, getting viewers invested and even breaking our hearts in just 90 minutes.
0.75 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's writing/directing/starring debut is like its diamond-in-the-rough title character. It shows a lot of unrealized potential, with enough charm to ease you past its shortcomings.
0.625 It's amusing but not especially insightful.
0.75 "Don Jon" deserves praise for wearing its message lightly and yet for daring to present such a lecture in today's Internet-drenched environment.
0.8 Writer-director-star Joseph Gordon-Levitt is so savvy about the workings of our small minds that he knows just how to reel us in (sex) before schooling us on the important things in life (love).
0.625 [Gordon-Levitt's] skills as an actor, and those of co-stars Scarlett Johansson and Julianne Moore, keep us watching, even as public-place modesty makes us want to look away.
0.75 One of the most adventurous actors of his generation, Gordon-Levitt has a good sense of just how graphically he can depict Jon's addiction and maintain the sympathy of both men and women.
0.75 Not exactly an original idea. But Gordon-Levitt goes at it with gusto, and style. Give the guy some props.
0.75 In the end, "Don Jon" offers the promise of progress without pat answers. It also offers the promise of the future work of an undeniably talented actor-turned-director.
0.625 The result is a bit confused but shows a genuine talent at work.
0.875 Gordon-Levitt is no slouch when it comes to taking risks as a filmmaker. I can't wait to see what he does next.
0.8 A sharp turn on the romantic comedy, a movie about flawed people doing flawed things, often in funny fashion.
0.7 [Although] Gordon-Levitt says a little bit about a lot of things,...Don Jon is a continuously entertaining and fitfully provocative first-time effort.
0.75 It's a dark comedy about matters of the heart, and how far some people go to take their minds off such matters.
0.75 Gordon-Levitt demonstrates he is a filmmaker with promise who blends a good ear for dialogue with fine pacing and an eye for making a good-looking picture.
0.875 Don Jon [is] a bruisingly funny, bracingly smart comic dare that marks a stellar feature directing and writing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who plays Jon with humor, heat and sneaky heart.
0.8 The strange spiritual journey of a young porno addict who shifts his perspective and is set on a different path.
0.5 The sound of one hand clasping.
0.4 The final moments hint at beauty and grace in Jon's new relationship, but for the movie, it's already too late.
0.75 Don Jon is visually interesting without being overbearing. The script finds a witty way to confront serious issues. And Levitt-Gordon takes on the personality of a guy straight out of Jersey Shore.
0.625 It's somewhat hypocritical that the movie has it in for romcoms, but what are you gonna do?
0.6 For a first time feature filmmaker, this is a brave attempt to examine the cliches of a modern romance.
0.75 ''Don Jon'' is a lark, but an enjoyable one with a full-hearted finale, and it further reveals the considerable talents of Gordon-Levitt.
0.5 [Gordon-Levitt] can act, and there's a possibility he can also direct, but there's no evidence in Don Jon that he can do both at the same time.
0.75 "Don Jon" is hardly as slick as its main character fancies himself, and that's OK. After all, as Gordon-Levitt's movie takes great pains to illustrate, what we constitute as perfection often proves to be a deceptive illusion.
0.4 Merely ends up trading one beefcake delusion for another.
0.75 Not a great movie, but a filthy-funny, sweet and smart one with a third act punch that will take your breath away.
0.7 Unconventional in the best ways, Don Jon is a charmingly smutty story about a man, his porn, and a much deeper struggle within.
0.375 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's directorial debut, Don Jon, does for porn-dependence what Shame did for sex addiction by offering a surface-level look at the effects of its specific pathology on its lead male character.
0.625 ...propulsive and thoroughly watchable...
0.85 A truly original character piece, hilariously funny and poignant, with enough humor and heart that more people will be able to relate to the characters than they'll care to admit.
0.8 A bold choice
0.6 Don Jon's Addiction is a fun, occasionally flabby romp that should find its audience.
0.75 Chase, Hawn and Grodin give it their all in Neil Simon's Seems Like Old Times
0.6 Mildy amusing with Chevy and Goldie in their prime.
0.6 Mildly diverting romantic comedy that plays like a sitcom.
0.7 ...it's got a gentle charisma that's hard to resist....a film with little substance but loads of charm.
0.6 There's more than a whiff of Festen and Altman in first-time director Christopher James's frantic, enjoyably overstuffed funeral drama.
0.4 Self-aware but self-regarding indie navel gazing; no cause for celebration.
0.333333333333 If you're a fan of jaundiced views of Hollywood or unedifying portraits of dysfunctional families, look no further.
0.8 Despite the dark tone, the likeably unlikeable ensemble cast is uniformly excellent, and there are some real laughs to be had.
0.875 Jaymes and his castmates nail the characters and the dialogue
0.875 There is not a false emotion running through In Memory Of My Father. It maintains a screwball sense of absurdity but paces itself to allow the humanism to shine through.
0.6 Smart, sassy movie, but expect raunchy humor, language.
0.5 The film just didn't do much to me.
0.7 This is one of the most likable [teen films] ever made not starring John Cusack
0.75 ...the movie coasts along on a surprisingly clever script and sure-handed direction.
0.5 The dancing is well choreographed, but the story would have better succeeded in choosing an angle or two and sticking with it.
0.5 A moderately entertaining, mostly inoffensive piece of filmmaking.
0.7 The cheering is occasionally spectacular and the principals' acting is above the material.
0.4 Nowhere near funny enough to succeed as a comedy, nor serious enough to work as a drama.
0.375 Not ''about'' anything, unless you count obsessive shots of nubile, scantily clad bodies in motion.
0.5 For as much as it fails on every conceivable level as a movie, the fact that it never really knows how bad it is gives it an almost irresistibly idiotic charm.
0.75 Who would have thought that a film about competing cheerleading squads would turn out to be the one very pleasant surprise in this very dismal summer season of moviegoing?
0.8 A far-above-average teen comedy that's both wickedly funny and dead-on insightful.
0.8 Finally, a teen movie that I can like! (OK, I liked She's All That too.)
0.72 Surprisingly perceptive, includes a few interesting characters, and turns would-be predictable moments into something just a little bit better.
0.625 Bring it On has its heart in the right place but its brain in the wrong one.
0.75 An agreeable diversion unsullied by undue depth or hidden meaning.
0.375 Triunfos Robados presenta dialogos absurdos y una alta dosis de sensibleria que fastidia desde la primera media hora de exhibicion
0.75 For a teen comedy, Bring It On is surprisingly aware of class issues and doesn't mind putting them up front
0.7 The humor succeeds, in part, because the movie establishes the characters first and then works off of that.
0.7 The fact that a bouncy teenage sports comedy can even gesture toward serious matters of race and economic inequality is pretty impressive, as is the occasional snarl of genuine satire.
0.6 Grooves without ever getting to the heart of how ridiculous parading with pom poms actually is.
0.6 Smart and sassy
0.625 Hurrah for this little film, it's a good time
0.75 A bubbly, little comedic gem, and unexpectedly sharp-witted, to boot.
0.75 Probably the best high school comedy this year so far.
0.6 For you guys, it's worth a rental. The rest of you may want to stay away, especially if you're diabetic.
0.6 This is lightweight stuff, but the movie zooms along.
0.625 The predictability is balanced by an anything-goes sense of humor and entertaining characters played by watchable stars.
0.75 Even those curmudgeons who wiled away homecoming assemblies smoking in the bathroom may find themselves seduced by [Bring It On's] bubbly, buoyant brio.
0.8 We've got to write off the narrative and simply sit back in utter amazement at the vigor, the animations, the unstoppable nervous energy of Kirsten Dunst's troupe and particularly Ms. Dunst's own charisma.
0.7 Maintains a certain freshness due to the high-spirited cheerleading choreography, the novelty of presenting cheerleading as a coed competition sport and the appeal of its cast.
0.7 Crackling good script, sharply directed.
0.9 Showcases a trio of talented young actresses, captures the exuberant athleticism of competitive cheerleading and positively exudes good-hearted charisma.
0.625 The film earns a lot of good will because of its enthusiastic cast, impressive choreography, and remarkably fast pace.
0.5 We get a strange mutant beast, half Nickelodeon movie, half R-rated comedy. It's like kids with potty-mouth playing grownup.
0.6 Even I got a little spirit while watching this.
0.375 Bring It On is a forgettable, hackneyed effort -- a presumptuous, feel-good movie that is a bubble-headed mess.
0.5 Who cares about cheerleading? The movie obviously doesn't.
0.4 Kirsten, you should not be in movies like this.
0.25 Truly lame dialogue.
0.5 Quickly goes downhill, taking itself too seriously and ladling on every cliche in the screenwriter's manual.
0.6 The ending leads to an inevitable sense of dissatisfaction.
0.6 It almost makes a gal want to stand up and cheer. Nah.
0.5 You'll see more navels in this PG-rated film than in a Florida orange grove.
0.4 A silly, slangy and ultimately conventional spoof, touring the girls' locker room with an unusual skirmish involving teeth-brushing.
0.375 Just a silly, formulaic movie with stock characters who are pretty to ogle.
0.4 Uninspired romcom has some racy scenes, drinking, language.
0.5 [A] Woody Allen-lite comedy ...
0.4 Romantic comedies depend on the sympathies of an audience, but in this scruffy movie actor-filmmaker Simon Helberg (The Big Bang Theory) plays a character so relentlessly naive and self-absorbed that it's impossible to root for him.
0.6 We'll Never Have Paris, a nimble and tangy comedy, sails through most of its fleet runtime without a hitch, only to lose its nerve, slightly, in its final moments.
0.2 The danger in writing, directing, producing and casting yourself in the same movie is that there's no one to pull you back from the cliff.
0.4 A film that neglects the basic requirement that an audience not thoroughly hate its protagonist.
0.4 Too often the flat-lining jokes and botched attempts at emotional sincerity merely enhance the character's pathological nature instead of offsetting it.
0.1 Scary Movie 5 is a reprehensible excuse of a comedy and should barely be considered a film since it's of such poor quality. They don't make a dunce cap big enough for individuals this idiotic.
0.2 Railing against Scary Movie V for diminishing the series' standards would be as effective as criticising Brooke Hogan for disgracing her proud family name. And yet, the fifth instalment of the Scary Movie franchise does do that.
0.4 Enough. Please.
0.4 This is a big waste of time, drawing one more gasp out of a series that should have given up the ghost long ago.
0.2 This franchise has steadily gotten worse and worse with #5 being the all time low.
0.125 The only thing scary about 'Scary Movie 5' is the thought of a sequel.
0.2 It's crude, gross and probably wishes it was offensive but comes across as just lazy, limp and unfunny.
0.1 Don't. Don't go see this. Don't subject yourself to this. Don't subject your brain to this. Don't give these people your money and encourage them to make more of this.
0.2 The filmmakers border on sophomoric desperation, achieving a measurable shred of humor only in the outtakes during the closing credits.
0.2 A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake didn't stretch to writing actual jokes.
0.4 The latest installment of the slick, highly profitable parody franchise.
0.25 It's supposed to be funny, but you'd have an easier time reading a zombie's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ...
0.0 This vapid, vulgar insult to the intelligence couldn't possibly have been tested on any focus groups. Can we all now agree that we've reached the cinematic saturation point with the rapidly-expiring, Scary Movie franchise?
0.2 If I ever have to watch another Scary Movie film, I'll give up on writing, cinema, and society forever.
0.5 For the art-house crowd, who may, I suppose, stumble drunk into the wrong theater after too much Chardonnay, there are nods to Black Swan and 127 Hours.
0.0 The scariest thing about Scary Movie 5 is that it actually made me chortle less than some of the silly horror flicks it's trying to spoof!
0.2 Lacking a single honest laugh, this is shoddy by comparison with the other Scary Movie sequels... which throws it in a pit with Transylmania, Breaking Wind and Stan Helsing.
0.2 Like so much of this whole series, the mere mention of a familiar pop culture figure or title is supposed to be hilarious.
0.0 Scary Movie 5 must be some kind of psychological experiment. Perhaps the filmmakers sat in a lab, rubbing their temples while wondering aloud how awful they could make a movie and still score at the box office.
0.1 If it's even possible, Scary Movie 5 is worse than its predecessors, reaching all new heights of stupidity and fall-flat comedy.
0.2 The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it's over -- comes near the beginning.
0.2 Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic (and unamusing) attempt at parody that is tedious not fun.
0.05 A hate crime against cinema, a ringing indictment of the depths commercialism will go to in search of the lowest common denominator.
0.1 yap yap yap yap yap...
0.6 There are opportunities to have a good time with this film, if you are a forgiving sort.
0.1 Even if you chuckle occasionally at this, it's hard to see how anyone would want to pay to see it.
0.2 Another pointless exercise that only served to make me deeply examine why comedy was ever funny. Next time, I'd rather just laugh.
0.15 Surely we have a responsibility to audiences in need of laughter, and surely we can do better than this.
0.25 The inexcusably desperate "Scary Movie 5" is this once-prosperous series' death rattle.
0.2 You must have a better way to spend that $13.
0.25 Put it this way, there's a spoof of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" in which gorillas throw their feces at the wall to see if it sticks, and you can't help wondering if this is actual documentary footage of the script meetings.
0.25 Scary Movie 5 is so bad, it makes A Haunted House look like a Seltzer/Friedberg comedy.
0.2 like a sharp stick in the eye
0.25 Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale, but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference.
0.25 These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year.
0.0 When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie, you know it's bad. SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag. Or a woman having sex with a microwave...
0.4 This is the first Scary Movie in seven years, but the formula remains unchanged, with a thin storyline linking spoofs of Hollywood hits.
0.6 The concept gets a weird but intriguing workout.
0.625 While this twisty thriller sometimes borders on the pretentious, it's an auspicious debut by writer-director Martin Koolhoven.
1.0 All these funny, frenetic performances make for an enjoyable romp.
0.875 [An] inordinately clever, sprightly romantic comedy.
0.75 A triumph of talent and style over silliness.
0.5 This romantic farce has a talented cast and energy to spare, but somehow the ingredients don't burn as brightly as one would expect from such promising ingredients.
0.875 In addition to Fiennes, who does a star-making job here, and the radiant Paltrow, Shakespeare in Love teems with wonderful performances.
1.0 Taking the writing process behind Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet as its inspiration, John Madden's follow-up to Mrs Brown combines contemporary humour with a convincing 16th-century setting.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love crackles with the in-jokey brilliance that we associate with the playwright Tom Stoppard.... And you don't have to be a Shakespeare scholar to appreciate this movie's wit and easygoing references to the entertainment world today.
0.8 Entertaining, witty and acutely funny, with the ability to appeal to more than Shakespeare buffs. But for real fans of the Bard, it's a glorious treat that's smart and humorous, with highly appealing performances all round.
1.0 A brilliant and witty script by Tom Stoppard is brought to life by a great cast.
1.0 Wastes no time setting itself up as a rowdy, colloquial piece of popular entertainment -- the furthest thing from a fussy biopic of the Bard.
0.875 Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard have written one of the year's smartest scripts, and Mrs. Brown director John Madden gets a chance to show a funny side that's previously been submerged.
1.0 It is clear that everyone in the film is having a great time with the material, and it is contagious.
0.875 Henslowe may be onto something when he jokes that all audiences want is love and a bit with the dog, but this film delivers much more.
0.875 A sumptuous fictional glimpse into the creative mind of one of history's most brilliant theatrical minds.
0.75 It's the performances which push this to a very high level.
0.875 Shakespeare in Love moves fast, and may deserve multiple viewings. It's a delicious feast of lowbrow and highbrow mixed with romance.
0.7 The greatest enjoyment of the film is for those who are familiar with Shakespeare's plays.
0.875 A tale of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.
1.0 Shakespeare In Love is funny, tragic, romantic... I love it; should I count the ways?
0.9 Shakespeare in Love is a great date movie; that rarest of 'chick flicks' that all can enjoy. Even crabby cynics.
1.0 This film is very entertaining, and it's the most sophisticated and mature romance of the year.
0.75 Hardly deserving of 13 Oscar nominations and 7 Oscars, this film is nevertheless an entertaining bit of fluff.
0.875 Seems the Bard is badly blocked.
0.8 la pasion como elemento creativo y fundamento para vivir
1.0 This is a joyous and quite brilliant comedy.
0.8 ...it works wonderfully, giving audiences that wouldn't normally sit through an Elizabethan play the chance to understand and be amused by something fairly close.
1.0 Given slight twistings and tweakings for a 1990s audience, this Shakespeare is true to its inspirational muse without taking itself too seriously.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love has to be one of the most irresistible movies I have ever seen.
1.0 One of the many brilliant twists in Shakespeare in Love is how it treats its protagonists' love with both utter sincerity and an ironic wink.
0.75 Shakespeare in Love is not a great film, but it's an excuse to have an evening of pure enjoyment with a little culture painlessly mixed in.
1.0 I was carried along by the wit, the energy and a surprising sweetness.
0.8 A rom-com with added smarts for the literature scholars, which doesn't alienate everyone else.
0.9 The film's humor ranges from the wonderfully intellectual to snarky movie and theater in-jokes, from sight gags to rapid-fire, reference-laden dialogue.
0.88 Takes us out of ourselves, immerses us in another world, introduces us to people we'd love to call friends and tells us a story we can't forget.
1.0 Cheers all around for such an inspired tale about inspiration.
0.875 Not merely a period piece, Shakespeare in Love is the rival of many a modern-day romantic comedy.
1.0 The stars have done their job with devastatingly good aplomb.
0.875 Shakespeare has now finally arrived onscreen... in the right hands -- those of director John Madden and stars Joseph Fiennes and Gwyneth Paltrow.
1.0 The script will sweep you away.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love is one of those great movies, the kind of film that makes me clack away furiously at my keyboard, telling people just how much I loved this movie.
1.0 With glittering shows of erudition and playfulness, Shakespeare in Love mixes history, fiction, comedy and romance to create a pure joy of a movie!
0.8 A frothy romantic comedy that is equally nourished with truisms of historic lore and modern sensibility.
0.9 Easily the best comedy of the year.
1.0 The cast is near perfect.
1.0 A rollicking good time, full of genuine emotional pull and incandescent acting, and anchored by a passionate love for the theatre itself that puts to shame most human liaisons.
0.875 The writing is brilliant; the acting is masterful; the direction is breathtaking; the costumes are beautiful; and every little detail in the film is charming and witty.
1.0 The most deliciously witty film of the year.
0.75 One would have to be a melancholy Dane not to enjoy Shakespeare in Love's ample pleasures.
0.8 Visually elegant.
1.0 If, for the playwright himself, all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players, then this splendrous new movie gives as much of his world as a simple stage or screen can hold.
1.0 Shakespeare in Love is a wonder to behold, and to cherish.
0.9 A comedy that Shakespeare would truly be proud to have his name in lights above.
0.875 Like any good Shakespearean work, Shakespeare in Love is filled with love, sex, villainy, despair, tears, sword fights, men dressed as women, women dressed as men, buffoonery, ribald humor, intimidating penmanship...and a dog!
0.875 Shakespeare in Love is a luminous, entertaining tale.
0.875 There's more to the film than just making light of Shakespeare's early career.
1.0 At last, a juicy, funny, romantic comedy -- aimed at adults!
0.5 Don't let the hype fool ya, cause this puppy pees just like the rest of them!
0.375 A thin, predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books.
0.4 Western spoof that falls off the saddle too many times.
1.0 [Do the Right Thing is] an exceptional film, a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood. Like the film's principals, you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live.
1.0 This might sound like a depressing story, but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning.
0.875 The movie's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made.
0.5 It's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil, as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth.
1.0 [A] movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single, brightly bedecked, booby-trapped package.
0.5 Sure, the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York, but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed.
1.0 Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating.
1.0 A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989.
1.0 A towering achievement in American cinema, Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock, like Nashville to Robert Altman, like Playtime to Jacques Tati, Lee's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator's artistic command.
0.8 A pulsating homage to life on New York's streets, achieved thanks to Lee's sleepless eye, but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism, too.
0.8 A tour-de-force for Spike Lee
1.0 Spike's greatest film to date. Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it.
1.0 spike lee's masterpiece
0.8 Who expected this to be its director's last really terrific film?
1.0 Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made.
1.0 Made me love Spike.
0.9 A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world. There are no absolute heroes or villains. There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace.
1.0 The movie confronts racism head-on, with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures. Lee does not pander to political correctness, nor does he sermonize.
1.0 You can't afford not to see this modern masterpiece.
1.0 Roger Ebert points out that this film, which honestly (and sometimes graphically) explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations, was probably the best movie of 1989. I would have a hard time disagreeing.
1.0 I think it's Spike's best. Loud, honest, angry entertainment.
0.8 This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious.
0.89 Has the greatness necessary to embrace its contradictions
1.0 This film changed the way I looked at movies.
1.0 Plays like a pot of boiling water, eventually bursting and spilling over for a shocking and brilliant climax
1.0 Comes closer to reflecting the current state of race relations in America than any other movie of our time
0.8 It's as much horseplay as swordplay and, altogether, a witty delight.
0.8 Rightly regarded as one of the peaks of Kaye's career.
0.75 A flawlessly executed, beautifully designed genre parody.
0.8 A cracking jest, wonderfully enjoyable.
1.0 Terrific family fun.
0.6 If Danny Kaye doesn't find you wishing you had a gun on you, this is one of his better efforts.
0.7 The film has a few classic moments.
0.7 Has good momentum and it's not actively unpleasant to look at, which sets it well on the right side of the bell curve of modern American comedy.
0.7 A solid buddy-cop action-comedy that draws all its energy from Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, who are flat-out funny and fun to watch.
0.6 the relationship between McCarthy and Bullock is spot on and makes the film worth watching
0.75 There's no getting away from the fact that The Heat is lightweight and derivative, but its formulas have been freshened just enough to make it fun. With Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock on board, that's enough.
0.875 The sparks that fly between the two have that much more sting, thanks to the acidically hilarious banter and Bullock and McCarthy's complete, fearless abandon.
0.4 Poor production values, shoddy editing and too many cliches cool off a seen-it-all before comedy that even Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy can't save.
0.79 But it's heartbreaking to watch McCarthy and Bullock work so hard to such little profit ... This is a movie that doesn't once do the unexpected thing.
0.5 It's ultimately clear that there's simply not enough plot to justify The Heat's absurdly overlong running time...
0.875 Director Paul Feig, whose Bridesmaids upended notions of what a raunchy ensemble comedy could be, does it again here with another genre.
0.8 It's the 'Bad Girls' who rule now!
0.8 This terrific vehicle for the perfectly mismatched comic stylings of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy isn't a hilarious girl-power trip. It's simply hilarious.
0.8 The plot follows a standard formula, but the simple gender twist and great casting keep things sizzling.
0.7 Miss Congeniality shows up The Other Guys in this riotously funny buddy-cop comedy, which overcomes its silly script with the ingenious pairing of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
0.8 The Heat is lean, mean and completely uninterested in anything that isn't funny.
0.7 Prepare for some hilarious laugh enforcement, Sandra Bullock proves to be the perfect foil to the uproarious Melissa McCarthy, who is fast becoming the funniest performer in cinema.
0.8 A good cop/bad cop action comedy with the funniest two-women-above-the-title pairing in memory.
0.8 Bullock and McCarthy have terrific chemistry and elevate the simple-minded material with their riffing and adept physical comedy.
0.6 Watchable buddy comedy enlivened by a pair of strong comic performances from its two leads, though it's also far too indulgent of McCarthy's ad-libbing and feels a good twenty minutes too long.
0.6 The film then lives and dies by how funny each individual scene manages to be. Some hit the mark, others do not.
0.6 The bland visuals and point-and-shoot directorial style mean that not much sticks in the mind, but 'The Heat II' would be an entirely welcome proposition.
0.6 Good for a few chalk-and-cheese chuckles but no real belly laughs.
0.6 If you've never seen the point of Sandra Bullock, watch this.
0.6 A genuinely funny, worthy successor to Bridesmaids, solidifying McCarthy as a rare comedic talent and potentially laying the way for more left-field lady-led comedy.
0.6 Marks another successful barge into Hollywood's boys-only territory from director Paul Feig, who is proving to be the most significant director of women in Hollywood right now.
0.6 It takes a while for The Heat to warm up, but after about 30 minutes of straining-for-effect comedy, this buddy cop vehicle for Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy proves a much funnier proposition than the thinness of its premise suggests.
0.4 The screenplay, by Parks and Recreation writer Katie Dippold, is gunning to be a female Lethal Weapon or 48 Hours. Unhappily, this includes slovenly plots about tracking down drug lords to warehouse hideouts, and jackhammer banter.
0.6 The cruder gags won't win everyone over, but McCarthy and Bullock's chemistry helps paper over the plot cracks and there's enough situation comedy to entertain.
0.6 There's one reason to see this movie, and it's name is Sandrissa McBullock.
0.8 The script is sharply funny, with the contrasting styles (what is this, "Training Day?," Bullock asks as McCarthy attempts to bond with a drug dealer) of both leads front and center.
0.6 It's down to the two leads to charm their way through the cliches. They half manage it.
0.5 First names are, of course, never used because they're out-menning the men in every department, including misogynist asides and police brutality - by the end of the runtime you wonder why they bothered casting women at all.
0.5 Borrowing heavily and unashamedly from the buddy-cop movie formula perfected by the Lethal Weapon, Bad Boys and Beverly Hills Cop franchises, Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy team up for an enjoyable, ultra-predictable, totally disposable comedy romp.
0.75 The Heat takes a standard male action/comedy template, the odd couple cop movie, and blows it up with an estrogen bomb named Melissa McCarthy.
0.7 Feig's indifference to craft hurts the movie ... but he knows funny, and he gives his actors plenty of room to work.
0.6 A reminder of Bullock's comedic talents and one of the best female comedic pairings since Tina Fey met Amy Poehler.
0.75 McCarthy delivers her profanity-laced lines with an aggressive force that feels amazingly natural, and her put-downs and insults derive a particularly strong comic vibe by bouncing off Bullock's pinched straight-woman routine.
0.625 There are only two reasons to see The Heat. But they are formidable reasons, and they go by the names of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
0.875 Bullock and McCarthy are so comedically in sync that iffy jokes become funny, and funny jokes become hilarious.
0.6 Bullock/McCarthy are a great comic combo; with a few tweeks it could have been a better movie
0.5 The Heat runs really hot in fiery bursts of filthy and physical female comedy; but trying to even pay lip service to this husk of a story for its two hour running time really makes for a polarising view.
0.75 Yes, it's a cop-buddy film, and of course there is a case to be solved. But nobody cares about the familiarity of the premise. You get the sense that Paul Feig doesn't care either.
0.75 A funny new take on one of Hollywood's biggest cliches.
0.375 I chuckled once.
0.625 The good news is that McCarthy and Bullock are often hilarious together, so you don't have to worry about the story. The filmmakers didn't.
1.0 Don't be surprised to shed a few tears as the curtain comes down on this tale of female empowerment about a pair of polar-opposite lady lawmen who set aside their differences to get their man while forging an enduring friendship worthy of a sequel.
0.8 A hysterical comedy, this Paul Feig production is a worthy successor to his 2011 hit "Bridesmaids."
0.625 You've seen a lot of this before. These actors deserve better.
0.625 If only the script matched the chemistry of its leads.
0.625 The movie is almost pure formula, elevated out of the realm of the mediocre on the sheer strength of McCarthy's bravura turn.
0.125 Writing jokes is hard. Writing potentially funny situations is marginally easier, but only because the potential doesn't have to be realized before the paycheck is cashed.
0.2 While Bullock and McCarthy have a fine degree of chemistry, they are drowning in bad material.
0.76 Bullock and McCarthy make a great team and one that will keep you laughing throughout.
0.68 It's great to see a supporting cast that consists of comedy heavyweights Jane Curtin, Bill Burr and newcomer Adam Ray.
0.6 Much of The Heat's success can be credited to Melissa McCarthy and while the film offers a fair amount of belly-laughs it also includes plenty of missed opportunities.
0.5 While Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy have fantastic presence and chemistry, there isn't much of what you'd call plot.
0.5 If this were funny, The Heat would add up to your average buddy-cop comedy. Except that it's not funny, at least not very and not often.
0.6 Female buddy-cop comedy mixes humor, violence, drinking.
0.6 It's about time there was a cop comedy featuring girls!
0.625 Laughter can be magical. It can also be crass. In the formidable person of Melissa McCarthy it is typically both. And no director seems to know what to do with that tension quite like Paul Feig.
0.7 It's a breezy, low-impact good time that distinguishes itself as a comedy starring two women... by being almost indistinguishable from any other pleasant comedies starring anyone else.
0.875 Even with its nearly two-hour run time, The Heat is consistently funny.
0.5 McCarthy is famous for her willingness not only to ignore the limits of civilized behaviour, but to actively shred them. Here, though, her crude sloppiness becomes a one-note characterization.
0.75 There's enough inspiration in front of and behind the camera to push it beyond its formula trappings, but trumping that is how consistently it doles out good jokes.
0.7 Big question. Is The Heat a good movie and really funny, or am I just in love with Melissa McCarthy?
0.8 ... a rapid-fire script and the inspired pairing of Bullock and McCarthy make 'The Heat' one of the funniest films of the year so far.
0.5 Depressingly mediocre. Even the gags that worked in the red-band trailer fall flat.
0.8 Not only is this movie destined to be the comedy hit of the summer, but it is also pound-for-pound the funniest movie to come along since the original 'The Hangover.'
0.2 It's a comedy where the laughs are considered first, the story second, and the characters least of all.
0.4 The movie is rarely funny and the "high concept" part usually means the lowest common denominator. And that is another way of saying The Heat is stupid.
0.625 [Feig] clearly enjoys the spectacle of women behaving badly, and gives his stars - and particularly McCarthy - plenty of room and improv time to knock back shots, bust a move and beat up men until they squeal like little girls.
0.75 This is a fairly dark comedy about some crass and sometimes cruel people, and director Paul Feig quite solidly establishes that tone from some of its earliest scenes.
0.8 After laughing heartily through The Heat, I'm pretty sure I'd watch any future project Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy team up on. Sorry Rex Reed, you can't deny McCarthy's comedic talent.
0.3 'The Heat' is about as generic a movie title as you can get, but calling the Sandra Bullock/Melissa McCarthy film 'The Disappointing F-Bomb Fiasco' may have been a bit too specific.
0.75 Worth running out to see for anyone who dares lament that they don't make funny movies like they used to.
0.3 You know what would have been funny? If Bullock and McCarthy had switched roles... Instead, we got Miss Congeniality 3: Boston Boogaloo.
0.6 It's disappointing that "The Heat" doesn't do more than take an established film template - in this case, the buddy-cop flick - throw in a Tarantino-size helping of F-bombs, cast a couple of women and call it a day.
0.7 Bullock specializes in awkward and uptight, McCarthy in aggressive and unfiltered. "The Heat" makes the most of those differences.
0.75 The Heat is the best female buddy-cop movie since, well, ever.
0.5 The cookie-cutter plot might have worked if the jokes were good.
0.65 It's no classic, but it has the most important thing that a comedy needs: laughs.
0.6 Snarky and scruffy, it's filled with cliche'd, odd couple bantering and punctuated with raunchy, profane dialogue.
0.6 [The stars] deserve a much stronger showcase than this Laurel & Hardy Go Policin' vehicle.
0.75 Bullock can do a double-takes better than any actress working today, and boy, does force-of-nature McCarthy give her plenty to work with.
0.875 McCarthy owns this movie, but nearly everyone in it is hilarious.
0.7 Go in expecting greatness and you might be disappointed. Anticipate having a good time and this movie will deliver.
0.7 The screen team of the season , Bullock and McCarthy , deliver a sizzling hot summer comedy. Over the top , but undeniable fun.
0.7 'The Heat' is a decent movie. McCarthy and Bullock are outstanding.
0.75 So outrageously funny it makes up for a disappointing third act.
0.4 With a screenplay so childish it might as well have been written in Crayola, The Heat is at its best when it simply gives the tremendously talented McCarthy room to improvise.
0.45 An uninspired formula comedy that wastes every iota of that talent on a movie genre that should have been retired at least five years ago.
0.79 Employs any and all means necessary to get at least a chuckle out of most scenes in the nearly two-hour running time.
0.75 An action comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy as odd-couple cops that rivals Goodfellas for its use of F-bombs and Lethal Weapon for its appealing chemistry.
0.875 From the moment she barrels onto the scene like a cannonball of crudity, McCarthy makes it clear that this movie is hers to make or break. And she knocks it right out of Fenway Park ...
0.6 Bullock and McCarthy have excellent rapport, and there are enough funny moments in their banter to make The Heat a worthy addition to the buddy-cop canon.
0.625 It's not much of a movie - too many spare scenes keep the plot from moving forward, distending an already bloated two-hour running time - but it's a fun ride bolstered by an "anything goes" edge.
0.75 "The Heat" is a good movie and a successful action comedy, and it arrives just in time for Melissa McCarthy... (it) is something of a formula comedy, but it's inspired, too - and the inspiration is in the combining of these two actresses.
0.6 The volatile chemistry between Ms. McCarthy and Ms. Bullock is something to behold, and carries "The Heat" through its lazy conception and slapdash execution.
0.75 The Heat has no right to be as funny as it turns out to be.
0.6 More often than not The Heat is just stupid-funny, which circles us back to McCarthy, motor-mouthing four-letter fury like an operatic aria.
0.75 With so few women afforded the opportunity to steer the course of a movie - any movie, on screen or off - even a formulaic vehicle such as "The Heat" arrives as a surprise and a relief.
0.5 The meeting of McCarthy's stinging zingers and Bullock's practiced exasperation almost justifies The Heat, but it's more of a lob than a fastball.
0.833333333333 ... barely disguised plagiarism conjuring ghosts of buddy-cop movies past, but in the end [Melissa] McCarthy saves the day
0.6 "The Heat" would be a fairly ordinary entry in the female buddy cop genre except ... there is no genre yet. Happily, Melissa McCarthy may single-handedly change that.
0.75 Those two women are lots of fun together.
0.375 A stumbling, aggressively loud and profane cop buddy picture in which Bullock and McCarthy struggle to wring 'funny' out of a script that isn't.
0.75 It's a buddy-cop comedy that deserves to share a locker room with "The Other Guys" and "21 Jump Street."
0.625 With the film, Melissa McCarthy definitively cements her status as a legitimate comic talent, leaving her co-star stumbling behind in her wake.
0.75 If you're going to make a dopey, bawdy, foul-mouthed, predictable lady-buddy-cop movie, you might as well make it funny.
0.6 They know how to work a joke, hit a punchline, and inject just enough character to make it feel three-dimensional. They're reason enough to see The Heat even if one wishes the film around them was up to their talents.
0.5 Is it possible that Melissa McCarthy needs to be more abrasive?
0.5 Good comedy often comes from surprise and creativity, but The Heat tries to get by without them.
0.2 McCarthy is the female equivalent of Adam Sandler, and that's not meant as a compliment.
0.6 A script riddled with buddy cop cliches is saved by the fun dynamic between Bullock and McCarthy.
0.5 An almost uniformly substandard follow-up that, since the original film remains so beloved by so many people, still gets to be disappointing even two decades and change later.
0.75 A little of a rehash but still good.
0.6 Almost as sharp as the first film and only suffering slightly from the inevitable repetitions.
0.375 A terrible disappointment, a shockingly self-satisfied and unforgivably slapdash sequel.
0.5 Feels like a blueprint concocted by the bean-counters at Columbia Pictures.
0.75 Bottom line: with Murray on fire and enough clever dialogue to rival its predecessor, Ghostbusters II is good enough to put post-milennial comedy to shame.
0.6 No one has ever accused Ghostbusters II of being a great film, or even a good one, for that matter
0.4 Best forgotten sequel.
0.8 A loose, assured sequel that has the breezy ambition of simply being fun and likable. And it is.
0.6 A few bright moments thanks to the cast.
0.7 Even the special effects are more to the point of the comedy than they were in the first film. For some reason, this appears to leave more room for the sort of random funny business that Mr. Murray and his friends do best.
0.6 About equal to the original. Neither of them were classics.
0.75 There's plenty to enjoy here and fans of the group won't care about the shortcomings.
0.6 Though some of the bits are funny, this is a film that would probably work for an insider in ways that might go right past an outsider.
0.625 There's some fun to be had, even if Cannes Man never achieves the bulls-eye brilliance of Altman's The Player.
0.3 utterly grating
0.8 Worth every minute of the 17-year wait, The Simpsons Movie confirms Groening's creation as the smartest, funniest, most inventive cartoon in history.
0.8 This re-establishes The Simpsons as the jewel in the crown of American animation.
0.6 It really is a crushing disappointment to report that The Simpsons Movie is merely average by its own lofty standards.
0.8 It's just a shame that it's just a pretty good effort rather than a fantastic one from writers who just could have done that little bit better.
0.7 The Simpsons Movie doesn't ever reach its real potential, but there's enough good material at the start to mostly make up for a draggy second half. Still, if you like the Simpsons on television, you'll like them on the big screen just as well.
0.75 though Homer himself chastises us, near the start of the movie, for paying for something we can watch on TV for free, I consider the money I put down my contribution to Groening's good cause.
0.8 A fitting, relevant and hilarious tribute to a 20-year phenomenon. It's definitely for fans but -- then again -- who isn't a fan?
0.375 It could be I'm missing a lot of the inside humor and subtext. But I think the movie, too, is missing a lot of subtext.
0.7 the writing of the episodes are so brilliant that the big-screen version simply lives up to the show's name
0.8 Hysterically funny, genuinely cinematic -- and you get to see Bart's doodle, too.
0.75 'The Simpsons Movie' only sporadically harnesses the boundless creative energy and satirical edge that earned Groening's series its reputation as one of the most sophisticated comedies in TV history. For fans, however, it is a gift long overdue.
0.7 We barely get a line from Mr. Burns, Moe, Lou and the rest of the bunch, but following Homer J. Simpson is not a bad way to spend an hour and a half of your summer.
0.6 Hardly calls for the emphasis of a feature presentation except that it's a powerful form of market engineering.
0.75 Thankfully, the cinematic adaptation bears a strong resemblance to the great early Simpsons episodes, with a consistent script, nonstop jokes, and lots & lots of Homer.
0.8 If you love the show...you'll love the movie.
0.8 If you combine all important elements into one 87-minute 'PG-13' film, will you have what Comic Book Guy would call the ... Best. Episode. Ever?
0.8 As a full-length cartoon, "The Simpsons Movie" is drawn out - but in a good way.
0.7 Gives us the most evil EPA agent in movies since William Atherton unleashed the minions of Zool on New York City.
0.4 Doh! What a colossal disappointment. The Simpsons Movie has its funny bits but so does the average Marge-centric episode. But this is a highly anticipated 90-minute episode for which audiences have to pay.
0.6 The movie does at least broaden the canvas the story is played out on, but fans expecting to see many of the series' usual haunts -- school, Moe's Tavern, the nuclear plant -- will be disappointed to find that they are merely glimpsed here. For all its sh
0.6 I wanted to like this, but I felt like one of the suckers Homer talks about for paying for something at the theatre that I can watch at home for free.
0.7 Given a choice between seeing this movie and watching three new episodes of the show, I'll take the three new episodes all day long.
0.9 They are still cunning, still a mile-a-minute and still the standard bearers of good, intelligent comedy, animated or otherwise. Give 'em some love - they have more than earned it after 20 years of free shows.
0.6 Maybe the movie is just reaching out for something that saw its heyday five (or even 10) years ago. But oh, what a heyday.
0.5 I can't help but feel that sometimes bigger isn't better.
0.9 Something's rotten in the town of Springfield--Is it any surprise that it traces back to Homer and a giant silo full of pig crap? The Simpsons Movie does the impossible, it turns the brilliant show into a classic movie experience.
0.6 ...like a good episode of the show...
0.6 La primera pelicula de Los Simpson luce como un episodio extendido de hora y media, con todo lo que eso implica: puede lucir un poco excesivo, pero si sos fanatico/a probablemente colme tus expectativas.
0.7 The plot isn't the main reason to see this movie; it's the constant jokes and gags churned out from start to finish.
0.75 For Simpsons fans, the movie is nirvana; for the unfortunate rest of humanity, at least a therapeutic exercise in extreme giggles.
0.75 ...generally manages to capture the energy and charm of the show's best moments...
0.875 Lucky for us, the verbiage sparkles with wit and preposterousness just close enough to reality to make us grind our teeth in the agony of recognition. D'oh, I mean to make us laugh.
0.625 [It is] in the unique and unfair position of having a lot to live up to, and The Simpsons Movie is not quite up to the task.
0.875 For Simpsons fans, seeing Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and baby Maggie on a movie screen must be like watching old friends blown up to the size of Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade floats.
0.75 When Homer tells his wife and kids, 'I've really come to like you guys,' we can't help but agree.
0.9 ...an excellent, delightful piece of collaborative comedy, with enough energy and intelligence to impress anyone who doesn't view its release as an opportunity for ax-grinding.
1.0 While I won't go as far as Comic Book Guy to proclaim it best...film...ever, I will give it my highest rating.
0.875 Crafting a motion picture from a current television series that's been around for nearly two decades is a dicey proposition, but The Simpsons Movie fills the larger dimensions of the theater screen quite nicely.
0.75 All a fan ever asks is for the powers-that-be to take good care of the baby. The Simpsons Movie does this. It doesn't teach the kid French, but it gives us what would be considered a decent episode of the show. Probably a top 50 episode.
0.75 Is it as good as the television show? Yes. Does it have some of the sharp writing from the series' earlier years that has gone missing from the show as of late? Yes.
0.875 Sure, the film is silly -- really silly, but it's a whole lot of fun. Most of all, the characters are as likeable as they are funny, and the dialog is downright delicious.
0.71 It's a winning formula, and maybe that's why the makers of The Simpsons Movie have played it safe with an entertaining but thoroughly unmemorable movie adaptation.
0.6 Not close to the insanely imaginative material from the show's heyday but still funny its own right
0.6 Thank goodness the world can count on Homer's idiocy for a steady stream of laughs.
0.75 Very entertaining, featuring a delicious mix of visual gags, cultural satire, straight-out pratfalls
0.875 D'oh-n't miss this one, Simpsons fans.
0.8 Is it funny? I enjoyed it without actually laughing all that much.
0.75 Brilliant, if belated, but be forewarned that The Simpsons, the movie, is merely The Simpsons, the television show, only on a much bigger screen and in an extended format. You want more, you got more.
0.8 C'est avec grand bonheur que j'ai trouve le plus long des episodes des Simpson le plus drole depuis quelques annees au moins!
0.9 Instead of trying to make the "be-all end-all ultimate mega-Simpsons episode," they went with their proven formula and delivered one of the year's funniest movies.
0.8 The movie's awesome, and I can't wait to see it again.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the hype.
0.875 The movie is never dull and like the best episodes of the series, it is frequently hilarious, rich in visual humor and verbal wit.
0.875 The Simpsons Movie has a higher joke-per-minute ratio than any other movie this year, and I laughed throughout.
0.75 Why PAY for something you can see on TV for FREE? Homer asks. As one of the dolts who shelled out the DO'H, I answer, Because the Simpsons make me laugh.
0.75 The movie occasionally drags, even at a modest 86 minutes, and after 400 episodes it's hard to recapture the early seasons' startling bite. But the throwaway gags fans live for are there.
0.75 Some 10 years after expected, The Simpsons Movie couldn't give a doodle in a doughnut hole about expectations anyway. It may deliver what we've already got, but it leaves no doubt why we got it in the first place.
0.75 Essentially an episode of the long-running Fox hit, just extended and writ larger.
0.625 This one feels incomplete, an underachiever still searching for a real reason to exist beyond enriching a fat franchise.
0.75 A very funny, solidly entertaining movie that, despite its unshakable obsesion with undergarments, is as sweet as a Kwik-E-Mart Squishee.
0.75 In a way, the film is more of a Simpsons celebration than anything else -- the mother of all anniversary episodes.
0.75 It's fun and funny.
0.5 The Simpsons Movie was expected to raise the bar for animated film -- especially 2-D animation. Unfortunately, it's just another example of what could have been.
0.7 If you're a fan, you know you're going to go see The Simpsons Movie. And you'll be happy to know it's worth the money, if not much more.
0.875 It's subversively hilarious as well as strangely touching, and it features a scene in which Homer is directed across the landscape by the twin shadows of a woman's mountainous chest.
0.75 This is The Simpsons which, with its first big-screen effort, is underachieving and proud of it, man.
0.75 The Simpsons concept in feature length is just as reassuringly startling in its nonstop irreverence as the best of the weekly TV droppings.
0.8 The fictional family that has defined satire on the small screen since 1989 has finally found a 'Home, Sweet Home' on the big screen.
0.7 It had to happen. The Simpsons have finally become bona fide movie stars and this hilarious, clever and irreverent film proves it was worth the wait.
0.9 Cleverly conceived and subversive, it's certainly the best Simpsons Movie - so far.
0.6 A feature-length version of the show that has some snazzier animation but otherwise amounts to a decent oversized episode.
0.875 As usual, the humor ranges from the blissfully sophomoric (such as Homer's rendition of a "Spider-Pig" theme song) to the bitingly satirical (such as the appearance of President Schwarzenegger).
0.75 It cannot compete with the series that inspired it, but it can compete with everything else in the multiplex at the moment.
0.7 The outside package can be done up as much as anyone would like it -- bigger, more, shinier -- but ... inside, it's the old familiar gang.
0.8 The Simpsons Movie is everything it has no right to be, based on the past several seasons: it's funny, it's smart, and it pokes fun at exactly the things it should ...
0.9 If you don't have the urge to stand up and cheer as the end credits begin to roll, then you are not who this movie was created for.
0.75 A full-speed-ahead laugh riot for its first 45 minutes, although it loses some of its gusto in the second half.
0.75 While nothing in this motion picture quite matches the television series at its early best, this is more of a throwback than a throw-away. It's wittier and more energetic than anything that has appeared on FOX in quite a few years.
0.875 The pace is breakneck, and the animation -- though still primitive -- makes good use of the full width of the screen.
0.75 A good movie, but also one that betrays the strain of great expectations, a four-episode length, and a 400-episode back catalog.
1.0 Popular culture has never come in for a more thorough, more righteous, pummeling
0.875 The Simpsons Movie is a riot, and still feels fresh and bracing, even if it's also a bit classic and cuddly.
0.9 On par with South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut in the way in which a beloved TV series can be broadened and deepened by the cinematic experience, The Simpsons Movie is a major triumph.
0.8 It's hilarious, though probably not to anyone who hasn't already been watching it on television.
0.5 Feels like yesterday's news. For fans of the television show, wait a few months for the DVD. For everyone else, don't even bother.
1.0 Even the naysayers, the ones who claim that the show hasn't been worth watching since Clinton was in office, will be amazed and delighted by a storyline so strong and funny that it deserves to be ranked among the show's all-time greatest episodes
0.875 The Simpsons remain the archetypal all-ages animated banquet for the mischievous kid in all of us and the cynically academic adult we should all hope to become.
1.0 Could this adventure be as great as jumping Springfield Gorge? Those visits from Sideshow Bob? Ralph choo choo choosing Lisa? Yes. Worst episode ever? No.
0.8 The humor stays irreverent without making the still-running sitcom irrelevant.
0.875 As refreshing a summer tonic as one could hope for.
0.875 This is the one summer movie so far this year that really delivers in a big way. It's got bigger and better action than other bloated blockbusters, and it has bigger and better laughs that any of its comedic competition.
0.875 After 18 seasons, our favorite family finally gets their shot at the big screen in this Woohoo!-worthy adaptation of the beloved animated series.
0.75 The Simpsons Movie is finally here. And guess what? It's funny. But not that funny.
0.875 The film fires on all cylinders, one-liners coming thick and fast.
0.625 It is little more than a reminder, as if one was needed, that Homer is still crazy after all these years and that The Simpsons are a still-reliable laundry line for stupid sight gags and one-liners.
0.875 With its broad range of slapstick and satire, The Simpsons Movie is one of the most successful television-to cinema transplants I've ever seen.
0.625 The flipside of the Bush Admin. being a boon to comics and satirists is that things are so absurd now that almost nothing we could dream of could actually be more absurd.
0.7 Even casual Simpsons fans will find plenty to chortle over, right through the closing credits. There are plenty of Hollywood comedies that can't say the same.
0.625 That the show hasn't sailed off into the seas of complacency after all these years is a miracle. But the movie feels a little complacent and stuck.
0.75 There's something about the Simpsons that's radical and simple at the same time, subversive and good-hearted, offensive without really meaning to be. It's a nice balancing act.
0.875 The result is two-tiered humor, broad enough to appeal to anybody but overlaid with jokes that will be funnier if you know the show.
0.75 Go on, sucker, buy your ticket.
0.625 The long-awaited Simpsons feature film does not eat my shorts. Doesn't set 'em on fire, either.
0.75 Since The Simpsons Movie took longer to build than the Taj Mahal, you want it to be a comic masterpiece, and it isn't. But it is a consistently funny, smart animated film.
0.875 If you like the TV show, you're going to love the movie.
0.75 No one will be bored with the feature film, but everyone who knows the show well will have a nagging feeling that something is missing.
0.875 ...may be less potty-mouthed than South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut, but it takes aim at its middle-American milieu with a towel-snapping glee that is just as effective in reducing its audience to cheerfully willing victims.
0.75 The Simpsons Movie is comparatively minor. But it's hard not to like it. And in both senses of the phrase, America keeps asking for it.
0.625 Oversold as a story suitable only for the big screen and lacking a raised-stakes mindset, it's still a moderately funny magnification of what's made the show tick and tickle for 18 years. Plus, it proves Illinois is home to the one true Springfield.
1.0 ...a conclusive portrait of the dysfunctional American family - stuck with each other and, deep down, OK with it.
1.0 The vocal work is so finely honed by the cast of regulars, that the acting conveys a timing and skill rarely encountered in even the best live-action comedies.
0.7 An expansive visual style that makes it worth seeing on the big screen, even if the story feels like a specially extended episode.
0.6 The big screen version is as good as three better-than-average episodes of the TV show, even if it doesn't quite hit the heights it's capable of.
1.0 The plot is as hilariously bombastic as the ones boob-tube producers used to spin off onto the big screen before they discovered the concept of the Very Special Episode.
0.625 There is so much gusto, such a willingness to go for broke and not look back [in the first act], that it seems too good to be true. As is often the case with such situations, it is.
0.75 Yes, The Simpsons Movie is funny enough to make you get off the couch and put down the Duff.
1.0 A grand entrance into widescreen for the greatest television show... ever.
0.625 The movie isn't a disaster, just a disappointment.
0.5 Homer addresses the audience at the beginning and calls us all suckers. Funny 'cause it's true.
0.75 The good news is, The Simpsons Movie is just like the TV show, whereas the bad news is, it's just like the TV show.
0.875 The movie's ultimate message is about family, and its most basic promise -- to make us laugh -- is one it delivers on more reliably than any of the other big movies this summer.
0.4 You chuckle here and there, you enjoy the animation (given a bit more pep and computery dimension for the big screen), but the moment it takes off never comes.
0.8 At last, Matt Groening's brilliant creation has arrived in cinemas, dated only in the sense that we all know it began in 1990, but otherwise terrifically funny and contemporary.
0.6 Funny, clever and at times even hilarious... But sadly, it's also a minor movie and never more inspiring than the sum of its admittedly witty parts.
0.75 These bold yellow characters continue to verify our strength as people, families, and a nation, and their agelessness continues to stress that their journey, like ours, is an eternal act of learning.
0.8 We knew all along they had it in them to become movie stars.
1.0 With a hearty 'Woo-hooo' and no 'doh' spared, The Simpsons make the journey from small screen to big with their subversive wit, their wanderlust and their sentimental streak entirely intact.
0.8 The Simpsons Movie does not feel at sea on the big screen and, crucially, it is very funny.
0.4 For all its failures in other areas - a bloated, heavy farce, or a character comedy full of generally tedious cartoons - its abysmal shortcomings as a musical are the saddest.
1.0 A magical, old-fashioned musical.
1.0 It is a work of great entertainment, a product of an era when people looked up at a screen and saw movies instead of cinema.
0.5 It doesn't escape the overproduction trap, not by a long shot.
0.8 Splashy Kelly production with a too-young Streisand...but she's stunning.
0.5 More infamous for bringing Fox financially to its knees than for being the last major musical directed by Gene Kelly, Dolly! is one big-assed bull in a china shop.
0.4 Hello, Dolly! is one of those films from the late sixties that helped nail down the coffin lid on musicals.
0.6 Kelly managed to turn out a film that combined the worst elements of canned theater with the sillier excesses of the musical film.
0.8 This is the movie that established Barbra as truly incomparable.
0.2 De tao ruim, torna-se divertido. Com o perdao do trocadilho: onde Milland estava com a cabeca quando aceitou participar desta coisa?
0.4 Full of sex and bathroom humor. Not for kids.
0.5 ...doesn't so much try to send up other spy films as it tries to one-up its own predecessor in this second go-round.
0.8 It's gone from being a hip little party to being a big bash where the stars turn out.
0.5 By the end, Spy recycles its own gags, not just ones from the first movie.
0.625 In ways better than the original, 'The Spy Who Shagged Me' is a rehash of the same story with new cast members and new takes on familiar jokes.
0.5 Something of mixed reaction, a movie in which Myers remains an influencing screen presence, but the script doesn't do him justice.
0.5 Packed with gags - some clever, many lame and almost all puerile - the film has too many dead spots between the laughs, and I caught myself checking my watch almost as often as I chuckled.
0.625 Too many scenes end on a flat note!
0.5 Absent are the freshness and spontaneity that characterized the original.
0.5 When a satirical comedy loses its sense of discovery, there's not much reason for it to exist.
0.5 After seeing his second adventure, you have to wonder how many times the same jokes can be played out before they start to overstay their welcome.
0.625 Scatological doesn't even begin to describe it. Heather Graham is crap too.
0.625 Another scattershot adventure with a few good chuckles but not quite as funny as it believes it is--or should be.
0.6 Too long even if it were twice as funny.
0.7 Clever, witty, enjoyable, fun and almost as fresh and original as the first one!
0.8 Really, really funny!
0.875 Shagged serves up at least 25 guffaws and a lot more mojo than most comedies!
0.7 I laughed like a fool!
0.625 Overall, actor Mike Myers did an absolutely smashing job with this light-weight script while playing three roles to boot.
0.8 An action-packed and energetic ode to the 60s, and every spy movie ever made.
1.0 A strong stand alone comedy, and a welcome return to the screen for fans of Mike Myers' work!
0.8 It's a summer flick that more than delivers on its promise, and becomes a better chapter than its predecessor.
0.6 Despite an oversupply of bathroom jokes and scattered scenes that play like outtakes, this is still a crafty, intermittently hilarious comedy.
0.8 Gibson keeps this movie afloat.
0.75 Mel Gibson is at his most megawatt movie star charming.
0.8 Though it isn't quite Oscar material, Mel Gibson gives what may be the most entertaining big-star performance of its year.
0.75 What Women Want may seem like a one-note sitcom sort of movie, but it's funnier and a layer or two deeper than that.
0.5 Takes a promising idea and buries it under subplots and speeches that don't know when to quit.
0.625 ...is there some clause written into [Helen Hunt's] contract that says she must have a scene in which she cries?
0.6 The premise for What Women Want sounds like, and is, the dumbest thing going.
0.8 Lo que ellas quieren es una comedia ligera que narra lo que todos los hombres quisiramos saber: Qu rayos piensan las mujeres?
0.4 Falha como comedia, como drama e como romance.
0.25 What a piece of tripe (no offense to tripe)!
0.3 Mel Gibson won't rest until you love him as much as he loves himself.
0.75 Nancy Meyers' wry What Women Want is all kinds of better than Nora Ephron's coincidence-laden Meg Ryan comedies...
0.75 certainly funny and entertaining, but it also strikes at some deeper truths about the contemporary state of male-female relationships.
0.59 This movie doesn't pretend to be substantial, but it's still just barely passable as light fare.
0.75 Un guion inteligente y honesto muestra como ambos lados del universo humano son totalmente diferentes entre si, complementarios y sumamente complejos
0.5 ...does not come across as effective as it might have...
0.625 Mel Gibson's roguish advertising executive showcases his hitherto second-tier romantic comedy talents that borrow a whimsical wink from Maverick.
0.6 This woman wants to have a long talk with the writer of this film.
0.75 boldly goes where other romantic-comedies have only flirted -- straight into the heads of women.
0.75 It's a romantic comedy with a distinctly modern, delicate but sharp, satirical cutting edge.
0.625 It's lopsided, lighthearted escapism that's as breezy as the wind -- and about as substantial.
0.5 Only Tomei's thoughts sound like actual thinking.
0.75 It's not boring and is often very funny, as in a solo dance that Nick does in his apartment, to Frank Sinatra singing 'I Won't Dance.'
0.4 Meyer's direction is ham-fisted ... and the script's sexual politics are so sniggeringly anachronistic that Rock Hudson and Doris Day would be shocked.
0.4 The film just never really does much with its initial great concept.
0.5 Fans of bubbly romances can consider this a thumbs up. I call it a clenched-teeth concession at best.
0.5 If the movie had the courage to show that women are complex people, it would be a much more inspired picture.
0.55 Meyers' women have precious little on their minds.
0.4 It says a lot about this film that the most moving moment it provides is a Nike commercial for female runners created by the real-life Weiden-Kennedy Agency.
0.8 A wonderfully sweet comedy which I would definitely pay to see again.
0.8 Gibson is sheer heaven in the movie.
0.5 Where Groundhog Day stretched its one joke into several branches of hilarity, What Women Want stares its singular premise into the abyss of mediocrity.
0.5 When the movie gets heavy-handed about how [Gibson's] becoming a better person, all the comedy disappears and what's left is swimming in mawkishness and bogus sentimentality.
0.9 The only complaint possible is that it is such a heart-warming story that you don't want it to stop.
0.75 It's most productive to view it for what it is -- a romantic comedy that is as entertaining as it is inconsequential.
0.6 A conventional, sappy romantic comedy, a retread of the usual relationships explored by the film industry.
0.4 Doesn't take many risks or explore any new territory.
0.5 A film with a truly fascinating and clever premise that nevertheless collapses under the weight of everything that surrounds the central storyline.
0.4 It's material we've seen before and the few oddball stamps feel painfully forced. It's not even good for a cry, dammit. At least these family dramas are usually good for a cry!
0.375 As deadly as its funereal subject matter.
0.5 Steve Howey, as a stoner-sage gay Hawaiian personal trainer, almost makes this worth watching all by himself.
0.375 Contains an excess of self-impressed quirkiness that serves no real purpose and goes nowhere.
0.6 Ryan Reynolds shines in Marjane Satrapi's surreal portrait of an American psycho.
0.5 "The Voices" has a lot going for it, but, sadly, its blend of terror and farce strikes a disingenuous chord.
0.8 By playing with storytelling rules, almost to the point of madness, Satrapi has elicited sympathy for the devil.
0.4 Swerving between pink-hued small-town satire and visceral gore, The Voices aims for the ghoulish humour of Eating Raoul or Parents - and, for the most part, misses.
0.8 The unusual mix of laughs, lunacy and a touch of melancholy ensures The Voices will stick in your head.
0.2 It's wretchedly unfunny and tonally erratic, the striking production design notwithstanding.
0.6 The film is gory, odd (with its scenes of talking animals and severed heads in fridges), horribly uneven but intermittently very funny in its own tasteless, grand-guignol fashion.
0.2 It is an overwhelmingly dislikable film, an intensely unfunny and unscary horror-comedy about a serial killer played by Ryan Reynolds on his most irritating form.
0.6 Full-force performance form Ryan Reynolds but not as funny as it hopes it is.
0.6 At least Reynolds looks like a man finding his way to take risks once more.
0.8 Reynolds has never been more charming or spine-chilling - often simultaneously - in what is a genuinely multifaceted tragicomic performance.
0.2 Its grisly parts lack any actual suspense, digressions towards serious pathos are embarrassing, and the parts it plays for tongue-in-cheek irony lack any actual wit.
0.8 Satrapi's bold, bright and entertaining creation is laced with a pitch-black, sometimes truly sick sense of humour; it's wrong on many levels but that's also what makes it so right.
0.8 Utterly bonkers, this movie confounds any attempt to categorise it, blending comedy, romance, horror and drama to become a true one-off...
0.75 Think of this stylish, quirky and quite grisly feature from Marjane Satrapi as a meeting of Psycho, Dexter and Dr. Doolittle.
0.5 The movie has to be taken at face value: As a wacky and unsettling jaunt into sheer madness.
0.625 Once it's decided that anything might be unreal, there are so many more places the narrative might have gone.
0.75 Casting Ryan Reynolds as a small-town geek who has trouble getting a date may seem as pointless as taking a loving cup to a Leafs game, but the bright-eyed Canadian star makes this dark, dark comedy twinkle with offbeat appeal.
0.875 The Voices has its share of shocks, but the greatest of all may be the combination of star and director.
0.8 A deeply warped, darkly funny and thoroughly depraved horror comedy. Ryan Reynolds gives one of his best performances.
0.75 The film presents an askew world that blends bright kitsch and a pop sensibility with the main character's dark inner life. Ryan Reynolds pulls off the challenge.
0.7 Like Satrapi's other films,The Voices is stylish, striking, and lively.
0.6 Satrapi's visual touches, like the pink of the warehouse and Jerry's bowling alley home (with its alternate fantasy-reality decorating), are both funny and melancholy.
0.7 It's a delicate balance making us care about a deranged killer, but Reynolds succeeds with his warm-hearted, anxious performance.
0.75 I've always liked Reynolds for the most part, but he does his best work yet here in Satrapi's odd, pitch-black comedy about a man who talks to his dog and cat. And they talk back.
0.95 Appealing to look at, grotesque to bite into, and absolutely genius.
0.7 Thirty years ago, during the height of the VHS boom, a movie like The Voices would be considered an envelope-pushing, clever cult classic
0.75 Simultaneously bizarre, humorous, disturbing and suspenseful.
0.0 A few big stars working in a minor key, a bit of macabre indie-film quirk, and presto! Instant junk.
0.6 A flawed but amusing dark comedy that plays like a delightfully strange mix between Doctor Dolittle and American Psycho.
0.75 A genre-blending exploration of mental illness and murder, every one of its facets, from theme to tone to imagination, ratcheted up to the nth degree.
0.75 Ryan Reynolds is chillingly perfect as a nice-guy factory worker struggling with schizophrenia and murderous impulses in this tonally wild indie, which is nearly too horrifying to be funny - but not quite.
0.75 Fanciful, sweetly unbalanced and just right for the part, Mr. Reynolds gives his best performance in years.
0.6 When [Ryan Reynolds' Jerry] hacks people into crimson mush we don't get glory shots of the gore. It's just not that kind of midnight movie.
0.125 For most of the film's running time, one mistakes the main character's callousness for the filmmakers'.
0.75 Ryan Reynolds finally flourishes in a twisted turn ... His comic chops on full display, he chews the well-designed, color-coordinated scenery.
0.625 A seriously quirky piece of work...
0.6 The Voices is a complete and utter mess - that said, I'm glad that it exists. It would take a stickler to begrudge the world of cinema something this odd
0.8 It's a genuine delight.
0.5 The cast (including Reynolds) is terrific, and the direction is occasionally inspired, but in the end THE VOICES is far too morbid to work as a comedy.
0.9 A loopy, ghastly, funny, morbid and unforgettable 100 minutes
0.6 The bolts are loose, the belts won't fasten and Satrapi's disreputable little creepshow finally doesn't amount to a hill of beans. Maybe that's fine.
0.8 Even with the talking cat, this movie is a lot more realistic than 'Silver Linings Playbook.'
0.6 Were we pleased or frightened? Pleased, John.
0.6 Technically gorgeous... But it's such a wreck of tone and intellect.
1.0 Wildly inventive, exceptionally cast and undeniably controversial, there's an endless list of subtexts and viewpoints which will fuel student pub debates for years.
0.75 Blistering, hallucinatory, often brilliant, the film by David Fincher is a combination punch of social satire and sociopathology.
0.625 A movie that wants to keep its audience unsettled from beginning to end.
0.8 There's many levels of brilliance to this film, from the script to the acting to the cinematography to the overall directing.
0.8 Lurid, twisted, and violent. Not for kids.
0.75 where Taxi Driver sees the fallacy in canonizing Travis Bickle, Fight Club does it without irony.
0.86 The last great male-centric movie of the last millennium just arrived on a spectacular new Blu-ray disc for its 10th anniversary, providing the opportunity to relish every aspect of David Fincher's ultimate dissection of Gen-X masculinity. Fight Club</
0.875 A complex, confused look at life in late-'90s America, David Fincher's blood-black comedy Fight Club remains one of the most divisive pictures of the past 20 years.
1.0 Fight Club is still today a definitive film, a statement as strong as any rock anthem and twice as packed with power chords.
1.0 One of the seminal films of the 1990s...just as darkly funny, epic, and psychically wrenching as ever. [Blu-ray]
0.6 May also be yet another example of a book that was just fine as a book -- that didn't need to be made into a film.
0.625 I don't mind a film with a surprise ending but, rather than enhancing the film, the climactic revelation in Fight Club cancels out everything previously seen. In fact, the bitter end of the film is a hypocritical cop-out.
0.8 It might not be as controversial as it was back in 1999, but it's definitely just as relevant.
1.0 One of the greatest films ever made
0.77 In the future, all manner of society's ills in the future will be blamed on this movie. [But] this is a film that exposes evil, not one that glorifies it.
0.625 It's a movie with all the warmth of a refrigerated meat locker at midnight. And who wants to hang around there?
0.75 This is a strange, agonized film--a darkly comic end-of-the-millennium fable with unforgettable performances and visuals. The writing is tight, smart and edgy; there's no question it hits a chord with our consumer-crazed lifestyle.
0.5 If it had all continued in the vein explored in the first act, it might have become a great film. But the second act is pandering and the third is trickery.
0.7 What puts the fight in Fight Club is Fincher's visual wizardry.
0.8 Fight Club is not just a movie, but a wake up call to a disenfranchised generation sick of being told by advertising what to drive, wear, buy, smoke, drink and eat in order to be cool.
1.0 [Jack's] search may not necessarily be over at the end, but a new one by the audience may have commenced. Any film that makes you question yourself must be doing something right.
1.0 Rock-'em, sock-'em, sharp satire is among the best films of the '90s.
1.0 An absolutely amazing movie, as subversive as it gets. It's a wonder it ever got made, especially by a major studio.
1.0 Delivers a sucker punch to the audience and then pulls the rug out from under it. It is sensational.
1.0 Um retrato perturbador da inquietacao do homem moderno.
1.0 Fischner's ability to subvert expectation by delivering such an ultimately positive message is the film's greatest achievement.
0.9 La pelicula es visualmente impresionante, pero es tambien impresionante en si...
1.0 Its effectiveness lies in the timing of shock moments that invariably threaten to make you laugh, despite the political incorrectness of it all.
0.875 Norton's performance is just shy of brilliant
0.8 An incendiary, psychotic film surely guaranteed to polarize both critics and audiences alike
0.875 This is movie that sears the nerves, that immediately draws a line in the dirt and demands that you stand on one side or the other.
0.2 If you like movies like "NBK" and "RD" then you must see this movie. If you don't have a strong stomach and don't like violence. Stay home. Trust me on this.
1.0 A funny, powerful, flashy, tragic film that plays with your perceptions and with your preconceptions about movies and society.
0.8 The director of Seven and The Game for the first time finds subject matter audacious enough to suit his lightning-fast visual sophistication, and puts that style to stunningly effective use.
1.0 The Fight Club is a memorable and superior motion picture - a rare movie that does not abandon insight in its quest to jolt the viewer.
0.9 Fight Club is a fast paced rush of adrenaline boasting amazing performances from both Pitt and Norton.
0.75 This movie is dangerous.
0.75 Simply rough and thick! Even though it loses punch during its extended running time it is still a vibrant contribution to the film world
0.9 It has a power that cannot be denied. And its misogyny is only skin deep.
0.8 An extremely well-made but rather muddle-headed film that delivers a solid blow to the belly, yet does not stand up to rigorous intellectual examination.
0.9 A thought-provoking mind-bender, a wake-up punch to our collective solar plexus.
0.75 [Fincher's] stunning visual style carries the film well past its faults.
0.875 Fight Club's long setup is the funniest stuff Fincher has ever directed, and it hits its corporate, materialistic target with better accuracy than Mike Judge's Office Space.
0.9 This movie is almost hypnotically weird, and I liked it for that very reason. Not everyone will.
0.75 The Fight Club is an awesome man flick. Sorry girlies.
0.8 Director Fincher knows atmosphere, and atmosphere is what you get.
0.75 Cinematic pop art
0.75 Dares to question American values in the most inventive ways since Dr. Strangelove.
1.0 See it or I'll have to fight you in the parking lot after work!
0.75 Vision de los peligros psicologicos en los que podemos caer gracias a nuestra tecnificada sociedad
0.875 A challenging piece of work, a film demanding that its viewers look past what's on its surface and find something deeper.
0.8 Dark, brutal and very funny, Fight Club is one of the most mesmerizing films to come along in quite a while.
0.9 Fight Club combines a physical rush with an intelligent script and features wonderful performances of sharply-defined characters.
0.875 The brightly written script by Jim Uhls literally bursts with memorable lines that will have you laughing and thinking.
1.0 A bracing, mesmerizing, bitterly funny and deeply unsettling fable.
1.0 The cool charisma of Norton and Pitt is ... vital in seducing us, and both actors carry themselves confidently while speaking their dialogue with tough, throaty assurance.
1.0 Hardcore masterpiece.
0.7 The film may be violent and funny, but it's never simple.
0.9 See this film with a friend so you can console one another afterwards.
0.9 Fincher delves once again into the bowels of our uber-psyche -- quite literally in the propulsive, Dust Brothers-scored opening credits sequence -- and announces that a lot of us are walking very close to the edge.
0.875 Fincher, the director of Seven, leads you down a murky winding path of dark, dank cellars and alleys in which water drips incessantly and blood and sweat flow and coalesce as if choreographed by a Balanchine.
1.0 Physical violence may give the initial sting, but it's the film's psychological violence that leaves the lasting impression.
0.75 A real go-for-the-throat satire tracking the rising tide of rage in America.
0.25 Bloody mess of a guy film loses its battle to have any real meaning.
0.8 Director David Fincher has solidified a place for himself as the penultimate director of the 90's.
0.375 Instead of a nasty story with life lessons, what we have is testosterone-driven lunatics who enjoy pain, the sight of blood, and hearing bones crunch. David Cronenberg might have succeeded with the material -- David Fincher doesn't.
0.3 If the first rule of Fight Club is 'Nobody talks about Fight Club,' a fitting subsection might be 'Why would anyone want to?'
0.6 ...an incredibly brutal and pretentious film ostensibly about alienation in a modern desensitized world, a black comedy that entertains only on the most superficial level.
0.5 Taking every scene on an individual basis, it is often madly brilliant, but put it all together, and it is a pretentious, incoherent mess.
0.8 A misguided but visually entrancing film that works better as satire.
0.25 Director Eberhardt does nothing to elevate this from being anything other than a boring TV movie, and I'm sure if Kurt Russell wasn't in it, that's exactly where it would have premiered.
0.4 Forced Kurt Russell, Marty Short comedy.
0.4 Kurt Russell is the only thing that makes this movie tolerable - and just barely at that.
0.4 As bad as it sounds.
0.4 The scenery is pretty but the movie never makes one wish to be in it.
0.375 A real mess.
0.375 Endless scenes of pointless buffoonery and crashing cars.
1.0 Another time, another planet.
0.2 Buy the soundtrack and rent the one with Belushi.
0.2 Easily one of the most worthless, shameless, and unnecessary sequels ever concocted. Not even the music can save it.
0.2 Landis apparently lost almost any trace of inspiration or creativity.
0.4 The greatest car crash ever, but not a funny movie.
0.4 Not bad. Too bad it's not good, either.
0.8 Virtually worthless without the music. But the music's so good, it doesn't matter.
0.625 Like the original, it's a rambling wreck of a movie that's more fun than it deserves to be.
0.5 Once upon a time, it was funny.
0.6 There's a lot of music in Blues Brothers 2000, and it's great stuff.
0.25 It makes an audience pay for every two seconds of pleasure with 10 seconds of pain.
0.5 The main problem is the absence of a similar focus on the music, replaced by a more cynical attempt to re-create the past.
0.2 Belushi is rolling in his grave, can't you feel it?
0.375 If simply copying the original Blues Brothers wasn't bad enough, writers Aykroyd and John Landis dumb it down, removing any memorable characters, and replacing them with flashy, but unbelievable, magical gimmicks.
0.2 Joins the collection of unfunny Saturday Night Live alumnus and never-should-have-been-made sequels.
0.8 Enjoyable sequel, if belated and needless.
0.625 The pacing is good, no scene is so long that it bogs down, and there are enough musical interruptions to keep things humming along.
0.75 The film celebrates the blues with style and affection.
0.6 Everything bar the musical numbers is stolen from the original film, and comes across as desperately lackluster...
0.9 If one gag doesn't do it for you, surely the next one will.
0.5 While the comedic scenes are hopelessly inept, Landis again shows a deft hand with the staging of the musical numbers, which should provide fans with a good enough reason to see the movie.
0.75 A fabulous concert film with incredibly bad patter between the songs.
0.75 Blues Brothers 2000 isn't anywhere close to the landmark its predecessor was, but it's still enjoyable.
0.5 'I always thought there was another story to be told,' Landis says in the film's notes. Fine; then tell one.
0.375 A thoroughly and pervasively disagreeable followup...
0.6 Offers a wacky portrait of the sexual foibles of men.
0.25 4 stars for bad-movie buffs, 1 star for the rest of humanity.
0.375 This is, without exaggeration, one of the single worst films ever made, which hasn't prevented it from becoming a cult classic.
0.0 Who knew this would be the pinnacle of Pia Zadora's career?
0.6 Adults may find it obvious and as square-cut as cheese. But let's face it. From now till you-know-when, the youngsters are all that matter.
0.5 White Christmas on a red planet, and not as bad as some people insist.
0.2 shot in that hopeless, bad filmmaking style ... with the delayed, artificial rhythm of a trans-Atlantic phone call
0.0 Low expectations met.
0.6 I can't help it I love it!
0.8 Classic Crap
0.2 The plot, such as it is, proves it is possible to insult the intelligence of a three-year-old.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.5 This is an affair to forget.
0.75 Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it's worth.
0.625 Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches.
0.5 There are a few quality moments, but this fairy tale is far from enchanting.
0.5 Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill.
0.625 Attal doesn't illuminate Vincent's motives for straying, and unwisely suggests Vincent's philandering and Gabrielle's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent.
0.75 In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord, Yvan Attal's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife.
0.875 Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say, 'I do,' marriage is all child's play: jealousy, lies and pure, unconditional love. Perplexing, but not a bad option.
0.5 There's nothing much wrong with the film; my complaint is that there's nothing much right about it.
0.75 The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland, mistranslated title. But the filmmaking? Very exciting.
0.75 Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood, using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions.
0.875 Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close.
0.75 This is a fetching piece of work, both comical and savvy, and Gainsborough's brisk, forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity.
0.875 A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward.
0.5 The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she's been given to play.
0.6 Like the story, the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose, fluid and intent on discovery; it lets characters' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure.
0.625 None of these men, unfortunately, is a very compelling character.
0.5 Attal's characters are one-note position statements, which forces the unsubtle soundtrack...to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings.
0.625 There's little you haven't seen in any number of French flicks, but then, most of them didn't have Gainsbourg.
0.875 This is terrific filmmaking.
0.5 Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker's previous My Wife Is An Actress.
0.6 A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends.
0.55 Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle [Charlotte Gainsbourg] are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men.
0.6 Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters.
0.5 The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances.
0.8 The film is cocktail of comedy and heist with a large shot of social realism.
0.8 Slipping back and forth between drama and comedy, The Angels' Share initially seems shaggy and unstructured, but that's part of its appeal.
0.6 Mingling the peaty scent of Scottish street life with a distilled take on unemployed, at-risk youth, director Ken Loach serves up a surprisingly upbeat cocktail thanks to a subplot involving rare whisky.
0.625 Despite its ultimate sense of optimism, the Glasgow-set dramedy nevertheless carries a sense of foreboding. And yet, that might not have been the intention.
0.87 ...a low key and rather marvelous, sweet-natured heist movie
0.875 As unlikely a fable of redemption as any that Hollywood might deliver, elevated by Loach's insistence on naturalism.
0.6 A surprisingly warm and heartfelt film about a flawed criminal struggling to start a new life after the birth of his first child.
0.5 The result is a sometimes gritty, occasionally charming Highland hybrid, but the final balance feels slightly off-kilter.
0.75 Loach takes us through the mysteries of whisky making, exploring the subtle tastes and scents in ways that will have audiences wishing they had a dram at hand. But a glass also serves more symbolic purposes ...
0.75 If you want to look for it, you'll find a layer of metaphor (the distilling process as a symbol of the characters' evolution) and social-realist commentary amid the gentle, life-affirming laughs.
0.75 Drink it up!
0.4 The title, by the way, refers to the distillation process: the 2% of whisky that evaporates in the barrel is known as "the angel's share." I'm afraid there's more than 2% evaporation going on in Loach's latest.
0.6 Much like a stiff drink at the end of a long day, "The Angels' Share" gets the job done, but you're probably not going to remember it in the morning.
0.6 Loach's realism lends an easygoing, ramshackle quality to the film that smoothes over any lack of tightness.
0.6 Director Ken Loach's latest glimpse of the U.K. underclass is really two rather different movies, either of which I would've enjoyed on their own. But they don't really fit together in any satisfying or even logical way.
0.75 A fairy tale with its feet firmly on the ground.
0.75 Whether Robbie pulls off his caper should be left for the audience to discover. But Loach's great cinematic switcheroo goes off almost without a hitch.
0.5 While it has some likable characters, particularly its charismatic lead, it's impossible to shake the feeling that we've seen this movie before.
0.875 A lark, but it's a serious-minded lark, addressing issues of class and culture, the haves and have-nots.
0.75 Charming enough to satisfy even the trenchant-commentary crowd.
0.8 The usual Loachian elements are all in place, but there is a gentle spirit at work here as well, and not just the alcoholic spirits around which the plot revolves.
0.82 The Angels' Share is a stellar bit of activist cinema with a light touch.
0.875 The plot thickens, but the mood grows lighter.
0.875 Unexpectedly, and blithely, amusing.
0.7 Sweet-natured and high-spirited, it's a fanciful fable with a wee dash of magical realism.
0.8 Although the English director Ken Loach has been making socially conscious movies for close to 50 years, this shaggy comedy unfolds like the work of a young man on a lark.
0.75 Like the spirit it celebrates, "The Angel's Share" is a neat little jolt of pleasure - and guaranteed to leave you feeling just a mite warmer.
0.875 While a few farcical moments fizzle, it's mostly charming.
0.7 "The Angels' Share" leaves a warm glow.
0.7 With The Angels' Share, Ken Loach expertly combines a handful of genres which congeal into an often funny, always charming affair that serves as a salute to whisky to boot.
0.6 Watching it is like receiving a hard slap in the face from someone who expects you to laugh it off, even though the sting lingers.
0.8 While there's no ignoring the social ills that haunt Robbie's hopes, the movie's optimism serves as a cheeky, and surprisingly inspiring, retort.
0.3 Just how is one supposed to react, in 2013, to a non-ironic use of the Proclaimers' "(I'm Gonna Be) 500 Miles" in a musical montage?
0.6 Loach coaxes an endearingly poised performance out of nonprofessional Brannigan, and largely sells these scuffling characters as neither hopeless nor heroic-just terribly human.
0.8 Loach's best film since The Wind That Shakes the Barley.
0.5 Ken Loach's breezy scribble about lowlife redemption and drunken buffoonery isn't so much heavy-handed as it is charmingly weightless.
0.875 Loach's realism always carries a distinct sense of humor, volatility and, most alarmingly in this hypercapitalist new century, a socialist passion for The People.
0.6 This is as close to a feel-good film as [director] Ken Loach gets, yet he never loses sight or touch with the reality he is so brilliant at capturing on camera.
0.8 The Angels' Share is the charming story of four Scottish criminals who find redemption - if not exactly rehabilitation - through alcohol. It may not seem like the typical logline for a heart-warmer; it seems about right for a Ken Loach flick.
0.8 Loach brings a warm-hearted poignancy to this feel-good tale of the more disadvantaged in society who, miraculously, find redemption.
0.9 I loved this. I walked out of this film just really filled with delight. Ken Loach is such a socially conscious filmmaker.
0.8 The film has a rough and ready look, but the charm of its battler characters shines through and there's plenty to relish here, even though the plot gets more and more improbable the further it proceeds.
0.6 [Loach's] latest collaboration with screenwriter Paul Laverty proves the pair can pull off a genre entertainment with aplomb when in the mood.
0.6 Finds room for some well-earned warm fuzzies.
0.8 If I had to make a comparison, I'd say it is an unlikely pairing of Green Street Hooligans and Sideways.
0.8 The redemptive path is paved with laughter and charm, mixes mirth with tears beautifully
0.8 It has a spellbinding heft of charm, carrying itself just like a fine whiskey - warm, a little sweet, and unequivocally a joy to return to time and time again.
0.8 The feel-good comedy of the summer. Who knew?
0.6 Brannigan is an engaging lead and Henshaw offers light relief, but director Ken Loach, famous for his social realism, and regular writer Paul Laverty struggle to find a balance between the film's comic and serious elements.
0.8 A wee heart-warming dram of Scots spirit ... a rich fermentation of the best of British comedy filmmaking with a greater social agenda.
0.8 It is an uplifting tale of redemption with a hint of politics, which is not overstated.
0.8 Nowhere in the movie is reality short-changed for story effect.
0.6 Another likeable but uneven comedy in the vein of Looking For Eric, [Loach's] 2009 film starring Eric Cantona.
0.4 The time is ripe for a great Ken Loach film. If only Ken Loach was up for making one.
0.8 Newcomer Brannigan is a real find, though his dramatic weight is splendidly countered by the scene-stealing Maitland who provides one of the film's two unforgettable, can't-believe-he-did-that moments.
0.6 The scenes where The Angels' Share unexpectedly becomes a surprisingly-tense and innovative heist movie are much more fun than the averagely tiresome bank robbery drama.
0.8 Ken Loach goes full-on feel-good with this enjoyable, rough-edged and well acted comedy drama that's by turns moving, suspenseful and laugh-out-loud funny.
0.6 Like good whisky, Loach is mellowing and becoming subtler with age - though a swift chug still has a bit of a kick.
0.7 Oddly structured like a whisky tasting, this film cycles through moods from the first taste to the full flavour to the final kick.
0.8 The Angels' Share is Loach at his most playful and invigorating.
0.4 Something's gone wrong when a would-be cheerful comedy leaves you feeling as if a condescending finger has been wagged in your face.
0.8 Like a subtly blended malt, this mixes light and dark to create one of Loach's most life-affirming tales. Funny, frank and it won't give you a splitting hangover.
0.8 This is British comedy at its warmest and most pleasurable; cask strength, unfiltered and neat.
0.75 This is an unusual movie, especially when you look back and realize how usual it seemed going in.
0.5 Helen Hunt tries to soften her image with this vanity project, but the whole affair is a little too on-the-nose to offer big laughs or surprises
0.8 Mom gets her groove back in charming, not-too-edgy drama.
0.6 While the subject matter in Ride is a bit rote, the performances and zing-a-minute dialogue keep this low budget picture above water.
0.75 Hunt has a long history in comedy, but Ride reveals that she can direct it as well as perform it.
0.625 Occasionally engaging, Ride suffers from being desperate to please, overwrought and overwritten with sitcom-style shenanigans backed up by a goofily chirpy score.
0.4 Here's the thing about playing someone who's tiresome and unpleasant: You run the risk of creating a movie that's tiresome and unpleasant.
0.5 There are good things in it, but Ms. Hunt is smart, observant and bright enough to make films that resonate with more freshness than this. Maybe next time.
0.4 It's hard to miss the irony of Jackie counseling her son over how story endings should feel "surprising but inevitable" in a movie that's all inevitability and no surprise.
0.75 "Ride'' sounds a bit like a Lifetime movie, but in Hunt's capable hands it's a brisk, funny and touching comedy for boomers.
0.8 Anyone sniffing that "Ride" looks like wish fulfillment for women of a certain age would do well to consider how many wretched films we sit through in the name of wish fulfillment for young men; a little equality in entertainment goes a long way.
0.25 Throughout, Helen Hunt obsequiously tends to her character's evolution as a parent through a flagrant indulgence of sitcom-ish scenarios.
0.7 Miracles surpass all human power to understand them; that's why we call them miracles.
1.0 Mortensen is meticulous and mesmerising, as a man who simply keeps going when all logic seems to be deserting his experience.
0.8 Entrancing, inventively shot and played with a wonderful sense of bizarro metaphysics
0.625 If you applauded the genre-tweaking twists of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry" and Kelly Reichardt's "Meek's Cutoff," you may have a good time (or at least an interesting one) at acclaimed Argentine director Lisandro Alonso's latest puzzler, "Jauja."
0.6 In abstract Western in which the harsh but claustrophobic beauty of the landscape is intensified by the confines of Academy ratio framing ...
0.8 All in all, a quietly magical piece of cinema, a mind-bender of the subtlest kind.
0.8 Mortensen has just the right class of vacant charisma for such a gouged-out protagonist and Timo Salminen's photography bathes every image in surprising lights.
0.6 It is undoubtedly beautiful, brooding and enigmatic, with Mortensen's grizzled presence holding the attention, but quite what it all means leaves you scratching your head in puzzlement.
0.6 When Inge elopes with a soldier, Dinesen searches across the unforgiving but beautifully shot landscape, in a sort of western that turns into a surreal exploration of his existential angst, then segues to his descendants in the present day.
0.8 A quest saga whose metaphysical digressions and dream interludes will fascinate and frustrate in equal measure.
0.6 Intriguing, if opaque.
1.0 Miraculous. Blithely does its own thing, but with staggering assurance and artistry.
0.8 'Jauja' is a film to make you wonder.
0.6 Though admiring the filmmaker's innovation and inclination for minimalism, the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film's detriment.
0.8 Challengingly spellbinding.
0.8 Jauja may not be for everyone, but those who give it a chance will find a complex, beautiful film.
0.875 Mysteriously opaque and thrillingly spooky, Lisandro Alonso's Jauja evokes what many films aspire to yet rarely achieve: a genuine lucid state of cinema-as-dream.
0.86 In his latest feature, the breathtaking Jauja, Argentinian director Lisandro Alonso demonstrates that he is the rare filmmaker who trusts his audience enough to winnow his films down to the bone.
0.875 The performances mesh beautifully with the filmmaking, which is more keenly attuned to fluctuations in the natural world that all but a handful of modern motion pictures.
0.8 Where 'Jauja' winds up is bizarre, even for an Argentine art-Western, but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength, a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual, hypnotic pace but also its playful tone.
0.7 At its most powerful, Jauja suggests the surreal Western violence of Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian in the way Alonso gradually folds the action into a waking nightmare.
0.625 It's a movie designed for maximum intellectual appeal, even if the emotional impact is slight.
0.4 There's a line between artfully contemplative and just plain boring. This film eventually crosses it into Snoozeville.
0.8 A ponderously paced but artistically sure journey; it's a film that finds strength in the universality of its ideas and its spiritual dimension, one that's enlivened by instantly iconic imagery and a keen sense of the strange.
0.875 Revisionist westerns are usually dour affairs, foregrounding guilt over the imperial legacy of runaway expansionism, but Jauja is refreshingly absurdist, consistently including shots for seemingly no reason other than to be dry punchlines.
1.0 Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen.
0.7 The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining.
0.5 It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't.
0.75 It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining.
0.4 It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals.
0.625 By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess.
0.25 There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one.
0.5 A kind of strange, existentialist comedy.
0.75 It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris.
0.75 Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit.
0.5 Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris.
0.4 None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be.
0.6 In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror.
0.875 Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical.
0.7 Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible.
0.75 Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold.
0.5 Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in.
0.7 It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike.
0.2 A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.'
0.65 Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire.
0.625 Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences.
1.0 I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number...
0.7 Shannon seems like quite an unorthodox choice for such a subdued, minimalistic character, but White actually wrote the part for her and she does him proud.
0.5 Director Mike White is really good at creating an uneasy feeling in a normal setting. But the question remains, do you want him to?
0.8 SNL alum shines as grieving, lonely animal lover.
0.4 poly syntoma hanei to stoho toy kai to neronei me synaisthimatikizoyses katastaseis kai pepatimenes koinonikes eyaisthisies, arhizontas toys kykloys gyro ap' ta idia kai ta idia, alla toylahiston ehei merika haritomena kadrarismata kai tin Molly Shannon m
0.8 What may catch audiences unawares is how unexpectedly life-affirming this little film about pet death is.
0.6 The trailer suggests a cheery comedy but brace yourself for some darkness in this shaggy dog story.
0.8 This is a lovely little film about discovering your inner self, the passion that drives you, and then coming out with it.
0.6 Year of the Dog isn't quite the comedy it's been marketed as, but there's still a lot to chew on here, notably Molly Shannon's performance as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
0.4 Loses its way, as if uncertain how to point out its moral and make us laugh at the same time.
0.4 Oddball comedy about a lonely, dog-loving secretary, Peggy (played, with unsettling intensity, by Molly Shannon).
0.4 A bit of a dog's brunch.
0.8 As you would expect from a writer like Mike White, Year Of The Dog is a smartly scripted, darkly funny work. But from Molly Shannon's performance to White's own ability as a director of actors, there are plenty of pleasant surprises here.
1.0 John Cusack gives the performance of his life in this top-class horror.
0.4 White also appears to have lost his grip, taking wild stabs at comedy and tragedy and ending up with something that's fractured and fluffy, and definitely not as cute as it thinks it is.
0.8 The writer-director's real talent is in showing that we're all freaks and geeks in one way or another. It's just that some of us are better at hiding it than others...
0.5 Though the film falters in terms of its lack of a streamlined narrative, there is no denying that it is packed to the rafters with meaty ideas and characters who are charged with a satisfying moral ambivalence.
0.7 A risible piece of work with laughs that are likely to remain silent and inside, but they reach you.
0.8 With this film Mike White once again proves that he's got an eye for darkness and an ear for character that truly puts what passes for comedy in most films these days to shame.
0.75 frequently funny and sometimes touching, even though, like (Mike White's) earlier 'The Good Girl' and 'Chuck and Buck,' the comedy leaves a slightly sour aftertaste.
0.4 This is one of the most confounding films I've ever seen.
0.6 The characters in Year of the Dog are far more interesting than the events they take part in. And the setup is better than the payoff.
0.5 White, who shows promise as a director willing to steer us in unexpected directions, holds the comic moments on a pretty tight leash.
0.7 A semi-satirical, sentimental comedy - for dog lovers, it could be a best-in-show.
0.875 If you really listen to Mike White's quirky but ultimately realistic view on life as its dealt out, you'll really enjoy this stellar effort from the burgeoning filmmaking talent.
0.8 Mike White has had the courage to redirect his abundant quirkiness away from benign nerdiness and toward a quiet subversiveness.
0.6 Writer-director Mike White goes for a more restrained approach with some laughs, but also an offbeat character study.
0.625 The best part of the film is Shannon, who shows surprising range here.
0.625 Shannon is fearless in depicting Peggy's emotional breakdown, but White can't seem to decide whether he's laughing at her or with her.
0.75 Finally, in "Year of the Dog" Shannon has found a project that amply plunges her persona for laughs and sighs.
0.4 If you took everything I dislike about indie filmmaking, packed it all into one tube, and gave it a good squeeze, something like Year of the Dog would shoot out.
0.875 (Shannon) shelves her wacky, semi-intoxicated persona to bare her soul for the benefit of a vulnerable and tender comedy.
0.25 Clearly out of the ordinary. Then again, elephantiasis of the testicles is also out of the ordinary, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone, either.
0.8 writer/director Mike White must know someone like this because he nails the characteristics of animal champions perfectly
0.75 Peggy's journey of alienation from her friends and co-workers reminds me of Julianne Moore's in Todd Haynes' masterpiece, 'Safe'; 'Dog' is a less mysterious film, but it similarly demands active rather than passive viewership.
0.5 Sometimes you pan a deadpan comedy because it's effectively dead.
0.75 Dark, quirky and unusually thoughtful.
0.625 White's humanist account of a woman more comfortable with animals than people is another intricately crosshatched sketch in his gallery of outsiders.
0.75 White's flat visual style and haiku-droll sensibility are like a form of cubicle art that manages to express more about the occupant than a thousand words ever could.
0.375 There are those who believe empathy is the quality that separates man from beast, but what does it say that White directs his compassion exclusively toward animals?
0.75 Is Year of the Dog a comedy? A tragedy? A celebration? A cautionary tale? Actually, it's all of the above.
0.875 Much is said in little moments: The entire cast offers jots of humor and insight, from Reilly and Sarsgaard to Laura Dern as a spiny sister-in-law and Regina King as Layla, a vehemently supportive friend.
0.75 Year of the Dog has been perfectly cast, and Shannon is a small revelation; shorn of the antic energy she has invested in her sketch characters and, given an actual character to play, she accomplishes something welcome and unexpected.
0.625 Is it possible for a movie to anthromorphize humans?
0.8 Mike White knows awkward.
0.375 You could see the film as the making of Crazy Dog Lady or as the story of a bereaved woman finding her true passion in life. Personally, I lean toward the former.
0.875 True harmless joy is so rare in this world that we dare not begrudge it to anyone, wherever it happens to lie.
0.75 The mood [White] creates, the subject matter he tackles, shows a rainbow coalition of dysfunction. And that makes Year of the Dog good, if strangely uncomfortable, viewing.
0.6 It's a movie in mourning, a dark comedy where we never quite see the light at the end of the tunnel.
0.5 The bittersweet Dog is a film that whimpers rather than barks.
0.4 By the time Year of the Dog decides it has something to say, you'll already be bored by the 45 minutes of ineffectual torpor that precedes it.
0.625 Sure, the film seems formulaic, plays out at times in a clunky fashion as one storyline stops abruptly and another picks up. But by the end, it will have you rooting for this sad woman, that she can find the happiness that eludes her.
0.625 An intriguing (if decidedly uneven) debut effort.
0.75 A gentle, melancholy and silly movie about a loner whose only secure source of affection is her beagle.
0.625 There's a lot of truth and beauty in Year of the Dog, and most of it radiates from the performance of Molly Shannon.
0.75 If you have a taste for off-center characters, you're barking up the right tree.
0.75 It's enjoyable in a dry but fervent way that most American comedies aren't.
0.6 A charming film that is neither saccharin nor sanctimonious as it treads the well-worn romantic comedy genre, not so much dismantling it as rearranging it just enough to make it interesting -- and perhaps just a little scary.
0.8 A highly impressive work in which White and Shannon have joined forces to give us a darkly funny and strangely emotional meditation on grief and the extremes that people sometimes go to in order to deal with a sudden tragedy.
0.625 [Writer-director White] is perceptive and gentle enough a director to allow Peggy to become a dog person of tragic proportions without laughing at her. He's a humorist with a humane core.
0.75 Year of the Dog succeeds in drawing you in, making you look at the world from her perspective. By the end of the movie, you will recognize what kind of a person she is -- and you'll understand how she came to be that way.
0.625 In the end, [writer-director] White settles for some unearned and unpersuasive optimism, which, in Hollywood scriptwriting, serves as shorthand for poignancy.
0.4 Shannon's journey into darkness seems to have no real purpose other than turning into a depressing spectacle.
0.875 Year of the Dog is one of those quirky little movies that you marvel ever got made while being supremely grateful that it did. It's hard to even categorize.
0.75 [Writer-director Mike White] always had a knack for writing character-revealing moments; this time he demonstrates a talent for handling actors as well.
0.75 Neither extreme of the animal rights debate can take comfort from this take-no-prisoners comedy. Frequently disturbing but always compelling, Year of the Dog barks for attention from the right kind of audience.
0.5 undercooked script and flat direction ... but, if you feel you need a lecture on animal activism and the importance of a vegan lifestyle, it does do it in a quasi-comedic fashion.
0.75 Thrives on bone-dry humor.
0.875 ...infuses one of society's standard wallflowers, the single dog-lady, with uncommon dignity. She's weird, but wonderfully so.
0.75 A sweet flick for anyone who sees dogs as furry people with bad breath and big hearts.
0.5 Peggy is an admirable woman, get that, and not to pitied. Or is she? I wasn't and still am not sure
0.36 "Year of the Dog" is ugly, boring and unfunny. The characters are badly drawn, poorly acted (and this with a killer cast, too). And the "it's hard to be a fanatic, but it's worth it" message is telegraphed in a particularly unappealing way
0.666666666667 Poignant but not sappy and darkly funny without being farcical.
0.75 A bittersweet dark comedy about a lonely middle-aged woman who finds that animals are the only beings she can truly rely on.
0.875 White has an outsider's sympathy for Peggy's loss and instinctively understands how the selfishness of people can drive a sensitive person to the company of animals.
0.75 The filmmaker carefully avoids over-sentimentalizing the emotionally charged story, mostly striking a nice balance of pathos and humor.
0.5 There's nothing wrong with ambiguity, but Year of the Dog seems more like a film that had a point of view, in some early draft, and then lost it in rewrites.
0.75 A very low-key, well-acted dramedy.
0.75 While some may be put off by Peggy's wild-eyed mania, and the film's broadly comic tone, Shannon makes this lost spirit strikingly sympathetic.
0.75 In Shannon, [White] has an actress capable of making you empathize with Peggy and agonize over her smart and foolish choices.
1.0 Year of the Dog is funny ha-ha but firmly in touch with its downer side, which means it's also funny in a kind of existential way.
0.75 Molly Shannon tones down her live-wire antics to play her first "normal" person%u2026or, to be more accurate, White's version of a "normal" person.
0.7 A sweet, heartfelt film, Year of the Dog is a nice alternative to some of the other fare out there, perfect for a fun date night flick or a girls' night out.
0.4 A quiet, disappointing character study. The film is a little too smug and quirky for its own good.
0.4 If you've ever wondered where organizations like PETA, Al Queda, and The 700 Club find members then here's the answer.
0.4 has good intentions and a golden heart, but that doesn't take you that far
0.9 White is a clever writer, and many of his best lines will sneak up on you long after you leave the theater. There's a stealthy sweetness to the movie, a desire to understand those who go their own way, that would seem to be his ultimate aim.
0.75 [An] eccentric, affecting comedy.
0.75 A charming slice-of-life...Molly Shannon gives a multifaceted Oscar-caliber performance of insight and subtlety.
1.0 A touching comedy about a lonely young woman who follows her bliss and finds all she needs in the companionship of animals.
0.625 Minor but moving, it's a story about, and for, outsiders...and PETA members as well.
0.8 It's a testament to writer/director Mike White's talents that Peggy's miseries are shown as humorously tragic, but also simply, plainly painful.
0.65 The supporting cast of Mike White's directorial debut offer plenty of laughs, but it always comes down to Molly Shannon being the movie's weak link.
0.375 The only thing that could make The Cutting Edge more absurd would be if the final competition revolved around a potentially deadly, possibly illegal move called the Pamchenko Twist. Wait, it does? Never mind. [Blu-ray]
0.6 Guilty-pleasure '90s romance you can skate to.
0.75 Grafts one screen formula on top of another--but that doesn't mean the film isn't a blast to watch.
1.0 One of the tops on our Movie Chick guilty pleasure list
0.8 A rare film where the actors' charisma overcomes leaden direction. D.B. Sweeney and Moira Kelly are wonderful.
0.8 It occasionally suffers from longeurs, but it's moving and funny with moments of genius. More of the same, s'il vous plait.
0.8 Astonishing, outlandish, and full of laughs.
1.0 If there's any justice in the world, French animator Sylvain Chomet will be handed the Animated Feature Oscar in February for this fantastic little film.
1.0 There are high-powered opiates that don't pack the psychedelic kick of this cartoon.
0.8 La historia se cuenta en imagenes y sonidos, y ese es un primer gran merito a tener en cuenta en una epoca en que los personajes del cine suelen hablar demasiado.
0.8 Chomet made this movie to remind us how imaginative animation can be as an art form.
0.1 The big test was how few times I could look at my watch to determine how much more agony I had to endure.
0.75 'El estilo y la atmosfera en que se desarrolla son de una calidad e inteligencia que pocas veces podemos apreciar de este lado del Atlantico.'
0.625 A beautiful but dull affair.
0.6 The Triplets of Belleville is an animated feature with two out-of-the-ordinary superheroes: a zealous old lady and a very fat dog.
1.0 Un beau, wildy amusement et un film original ! See this immediately- read on->
0.6 The Simpsons meet William Steig
1.0 Triplets could be described as Max Fleischer on acid.
0.9 Its strange vacillation between the hopeful and the arbitrarily cold is still a mystery to me... It's not a great film, but then again, it is.
0.87 Words cannot replicate the world that Chomet has designed here; description is pointless, as Belleville simply must be experienced firsthand.
0.875 Chomet's charming, visually cluttered realm...is so imaginative and vividly realized you could freeze any frame and spend an hour picking through its details.
1.0 an almost impossibly delectable mixture of uncanny weirdness and poignant sweetness
1.0 An extraordinary, melancholy ode to the endless, mercurial peculiarity of life.
1.0 One of his greatest achievements is allowing the audience to crawl inside Bruno's head. Not since "Babe" has a movie made me care so much for a four-legged character.
0.8 You may love it, you may hate it, but you've never seen anything like it.
0.7 Let the movie wash over you, and, at the very least, it will cleanse your palate.
0.875 Viva le difference!
1.0 A fresh, very funny and wonderful artful enterprise.
1.0 Thanks to Chomet, 'beautifully strange' has a new home address, and it's in Belleville.
0.75 A stylish throwback, a pretty work of art in every frame.
0.6 It's a must-see for animation fans, but others, including youngsters, may just as likely be bored or baffled.
0.8 If Walt Disney had gone on a binge of red wine, hallucinatory drugs and absurdist plays, The Triplets of Belleville could have sprouted from his animation empire.
0.9 The Triplets of Belleville proves there's still plenty of life in hand-drawn animation.
0.7 An ephemerally entertaining comic adventure.
1.0 As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again.
0.75 Everything about the film, from the characters to the settings, is tres bizarre, yet it's all weirdly compelling.
0.875 If you have an open mind, and an appreciation of film animation, you will surely enjoy the film's clever gags, as well as the sensational blending of cel animation and computer-enhanced backgrounds and action.
1.0 A comfortably subversive and accomplished film that speaks to everyone, without talking down to anyone.
1.0 It is funny in spurts, frightening, moving, magical, exhilarating, horrific, smart and silly. It is all this and more.
1.0 Triplets of Belleville conjures up a world that's totally surprising and sublime.
1.0 A triumph of style and substance, dispensing equal parts unbridled glee and powerful melancholy.
0.875 A hugely entertaining alternative to Disney and Pixar
0.875 It would appear that the best 'toon flicks are presently being produced outside the USA.
1.0 Se precisei assistir a esta animacao 3 vezes somente para escrever sobre ela, nem imagino quantas vezes voltarei a ve-la apenas pelo prazer de visitar a criacao de Chomet.
1.0 A mad masterpiece.
0.9 An animated film that takes familiar Disney archetypes and twists them into vivid, imaginative shapes.
0.875 Triplets is very probably unlike anything you've seen before.
1.0 "Dazzlingly inventive and delightful and probably unlike any cartoon -- or movie -- you've ever seen..."
0.8 Right down to faux black-and-white film stock and scratchy gramophones, Triplets resurrects Flesicher's world of music, debauchery, inspired illogic and crude showbiz parody.
0.8 A sensational counterpoint to everything animation means as family entertainment in Hollywood.
0.5 ...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through.
0.875 In an era when live-action movies often play like cartoons, this is an animated film that feels all grown up.
0.75 Watching The Triplets of Belleville is like getting lost in a storybook you never want to put down.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, it's either visionary or weird.
0.87 As funny, original, and entertaining as the film is, a dark drama floats just beneath the surface that is heightened by its nostalgic, sometimes melancholic tone.
0.875 A charming, one-of-a-kind experience, a breathtakingly drawn and uproariously funny film by French animator Sylvain Chomet. It's one of the most delightful films of the year.
0.6 This is a film that speaks a universal language of funny images and unexpected surprises.
0.9 So bizarre, satirical and imaginative that it almost defies description.
0.5 doesn't have much to offer outside of its technical achievements, which is both amazing and a shame, considering Chomet's fertile imagination.
1.0 All you really need to enjoy "Triplets" is a taste for the weird and the wonderful.
0.75 Built on slow, repetitive actions that quietly amuse us but don't necessarily raise our adrenaline. Still, for visual grandeur and artistic imagination, it's a sheer joy.
1.0 ...delightful, inventive, accessible, hilarious, and tremendously executed.
0.75 A strange and wonderful tale that relies on and indulges in the luxuries of hand-drawn animation
0.75 Impossible to describe, impossible to forget.
0.875 An animated feature of appalling originality and scary charm.
0.875 A strange delight, an original vision that enhances the state of contemporary animation.
0.875 Dazzling in the simplest of ways putting Sylvain Chomet at the animation's adult table that still has plenty of room for the kids.
0.8 Like a silent film that just happens to be drawn instead of made with real people - it's absolutely mesmerizing to look at this animation.
0.875 Oooh la la and a certain je ne sais quoi permeate every frame of this imaginative French gem that leaves ordinary animated projects in the dust.
0.9 Feels like a cross between '60's Disney cartoon movies and Yellow Submarine. No, even that description is too simplistic.
0.8 Chomet has made a refreshing film set apart by its humour, unique cultural flavour and quality animation.
0.875 The city of Belleville is like some nocturnal amalgam of Paris and New York, on the edge of a vast sea and of the world itself.
0.5 A dialog-free, animated film for adults that would have made a great short film, but, without speech or much of a story, it is seventy-five minutes too long.
0.75 Kept me smiling for 80 minutes, and that&#8217;s worth something, right?
0.8 International story of bicycling, rescue, singing, the passage of time and the nature of evil is a fantastic use of animation for grown-up storytelling.
1.0 Every so often, a film comes along that is so original, imaginative, and just plain flat-out wonderful that you can do little but marvel at the filmmaker's artistry.
1.0 An utter delight.
1.0 An insanely delicious animated feature.
0.875 A wildly imaginative and wholly original creation.
0.6 It should appeal to adventurous types looking for a more challenging animated feature.
1.0 A tour de force of ink-washed, crosshatched mischief and unlikely sublimity.
1.0 A truly out-there piece of comic animation, the most outlandishly visual film of the year, this 80-minute French treat takes us into a world that can barely be described, a world unlike any we've seen before.
0.75 For someone with an adventurous cinematic appetite, a production that makes Miyazaki appear mainstream is surely worth a look.
1.0 A sophisticated, wholly original brand of animated storytelling that manages to be at once deliriously eccentric and deliciously sinister.
1.0 It's downright daft at times. But it's ingeniously crafted, marvelously drawn, and utterly unpredictable.
0.3 Perhaps the worst animated feature film I've ever seen.
0.9 [An] effortlessly charming cry of defiance against America, wrapped up in a touching and ticklishly funny, yet bitter-sweet tale that dances across the screen.
0.875 Comic, touching and a visual knockout.
0.8 A bizarre yet beautifully composed piece of nutty whimsy.
0.8 Visual ingenuity, wry humour, and French self-parody add up to a strange and touching experience.
0.75 Grotesque yet trippy.
0.8 Belleville Rendez-Vous is an engaging, original Europudding cartoon, animated in the classical style, without the sugar of Disney, entertaining from start to finish.
0.8 It may clock in at a crisp 80 minutes, yet a single viewing can barely do justice to this richly detailed and often playfully macabre adventure.
1.0 Forges an all new narrative and visual style that's so winning it lingers in the mind long after the credits roll.
0.4 The biggest problem I had with this film was the set-up and premise. It works on paper, but most of the movie is spent with the characters being simply awful.
0.4 Battle of the sexes romcom with mature content.
0.625 A modest but bubbly comedy of manners. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...despite reservations about the goofy plot and the cocky characters, the movie proceeds pleasantly enough.
0.72 Has just enough substance beneath the surface throw the romantic comedy some much needed freshness.
0.625 [McConaughey] and Hudson make the premise, even in its shakier moments, vibrate with a sense of fun.
0.4 Offers nothing new to the genre, but for those who like light tales of meet-cute and happily-ever-after, it'll probably be as welcome as a tub of double-fudge ice cream.
0.6 if only filmmakers out there would take a how-to course on making romantic comedies with more than just laughs and star appeal, we might actually be making some progress.
0.4 Wander in after 30 minutes and split an hour later, otherwise you may feel like you've been used.
0.5 . I hate to label this lightweight romp a "chick flick", but when the title actually issues a challenge to the fairer sex, well, the writing is on the wall.
0.8 Leve e divertida, esta producao serve como prova de que, mesmo carregada de cliches, uma comedia romantica pode funcionar muito bem.
0.75 You gotta love love, especially when it's devious, deceitful, selfish, brutal and manipulative.
0.75 ... before labeling this as just another chick flick, keep in mind that it's a whole lot more enjoyable than most of the current pre-summer blockbuster-wannabes that studios are unloading right now.
0.75 The kind of instantly disposable but exceptionally agreeable trifle that's best enjoyed with one's significant other, preferably before or after an intimate dinner for two.
0.4 Overly long and overstuffed, there's just not enough here for a recommendation.
0.6 Fun, funny, Chick Lit-style chortler.
0.625 Pokes fun at relationship stereotypes in a way that, while not exactly clever, is pretty amusing -- due in large part to the talented leads.
0.75 'Hudson y McConaughey salvan el resultado final gracias simplemente a su encanto personal.'
0.75 This is a pure bubblegum picture, but it works at that level.
0.75 This is a more adult romantic comedy, with humor that a more adult crowd can identify with, and those painful date moments that everyone can relate to.
0.5 Hudson needs a little more time to hone her comedic skills before she can charm us through all the watery spots in the film's hot-laughs and cold-jokes script.
0.375 In what civilization is this kind of behavior romantic?
0.625 Leave before the excruciating finale and you should have an OK time.
0.625 It is fun, but empty fun.
0.5 Both lovers are duplicitous creeps -- in a perverse way they're made for each other.
0.25 When a chick flick goes wrong -- and this one hits a dead end in hell -- it's a wipeout.
0.4 The funny stuff at the heart of this film struggles in vain to free itself from a cage made of old romantic-comedy cliches.
0.6 10 Days may be predictable, but it's still quite entertaining.
0.625 Though the majority of the film is laughably predictable (you just know there's going be a drawn-out sequence in which both characters learn about the other's deception), there's a lot worth recommending about How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.
0.4 Ladies, here's a hint: you can lose a guy in a lot less than 10 days if you make him watch movies like this one.
0.6 A nice enough diversion when the theaters are filled with weightier Oscar contenders.
0.5 The same stuff you've seen in every other run of the mill, artificially sweetened date flick.
0.5 You've seen this movie before. Here it is again.
0.5 ...breezy and manipulative...This piece of dating dreck is so sticky sweet and syrupy that one would think they screened Petrie's film at the International House of Pancakes!
0.4 The film is based on a very small book of the same name that's illustrated with stick figures. Director Donald Petrie's film miraculously manages to be even less detailed.
0.5 Too light on laughs and too heavy on predictable moments.
0.5 Though something less than a masterpiece of the genre, this good-natured skirmish in the war between men and women benefits from Hudson's thoroughly charming performance.
0.6 For once, here's a screen couple that easily adds up.
0.0 Virtually everything in the movie is off-pitch.
0.25 Having nearly suffocated amid the swirling mist of estrogen fumes that enveloped a recent screening of the insipid chick flick How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, I need an immediate infusion of guy stuff to detox.
0.4 So much of the picture misfires and/or simply doesn't work or make sense that the total package is not as good, enjoyable or entertaining as it should be.
0.375 This is a movie that never aspires to be anything more than dimwitted fun, then falls on its aspirations.
0.75 It's about as close to French farce as romantic comedies get, and the closer the better.
0.75 Button-cute.
0.6 A modest Hawn-like romance for a new generation.
0.3 A shrill, unfunny litany of single-folk stereotypes that insults men and women with equal abandon.
0.6 Guys, if the gal in your life insists that you take her to How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, don't panic. If she really wanted to dump you, she'd insist on Deliver Us From Eva.
0.625 Trite, contrived, but often entertaining.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy shows that Hudson's Oscar-nominated performance in 2000's Almost Famous wasn't a fluke.
0.5 This material requires a great deal more suspension of disbelief than even this hokey genre normally demands.
0.6 Has enough laughs and silly subplots to keep you looking, but in the end it's the work done by the two leads that saves the film.
0.6 McConaughey is an actor of limited range, but this time he has a film that fits firmly into his abilities.
0.5 You not only have to be seriously testosterone- deprived to survive this film without embarrassment, you have to buy a romantic premise so ridiculously contrived that even Dr. Ruth might suspect someone was pulling her little leg.
0.5 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is not unpleasant. It's just dull.
0.5 Lackluster.
0.5 It goes on too long and is trapped by too many cliches.
0.75 The hottest couple to come down the pike recently has been Frodo and Sam. Hudson and McConaughey rate higher on the spark-o-meter.
0.375 a shallow, convoluted love story with some cheap laughs wrapped around an infomercial
0.625 A novel concept...botched with juvenile execution.
0.75 Hits all the spots that most successful romantic comedies do, and has some decent laughs mixed in.
0.25 The results are supposed to be funny, but are instead painful.
0.625 The picture is actually watchable.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days dishes up a healthy serving of the fun that should be -- and too often isn't -- at the heart of a good romantic comedy.
0.375 I am just about ready to write off movies in which people make bets about whether they will, or will not, fall in love.
0.2 Days is a watered-down, lightweight version of War of the Roses made for people who still think Friends is funny.
0.375 Clumsy, overlong.
0.375 Riddled with cliche plot devices and dialogue that's as superficial as the glossy fashion magazine the lead character writes for.
0.5 If How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days turns out to be a $75 million hit as I suspect, then it will no longer matter if the same script is dusted off and the names changed to protect the innocent, because it's the audiences that are guilty.
0.8 They play an emotional game of chicken - and we all win.
0.71 A brand of entertainment that's dissatisfying intellectually and formulaically.
0.5 Despite a few clever insights and twists, it's neither good nor distinctive enough to rise above the level of generic romantic comedy.
0.6 If the movie provides no new insight into the contrasting behavior of men and women or the perils of postmodern urban dating, falling well shy of the not-too-high standard set by 'Sex and the City' on both fronts, it does have its tart, fizzy moments.
0.4 A too-long title is just the first problem for this too-long, misguided, so-called romantic comedy.
0.375 Should just count ourselves lucky that the final reunion on a bridge doesn't involve Benjamin on horseback and Paul Young on the soundtrack.
0.375 How to lose a Guy in 10 Days More like How to Lose an Audience in 10 Minutes.
0.625 In contrast to the horrifically stupid, dull romantic comedies the past month or two have brought us, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is almost, but not quite, a breath of fresh air.
0.6 If reality's your bag, take a pass. But if you're looking for a harmless diversion to get you in the mood for Valentine's Day, this could be the ticket.
0.375 There may be some way to make this nonsense amusing, but writers Kristen Buckley and Brian Regan haven't even figured out a reasonable setup for getting the two together.
0.875 ...This film will charm your socks off
0.6 Not for one frame does it seem possible that these two cutesy twenty-somethings won't see the errors of their wagers in time to take the exit to happily-ever-after land.
0.0 If you want to lose a guy in one day, drag him to see this movie.
0.875 Hudson is so impressive than she could charm the paint off the walls.
0.625 This film sticks like high heels in gravel coming out of the gate. But after the necessary unpleasantness are over the bulk of the film is actually quite entertaining, funny and, well, cute.
0.625 This movie is so intent upon getting cheap laughs and putting the protagonists in uncomfortable situations that it forgets they're supposed to be falling in love.
0.6 This film will likely be enjoyed by anyone who has gone through their own share of 'clingy' girlfriends with a number of laughs and enough overall entertainment to recommend to anyone looking for a fun night out with their honey.
0.75 A tasty romantic comedy, featuring the battle of the sexes in its most fanciful light.
0.375 If you're working for The New Yorker, the legality of Laura Elena Harring's breasts is not an appropriate pitch for your "Annals of Law" column.
0.5 An entertaining trifle to a point...but it doesn't treat the character's or the audience's intelligence with the respect they deserve. By the end, you just don't care anymore.
0.3 Not only does 10 Days rely on that old standby of romantic comedies -- "the bet" -- it one-ups the cliche with two bets!
0.625 Surprisingly entertaining and fun.
0.6 Predictable, but not wholly unlikable.
0.4 Miss Applegate is charming when the screenplay allows her to slow down. Working against her is the director, Stephen Herek, who pushes every gag so hard and fast that he seems to be keeping up with a laugh track only he can hear.
0.4 A would-be black comedy that turns white too early
0.6 Silly and pretty mindless, but still a worthwhile cable-time comedy.
0.0 The souls of these little monsters are much too black to be redeemed within the confines of an hour and a half film.
0.375 Even the title gag, the dead baby sitter, is virtually forgotten after the first 15 minutes, until it is brought up again for the film's final moments. Along with it, the dark edge also disappears.
0.5 Once the babysitter dies and her body is deposited anonymously on the steps of a funeral home, the movie is free to reveal its real purpose: This is a consumerist, escapist fantasy for teenage girls.
0.8 Deliriously silly!
0.125 The really frustrating thing about Tomatoes is the toothlessness of its satire.
0.2 Lousy movie with a catchy titles
0.3 Turned into a B movie classic based on its title alone.
0.5 I don't care if it's "so bad it's good" -- there's some seriously funny bits in this otherwise disposable cult flick.
0.875 Not only are the characters in The Last Days of Disco embarrassingly earnest about their love for spectacular nightclubs and thumping dance music, but they're also completely transparent about their desires, even when they think they're being clever.
0.8 If it had been Stillman's swan song, a director could hardly hope to be prouder of such a strong exit.
0.7 Stillman skips the snark in favor of a sincere appreciation of his slightly lost characters.
0.75 Stilillman pulls off a unique balancing act of conveying the specificities of the cultural milieu but also maintaining a sense of universality that keeps the film from being solely about its time and place
1.0 The focus of The Last Days of Disco is a psychologically authentic and painfully parasitic female relationship.
0.6 Solid period piece with good dialogue. Standard relationship stuff, but well done.
0.625 Mr. Stillman more or less saves the movie with Josh, a sweet, muddled guy who deserves better friends than he has in this movie.
0.5 Offers little beyond the usual Stillman prattle.
0.8 Sharp-eyed and charming.
0.8 The film is enjoyable .. because of that great dialogue, good performances by the leads, and a great soundtrack.
0.5 For a film about the flame-out of a flashy era, The Last Days of Disco is just too languid and verbose.
0.5 In its last hour, the picture becomes more clumsy and tiresome, but the stray laugh and the disco sound keep it pulsing.
0.5 Even the most promising characters turn out to be shallow and often hateful, their stories meander interminably.
0.5 For the most part it's completely forgettable.
0.4 Trouble is, the dancing is usually more interesting than the pretentious things these characters have to say.
0.75 A conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from its director, Whit Stillman.
0.75 A fascinating film to watch, whether you were a supporter of 'the disco movement', or one who cheered when it died.
0.75 The combination of sharply-realized dialogue and infectiously energetic dance sequences keeps The Last Days of Disco from losing steam.
0.875 [Stillman] nails his characters with perfectly heard dialogue and laconic satire.
0.8 Stillman has created an affectionate, original and highly memorable tribute to a bygone age.
0.8 The fun cast and Stillman's clever writing make this admittedly slow-moving and talky film a pleasure to listen to and lovely to look at.
0.6 Despite the almost total lack of action, the film is engaging and often funny.
0.75 The film comes alive with its wonderfully complex, intellectual humor that is so dense and fast-paced that it might take several viewings to catch it all.
0.625 In spite of itself -- in spite of Stillman -- this is a lively and often endearing entertainment.
0.75 Talky and uneven but often funny romantic comedy.
0.75 To his fans (color me guilty), Stillman is like a sardonic Anton Checkov, a man to whom dialogue and repressed emotion are everything.
0.75 A very entertaining film, thanks to an appealing cast ... and those wordy discussions.
1.0 Shows that Stillman has finally found out how to make his characters totally lovable, and surprisingly more sympathetic.
0.7 If this film ... doesn't fully rise to the lovely vibrancy of Barcelona, it still extends the witty, quizzical style of Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain.
0.2 For those unfortunate enough to be locked in a room with this film, look out for Isabel Lucas' eyewatering recreation of the famous dance scene from Flashdance, for anyone else, take heart in staying away from A Heartbeat Away.
0.4 In its lofty ambition to reach the heights of Baz Luhrman inspired fantasy, A Heartbeat Away ends up becoming the worse type of Australian bred fantastical farce.
0.0 Unspeakably bad...This film will do nobody any good and should not have been released.
0.0 According to our hipster hero, you can't get more sonically 2011 than Red Hot Chili Peppers. So in the spirit of such whip-smart with-it-ness, a message to all involved with the making of A Heartbeat Away: give it away, give it away, give it away, NOW!
0.6 It smells like desperation to me.
0.5 It's very clunky and very cliched.
0.2 Not only does [Edwards'] approach fail, it nosedives into terminal velocity, rendering A Heartbeat Away an annoying, close to distressing, viewing experience.
0.5 So determined that audiences will love it that it falls into the trap of feel-good cliches.
0.0 Seriously: you have no idea how badly you need to make sure you and your loved ones stay away from this.
1.0 Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances.
1.0 As welcome as a cooling gelato on a hot summer's day.
1.0 A lovely film.
0.6 Hepburn represents all western cinema, finally allowed out to play on the cobbled streets of postwar Europe.
0.8 Hepburn and Peck revel in their shared duplicity but almost take a backseat to the splendour of the Italian capital, which has rarely been given so much lens-love since.
0.875 The reason Roman Holiday works is because it understands Hepburn's place in the pantheon of Silver Screen icons
0.8 If only more filmmakers would remember that not all fairy-tale romances need to have a pat, happily-ever-after ending.
0.7 It's a beautiful snapshot into the past, both for the historic look of Rome and to witness the birth of the romantic comedy.
0.875 For lovers of romantic comedies through the ages, Roman Holiday remains a favorite.
1.0 Delicious and delectable Audrey's Oscar-winning American debut. But not such a difficult feat with William Wyler backing you up.
1.0 Features one of the greatest endings to come from Hollywood
0.72 The Roman travelogue is pleasant enough, and Audrey Hepburn is positively peerless.
0.8 When you say 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' you're really talking about this film.
0.8 Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naive sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American.
0.875 The film itself is a classic of romantic wish fulfillment, exactly the sort of beautiful lie that Hollywood specialized in.
0.875 The final moments of Roman Holiday are among the most moving and memorable of any romantic comedy I can think of
0.9 A lovely little romance, full of fun and playfulness, stellar performances (Hepburn won an Oscar and Albert was nominated), and all set against the beauty of Rome
0.8 Nice little bittersweet comedy
0.8 A stunning film debut by Audrey Hepburn, charming, gaminlike, a delight.
0.8 The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist.
1.0 Roman Holiday is [Audrey Hepburn's] perfect picture.
0.8 Director William Wyler delivers some of the most stunning black and white visions of Rome ever put on film. Considering how many eye-filling extravaganzas have been set in the eternal city, that's really saying something.
0.8 After Columbine, this dark comedy isn't as funny.
0.75 Heathers, with all its flagrant masochism and violence, is a throwback to a more innocent time, where such films could be made and still be deemed over the top fantasy.
1.0 Two decades later, Heathers is so on the money, with its vague but unmistakable parallels to several school shootings, that it could never be made today.
0.875 Dark, cynical, but deliciously funny, Heathersis a fascinating look not just at high school but at the way we look at high school.
0.875 fantastic
1.0 An amazing black satire filled with vicious biting words that snap like firecrackers.
0.8 Scathing and hilarious.
0.8 Viciously delicious cult classic, flip side of "The Breakfast Club."
0.6 Blistering comedy run aground by cop-out ending.
0.8 Lehman's delightfully dark and deranged take on adolescent angst and isolation. Heathers is heuristic in its haughty examination of teenaged alienation
0.6 A wonderful savage satire on high school life.
0.9 A poisoned candy apple that'll bring a sardonic smile to the lips of those who remember it and entertain those who haven't experienced it before.
0.8 This film is dark as night but great fun, taking teen issues by the scruff of the neck and holding them up as the rather unpleasant exhibits they are.
0.875 The points it makes about the violence-prone absurdity of American adolescence are perhaps even more incisive today than they were [in 1989].
0.625 For a long time, we're not even sure of the point of view: Is this a black comedy about murder or just a cynical morality play? The traveler in the foreign country is not sure, but he knows the film inspires thought.
1.0 The perfect 80's film, and it has the legs to still do it today.
0.9 A scathing lambasting of the American teen in the late 1980s, but its presence will be timeless.
0.2 Go on the Disney ride instead. It's over sooner.
0.45 Beautiful production design and bags of promise give way to disappointment in this family comedy.
0.75 A thunderstorm of mysterious origin traps the old mansion.
0.4 Regardless of all the ghosts, or maybe because of them, The Haunted Mansion is one lifeless, spiritless affair.
0.2 Eddie Murphy, fresh from a string of wearyingly bad performances in really horrible features, pulls The Haunted Mansion down around him with record-breaking speed
0.625 You wonder why you're willing to wait an hour-and-a-half to go on it for the umpteenth time.
0.2 Uma comedia de horror que nao assusta nem faz rir.
0.4 Comic thrillers are always risky, but this one lacks even a hint of badly needed black humour.
0.2 Mansion is as dead as the spirits who haunt its unspooktacular walls.
0.2 Hauntingly Bad.
0.125 ... essentially a soulless collection of episodic gags... only serves to hammer a few more nails into [Eddie Murphy's] career's coffin.
0.625 uses the ride's familiar visuals as a leaping-off point for the horror-comedy, which is at times delightfully silly and at other times depressingly thin
0.375 Manages to make even such surefire audience grabbers as a zombie attack exceedingly dull.
0.25 To paraphrase one of my favorite lines from one of my favorite films ("Little Big Man"): Sometimes the Magic Kingdom works, and sometimes it doesn't.
0.5 It's ironic that in 2003 we find Murphy playing a role that, for all intents and purposes, might have been done by Mantan Moreland 60 years ago -- only Mantan was funnier.
0.5 With The Haunted Mansion, Eddie Murphy continues in a long line of family film stinkers.
0.4 ...maladroit dans sa tentative d'allier rires et frissons, insatisfaisant sur tous les plans...
0.4 Feels like something that was churned out through a machine; Disney Live-Action Cheese By Committee.
0.4 Another Disney ride-turned-movie looks great ... and goes nowhere.
0.5 Following the plot of the ride, as well as littering the screen with beautiful visual homages big and small, the film has less wiggle room to really come alive on its own.
0.5 There's disappointingly little in its 99 minutes that's better than what the ride has been doing for years in 10.
0.5 Eddie Murphy does a sterile job as the film's star, but it is Jennifer Tilly who shines in this otherwise flat film.
0.75 The Haunted Mansion was made in the spirit of giving everyone in the family something to enjoy together. It's successful at that level.
0.3 Learn from the Evers family: The Haunted Mansion is not worth the detour.
0.5 ...a lame and transparent pseudo-amusing scarefest...has all the whimsy and cheeky movement of an overcrowded parking lot at Disneyland...a generic goose bump ride
0.5 A movie that, while consistently amusing, plays like a hackneyed effort to stretch a few minutes of ride into a coherent, hour-and- a-half story.
0.6 More Disneyland ride than movie, short on plot and long on dazzling visuals for the kiddies.
0.5 While it may supply giggles and shivers to preteens, grownups should think twice before entering this all-too-haunted house.
0.5 Eddie Murphy has been many things to many people in his tempestuous career. Until now, 'mayo-and-bologna-on-white' hasn't been one of them.
0.5 Perhaps used to working with animated characters, Minkoff fails to inspire much energy from his cast.
0.125 The movie's horror angle also reminds us of Vampire in Brooklyn, the last in a string of Murphy flops before The Nutty Professor saved his screen career in 1996. With this listless foray, Eddie is twice bitten.
0.6 It's notoriously difficult to balance lighthearted humor with the spookiness a good ghost story requires, but director Rob Minkoff is surprisingly successful, delivering a satisfying mix of laughs and mild scares aimed at a young audience.
0.4 The story is so flimsy, could it possibly have been ghostwritten by Goofy?
0.25 A badly scripted, sloppily put-together hack job.
0.5 The problem here isn't so much the pace as the too-predictable story and the general lack of energy; director Rob Minkoff can't seem to light a fire under his cast.
0.5 Haunted Mansion won't be anybody's E-ticket ride, but it's an enjoyable movie for a very specific age range (children 8 to 12), and will be tolerable for almost everyone else.
0.5 Haunted is much more loyal to the original amusement attraction than the freewheeling and more imaginative Pirates film, which is good for nostalgia but not especially good for storytelling.
0.375 Here's a better way to spend your money: go to Disneyland and visit the real Haunted Mansion.
0.6 You don't go to a movie like this for the sparkling repartee; you go to ride the ride one more time, and director Rob Minkoff delivers with a slew of sight gags and character cameos that will keep faith with the fans.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is disappointing in just about every way. Even the plot, which seems simple enough at first, turns out to be confusing when all is revealed.
0.25 The advertising slogan for The Haunted Mansion warns, 'Check your pulse at the door' -- pretty cheeky for a movie that flatlines for almost all of its 98 minutes.
0.25 The PG rating is purportedly for 'frightening images,' but the only thing frightening is the bland performance Eddie Murphy phones in.
0.625 With The Haunted Mansion, the second movie this year to be based on a popular Disney attraction Eddie Murphy may have finally brought his career back to life.
0.5 Let's face it: This is a movie based on a ride, so, really, how much entertainment can you expect? But at least it is a better bargain than the ride it is shilling.
0.5 It's true that last summer's hit Pirates of the Caribbean is one tough act to follow, but The Haunted Mansion falls short even without such comparisons.
0.4 The Haunted Mansion is well made and acted with a kind of campy glee, but it doesn't scare up enough thrills or laughs to give it the kind of mass appeal of Disney's summer blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean.
0.4 The theme park attraction is actually better entertainment than the movie.
0.2 It's not all that boring, and very little children will like it, but the 'tween crowd will consider this beneath them, as would everyone older.
0.25 Foolish indeed is the mortal family that shells out the copious price of admission for this gobbler.
0.5 That thing going bump in the night? It was my head hitting the armrest.
0.5 Despite some imaginative designs, The Haunted Mansion just sort of lies there, as if -- like some of its characters -- it is waiting to be roused from eternal slumber.
0.625 The Haunted Mansion won't much entertain older family members, but it might be fun for kids and seems headed for a long run on home video.
0.5 Director Rob Minkoff, mindful of his PG rating and young target audience, never tries to scare us to the marrow.
0.2 The film equivalent of the dark, boring period on a haunted house ride before the gondola crashes into another room filled with dirty mirrors.
0.5 This is a 99-minute commercial for a three-minute attraction.
0.4 Trite special effects, uninspired dialogue.
0.5 An efficient, reasonably enjoyable factory product that should scare a 9-year-old just enough and be gone from his or her memory by dinnertime.
0.375 About as much fun as a day at Disneyland -- when it's raining and all the rides are broken and the car is at the extreme other end of the parking lot.
0.5 Although The Haunted Mansion starts promisingly and presents a wealth of possibilities, filmmakers decide to go the formulaic route to bring in the kiddies.
0.375 ...plays like a contest between Eddie Murphy's popping eyes and his gaping mouth: Which one can more forcefully convey fright?
0.4 It's hard to get excited about watching a real estate deal go down, even if it is with a bunch of ghosts.
0.375 ...terminally lame...
0.7 The Haunted Mansion is goofy fun.
0.5 Amusing time-killer.
0.8 More creepy than scary, but it's lots of fun.
0.5 As the story unfolds, it becomes ever more obvious that the Haunted Mansion ride was not concocted to provide enough material for a narratively coherent movie.
0.5 Even if I were still a kid, I'd rather go on the ride.
0.6 only works as mindless entertainment.
0.625 Vivid and unimaginative.
0.625 Amusing but not side-splitting.
0.6 Swirling apparitions, a wonderful Southern gothic atmosphere and a thwarted love story make this a fine companion piece to the Walt Disney theme-park attraction.
0.5 While the addition of four harmonizing statues infuses some humor in the script, there's little that outshines effects in the actual Disneyland house.
0.5 As mechanical as an old Disneyland automaton.
0.625 Never manages to rise above kind of cute.
0.6 The fact that this sort of preachy foray into the pseudo-scary is even remotely entertaining can only be attributed to blind, stumbling luck.
0.6 Best of all is Parker, the perfect melancholy romantic hero, brooding and dark, yet touching and sentimental.
0.5 After she walks off, Daddy tells his son, "Whack your own spider!"
0.375 Inane though inoffensive.
0.2 As directed by James Frawley, the film has only two passable gags.
0.25 Don't get me wrong. I have nothing against dumb sex comedies. All I object to is the fact that "Fraternity Vacation" is playing with half a deck -- the male half. The men are the characters and the women are the objects.
0.625 We asked for more, and we got it. But maybe two is enough.
0.75 Better than the first perhaps because the cultural references are tied more organically to the emotional state of their characters. Or perhaps it's because "The Trip to Italy" is just funnier, tighter, and more focused.
0.75 Comedy sequel The Trip to Italy is almost exactly like its predecessor The Trip, and for the most part, that's a good thing.
0.7 an expanded traveling road show of goofy My Dinner with Andre moments without the pretension of hardcore art-house approach
0.875 Is it inappropriate to laugh in the presence of a petrified victim of the volcanic eruption at Pompeii, even if that 'presence' is footage on a movie screen? If you think the answer is 'Yes,' then please avoid 'The Trip to Italy.'
0.9 A sadder, more penetrating - yet still very funny - work that may linger in the mind longer than The Trip.
0.75 "The Trip to Italy" does feel kind of like a second helping of pasta - just as tasty as the first, but not quite as necessary.
0.7 Leisurely and sublimely sybaritic, filled with irrepressibly clever repartee
0.6 By the time Coogan is addressing Brydon as Yorick in a skull-filled catacomb outside Naples, the film's true subject has been made as crystal clear as the case surrounding a lava-crusted corpse in old Pompeii.
0.8 In a summer full of sequels, who would have thought one of the best ones would feature two British comedians having even more conversations over dinner?
0.75 The Trip to Italy doesn't feel entirely new, but there's comfort in familiarity, too.
0.7 The script's guideposts are tighter, and both men are even more on their game.
0.875 If "The Trip to Italy" begins shakily, it ends with expansive bliss ...
0.75 If you laughed at Coogan and Brydon's (sometimes astonishing) mimicry in "The Trip," you'll smile again. If not, you probably won't go out of your way to find the sequel.
0.7 The Trip to Italy will rekindle an appreciation for that special friend (or friends) with whom you can always be yourself, who knows how to make you laugh, who accepts you without judgment and without fail.
0.25 As we watch, the thought keeps returning, over and over: Why watch these people? What's the point? Film anybody's trip to Italy, and it would be more interesting than this, or at least equally boring.
0.875 With Winterbottom's first-ever sequel, his "Trip" films now rival &#65279;Linklater's "Before" series in charting how a twosome evolves over time. Plus, they're bloody hilarious.
0.875 Some second courses are delicious, others an acquired taste. This pasta-filled follow-up to "The Trip" is a little of both.
0.8 Ever been on a trip with absurdly witty people who constantly one-up each other, to the point that it's either hilarious or exhausting?
0.5 ...a stale rehash of its demonstrably superior predecessor...
0.85 While the conceit of Michael Winterbottom's The Trip to Italy is basically a carbon copy of 2010's The Trip, this follow up is no less winning and is actually more charming than its predecessor.
0.625 A virtual duplication of the original Trip experience.
0.875 If Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon were even 7 percent less amusing, "The Trip to Italy" would have no reason to exist, even with its casually gorgeous scenery and shattering close-ups of seafood pasta fresh out of the kitchen.
0.5 In The Trip to Italy, it feels as if they're simply doing a routine, and it's the same shtick we've already seen.
0.75 While Rick Steves possesses an extensive amount of useful information, he may have some competition if Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon ever start compiling travel guides.
0.7 Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are reinvesting the so-called buddy comedy with the concept that, sometimes, friendship is not enough.
0.75 It's a skimpy premise for a movie, but it works because the two men are just so darned funny.
0.8 I'd follow these guys "'round the horn" in a second. Maybe that's where they'll head next time.
0.6 The Trip to Italy ... presents less a narrative than a series of dinnertime conversations between fictionalized versions of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon.
0.75 Yes, these friends play rough and you wouldn't want to compete at their table, but through Winterbottom's funny and slyly serious film, you can experience their creativity from a seat nearby.
0.75 The funniest bits are when the mimicry and the insults converge.
0.5 The celebrity mimicry and the shouted jokes still can't conceal how stale around the edges the concept is getting.
0.75 The pair bicker cheekily and needle each other in clever, amusing ways. At their best, they have almost a syncopated rhythm to their comical sparring.
0.8 More very funny impersonations from Rob Brydon and Steve Coogan.
0.7 The Trip to Italy's total lack of necessity has little bearing on its enjoyability.
0.75 The result is delectable, in spite of Mr. Coogan's self-conscious misgivings-meta-commentary on the film itself, one imagines-about repeating the trip.
0.6 Coogan and Brydon make terrific companions for us partially because, at least as they appear onscreen, they're so amusingly incompatible themselves.
0.7 The Trip To Italy ends abruptly, but for almost two distinctly pleasurable hours, the film lets audiences be third parties in Coogan and Brydon's dinner conversation.
0.875 If you go in for allusive British humor that builds slowly from dry to uproarious, as executed by two absolute masters of the form, "The Trip To Italy" will work for you, I believe.
0.625 As the film moseyed on I wished director Michael Winterbottom would sharpen his focus a bit and get to the point, any point.
0.8 As enjoyable as the first movie was, its follow-up successfully evolves that formula into an equally enjoyable film.
0.875 After all their decades of comical sparring, Rob Brydon FINALLY makes Steve Coogan crack up on camera
0.9 The Trip To Italy is a near-perfect sequel once again filled with delectable treats, non-stop laughter, and a slew of impressions that almost outshine the gorgeous plates of 5-Star Italian delicacies.
0.625 Michael Winterbottom and his gifted actors still haven't quite solved the riddle of portraying social disconnection in a manner that's anything other than sporadically involving.
0.7 The whole thing is a thin and flimsy travelogue but the banter between the pair makes it better and far funnier than it has any right to be.
0.8 I could watch Brydon and Coogan read the phone book, because they'd make it funny. In fact, watching them eat and riff is not far removed from reading a phone book; and it is very, very funny. A total delight from start to finish.
0.6 But the chief pleasure lies once again in the free-flowing and largely improvised chitchat between Rob and Steve, little sketches and impersonations, riffs built on the latest fads and fashionable cliches.
0.5 One would have hoped for a fresher menu of gags, situations and conversation topics...A likeable travelogue with some lovely scenery, it's pleasant time-killing stuff.
0.6 It's still a distinct pleasure watching banter between comedic actors this good.
0.6 While Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are fun and draw some solid laughs from the limitations of the premise, this particular trip is still baggy and self-indulgent.
0.5 There is no denying Coogan and Brydon's comedic chemistry; their impersonations are humorous (especially their elongated bit about The Dark Knight Rises and Tom Hardy), but that alone cannot carry an entire narrative.
0.9 The Trip to Italy is just an assault of laughs...
0.7 Rob Brydon surprises in the best way possible and proves to be the x-factor that makes this Trip to Italy that bit different and more interesting than the first.
0.875 British comedians and dueling partners Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are back in this witty and incisive follow-up to "The Trip."
1.0 The Trip to Italy is a hilarious romp through the Italian countryside.
0.8 We know the recipe now-Winterbottom never departs from it, giving this installment slightly less kick-but the guys have curious appetites they barely understand.
0.8 Coogan and Brydon are endlessly entertaining. Watching these two have a go at each other is a pleasure.
0.6 Their improvisation has been honed to the point where the jokes land solidly without losing naturalism and the pair of them are clearly enjoying la dolce vita ...
0.5 The lackadaiscal plot, cheesy jokes and lack of originality make Caddy nothing more than a trashy comedy, but at least it's occasionally an entertaining one.
0.375 [A] depressing, stereotype-filled reworking of Caddyshack.
0.2 Who's Your Caddy? is the sort of film Homer Simpson might watch, perhaps on a triple bill with Hail to the Chimp and The School of Hard Knockers.
0.5 Replays the same underdog outsiders-vs.-Establishment snobs scenario found in a million earlier stories about hillbillies in Beverly Hills, nerds on campus, Marx Brothers at the opera and so on.
0.2 Big Boi's awful golf comedy is way below par.
0.125 Operates in broad, one-note, stereotyped lowest common denominator strokes that yield very little in the way of funny.
0.1 Instantly disposable.
0.2 ...strictly amateur night.
0.375 About the best that can be said for this clunky mixture of tired stereotypes, obvious gags, and on-the-nose social commentary is that it's relatively short, clocking in just less than 90 minutes.
0.125 I don't know how screenwriters could turn out this rip-off of "Caddyshack" and not get sued.
0.0 ...let us call the completely dreadful Caddyshack II the Glitter of golf cinema, leaving Who's Your Caddy to be its From Justin to Kelly.
0.0 The most degrading, minstrel coon show since Soul Plane!
0.375 C-Note is essentially a one-note character. And that note is flat.
0.125 A fiasco that never met a crass stereotype it didn't milk for lowest-common-denominator laughs.
0.25 Director Don Michael Paul's only other movie you may have heard of (2002's Half Past Dead) was a Steven Seagal movie -- and his latest pales in comparison.
0.125 The movie decides, after 30 minutes of black people clowning like it's 1939, to be a melodrama about injustice and, sigh, redemption.
0.25 If this demeaning movie had been made by mainstream Hollywood, it would be courting charges of racism.
0.625 Where Caddy really shines is in the supporting comedy ensemble, which acts like a demented Greek chorus, tossing out bits of incongruous dialogue that hit the funny bone more often than not.
0.375 "...populated exclusively by clownish characters - of every color.
0.2 It's staggering how little ambition the formerly aim-high Outkast crew showed with this limp Caddyshack knock-off.
0.0 Rap isn't the irritant; you'd get dirty looks at a golf course for blasting Kenny G too.
0.1 The few gags that are even kind of funny will elicit polite golf applause and not much else.
1.0 One of the greatest films of post-WWII Hollywood.
1.0 All About Eve is not only a brilliant and clever portrait of an actress, it is a downright funny film, from its opening scene to the final fadeout.
1.0 Joseph L Mankiewicz's film dissects the narcissism and hypocrisy of the spotlight as sharply as [Billy Wilder's Sunset Blvd], but pays equal attention to the challenges of enacting womanhood.
1.0 A classic movie, whose qualities remind us that there once was a Hollywood where such sophisticated treats could be made.
0.7 All About Eve is deliciously fun to watch with characters playing versions of themselves (most noticeably Bette Davis) and being quite introspective for its day.
1.0 Bette Davis is fabulous in this role.
1.0 Mankiewicz's inside knowledge of show business and its particular personality types gives the film an authenticity and allows for its famously devastating acid wit. [Blu-ray]
1.0 In our celebrity-obsessed culture, it's possible that All About Eve is more important than ever. Scratch that. How about it's more entertaining than ever?
1.0 Classic movie about an ambitious woman.
1.0 Sanders...was ideally cast in this role: you can feel in Addison's every word the world-weariness of the actor who would eventually commit suicide at age 65...
1.0 Put simply, one of the greatest movies ever made.
1.0 Here is a real Christmas treat: a restored version of Joseph L Mankiewicz's jet-black 1950 comedy about Margo Channing, elegant leading lady of the theatre, superbly played by Bette Davis.
0.8 A total joy.
1.0 One of Hollywood's finest backstage dramas. If nothing else Davis should have been rewarded for services to the tobacco industry.
1.0 Apart from the monochrome photography, all that dates the film is the chain-smoking and the fact that these are theatre folk rather than movie stars (frequent in-jokes about the low art of Hollywood pepper the script).
1.0 For old-school Hollywood movie-making at its most polished, literate and sophisticated there is really nothing to match it.
1.0 Intelligent script ... mesmerizing performances
1.0 Amazing performances top the list of positive qualities in Joseph L Mankiewicz' All About Eve.
0.8 Forget Foreman vs. Ali, this is Baxter vs. Davis in one of Hollywood's greatest showdowns.
1.0 Poucos roteiros, em toda a Historia do Cinema, conseguiram reunir tantos dialogos memoraveis.
1.0 Outstanding Mankiewicz film with the perfect cast.
1.0 My all-time favorite film.
1.0 A motion picture that, because of its priceless dialogue and unforgettable lead performance, will never lose its luster.
0.9 With a towering, self-mocking performance by Ms. Davis...the satire remains as entertaining today, and as relevant, as ever before.
0.8 Boffo look at the backstabbing backstage world of Broadway
1.0 One of the best send-ups of the inside back-stabbing and infighting that goes on in Hollywood ever put to film.
1.0 It's about the glory of acting.
0.9 All About Eve is a film that you see completely differently once you know what's going to happen.
0.91 While its attitudes toward women are dated, its wit and perceptiveness are as fresh today as they were in 1950.
1.0 The screenplay... may be the most biting example of hard-boiled wit ever to come out of Hollywood, and it is stylishly performed at a breakneck pace by a uniformly expert cast.
1.0 The film is filled with a nice dark humor that is rare for the I-Like-Ike decade of filmmaking.
1.0 Well up to the brothers' usual high standards.
0.9 Everyone who has the capacity for abstract thought, raise your hands . . . and take this Coen brothers' journey.
0.75 Even with its mock-pretentious parallelism to The Odyssey...O Brother, Where Art Thou? refuses to take itself seriously, which is both its principal failing and its charm. [Blu-ray]
0.8 Teens might enjoy this offbeat Odyssey adaptation.
0.8 May not be the funniest or wackiest movie from Joel and Ethan Coen, but it is easily their most ambitious work to date.
0.625 This lightly engaging trifle could have been more fun with a greater helping of the Coens' antic spirit.
0.6 The ferociously one-dimensional characters here make this muddy ramble more of a guilty pleasure than a success.
0.625 It's not up there with Lebowski, but its still a darn good tale.
0.5 The Coen's tale of three escaped convicts has more to do with Homer the Simpson than Homer the poet.
0.71 its tongue-in-cheek humor effortlessly gives way to poignant drama and period musical pieces throughout.
0.9 O Brother, Where Art Thou? is amazing.
0.9 It's an odd, charming movie, not for everyone, but definitely for Coen acolytes. A great adaptation. And buy the soundtrack.
0.625 As a big-budget film from two of our great contemporary social satirists, it falls short.
1.0 The Coen brothers have once again outdone themselves.
1.0 Though the movie occasionally over-reaches for jokes, in the end it redeems itself with originality and style -- admittedly, a style that will not appeal to some mainstream tastes.
0.5 I'll be darned. The Coen brothers, which many cinephiles (myself included) like to call the most exciting working American filmmakers, have just made a bad movie.
0.2 Amusing as it is, however, 'Brother' rarely achieves the same hilarious heights as previous Coen laughers.
0.75 A second viewing sure does help, but it's still one of the lesser Coen projects.
1.0 Thoroughly enjoyable.
0.9 One of the best films of the year.
0.8 Light, slight, stream-of-consciousness never looked so good to me.
0.7 Yes, it's very stylised and mannered, it tries far too hard to be funny, and it's still rather beguiling. It's also just a bit to odd to really work.
1.0 Rated F, for Funny as all get out.
0.9 A joyous mixture of the absurd and the sublime.
0.8 ...an old-timey, feel-good movie, which in the tradition of the screen's best screwball comedies makes no apologies for its silliness.
0.75 It is so amiable, so easy going and there is such a nice pace to it that you will find yourself under its spell in no time.
0.75 Clooney muestra una faceta diferente a la que nos tiene acostumbrados, desarrollando una personalidad comica que le puede rendir buenos frutos en el futuro
0.75 The Coens manage to maintain a genial, slapstick tone that coats the ridiculous plot devices and outrageous characters and makes them just slick enough to swallow.
1.0 Visually arresting, cryptic and, depending on your level of Coen fandom, either wildly enjoyable or too clever by half.
0.4 Despite moments of brilliance and an incredible musical score, the film's lackluster pace and questionable storyline are liable to leave you thinking, well, "Oh, brother!"
0.9 It's a sprawling film and the comic tone matches Joel and Ethan's broad, comic brushstrokes to a T.
0.7 George Clooney is the man.
0.88 A joyous and humanistic slapstick throwback, anchored by George Clooney's goddamn bona fide performance in his Ulyssean role.
0.875 Bizarre, funny, surprising.
1.0 It's a wild, whacked-out wonder.
0.875 A dense, episodic, meandering tale that finds humor in every scene.
0.25 Leaves a sour taste.
0.875 Praiseworthy.
1.0 Packed with all the warped fun filmgoers expect from the Coens.
0.75 Joyously unhinged and outrageously inventive.
0.625 I had the sense of invention set adrift; of a series of bright ideas wondering why they had all been invited to the same film.
0.8 As a Coen brothers fan I hate to say this, but the movie's a collection of great bits and pieces rather than a complete work.
0.9 It's a new new thing, classic myth from both literature and the movies, commingled, set to great folk music, and untrammeled by any sense of predictability, urgency, realism or believability but hypnotic, graceful and seductive.
1.0 The funniest, most inspired movie of Coen Brothers illustrious comedy careers.
0.875 A fine addition to the Coens' pantheon of eclectic, eccentric comedies.
0.75 The performances by George Clooney and Coen regulars like John Goodman and John Turturro are simply a delight.
0.8 Quite a charmer.
0.9 A rambunctious and inspired ride.
0.8 O Brother's music is more than pleasant background; it is a living presence, and with apologies to an excellent cast, just about the star of the picture.
0.64 For all its originality, O Brother doesn't seem to have a point, or enough spark to distract us from the lack thereof.
0.9 It makes you want to lift your voice and sing along, for the Coen Brothers have put it all together.
0.9 A handsome film, joyfully feting the movie fantasies of a bygone era.
0.8 The high points outweigh the low ... with particular praise for the wonderful selection of period and traditional music.
0.8 A solid middle effort with charm to spare.
0.625 The filmmakers' trademark quirkiness is in evidence, but it often feels forced and the comedic elements are inconsistent.
0.625 Beautifully filmed with carefully scripted dialogue, the production almost breaks out into cinema greatness.
0.8 This is a lighter story than many of the Coens' previous movies, which makes it easy to forgive the parts that don't work very well.
0.7 The whole comes out less than the sum of its parts.
1.0 Confidently cinematic in classical and modern terms, layered with subtleties but also a straight-ahead, crowd-pleasing comedy.
0.8 It's a joy to watch this movie as a whole.
0.8 All in all, a thoroughly eclectic and always entertaining mix.
0.7 Another original piece set forth by the Coen bros, who continue to charm us with their unique knack for poetic dialogue, quirky characters, musical melodies and eerily authentic looks at the days of old.
1.0 The photography in this film is among the most beautiful I've seen in years.
1.0 A rollicking collection of comic bits, Southern folklore, slapstick stunts, cinematic tributes, religious ritual, political satire, and depression era commentary.
1.0 This is a film, as enjoyable to listen to as it is to watch.
1.0 O Brother, Where Art Thou?" I'm glad that I found him.
1.0 There's no important message here, no contemporary re-working of an ancient classic. This, folks, is film-making that aims for nothing more profound than the funny bone. This, folks, in all its glory, is frivolous comedy.
0.7 The individual episodes are entertaining.
0.6 I settled in for something eccentrically referential and amusing. What I got was a boring mess.
0.6 This is a comedy in which I didn't laugh once nor did those around me.
0.5 There's a fundamental problem: a complete lack of humor. It's a comedy with no laughs.
0.625 Oh, brother!
0.7 Paul Feig once again shows that he understands how to draw only the best out of Melissa McCarthy, which ensures that Spy is a hilarious espionage thriller that doesn't skimp on the action.
0.875 A dizzyingly funny espionage comedy, with a non-farcical, non-spoof plot that works on a straightforward level, too.
0.6 Empowering but uneven.
0.8 [It made] the audience howl so loudly that it was hard to hear some of the lines.
0.8 Slapstick humor and fun premise kids will love.
0.375 ...I did enjoy [Mr. Belding's] cameo, but that doesn't change the fact that watching the movie is akin to sitting inside a Chuck E. Cheese for an hour and a half.
0.5 The moral of Max Keeble's Big Move is that it's awfully easy to say the right thing after getting away with the wrong thing.
0.3 Chances are that only kids will find the movie funny and entertaining.
0.5 A Disney Channel sitcom pilot that no one over 13 would ever want to watch.
0.8 This movie is just for fun, and it fits the bill.
0.6 Pretty light-hearted and, at times, quite funny.
0.375 Young kids may like it (others stay far away), but it is guaranteed that no audience member, young or old, will be able to relate to it.
0.7 A welcome slice of pie in the face.
0.625 Bland, occasionally funny Disney comedy about a wayward seventh-grader.
0.7 While it far too often lapses into retread juvenile slapstick humour and doesn't finish particularly strong, there is at least a whiff of originality wafting from this one.
0.3 This clunky juvenile comedy lurches among multiple story lines without fully realizing the comic potential of any.
0.25 There's little invention here to disguise the film's formulaic nature.
0.625 Adds nothing especially notable to the pantheon of kids' cinema but offers ample, good-natured laughs for the 'tween' set.
0.5 Reportedly eight years in development, Max Keeble's Big Move still feels slapped together.
0.5 You will imagine that this is not the kind of movie that holds me spellbound.
0.625 Amusing for adults (at least this one), a blast and a half for pre-puberty members of the family, Max Keeble is just good junior high fun.
0.625 A pleasant family film that will mildly amuse adults and please the kids who've outgrown Barney.
0.25 Lands, like a newspaper tossed by an angry delivery boy, in the mud.
0.4 You'd be better off waiting to blow your disposable income when the real kiddie pics (Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter) come out next month.
0.375 This junior high school comedy, which is aimed more to the seven-year-old set, doesn't have much in it that's funny for any age group, even the younger ones.
0.625 Even when presented with a reasonably original idea for a kids' movie, Disney can always find a way to bleed all the color out of it.
0.375 This movie is so uncool, your male child could get beaten into a bloody pulp if you take him to see it.
0.2 It's easily the worst thing ever released with the name of Walt Disney on it.
0.8 Any Cassavetes is worthwhile viewing
0.6 More than any other recent film I can think of, Gloria is a movie that depends on the mood you're in when you see it.
0.8 One of Cassavetes' most accessible and involving movies.
0.3 John Cassavetes made some iffy movies during his career, but none is worse than the original Gloria.
0.75 Tough, sweet, and goofy.
0.8 0.6
0.3 Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
0.0 To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
0.2 Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
0.375 You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
0.4 This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
0.3 Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
0.6 In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
0.2 Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
0.4 The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
0.4 Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
0.2 A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
0.6 Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
0.4 We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
0.4 Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
0.4 Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
0.2 Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
0.4 While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
0.4 Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
0.4 Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
0.2 Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
0.6 Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
0.4 Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
0.6 ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
0.5 Morgans not worth hearing from.
0.75 A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
0.6 With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
0.375 You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
0.375 Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
0.5 Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
0.75 The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
0.25 It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
0.375 I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
0.25 Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
0.3 Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
0.4 Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
0.2 Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
0.2 A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
0.5 The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
0.375 Here's yet another movie that should be neither seen nor heard.
0.2 The romantic-comedy equivalent of a genetically-tweaked slab of meat, an over-engineered counterfeit whose marketing tells us a lie every instinct we have disputes.
0.5 It's clearly Parker's movie, and that's a shame.
0.2 Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan.
0.0 It's as if the film is a no-humour zone, and any attempt at a laugh gets sucked into a cinematic vacuum of mirthlessness.
0.4 trades on Hugh Grant's charm, Sarah Jessica Parker's fan base, and the general good will of the audience. At least one of those three has been sorely tested by the time the end credits roll. Possibly two
0.25 If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism, you will be cruelly fooled. The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius.
0.375 Yes, comedies thrive on broad strokes. But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we haven't traversed the country (if not in actuality, via television and film) is dispiriting.
0.2 Fish-out-of-water romcom is teen-friendly but a real snooze.
0.6 Mostly it's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks (Grant, Sam Elliott, and Mary Steenburgen) as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy.
0.6 A comedy with mostly likable, broadly drawn characters; tart, nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin; and well-timed, modestly sophisticated repartee.
0.4 Predictable, leaden, unfunny and unnecessary.
0.2 So now you can say, indeed, you have heard about the Morgans, smile politely, and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex.
0.5 Adorable if adulterous and agnostic salad-fancying nitwit city slickers save their marriage with the help of a God-fearing, meat-eating 'Sarah Palin' and her sheriff husband in what could be described as 'Green Acres' in Red State drag, plus guns.
0.2 Did you hear about the worst rom-com of 2009? It's this one!
0.2 Where is Richard Curtis when you need him?
0.125 If it wasn't for Hugh Grant, Did You Hear About The Morgans? would be competing for worst comedy of the decade. Instead, it's just in the running for worst comedy of the year.
0.5 Did You Hear About the Morgans? is about as stereotypical as a stereotypical romantic comedy can get
0.375 Not even the clumsy title bears any evidence of inspiration, which actually makes it a nice fit for writer-director Marc Lawrence's dud of a script.
0.2 This is a film that does roughly the same thing for the concept of star-powered romantic comedies that Tiger Woods has done for the concept of marital fidelity.
0.25 Sometimes it's unpleasant, sometimes it's insincere, and for long stretches it's boring. There are good parts, too, but they all come in the first 10 minutes.
0.375 A smug, New-York-is-the-center-of-the-universe comedy that doesn't have enough humor to compensate for its misplaced sense of superiority...
0.25 A painful failure, lumpish and crude.
0.375 A fish-out-of-water comedy that flops around on the dock for a while before eventually, and mercifully, expiring.
0.375 The movie doesn't just quickly run out of its fish-out-of-water jokes but doesn't have any unique or funny gags in its arsenal the moment the couple from New York City lands in Wyoming.
0.375 A somewhat amusing yet trite example of the modern-day screwball comedy.
0.375 There's no sense of affection. No passion, even when they fight. Their dialogue rings hollow. These two aren't believable and their relationship is a black hole. Who cares?
0.25 An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy.
0.75 It doesn't pretend to be an awards contender, and yet, oddly enough this year, it's far more entertaining and astutely written than the majority of recent releases that are.
0.375 This is what happens when you throw reliable talent at an awful script.
0.1 You know the line about what a bear does in the woods? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans?, it describes the movie as well.
0.625 It's not great art, but it has a certain goofy effervescence, mostly thanks to Hugh Grant.
0.375 Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans? Really, you don't want to.
0.375 This alleged screwball comedy is almost laughless. It's one of the most surprising comedy duds of the year.
0.2 It would be acceptable if all this fakeness lead to something legitimately funny. Instead, we're left bemused and bored.
0.5 Always fully aware it need not involve big words or ideas to offer light entertaining fare even if there's only so far you can take such a predictable premise.
0.375 Did You Hear About the Morgans? has no room for surprises.
0.375 Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time.
0.5 It's hard to imagine why you'd want to pay to be talked down to and coddled like a baby.
0.0 It's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie. It's the sound of dead crickets.
0.2 You see, city folk are like this, and country folk are like that.
0.0 Why isn't there a federal program to protect people from witnessing movies like this?
0.5 Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple, but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled.
0.25 Lawrence's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life, his struggles to find something funny about local "types" (an unworldly doctor and his naive-nitwit nurse), his "grizzly encounter" scene, are painful to watch.
0.9 One of the best laugh til you cry comedies of the last decade.
0.375 Writers need to start shaking things up a bit. Have the couple split up for actual reasons. Allow them to see other people or go in a whole new direction. This ending has been done. This whole film has been done. The plot is tired. Let it rest.
0.6 It's not insightful or original about anything more than a generic self-esteem boost for goony dudes who dream of hot babes, but it's never not doing cartwheels to make you laugh.
0.7 The story relies on the strength of the characters and effectiveness of the comedy to keep it going. And for the most part it works.
0.6 She's Out Of My League might be the most important romantic comedy of the past twenty five years. If only it was funny enough to warrant such an accolade.
0.6 She's Out of My League is not big on originality, yet it scores points for addressing self esteem and body image issues amongst young males.
0.5 Tends to be off-putting, which is a shame, because it's on to something about the dynamic between put-together women and the legions of nervous men who shoot themselves in the feet while longing for them. [Blu-ray]
0.84 ...has a few quality moments, and it doesn't default to the angry ugliness of so many fraternity-boy sexual comedies.
0.875 A charming romantic comedy that lets Mr. Wrong win at love for a refreshing change of pace.
0.625 manages to strike a workable balance between the crass and the poignant, even if it sells some of its characters a bit short
0.4 ...largely silly, if well meaning, inoffensive but predictable, unoriginal, and bland.
0.4 Hops along no more than hopefully towards its inevitable conclusion that losers sometimes win.
0.6 A totally acceptable, completely forgettable romcom that will make you laugh a fair few times, before floating harmlessly out of your life.
0.4 Formulaic and inoffensively bland.
0.6 Jay Baruchel gets his shot at Hollywood leading-man status in this likable, goofy romcom. And I have to say I'd rather be watching him than the ubiquitous Shia LaBeouf.
0.4 Here is yet another American comedy in which a beautiful woman falls head over high heels in love with a worthless geek.
0.6 It's not half as bad as it sounds thanks to the likable, grounding presence of Baruchel, plus Nate Torrence as his chubby pal.
0.6 Eve sparkles, Baruchel amuses and the film as a whole is irresistible.
0.6 With his debut feature, English director Jim Field Smith handles the humour with skill. A solid if formulaic addition to the genre.
0.6 This is the rare one with unisex appeal - it's sweet and it's raunchy, and it has an underdog male lead of huge oddball charisma in Jay Baruchel.
0.8 A funny and charming romcom.
0.6 Fast, frequently funny and isn't a chore to watch. Measured on its own dating scale, She's Out Of My League is a solid six with room to climb higher.
0.6 The gross-out level is kept to a minimum and the language is reasonably clean, making it a refreshing change from similar testosterone-fueled movies.
0.7 For all its rude humour and chucklehead antics, this is actually a sweet and shy romantic comedy. It also boosts Jay Baruchel into leading-man status with a thoroughly charming performance.
0.6 While there's no particular originality to proceedings, each character is eminently likeable, and while that doesn't neccesarily translate to memorable comedic gold, it just about works well as a new contender.
0.8 Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny romcom with likeable characters, a witty script, a steady stream of laugh-out-loud gags and terrific performances from its two leads.
0.4 Like its hero, it has hidden depths -- it's just a shame they're not allowed to shine.
0.4 The direction from first-timer Jim Field Smith is bland and without character, and you feel that if someone with more confidence and a swagger to their filmmaking had been in charge we'd have seen something that stepped beyond cinematic mediocrity
0.75 Sloppy, sometimes tasteless and at times silly, 'She's Out of My League' is a lovable mess. It's raunchy humor with a heart of gold.
0.6 Some half-way decent character comedy props up this otherwise pretty frivolous outing that marks burgeoning star Jay Baruchel's first cinematic leading role.
0.7 Although the film follows all the usual peaks and valleys of a typical rom-com, She's Out of My League gets a pass for making me laugh even when it's at its most formulaic.
0.4 ... inoffensive but strictly routine ...
0.75 If John Hughes has made Clerks 2, it might have went something like this.
0.4 I found some of the Judd Apatow films really funny. This is a pale imitation, not actually in their league at all.
0.6 The film is not an Apatow production but it feels like one.
0.625 Good-natured yet forgettable...
0.875 League an entertaining look at opposites in love.
0.6 A film that delivers amazingly raunchy humor and a fun love story. Actor Nate Torrence steals the film with a scene that will literally make you laugh so hard you will cry.
0.4 has neither the comedy nor the romance nor the insight to deepen its central gimmick
0.625 The hackneyed conceit of the dork who dreams big earns a zero for originality, but the cast -- which includes Mike Vogel, T.J Miller, and Krysten Ritter as friends of the mismatched couple -- is close to an 8.
0.6 Too much profanity and crude talk but at heart it is an endearing romantic comedy which should raise the ante on Baruchel and Eve's careers
0.7 It is mindless fun, especially for Baruchel fans, with a little heart and surprising charm thrown in for good measure.
0.5 Like the confused hero standing at the cross-tarmac of his life, this film isn't sure which way's up. Derisive, sophomoric humor or perky rom-com? Underwear jokes or glowing life lessons on personal evolution?
0.5 Mildly amusing and charming, but often bland, tedious and not nearly as funny as it could have been with a gutsier and more imaginative screenplay.
0.8 Every man's fantasy is a hot relationship with a drop-dead gorgeous, head-turning fox. At age 14 reality sinks in and most guys realize it's never going to happen.
0.7 The four actors have an appealing rapport -- as offhandedly sweet as it is determinedly raunchy -- and Miller and Vogel especially enliven pretty standard fare.
0.75 This raunchy piece of Judd Apatow-lite is a tart confection with a sweet center.
0.6 If you combined Knocked Up with There's Something About Mary...you'd have some idea of how oddly disjointed yet ultimately satisfying She's Our of My League is.
0.4 Jay Baruchel, a funny and solid supporting player, is not quite ready for the big leagues with this lackluster rom-com.
0.7 As crude buddy comedies go, it's a shave above.
0.75 It's still an R-rated comedy with its fair share of raunchy moments, but it's also clever and disarmingly sweet. Not a "10," but certainly a "7," with bonus points for exceeding expectations.
0.625 The writers and director Jim Field Smith show a refreshing level of commitment to something besides broad caricatures and crotch jokes.
0.8 Nothing would work, though, without the appealing Baruchel.
0.75 There are compensations, in Baruchel's performance and in Eve's too (now that's an ingenue's name).
0.3 The premise might work if the film were content to be a fairly undistinguished example of over-the-top gross-out comedy.
0.6 ... skirts the gummy shoals of the profane, [yet still] heartwarming, laugh-out-loud funny, and actually sort of romantic in a puckishly real world way
0.6 If the Farrelly Brothers and Judd Apatow somehow mated, the result of their union might be She's Out of My League.
0.625 The two leads create a sweet, believable romance that deserves a better movie.
0.9 The movie's terrific -- it's easily my favorite film released so far this year.
0.6 It's a little rushed, and a little rough around the edges, but She's Out of My League is genuinely nutty and funny, and with some likeable characters at its center.
0.6 And even if League isn't up to the Judd Apatow/Kevin Smith standards of smart-guy rom-coms, it's still funny and charming enough to rate as a lovely little post-Oscar season date movie.
0.7 It kind of feels like Smith, Anders and Morris just threw as many jokes on the wall as they could and saw how many of them would stick. Fortunately, enough of them do adhere to said wall that you'll forget about most of the ones that don't.
0.5 Demonstrates how hard it is to achieve that Apatow balance between aww-inspiring tenderness and wince-inducing body-fluid slapstick...
0.75 It's funny, and kinda sweet, but they shouldn't classify it as comedy. It's sci-fi/fantasy.
0.6 Has a lot of spirit and heart and actually quite sweet, but it tries to shoehorn too many ideas into one movie and not all of them work.
0.25 The movie clearly aspires to rise to the smutty-but-sweet synergy of other, better films. But She's Out of My League can't touch them.
0.5 Scenes that should be grotesquely funny (man helps another man with his intimate grooming, or the appearance of a Hall & Oates cover band) deliver only chuckles rather than a big payoff.
0.625 She's Out of My League is a rowdy blast because the spiky young cast treats the played-out script like virgin territory. That's acting!
0.25 The leads are better than the movie deserves. Baruchel is likable, and Eve comes off as somewhat more human than you expect in efforts like this.
0.75 We may know exactly where Kirk and Molly are headed -- he can't get over his good fortune and she can't abide being put on a pedestal -- but the movie keeps upending our expectations and provoking laughs.
0.5 While it's a bigger fantasy film than The Lord of the Rings, it owns its implausibility in a way that endures rather than repulses.
0.2 There's barely a smirk in all of its padded hour and 45 minutes...
0.25 You're out of its league.
0.625 A surprisingly sweet-natured affair with solid performances.
0.625 This bad-mannered love story has a funny foul mouth with a few bright spots of charm.
0.5 It's short on clever humor and big on convention and formula.
0.625 A diverting showcase for Baruchel and Eve, who are excellent arguments for the proposition that there's more to a person than looks.
0.5 Baruchel and the others make this often-crude comedy work when it probably shouldn't.
0.5 While Baruchel is fun to root for and watch flail about like a pipe-cleaner in the wind, this movie encourages a sick desire in me - to see Michael Cera and all the runners-up in the Mr. Puniverse Contest knocked down a peg...
0.75 I'll say this: it's neither a "5" nor a "10," but somewhere in between.
0.4 It's undeniably formulaic stuff. The film seems to actively invite comparisons with Apatow's oeuvre.
0.3 Instantly forgettable.
0.75 We like them, and we're not used to characters in a comedy like this being so blunt, honest, and self-aware.
0.6 By mixing the sweetness of "Say Anything" with the silliness of "There's Something About Mary," "She's Out of My League" works as well as it does thanks to a real sense of heart and a killer ensemble.
0.6 Impossible to hate.
0.375 Yet another irritating, frustrating, artificial Hollywood product that trades honesty and depth for grade school immaturity and a bunch of lazy, derivative, totally unfunny jokes involving sexual organs and bodily fluids.
0.5 It's too hellbent on becoming the next "There's Something About Mary" or Judd Apatow offshoot to realize it's finest quality is its tender heart.
0.75 Hardly original, but it knows what works: Think of it as 'The Twentysomething (Almost) Virgin.' It even has an unfortunate male grooming scene similar to the chest-waxing in "Virgin," though this one focuses on an area a wee bit south of that.
0.375 An uninspired romantic comedy/male self-esteem pep-talk that seems to be yearning for viewer affection despite its all-around mediocrity.
0.75 I laughed out loud a handful of times and chuckled on a regular basis. In the end, isn't that all we really want from those sweet, mindless comedies Hollywood continues to offer?
0.3 A movie can't achieve a nakedly honest dude vibe like I Love You, Man when the characters are this irritating.
0.5 No, we still don't believe them as a couple. No, there aren't many surprises here.
0.5 I laughed here and there at She's Out of My League, but I sort of hated everything it had to say about nerds and babes and the sliding scale of self-image.
0.75 The movie is not a comedy classic. But in a genre where so many movies struggle to lift themselves from zero to one, it's about, oh, a six point five.
0.3 There's an interesting, funny, quietly devastating film to be made from the core idea here -- that of an average guy so convinced of his unworthiness that he subconsciously sabotages a golden romantic opportunity -- but this overly broad exercise in set-p
0.7 What elevates She's Out of My League -- it doesn't turn a 5 into a 10, but it helps -- is heart, of which its characters have a surprising plenty.
0.25 ...will surely test the patience of even the film's target demographic of indiscriminating 12-year-olds.
0.2 Forgettable farce
0.8 Surprisingly sharp and funny. Fox, Douglas, and Travis are gems.
0.6 Douglas, Fox and Travis are a riotous threesome!
0.7 One of those "breathless ensemble farces" that I always seem to like. (See also: "Clue" & "Noises Off")
0.2 This is simply an assembly of cinematic cliches.
0.25 Please, oh please, make these teen-targeted romantic comedies go away.
0.25 Whatever It Takes is one of the worst and most inept teen movies I've seen since last year's Jawbreaker.
0.5 What you're actually hearing is the sound of a really old coot preaching a very practised sermon.
0.625 Whatever It Takes is certainly nothing new or ground-breaking, but for what it is, it's entertaining and slightly above-average.
0.2 This is about as lame as teen comedy/romance films come.
0.4 It never has enough confidence to let itself go and shock or surprise the audience.
0.7 Worthy sentiments all, but not exactly fresh insights.
0.2 Made-for-TV blandness.
0.375 Still another movie arguing that the American teenager's IQ level hovers in the low 90s.
0.375 Like some kind of perverse cinematic plague, the teen comedies keep coming, each looking like a more washed-out xerox of the last one.
0.1 The script's way of handling its romantic complications is unusually obtuse and insensitive.
0.625 Whatever It Takes is light, fluffy, fast-paced, and through the sludge of overdone ideas are a couple original moments.
0.5 Despite its formulaic plot and all-too-tired themes, this John Hughes-movie wannabe has just enough quirky charm to compensate for its generic story.
0.5 This is the cinematic equivalent of those over-the-hill jocks who show up at their high school's game wearing a mothballed letter-jacket.
0.0 With a running time of 92 minutes, Whatever It Takes is too long by an hour and a half.
0.25 Another lowest-common- denominator high school romance made from the cannibalized parts of equally unambitious teen fare.
0.4 Besides being strictly perfunctory, the movie is marked by its offhand sense of cruelty.
0.5 Emotional falsehood permeates the picture, but at least the young actors are appealing.
0.25 An assembly-line high-school comedy that flunks miserably in all three subjects.
0.5 A blessedly obscure little movie that you won't be finding on Whoopi's career highlights reel.
0.6 Whoopi Goldberg se esforca ao maximo para prender a atencao do espectador, mas o roteiro (escrito por seis pessoas!) anula suas tentativas com uma historia previsivel e repleta de cliches.
0.5 Whoopi Goldberg becomes the coach of the Knicks in this silly and utterly harmless sports comedy. Too bad it just isn't funny.
0.2 One of those Whoopi Goldberg movies that makes you wonder about her career sense
0.3 Basically moronic Whoopi basketball comedy.
0.75 It's a fresh, funny, engaging picture that sets up an arresting situation and then follows through on it realistically.
0.1 It's a movie that makes you feel cheated and offended, because someone came up with a poster and a marketing plan to which they had to attach an actual movie, and you had the nerve to believe it was going to be a comedy.
0.25 There's no doubt she's funny, but she could be so much more.
0.625 As long as the hoopsters mix it up with the Whoopster, it's fun. A second-string story keeps interrupting, though.
0.0 If the people responsible for Eddie were trying to make a statement about greed in professional sports with this laughless comedy, they didn't just miss the shot -- they missed the rim, net and backboard completely.
0.0 Even cameos from such NYC luminaries as Ed Koch, Rudy Giuliani, Donald Trump, Sirajul & Mujibar, and appearances from NBA legends Walt Frazier, Rodman, the Spurs, Kings, and Pacers can't save this foul dog. And no Billy Barty, to boot.
0.2 Avoid.
0.4 Easy-going, safe and stale.
0.375 This sounds like a sensational scenario, but, alas, almost everything in betweenis recycled out of lightweight sports-movie cliches, and the movie never captures the electricity and excitement of the real NBA.
0.375 It's a dull, stale affair with suspenseless game sequences, humorless jokes, and pathetic drama.
0.625 Eddie certainly would have been a mess without Goldberg to add an unexpected feminine view. It probably would have been a failure, too because she's the only thing drawing women to this sports picture.
0.7 Ms. Goldberg has everything it takes -- terrific lungs, endless wisecracks, that ear-to-ear grin -- to play the New York Knicks fan who is the star of this Cinderella story.
0.5 Besides the fact that it's full of near-misses, the movie's charming leads salvage it from being just another predictable romantic drama.
0.4 Predictable romance has teen sex, drinking.
0.8 Managed to win me over with a combination of British charm, clever writing, and well-executed performances.
0.5 "Love, Rosie" is one of those annoying movies in which everything would be just fine if the two central characters had a simple conversation that cleared up all their misunderstandings.
0.625 Love, Rosie's early charm fades by the end, given that, as time (and the movie) wears on, neither Rosie nor Alex get any more mature when it comes to matters of the heart.
0.4 Do you really want to expose your adolescent daughter to 100 minutes of the beautiful Lily Collins accepting second-best, over and over and over and over and over and over and over again?
0.5 A visually pleasing film, given to framing the characters in dappled sunlight that peeks through windblown leaves. It's a pity the rest of the project is so poorly executed.
0.5 The problem isn't that Rosie and Alex aren't charming; in fact, they're both thoroughly nice and endearing and attractive, so much so that I lost interest in them pretty quickly.
0.3 "A Styrofoam heart and an embarrassingly juvenile worldview guide 'Love, Rosie,' the latest pit stop for rising stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin."
0.5 The good-hearted and intermittently sweet Love, Rosie attempts through sheer force of will to convince viewers that its good-looking protagonists are a good match.
0.7 Cynics should steer clear, but Love, Rosie boasts two charming leads, a genuinely sweet tenor and such a warm blend of humor and heart that it could easily become a new teen favorite.
0.5 A romance found wanting thanks to watered down chemistry between the stars.
0.5 It's all a bit of a mess really. Despite the likeability of the two stars - Lily Collins and Sam Claflin, whose mouth resembles Hugh Grant's - there is so much silliness in this film that I found it alienating.
0.6 As romantic-comedies go, this worthwhile, incident-packed effort deserves credit for spending the balance of its time exploring the underside of love...The last time we saw that done this well was 27 Dresses.
0.5 What all this adds up to is a film with the consistency of fairy floss, enjoyable provided you're not expecting substance of any kind at all.
0.2 [A] brightly moronic young adult romance.
0.4 It's not entirely unlikable, but there's nothing here to match the charm of the movies this imitates, nor justify the mood swings that it signally fails to negotiate.
0.4 If you've seen the trailer for this adaptation of Cecelia Ahern's second novel then you probably needn't bother forking out for a ticket as they more or less signpost just how the story pans out.
0.2 Maybe Dublin collectively dissociated itself from the project. Who'd blame it?
0.4 Collins has a gamine-like quality reminiscent of a young Audrey Hepburn but her effervescent charm isn't enough to hide the chronic absurdities in the storyline.
0.6 Love, Rosie is a cheery, sweetly funny will-they-won't-they teen rom-com that rolls on through the more complex twenties of Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) as their friendship, which began aged five, teeters on the cusp of love.
0.4 Everything is so calculated and phoney that you don't believe a word of it.
0.4 Amid the bungles, Collins is a bright spark.
0.2 Never before has one script screamed so loudly for a Carrie Fisher rewrite; anything at all to inject a little wit, decency or soul.
0.6 The destination may never be in doubt, but thanks to likeable performances from stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin this predictable film has a heart and soul that keeps it watchable for the duration.
0.4 A soapy heartstring fiddler ...
0.4 Celia Ahern's chick-lit novel about two friends who are secretly in love has been made into a not-quite-rubbish Brit romcom.
0.6 Cliched, predictable and unbearable in parts - but it never once loses sight of what it's trying to achieve, affectionately, and earnestly, adhering to the tropes of the romantic comedy genre.
0.6 Likeable leads and the odd good joke makes this romance an amiable time-passer.
0.4 That it wastes the talent of two young actors with star potential is upsetting, that it insults its audience is frankly unforgivable.
0.7 From the makers of the adorable British sitcom Outnumbered comes a lovely, fable-like tragi-comic tale about life, loss, lying and honesty.
0.8 The supporting cast will delight fans of British television.
0.6 Despite the serious subjects of death, divorce and family dysfunction, this remains a feel-good family movie
0.8 Connolly's on top form too, and the chemistry between Tennant and Pike convinces.
0.6 There are plenty of close-to-the-bone belly laughs as the estranged McLeods hit the road for Scotland, after which an unexpectedly morbid twist takes us into altogether darker territory ...
0.8 Although its story easily could have spun right off the rails, this British comedy uses earthy honesty to win the audience over.
0.4 A shambolic farcical twist is engineered that makes no practical, emotional or even comic sense.
0.8 You deserve some sort of honour if, as a creator of comedy, you devise a technique so solid that it can translate from TV to film without losing any of its personality
0.6 The film is funny, if predictable, about such subjects as motorway traffic jams, sibling rivalry and family feuding.
0.6 There's a lovely loose feel to What We Did on Our Holiday, partly down to the fact that while the adult characters have tightly scripted dialogue the child actors were allowed a good deal of leeway.
0.4 This holiday is about as much fun as a wet weekend in Chernobyl.
0.8 The tonal shifts can be a touch jarring, but there is a thin line between comedy and tragedy that is all the more poignant seen through innocent eyes.
1.0 Veryimpressive and likable stuff.
0.4 Is there any more tired device for illustrating growing attraction than a montage sequence where the characters make funny faces for photographs?
0.2 This garbled and nonsensical Brit farce has apparently been inspired by Kids Say The Funniest Things.
0.6 Despite a second act lull, Connolly convinces in this cute and charming comedy.
0.6 It's thought-provoking and unexpected, if not something to write home about in a hurry.
0.6 [It] has sincerity and genuine charm.
0.6 This is a strange and unexpected comedy that turns its cliched premise on its head and emerges with something worthwhile.
0.8 The comedy and the tragedy are deftly balanced but what impresses the most is the way everything unfolds from the children's perspective. As we drop down a couple of feet, it's the adult world that needs to grow up.
0.6 Amiable observational humour and likeable performances.
0.8 You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll probably book a holiday to the (beautifully shot) Highlands.
0.8 I can't quite believe that a film as cheesy-looking as What We Did On Our Holiday is this good, but it is. It really is.
0.8 What If is that rare romantic comedy that's able to fulfill both parts of the genre qualifications, while at the same time overcoming the limitations placed on it by the cumbersome and overused formula normally associated with it.
0.4 With little risk taken, here is a film you've seen a million times before, and sadly, will see a million times again.
0.6 With his first romantic-comedy, Daniel Radcliffe proves adept at delivering snappy dialogue and generating strong chemistry with his costars, so it's frustrating that the film is never remotely believable.
0.4 While Radcliffe and Kazan do their best with this skimpy material, their back-and-forth banter is, like, super-annoying?
0.625 Up until its cop-out denouement, What If manages to feel fresh even in spite of its well-worn elements.
0.75 This is a classic romantic comedy. Classic, by which I mean, quick-witted, and heartfelt.
0.6 This movie could leave you with the kind of indigestion that comes from formula.
0.6 Its plotting is predictable but Kazan and Radcliffe make a thoroughly engaging double act.
0.6 'What If' is 'When Harry Met Sally...' for the current generation. I guess you could call it 'When Harry Potter Met Zoe Kazan....' Has anyone used that yet? No? Good, then I'm stealing it.
0.6 Scored to inevitable strummy folk-pop, the film keeps itself amusingly busy until Wall and Chan do what it is they are going to do.
0.6 We're used to rom-coms that show off hot bodies (see Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in Friends With Benefits). With these two, it's their melancholy average-ness that make us go wow.
0.625 Long before the script permits the characters to acknowledge the obvious, you lose patience: Jump into the deep end of the bed already. It would be more fun and friendly to all concerned, especially the audience.
0.6 The whole thing is clearly trying much too hard, but in its earnest, sloppy way is impossible to hate, the way it's impossible to hate an ugly dog.
0.8 Smart, sweet, entirely predictable and completely engaging, What If is the kind of fairytale romantic comedy that sends you out with a big goofy smile on your face.
0.75 The dialogue is believable and funny, even if strays a little too often into the grotesque eating and toilet habits of the late Elvis Presley.
0.4 There are some reasonable moments, and Kazan brings all her cherubic prettiness and vulnerability, but I can't help thinking it appeared to better effect in her own romantic fantasy, Ruby Sparks.
0.5 None of it feels terribly authentic.
0.6 A pleasant surprise. Radcliffe shines.
0.6 The film's fine.
0.6 The plot may be easy to fathom, but the undercurrents are astutely played by the actors as they're forced to confront some uncomfortable truths and, somehow, move on.
0.6 For a kid who grew up in public and is worth an estimated 60 million, Daniel Radcliffe does a convincing job of playing a normal guy.
0.2 Radcliffe's fan club might get something out of this. But it had me pining for the grittier work of Lopez, Aniston and Diaz.
0.8 A light, unexpected delight.
0.6 Formulaic, familiar and predictable, but also likable and well-cast, with enough verve to keep it out of the rom-com bargain bucket.
0.6 Radcliffe and Kazan are appealing, even if their banter is a bit so-what.
0.8 What If is a winning diversion that punches well above its weight thanks to two well-cast leads and a terrific supporting turn from Driver.
0.3 Trifling and tedious, totally predictable rom-com - not even worth placing on your Netflix queue.
0.5 Director Michael Dowse ("Take Me Home Tonight") can't quite decide on a tone -- sly, whimsical or wacky? -- but the problem is the material.
0.75 Ultimately, "What If" hinges on whether you care if Wallace and Chantry will hook up. The filmmakers do everything possible to ensure you do.
0.75 If you want a good gauge for how you will like What If, think about how you feel about (500) Days of Summer.
0.6 "What If" is plenty charming in its way.
0.5 Radcliffe and Kazan's crucible becomes trying to fully inhabit characters who talk past each other, never amounting to more than the sum of their snark.
0.8 Sweet but mature romcom about friends in love.
0.5 There are a couple of terrific characters in What If, the sort around which you'd want to build a romantic comedy. But they're the best friends, not the protagonists.
0.625 It feels familiar and the appeal of the leads can't fully compensate for unremarkable dialogue and the obligatory (but nevertheless irritating) "romantic complications" subplot.
0.5 The two of them are good here, but theyire both capable of so much more. They elevate this mediocre material, but hereis hoping the pair meet again onscreen with characters and situations worthy of them.
0.75 In many ways, What If takes us down a road that When Harry Met Sally first traveled a quarter-century ago. Yet I didn't really mind revisiting the old friend vs. lover discussion, especially one with a contemporary slant and solid dialogue.
0.9 ... a poignant, sweet romance that will have you chuckling but that can bring tears to your eyes, highlighting Zoe Kazan, rapidly proving herself to be one of the finest actresses on the big screen.
0.875 What If doesn't break new ground. But it has charm to spare, and Radcliffe and Kazan are irresistible. No ifs about it.
0.625 A glorified sitcom, with outbreaks of awkward slapstick complete with bodily injuries, in the mode of TV's "New Girl" with its constant riff-happy repartee but three times as long.
0.5 Spall is likable, Kazan is adorable, Driver is amusing enough as the blowhard best friend, and Radcliffe as Wallace is . . . a passive-aggressive lump.
0.75 Even if the movie feels headed in a predictable direction, it's fun to follow it, and even if the characters sound a little interchangeable, it's still amusing to hear them speak.
0.75 It's Radcliffe and Kazan, clinking their takeout coffees (well, there's no clink in cardboard, is there?) and radiating soulful desire and distress, that make What If more than just an iffy affair.
0.6 Chemistry is a tough thing to quantify but Kazan and Radcliffe definitely have it.
0.83 What If draws on all the best tropes of the romantic comedy genre and transcends the sum of its parts with a sharp script, pleasing direction and charming stars.
0.75 It's essentially a contemporary "When Harry Met Sally" played out with 20-somethings, and there's nothing terribly wrong with that.
0.75 What if is less conventional and more winning than most films in this category.
0.625 If you can suspend your incredulity for a moment, "What If" has its bright moments. And that's thanks in large part to its leads, who manage to do what Radcliffe has always done well: conjure up a little magic.
0.8 Radcliffe is delightful, showcasing a sly, winning comedic style. Kazan's charms are a bit more twee (her character is also more undefined), but the warmth and energy between the two is undeniable.
0.75 Backed by a strong, well-chosen supporting cast, What If is smart enough to know how to use genre conventions without turning to cliches, and casts a gentle glow of warmth over all its characters.
0.4 Dowse blankets his love story with heavy layers of cutesy quirkiness, but there's no denying its conventional and derivative soul.
0.79 An all-too rare creature: an American indie rom com that can be taken seriously and doesn't leave you wondering where all the real people are.
0.8 What if smart, talented people re-invigorated the rom-com with sass, sex, and sarcasm while still keeping the romance and raw emotion? With What if, that hypothetical question has a very real - and very good - answer.
0.75 Radcliffe, who has been flirting with adulthood in his recent screen outings, arrives as a wry, unconventionally handsome leading man. And Kazan is radiant.
0.5 Why did the film's charms elude me? I felt arm-twisted by "What If," for all its tossed-off verbiage and wisecracking.
0.8 The success of a romcom all comes down to whether you have a stake in seeing the couple together at the end. I have not rooted for the happiness of fictional characters so hard this year.
0.6 What If sings an old, familiar tune, but it does so with palpable enthusiasm and without missing a note.
0.8 As with Goon before it, director Michael Dowse's charmingly crude sensibilities elevate What If above the genre conventions it leans heavily on.
0.25 The movie is saturated with cute, teeming with cute, rancid with cute. I'd endured all a man could fairly be expected to take when I glanced at my watch and realized there were still 95 minutes to go.
0.6 The more it tries to be smart, the more disappointing it is whenever it scampers back to rom-com convention.
0.75 Radcliffe proves he can handle the witticisms and warmth of a romantic comedy
0.9 For everyone still trying to make the perfect modern romantic comedy, What If comes the closest thanks to brilliant writing and a terrific cast at the top of their game.
0.375 Right up to its simplistic ending, the film is pleased to regurgitate the contrived tropes of the genre without ever honestly addressing the ethics of romantic boundaries.
0.76 Some fresh insights and new slants on the pesky question: can a man and a woman be friends and not lovers?
0.625 ...a decent romantic comedy that could (and should) have been so much better.
0.8 It has the same kind of young smart set speak that you hear all the time in Lena Dunham's Girls.
0.8 Best indie rom-com since 500 DAYS OF SUMMER.
0.4 It's really hard to finish. It's liable to leave you queasy.
0.72 Elevated from an above-average romantic comedy to a movie worthy of being embraced by a generation of twenty somethings because it refuses to let its characters off the hook.
0.6 The film has some genuine things to say about where you draw the line between loving someone and falling in love with someone
0.4 although not offensively bad, there is little to recommend this knockabout comedy.
0.5 "The Last Godfather" is more harmlessly amiable than outright awful, though it might still be best to just forget about it.
0.5 By the time we've reached the third film in this series, we have fallen a bit into a formula.
0.8 Wholesome and endearing dog movie.
0.8 it takes a lot of love to enjoy it. Fortunately, there's a lot of fandom crossover between Family Guy and Star Wars.
0.6 Crude humor, pop culture references in animated Jedi spoof.
0.625 Thin Ice's troubled production history - the film was famously taken away from director Jill Sprecher and re-edited following its Sundance premiere - can't quite dampen what is, for the most part, an entertaining little comedy/thriller...
0.5 It builds suspense slowly and surely as things begin to come apart for Kinnear, but it eventually grows tiresome and the twist ending is still a bit hard to swallow.
0.88 ...the film that has made its way into theaters is no disgrace to any of the names in the credits. Still, it would be very interesting to see the movie that the Sprechers intended to make.
0.625 The movie's gently snowbound Midwestern setting blunts some of the story's harsher edges, and the characters mostly feel real.
0.6 ... the ride is pretty giddy ...
0.5 It's just a little slow getting started.
0.5 The movie never fully clicks.
0.625 Sprecher and her co-writer sister Karen seem to have gone through a card file of used ideas to cobble together this black comedy.
0.625 An amusingly nerve-wracking trek into the snow and out onto the ice with those funny folks in the land of "you betcha."
0.8 It's convoluted and clever, and on that score it works quite nicely. But if you're looking for something substantial beyond this, you're looking for a different movie.
0.5 A climactic twist tries to make the movie that preceded it more interesting in retrospect than it was while it unfolded, but the plot is too implausible -- too unbelievable, really -- to be clever.
0.5 Thin Ice is choppy, its tone jumps, it has an unnecessary voice-over, and one wonders about the easy, sappy ending. One also wonders what the original movie was like before it fell through the thin ice of manipulation.
0.75 As a caustic comedy, "Thin Ice" resides just slightly south of "Fargo."
0.4 If Mickey were a little less sneaky, he'd be the perfect protagonist for these hard economic times.
0.8 Ingenious, cleverly plotted engima.
0.6 The strong ensemble makes the relatively weak script easier to take as the film skates over some treacherous rough patches but never falls through.
0.75 Call me a sucker, but Thin Ice played me like a violin.
0.75 There's nothing like the macabre to bring intrigue to an ordinary life, and nothing like the logistics of body disposal to challenge an insurance salesman.
0.9 Terrific performances by Kinnear, Crudup, and Arkin highlight this terrific black comedy.
0.5 If only the film were as good as Kinnear.
0.5 The movie is familiar and generic, a pastiche that often reminds you of other, better films.
0.75 Kinnear and director Jill Sprecher make you feel Mickey's squirming desperation, even if the ending feels like a cop-out.
0.625 In the end, it's a little too much like its own main character. It wants the big results. But it's not willing to put in the hard work to really earn them.
0.6 With a wink, a nudge and a heaping portion of Midwestern charm, "Thin Ice" reels us in.
0.75 Director Jill Sprecher keeps things moving at a fast and funny pace, with the narrative's sleazy underpinnings well disguised by the Upper Midwestern niceties.
0.5 With a handful of blackly humorous jolts and some game performances by a good cast, "Thin Ice" is a watchable, if not terribly original, piece of Midwestern noir.
0.4 It would like to remind you of "Fargo" - what with all the snow, the grubbiness and greed, the exaggerated accents and off-kilter rhythms - and it kind of does, but in a dispiriting way.
0.875 Director Jill Sprecher and sister/writer Karen Sprecher have applied several layers of plot to their chilly thriller, and it's a kick to watch it play out.
0.6 There is some sinister fun to be had in watching Kinnear skating toward disaster on ice that is very thin indeed.
0.75 Jill Sprecher's "Thin Ice" is a small, likable movie about a small, not particularly likable man.
0.75 Thin Ice is deeper than it first appears.
0.875 This is an icy cocktail of greed, betrayal and murder to be savored.
0.25 It takes too long for us to get the information we need to interest us in what's going on, there's no wit or suspense and all of the characters are unpleasant.
0.7 Some may think of it as jayvee Coen brothers or Hitchcock -- the influences are obvious -- but Sprecher brings her own style to the movie.
0.9 The Sprecher sisters stay on message with another thought-provoking morality play about ethics in times when dishonesty reigns.
0.7 While Kinnear is a good choice for this particular film's leading man, it is Crudup that really steals the show.
0.6 When a movie is this predicated on aping the Coen brothers (effectively, it should be added, in fits and starts), surprise won't be its strong suit.
0.375 The icy fatalism of film noir is turned to slush by Thin Ice, a crime saga that reduces its chosen genre to a series of atonal, old-hat cliches.
0.75 Whirlwind direction, witty quips from screenwriter Nunnally Johnson, and the seasoned Stewart's likability ensure that the laughs keep coming in this fun film.
0.6 Some of the incidents are funny, some are so-so, some are flat. And, of course, in the end, it is concluded that for all this, the family is still strong.
0.6 Moderately enjoyable.
0.6 Far from a masterpiece, but Rhodes gives Buscemi a role ripe with emotion and a fascinating complexity. Buscemi returns the favor by powering the film with an engaging oddity.
0.7 The performances are strong--even the minor characters--and the atmosphere and tone are spot-on for a dark comedy.
0.6 good for a quick laugh, but ultimately an empty gesture.
0.75 Comic casting and comic timing pay off in most scenes, with Dinklage landing the big laughs, Malco doing his wise-guy-talking-down-to-the-doofus patter and Buscemi just bugging out and reacting to the craziness.
0.6 ... slightly less than the sum of its parts ...
0.5 Don't get me wrong. I loved Buscemi's low-key performance. But I'm less crazy about the movie, which is sometimes oddly timed and funny and sometimes just plain flat.
0.3 The script is both overly simple and unnecessarily complex. As we wander west without tension or purpose across an airless desert, the trip isn't all that enjoyable. For God's sake, are we there yet?
0.375 It's a kind of cinematic purgatory, halfway between eternal reward and eternal damnation. The question is: What did I do to deserve such mediocrity?
0.2 Theoretically, Saint John of Vegas may look good from a distance, but when seen up close it's only a house of cards.
0.25 Saint John of Las Vegas was a bad script that somehow got made into a bad movie with good people in it.
0.5 For all its clever quirkiness, the end product seems flat and over-thought, which isn't to say it's a bad first step for this ambitious novice director, just a long way from something that will set the world on fire.
0.625 It's minor, but I enjoyed it, largely because of the people on-screen, but also for the sneaky sincerity of writer-director Hue Rhodes' chronicle of one compulsive gambler's slouch toward redemption.
0.5 This movie is all elbows. Nothing fits. It doesn't add up. It has some terrific free-standing scenes, but they need more to lean on.
0.7 A road trip to Vegas turns into a road trip to Hell in this great little romp with the master of misfortune, Steve Buscemi.
0.5 The indie trifecta of clunky voiceover, scrambled chronology, and dream sequences can't fatten the slight story.
0.25 A funereally unfunny comedy by debut writer-director Hue Rhodes.
0.5 First-time director Hue Rhodes, who shifted from a career in IT to go to film school, invests too much screen time pursuing the quirky rather than nailing down a story.
0.7 A dark comedy that drolly tweaks idiosyncratic versions of the American Dream as a hilarious assortment of characters tempt a sad sack gambling addict in the Nevada desert.
0.2 This disjointed, desperately whimsical film is simply not funny: not for a minute.
0.625 [Its] randomly flung-in episodes are just quirky padding around a thin, one-twist story.
0.4 The oft-used ploy of forcing an odd couple into a car and sending them off to uncharted territory is trotted out yet again here, but to minimal comic or emotional effect.
0.375 First-time director and screenwriter Hue Rhodes shows no discernible talent for dialogue, humor and, especially, pacing. For a movie than runs a mere 85 minutes, Saint John moves like a life sentence in molasses prison.
0.7 Such an inventive and quirky film, it's hard to ignore what a distinctive voice Rhodes brings to indie comedy. Casting Buscemi in this role couldn't be more perfect.
0.25 A tone-deaf odyssey of personal discovery striving to echo Dante's Inferno.
0.5 The promised quirkiness is muted and dull, and the stakes seem much lower than they ought to.
0.4 Doesn't break any new ground. In fact, it resembles any number of quirky indie character pieces.
0.5 Saint John of Las Vegas marches in lockstep with virtually every cliche of the modern independent film.
0.71 Isn't horrible and isn't a classic either.
0.375 As long as yahoo endeavors like this keep getting financed, don't expect the South to rise again any time soon.
0.75 ...how many other opportunities are you going to get to hear Andy Griffith use a particularly nasty euphemism for prison rape?
0.7 American Dreamz tries hard to be both important and farcical, but it leans a bit too much towards farce without being funny enough to pull that off either. It's decent, but uninspired.
0.3 Did writer-director Paul Weitz think that U.S. audiences would be too dumb to appreciate actual satire?
0.75 A comedy that delivers in every way, "American Dreamz" easily gets my vote.
0.5 Viewers are left with nearly two hours of dull, rather obvious gags.
0.75 In a way, this film talks out of both sides of its mouth -- lampooning and loving its targets at the same time. But most viewers, I suspect, won't mind.
0.875 It has the good sense to hold up a mirror to ourselves, only instead of making us feel guilty and stupid, it makes us feel inclusive and in on the big joke.
0.4 A satire that sets its sights too high and elicits only a few laughs here and there.
0.4 his movie, full of easy swipes at easy targets, comes off like that overly chummy guy at a party who got drunk too early and goes around taking too long to set up a joke that's already been beaten to death.
0.3 Dreamz is a nightmare!
0.7 Cleverly written and performed, it's entertaining but uneven.
0.4 Subtlety and sincerity go out the window in favour of crass stereotypes and easy jibes ...
0.4 ... American Dreamz is kind of all over the place from the beginning.
0.4 For all its misguided qualities, the movie is at least perfectly cast.
0.4 There's a brilliant movie here somewhere, but it's never quite brought out.
0.375 No legitimate characters or performances here, just impersonations of the easy target clods that grace the stage of 'American Idol' and White House press conferences.
0.5 A sociopolitical satire with a lot of bark, but not enough bite.
0.375 A supporting cast&mdash;including Marcia Gay Harden, and Jennifer Coolidge&mdash;are tragically underused and what little material they're given has been dumbed-down.
0.375 Somewhat silly and more than somewhat tasteless, "American Dreamz" isn't as smart as it thinkw it is.
0.75 Weitz's rousing satire is no dream: It's the mad, mad real world of America in the year 2006.
0.375 Pokes fun at a program that doesn't take itself seriously, cutting down easy targets like an eighth-grade bully picking fights with first graders.
0.6 As are most satires, this is silly and humorous with good performances. I squirmed quite a bit during the first hour, but Grant's performance is probably worth the price of admission.
0.7 This is a heady mix, but it sounds funnier than it plays, because it needed a Billy Wilder level of cynicism, and Weitz doesn't have anything like that.
0.5 This isn't a black comedy -- it's more like a whiter shade of pale.
0.5 So much potential left unused...frustrating. I walked out of American Dreamz feeling good, but it was the kind of fluffy good that this movie should have been mocking, not emulating.
0.5 doesn't seem to have anything poignant to say, opting instead to recycle broad generalities that have already been run into the ground on late night talk shows.
0.5 When the most sympathetic character in the movie is a potential suicide bomber, you know something's wrong.
0.625 You won't know whether or not to recommend it to your friends. They'll ask you if it was good or bad, and you'll only be able to respond with "yes."
0.6 okay for what it is
0.75 What's interesting about the movie is that, while it's only moderately funny, it's extremely amusing...It held my interest throughout.
0.5 has as much acidic bite as a marshmallow sundae. ...It beats a drum, turns on a neon sign, demands your attention and then forgets what it wanted to say in the first place.
0.5 The off-the-cuff slaphappy material feels too stretched out and relentlessly spotty to emphasize any pinpoint intellectual political humor. Slight in its sarcastic overtones...
0.6 It's an interesting mix of American Idol and suicide bombers that almost works... They could have dreamed a bit bigger.
0.8 Enjoyable, sharply-observed satire with a great script and strong comic performances from the entire cast.
0.5 Paul Weitz's satirical farce gets the details right while missing the big picture.
0.625 Like a commander-in-chief who's too good-naturedly dumb to be dangerous, the writer-director is ultimately too forgiving to do much bruising. (Or maybe too calculating, which kind of blurs into the same thing.)
0.625 American Dreamz is often a lot of fun, thanks to Weitz's cast.
0.75 American Dreamz is the rare case of a movie that gets better as it goes along.
0.75 The topics of American Dreamz are very broad, but the targeting is often lasered.
0.6 Perhaps because both elements are such ultra-easy targets for satire, the film works only about half the time.
0.5 Weitz suffers what can only be called a failure of will. He backs off when he should be bearing down.
0.75 As the movie reaches its delirious climax with the American Dreamz finale that brings all the disparate characters together, it's purely delightful. You might hate yourself for laughing at a some of the jokes, but you will laugh.
0.4 American Dreamz isn't mean enough or funny enough.
0.375 It's a disappointing effort from witty writer-director Paul Weitz (American Pie, In Good Company). He tries to weave a subversive tapestry a la Nashville but only tells a story full of holes.
0.375 A cartoonish, unfocused and mostly unfunny satire that doesn't come within a hundred miles of hitting its two main targets.
0.625 The devilishness of satire is in the details, and [Paul] Weitz's script just isn't as funny or as consistently sharp as it should be.
0.625 Ultimately, it neglects to pin the tail on the donkey that deserves it most: an audience that wouldn't recognize caveat emptor unless it was the name of an American Idol contestant.
0.375 Most of American Dreamz has a curiously dated, been-there feel: It's a redundant comedy, like hearing the same tired joke for the 100th time.
0.625 Much like I feel in the voting booth every four years, the political satire American Dreamz rendered me frustrated and confused.
0.625 OK, so American Dreamz tries a little too hard to be satirically witty and bitingly political. But, darn it, it still makes you laugh in spite of yourself.
0.6 It may be seriously flawed, but American Dreamz is still amusing and pleasantly subversive.
0.625 American Dreamz has plenty of laughs. You'll leave the theater feeling not outraged but actually rather cheerful.
0.3 the appeal of the movie so disintegrates with every second of resolution that I found myself hating it by the ending credits
0.4 American Dreamz puts reality TV and U.S. politics in its crosshairs, then fails to pull the trigger. It's less entertaining than an average episode of American Idol. And that's saying something.
0.5 In American Dreamz, the people are stereotypes, and the context is fake: It's broad, it's thin, it's a big easy target. And ultimately, its dreamz are hollow.
0.5 A random episode of American Idol offers more comedy and drama, not to mention more disturbing insights into contemporary popular culture, than American Dreamz.
0.25 American Dreamz is as forgettable and lacking in insight as the great majority of dreams that trespass on our subconscious.
0.375 To employ terminology that might be used by Simon Cowell, the brutally honest American Idol judge, American Dreamz is bloody awful.
1.0 American Dreamz pulls off that rare feat of shooting at dozens of big targets, and hitting so many of them that we want to stand up and cheer because someone even tried.
0.625 Dreamz is amusing enough; but be prepared for comedy that's more crass than class. If you want refinement, see the more clever Thank You for Smoking.
0.375 The writer-producer-director of American Dreamz makes nearly every mistake in the satirical book. His targets are either too easy or too dated. He's inconsistent in his attitudes toward them. His stereotypes are stale.
0.75 American Dreamz is a political satire that's eerily emblematic of the moment we're living in: smart, spring-loaded with pop culture references, and far too good-natured to do any lasting damage.
0.4 What if they threw a satire and no jokes came? This is the question American Dreamz answers in its interminable running time.
0.625 The sheer audacity...is admirable, and often times very funny.
0.8 The Weitz brothers are a 2-headed John Hughes for post-2000 audiences...not always critically aclaimed, but almost always loved by the public. Once again, they succeed.
0.875 It has the sunny, deceptively breezy tone of something like "Dick," or maybe one of the great Michael Ritchie satires of the mid-1970s, like "Smile" or "The Candidate."
0.75 American Dreamz succeeds, partially because it feels so good to see these parade floats skewered and deflated. But the real triumph here is that Weitz bothers to take aim at all.
0.625 The film is tailor-made for the vast audience that can't wait to watch Fox's Idol each week while still intellectually grasping what a glossy hunk of junk it is.
0.75 Not everything works in this semi-audacious challenge to the American Dream, but Weitz consistently and amusingly hits the broad side of the barn.
0.8 Politically incorrect to a broad spectrum of social cliques, "Dreamz" makes a statement and has some fun at the same time.
0.75 Watching... viewers reacting to an... attack on the president as just another reality show... suggests that 9/11 didn't change things as much as some people have claimed.
0.7 If the comedy didn't have its fair share of moments, it could easily be seen as failure; fortunately, a handful of game actors ... saves it as something that's mostly enjoyable.
0.875 If its opening scenes are like an asthma attack within an iron lung, Weitz stabilizes the material and begins massaging the satire with the brand of human interest that made his other works so distinctive.
0.75 [Grant] is a brilliant comedian, with an ability to be hilariously selfish and egocentric without turning off the audience.
0.75 The story, while no Dr. Strangelove, is very poignant as a satire on politics and modern culture.
0.4 It's not really a cynical or outrageous point of view, but just a really lazy one, and offensively, exploitatively so.
0.75 American Dreamz lampoons the public's appetite for mindless entertainment and easy distraction from serious concerns.
0.4 Paul Weitz's film is a seriously unfunny comedy about that intersection where politics meets entertainment.
0.5 The movie is a spirited exercise in caricature rather than a cohesive comedy. Everybody's playing somebody real, but the movie never approaches reality.
0.7 American Dreamz, Paul Weitz's good-natured satire of pop, politics and our bloated sense of entitlement (arguably our biggest export) lampoons the great American disconnect from reality by locating the place where all these things intersect.
0.5 [Director Paul Weitz's] best work comes with plenty of breathing room. But American Dreamz is too busy and plotty to afford much of that. The characters end up competing for screen time.
0.75 American Dreamz looks like a sitcom, plays like a sitcom and is a sitcom -- and also the riskiest political satire since Wag the Dog.
0.6 It's simply zany, silly, forgettable fun.
0.625 Everybody's so good, you find yourself wondering why the movie isn't funnier -- or riskier.
0.25 A toxic love letter to hate.
0.2 You'd think the idea of a satire that combined politics and pop culture would be rife with possibility, but Weitz is more timid in the box than Jon Heder in The Benchwarmers.
0.7 A comedy satire as proudly silly as its awful title.
0.7 You won't realize how far under your skin it's gotten until you catch yourself singing the theme song on your way out of the theater.
0.875 ...will undoubtedly come under fire for being all over the place, but that's like complaining a trapeze artist shouldn't be performing so far up in the air. The movie exhilarates precisely because it takes random, high-altitude risks.
0.375 So do you think the war on terror is one big joke? ... Even if you do, this is comedy that, for all its heavy-handed political satire, just isn't funny.
0.8 Weitz has a clear-eyed vision of the zeitgeist and tosses it up on the screen with a deadpan veracity that is as unflinching as it is hilarious
0.3 Comes across like a bad 'Saturday Night Live' political sketch, dragged on for way too long ... a lot of great talent wasted.
0.375 One wonders whether American Dreamz is attempting to satirize pop culture or merely recreating it.
0.625 With such acting talent and some of the creators of much better films, you may be expecting more than a good farce. However, the farce is pretty much what you're getting here.
0.5 A broad-based lampoon that envelops too much material and tries far too hard to please.
0.8 Satire attracts a tough crowd and is always a challenge to pull off. This one duz, and makes the complexity look easy.
0.625 Is it possible to satirize something that, in and of itself, often crosses the line into self-parody?
0.2 Instead of making dreamz come true, it will only give you nightmarez.
0.4 The film marked the directing debut of Norman Lear and very much reflects the time in which it was made.
0.6 The best thing about the movie was the appearance of Bob and Ray as TV personality newscasters.
0.6 at its best it is amusingly frantic and uses the cast in a number of effective characterizations
1.0 Even if you don't smoke, you'll find Cold Turkey funny.
0.3 Comes billed as a progressive, eccentric romantic comedy, but at its heart, it's a pessimistic, cynical, and very traditional.
0.625 Sure, it's mushy, but you can't make a movie called Smile and not be at least a wee bit saccharine about your intentions.
0.375 However worthy the sentiment, this one won't leave viewers with a smile.
0.375 This drama, which was bankrolled by the people behind the international Operation Smile program, has the best of intentions. But it's so painfully earnest that it becomes insufferable.
0.375 Good cause, bad movie.
0.4 Feels like a school project that has its heart in the right place if not the skills to produce something with depth and emotional heft.
0.5 Kramer may have felt that American audiences would have wanted to follow an American heroine, but it's Lin's story that resonates.
0.75 This movie's so filled with admirable intentions that they practically spill onto the screen before it starts.
0.5 Overall, it's pretty elementary stuff, along the lines of a Disney Channel TV movie.
0.2 Smile is like a dose of cod liver oil: It may be good for you, but it's no fun.
0.4 Forced gags, and Hope & Crosby creak along in the last Road picture.
0.6 Occasionally bright attempt at recapturing the old 'Road' pictures doesn't quite make it
0.4 Immaculate execution in every detail of one poor conception after another... uninspired, arrogant, and lazy.
0.6 Cool original camp. This is a fun little movie.
0.6 It's Back to the Beach writ saucy.
0.5 It's all enjoyable enough, but it's played so broadly that it loses whatever impact it might have had.
0.8 Sharp satire. Great fun.
0.65 A funny tongue-in-cheek comedy, cinematic commentary and murder mystery all rolled in to one.
0.6 It may be fluff, but it's knowing, relatively enjoyable fluff.
0.3 It's too much filmed theater to come alive fully on the screen.
0.7 A promising recipe for comedy that goes flat in the execution.
0.6 Has a great look, but its broad laughs at the expense of '50s and '60s cultural naivete aren't really all that clever.
0.6 An enjoyable, if weightless, romp.
0.9 Not since Rocky Horror has the film world produced such a vibrant farce of teen angst, violence, and sexual deviance.
0.8 Wonderfully campy entertainment that doesn't ask anything of its viewers.
0.8 The sort of movie that even today's superstars might love to slum around in.
0.625 It's best to just relax and enjoy the Party.
0.8 It definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge.
1.0 A glowing valentine to creativity in opposition to commerce.
0.8 Sua natureza auto-referencial transforma o filme numa grande homenagem ao proprio cinema.
0.25 Be Kind Rewind should gather dust on both DVD and VHS shelves.
0.75 Once the movie starts finding its focus it becomes a very unique experience
0.6 A surprisingly quiet and whimsical comedy about a ridiculous and unlikely series of events that turns into a nearly-as-likely miracle. Best bit: the film's own Sweded preview.
1.0 An ode to finding one's creative side and the joys of being able to share one's creations with others.
0.875 Tackles the hackneyed with the tender hand and heart of writer/director Michel Gondry.
0.6 But with a skill that is difficult to pinpoint, Gondry seems to stumble like a fox from this paper-thin plot into a precious little ode to community.
0.625 'Be Kind Rewind' is a whimsical adventure with genuine affection for its characters, but Gondry's story is essentially weightless, a fanciful flight in search of a raison d'etre.
0.6 The remake/parody sequences are outstanding, but Black's all-over-the-place mania and Mos Def's bland orphan hero don't quite tie the rest of the picture together. Still, it has heart.
0.4 And the film ought to be funny, with Mike and Jerry recreating those films as home movies. But somehow it's not, the laughs are very thin on the ground.
0.5 The premise of Be Kind Rewind is pure Michel Gondry. The end result is anything but.
0.625 quirky
0.75 corny, cool and beautiful
0.125 Let's not go to the videotape.
0.6 Be Kind Rewind may be the least ambitious of Gondry's films but is also his most fun.
0.625 It falls short in the character development category, relying on a whimsical vibe, the charm of its actors, and ceaselessly inventive movie re-creations to get by.
1.0 Gondry has merely used the plot to celebrate community, friendship, love, creativity, making something out of nothing and the power of myth to sometimes be greater than truth.
0.5 At best it's a collection of very good ideas in search of a framework, and at worst a dramatically stale film based on a terribly messy screenplay.
0.75 One of the most bizarre concepts to hit the big screen unspools erratically in "Be Kind Rewind," an outrageous comedy that offers some clever scenes and more than a few laughs.
0.25 Nothing can save this overambitious enterprise embarked upon by a couple of idiots, full of sound and fury but ultimately signifying nothing.
0.6 Be Kind Rewind, like last year's great Sundance film Son of Rambow, is a celebration of the power of film and the joy of the movies; not just great art, but also great trash.
0.75 It truly inhabits the do-it-yourself spirit of independent filmmakers coloring outside the lines drawn by Hollywood.
1.0 Will leave you with a huge grin on your face.
0.6 Hollywood showbiz is about the now and the new, so there is something subversive about Gondry pitching his tent in the wasteground of obsolescence behind the gleaming edifice of modernity.
0.5 Takes a clever concept and cobbles a weak story around it.
0.5 Communal commitment to a DIY aesthetic is [Gondry's] undoing, particularly when he allows an irritatingly manic Jack Black to run wild and virtually hijack the movie.
0.5 Long before the movie ends, it slips right off the sprockets.
1.0 It's hard to tell which is the work of art, the audience or the movie. Because they are both so beautiful.
0.625 Give Be Kind Rewind a little time and an open mind, and it just might grow on you. Its premise is absurd, but adorably so.
0.375 Thick stew of awful.
0.75 A celebration of the DIY aesthetic, and of the universal appeal of movies, Be Kind Rewind is a charmingly off-the-wall little tale.
0.6 If it isn't up to his Oscar-winning Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, it at least has Jack Black and Mos Def around for laughs.
0.75 Michel Gondry doesn't understand -- or, perhaps, even care about -- the normal niceties of plausible plotting, thematic structure or satisfying character development. But he does understand joy.
0.8 It's inviting, undemanding and altogether wonderful. You'll want to see it again, or at least Swede it yourself.
0.75 A surprisingly sweet comedy showcasing a manic Jack Black.
0.75 A feel-good film with a gentle comic spirit, a sweet affection for its gallery of silly characters and a sincere love for the process of moviemaking.
0.75 Loopy, goofy and endearing.
0.7 Eminently likable. And there's something about Gondry's persistent nostalgia that feels contemporary, or opportune, at least.
0.625 Whimsy overwhelms this sweetly innocuous tribute to DIY video - which is hobbled enough by its core premise of guys shooting their own versions of popular movies on VHS.
0.8 A charming picture about filmmaking all dressed up as a comedy. Exaggerated and wonderfully silly, the movie concerns hilarious amateur movie-making -- but sneaks in a message about community and the transformative power of art.
0.25 It's a joyless ode to joy, it's a leaden salute to the silver screen, it's a painful testament to filmic pleasures. Be kind, and don't even begin to rewind.
0.5 It's not nearly as funny as its premise would suggest, and the movie even becomes a little dull when it tries to make a few points about the differences between commercialism and art.
0.6 It takes a special talent to wring so much warm, humane comedy out of such a screwy premise. But the real triumph is how Gondry uses it to champion no-budget indie filmmaking, salute cinema's unifying properties and thumb his nose at the Hollywood system.
0.625 I felt positive and genial while watching it, but I didn't break out in paroxysms of laughter. It's the kind of amusing film you can wait to see on DVD. I wonder if it will come out on VHS?
0.875 Rousingly bad moviemaking brings out some of Gondry's most blissful.
0.8 It's a happy pill in the shape of a cinema ticket.
0.75 [Gondry] seems almost to relish his house-of-cards approach, so much so that the uncharmed critic might reasonably feel it a waste of breath to blow it down. I would agree.
0.6 Michel Gondry is a visionary of sorts, but he needs a talented writer to add emotional depth to his child-like creativity if he is going to reach the heights of Eternal Sunshine again.
0.5 The director has attempted to construct quite a complex little film here, but only parts of this delicate concoction work effectively. The movie feels like a strange, lightweight piece of ephemeral fluff.
0.6 Moments of Gondry inspiration make Be Kind Rewind worth your time, even if you decide to wait for the video.
0.7 Lots of heart. But it won't change your life.
0.8 I liked the various ways in which Gondry utilized his essentially absurdist conceit as an ingenious way of exploring how people relate in deeply personal ways to the power of cinema
0.833333333333 The magnitude of Gondry's visual ingenuity is consistently jaw-dropping.
0.9 Michel Gondry's latest cinematic breakthrough Be Kind Rewind grants passage into his magical imagination and proves yet again he's one of today's artistic giants.
0.875 It's one of those rare experiences that remind us not exactly why we love movies, but how we love them.
0.25 ...the lack of subtlety with which Gondry has imbued the latter half of the proceedings ensures that the film is ultimately an extraordinarily tough slog indeed.
0.9 a brilliant little allegory
0.5 Cute but a little empty, Be Kind Remind boasts an original premise without the clarity of writing and character dimension to back it up.
0.75 A kid's movie for adults, a charming notion for a time of postmodern ennui.
0.6 Quirky Jack Black comedy is sweet and silly.
0.625 Be Kind Rewind may exist in a hazy, dreamy time warp, but its artistic impulses are strictly YouTube.
0.625 Even though its thin conceit strains and stumbles into being, Gondry's movie somehow ingratiates itself to the dauntless dreamer that lives within each of us.
0.625 Gondry, as writer and director, can't stop the creative helium from leaking out of his cinematic balloon.
0.5 Apparently intends to tell a story about people's relationships with movies but winds up saying films are impersonal just because they look professional and don't star YOU.
0.625 A genuinely original independent film, though one that requires patience and tolerance of the writer-director's style.
0.5 Perhaps Gondry realized the sum wasn't going to be greater than its parts and just left it at this: two halves, one more intriguing than the other, that don't add up to a coherent whole.
0.5 Gondry invites us to rewind to a time before corporate domination, while failing to realize that 'corporate' and 'professional' are not synonyms.
0.8 Be Kind Rewind not only reminds us why we love film so damn much, it pays tribute to those films that may have had a hand in it.
0.875 ...makes you nostalgic for the early days of backyard moviemaking, before digital video cameras and desktop editing software turned everyone into mini-Spielbergs.
0.2 A comedy hobbled by a preposterous plot and a phony finale.
0.6 There's just enough whimsical good humour to carry Be Kind Rewind, but Michel Gondry's latest does tend to keep crashing into 'oh come on now, what were you thinking?' self-indulgence.
0.625 Arguably the biggest problem with Be Kind Rewind is that Gondry never stops experimenting, even when the experimentation works against the movie's best interests.
0.625 A would-be heart-tugging, inspiring paean to the do-it-yourself ethic/aesthetic and its concomitant community-building powers, the latest film from visual lo-fi innovator Michel Gondry is slight and finally unconvincing, alas.
0.625 Only crazy rubber-faced Jack Black could pull off such a spoofy, overly-eager slapdash of a project.
0.875 In Michel Gondry's estimation, we're defined by our dreams, our art, and our histories, a conviction he once again expresses with whimsical, lyrical inventiveness.
0.9 Michel Gondry has taken a stunning leap forward with Be Kind Rewind. It's his most successful film.
0.7 Not as quirky as Gondry's previous movies but not quite mainstream either. [It] has enough heart in the end to make up for the fact that it isn't nearly as funny as its premise might suggest.
0.7 A scruffy, likeable little comedy, even though it's not actually very funny or involving.
0.8 Anyone who has ever made a no-budget home movie, replete with exaggerated performances and makeshift props out of The Warriors, will hold a special place in their heart for Be Kind Rewind
0.8 A sweet and simple story that aims to be no bigger than it is, a shaggy dog fable about dreams and the transformative power of even the worst movies.
0.625 [Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart.
0.9 One of the most charming of all Disney features... like anyone else, when I see it I am swiftly and inexorably carried back to childhood, in accordance with the drippy cliches.
1.0 While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it.
0.85 The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions.
0.8 ...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters.
0.9 Quaint and fairly lovable kiddie adventures.
1.0 A blessed reminder of just how good -- and how pointed -- British comedies can be.
0.8 Oh, such fun for older teens!
0.875 Casting Renee Zellweger as this British icon drew plenty of flak. But she proved impossible to not root for while flashing a sweet smile, bunching her body up in a "right-o, old chap" shoulder shrug and waddle-walking in unflattering panties and girdles.
0.75 Just seconds into Sharon Maguire's adaptation of Helen Fielding's beloved novel, it's hard to imagine that there was such controversy surrounding the casting of Renee Zellweger.
0.4 Provides a few laughs but failed to make me care on which loves-me, loves-me-not petal this film ends.
0.6 A cheerfully frothy romantic comedy that benefits from sharp writing, lively performances and touching characterisation.
0.8 Renee Zellweger, a born Texan, not only nails the most beloved woman of modern British fiction but embodies and owns her.
0.875 A ripping success.
0.875 Americans...will find Zellweger's newly acquired English accent believable enough to enjoy her comic performance.
0.8 Si las mujeres son de Venus, Bridget nos hace pensar en que deberiamos tener visado ilimitado para entrar en tierras venusinas con tal de hallar a alguien como ella.
0.75 Witty and sweet.
0.75 Zellweger, Grant and Firth keep Bridget chugging in a goofy, satisfying way.
0.75 Like Bridget Jones, this movie isn't perfect. Just note it in your diary as v.v.g.
0.8 Maguire must be commended for trying something different in an industry where old, tired formula rules the day, and Zellweger is charming even if her character...isn't.
0.8 A bad love life, and even worse underwear, has never looked so good.
0.875 Each facet is studied and turned into a joke for which there is no option but to laugh.
0.5 What audiences found so endearing about this movie escapes me.
0.6 Zellweger nails the part and carries the film.
0.8 Thoroughly enjoyable romantic comedy -- smart, saucy, brilliantly-cast, superbly acted and laugh-out loud funny with pleasing regularity.
0.6 It's almost worth admission price to see Zellwegger be so open with the emotions of the character and with her own personal appearance.
0.875 [Zellweger] blasts through the self-pitying conventions of most romantic comedy to dig out a spirited, surprising, full-blooded woman.
0.25 Even though the leads are good, it's far from enough to make the film worth seeing, unless you wish to waste money and lose two hours of your life.
0.75 Yes, the movie adaptation is just fine, thank you.
0.7 It did a good job balancing comedy and message.
0.875 And I thought romantic comedies had become stale.
0.9 Firth exudes a Ralph Fiennes-like smoldering charisma, taking a role that Fiennes himself would probably never stoop to accept.
0.7 There are astute observations along the way, more than enough big laughs and, in Zellweger's capable hands, a terrific look at a singleton on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
0.75 Zellwegger uses a limitless reserve of humility and vulnerability to capture hearts. She's stunningly sympathetic.
0.75 Bridget Jones's Diary belongs to Bridget. It belongs to Renee Zellweger.
0.6 ...never fully comes to comedic life, seldom reaches out emotionally, and provides few new insights into the perils of love and dating.
0.875 A hugely enjoyable film which will appeal to broken-hearted cynics and hopeless romantics alike.
0.875 Una de las propuestas mas frescas, ingeniosas y encantadoras en mucho, mucho tiempo
0.75 The film plays as efficient romantic comedy -- smarter than most, because of the absence of dumb sitcom conventions and the colourful character of Bridget.
0.875 ...a thoroughly enjoyable piece of work that everyone (yes, everyone) will admire.
0.875 Thanks to terrific performances and a willingness to mix romantic moments with ones of mortifying hilarity, this film rises far above its competition to become the year's first truly romantic comedy hit.
0.875 Renee is simply radiant here.
0.5 It's all supposed to be very charming and funny. Or something.
0.9 Witty, warm adaptation of the post-feminst best-seller, and Renee Zellweger is sensational!
0.75 presents us with a completely flawed, yet utterly lovable heroine who is so fundamentally human that it is impossible not to identify with her
0.875 Not only that, but it is an adult comedy with no bathroom humor ... Hurray!
0.8 What a treat to see a movie starring a real character with real feelings, real problems and real-life issues.
0.8 It's Hugh Grant, cleverly cast against type as a scheming love rat, who steals the laurels.
0.7 It is gloriously and tear-wellingly funny.
0.84 Funny, heartbreaking, inspiring and wonderful.
0.875 Balances laughs and heart while still retaining a touch of that rage against the "smug marrieds."
0.8 One of the most genuinely funny romances for some time.
0.4 How can you celebrate a movie in which Zellweger doesn't soar but simply avoids disaster?
0.8 All power to Firth the actor. He's the compleat Darcy, and he never wavers.
0.75 Where the highly likable actress [Zellweger] proves most valuable is in making us adore this insecure, clumsy, contradictory creature.
0.5 Surely Bridget herself would sniff at the film's soppy sentimentality.
1.0 Zips along at a laugh-a-minute pace and fully involves the viewer in Bridget's little slice of life.
0.75 Women here and abroad are going to laugh with her, cry with her, steam with her, frost with her and totally identify after this gloriously full, heartfelt, generous performance.
0.5 Zellweger and Maguire do a fine job of making loneliness fun to watch.
0.875 A story like this can't work unless we feel unconditional affection for the heroine, and casting Zellweger achieves that.
0.6 Both the character and the film are so charming that it's relatively easy to overlook their flaws.
0.75 This is Renee's film to make or break and she is looking forward to at least one nomination next year
0.9 The film's humor and sauce elevate it from the whining of self-absorbed, unattached women who populate too many books and films today.
0.9 A delicious piece of candy whose amusing package is scrawled with bons mots distantly inspired by Jane Austen.
0.8 Cheerful, cheeky entertainment.
0.625 A pleasing, if somewhat bland, adaptation.
0.875 It's chock-full of delights.
0.75 Zellweger gives this Bridget Jones an absolutely empathetic familiarity that makes the movie feel like an entertaining anthem for the frustratingly forlorn.
0.75 For the most part, novice feature director Sharon Maguire manages to recapture the outrageous situations and the attitudes in the book.
0.5 Badly miscast as the British heroine, Zellweger, in a monotonic performance, never gives us much reason to care.
0.8 Renee Zellwegger is irresistible as Bridget Jones.
0.875 Features one of the most endearing and believable characters to grace the screen this year.
0.625 The story spins artfully up to the climax where it bumps like a firefighter hitting buttocks to floor
0.875 I like this picture--just the way it is.
0.9 Delivers frisky fun for bruised romantics regardless of age, sex or nationality.
0.7 I'll go out on a limb here and predict Zellweger will win at least one People's Choice Award next year!!
0.75 Is it too early to talk about an Oscar nomination for Zellweger?
0.4 made solely to sell Talkboys (and let's not forget the pink Talkgirls) to kids
0.0 Wasn't one of these bad enough?
0.8 Not better than the first part but funny. Pesci is great in both films.
0.2 Whatever steam Culkin gained in Home Alone was lost in this tepid sequel rehash.
0.2 So, so bad.
0.2 Money grubbing sequelitis at its most pathetic.
0.4 Update on Poitier classic isn't as memorable.
0.4 Here's a comedy premised on racial unease, and it's too timid to uncork actual racial humor.
0.6 full review in Greek
0.2 A rule: any time you see the movie's stars racing in go-karts, it's because the script ran out of funny things to do.
0.75 the movie is little more than an interracial riff on Meet the Parents, but it's consistently funny, and it's enough of a riff to make it feel fresh.
0.6 Kutcher does a good job of reigning in his likeable idiot persona from That 70s Show and Dude, Where's My Car? to the point where you almost - but not quite - buy him as a high-flying stockbroker type.
0.4 The laughs are few and far between.
0.75 'If there was any doubt that Bernie Mac is a movie star, "Guess Who" erases it.'
0.75 I laughed at the interplay and think anyone should enjoy this fun film.
0.6 If you never even begin to compare this film to the classic that inspired it ... then it's a perfectly enjoyable bit of fluffy farce.
0.75 The film does pop off some huge belly laughs before the formula gets the better of it.
0.375 There are moments when it seems Kutcher might look right into the camera and say, 'Ready to see me walk right into another impossibly stupid faux pas?'
0.625 its treatment of race resides comfortably at the sitcom level, where it's safe to laugh about difference and then console ourselves with eventual inclusiveness
0.625 Mac and Kutcher have proved themselves better comics than actors, but both give charming, subtle performances here.
0.5 Had Mac and Kutcher not had such great chemistry together, this wouldn't have worked...
0.625 Guess Who is a movie that plays the race card for gentle laughs ...
0.75 Well, guess what? "Guess Who" isn't a remake...at least, not of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner." It's more like "Meet the Fockers" with themes about bigotry and honesty.
0.5 A creative misstep that will likely pay off commercially.
0.2 The absolute lack of cultural identity on the part of any of the characters -- black or white -- is what left me with a bad aftertaste.
0.5 The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that even today, the most memorable battles have two fronts. And they usually don't involve a man wearing a woman's underwear.
0.2 There are some weak stabs at deriving humor from the white guy trying to fit into the black family... More often, [it's] of the "suspicious dad/nervous boyfriend" variety.
0.6 A respectable enough comedy.
0.75 Surpasses expectation.
0.75 I don't think Guess Who is a very good movie about its subject...but it works pretty well as a piece of light entertainment.
0.5 [The] interracial intimacy is so lightweight, dismissive, and flat that this toothless comedy loses its edginess...turns into another arbitrary salt-and-pepper buddy romp
0.4 Guess what - it's bad!
0.5 Light and fluffy, Guess Who is a mildly entertaining movie that could have been more had its makers been a little braver.
0.4 The makers of Guess Who appear to have given more thought to targeting an audience than building a believable movie.
0.625 Guess Who doesn't play the race card nearly enough
0.625 Guess Who owes more to Meet the Parents than it does Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.
0.5 Let's just say that, on the charge of comedic intentions, the cinematic jury is still out.
0.7 Rather than being like Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, this is more like Meet the Parents, and the Parents are Black.
0.4 The absence of chemistry between both couples is enough to make you seriously consider leaving before dessert.
0.375 Theresa has neglected to tell said parents that Simon is just about the whitest boy alive, an omission that causes what passes for comedy to occur when her dad finds out.
0.5 Defying the sitcom flippancy imposed upon it, Guess Who lurches into moments of relevance.
0.5 There's some flavor, but it tastes more like cola-scented water than actual Coke.
0.625 Mostly works on all the levels it aspires to, and it evolves with an easy rhythm that's primarily driven by its likable stars.
0.5 Guess what? It's almost bearable.
0.75 Though a light comedy, director Kevin Rodney Sullivan keeps the acting values authentic and consistent.
0.5 Guess what? The new film's social commentary is as tame as its comedy.
0.6 The comic chemistry between Mac and Kutcher is strong enough to withstand the miscues and to sell the film's stronger humor.
0.5 A better question might be, why bother?
0.4 There is no comedy without conflict, and conflict only plays funny when it's a fair fight. The writers and director didn't do Mac any favors in letting him play a guy who doesn't recognize his own blind spots, and comically wrestle with them.
0.7 the radiant chemistry between Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher keeps the movie afloat
0.6 A funny, if sometimes uneven (and uncomfortable) comedy.
0.375 Guess Who uses two-fifths of the title and gives us one-tenth the entertainment value.
0.25 There's never a question how things will turn out. (If you don't know: Recent Hollywood movies about interracial romance usually turn out well if the guy is white and almost always end tragically if he's black.)
0.4 This movie is far too timid to show that relationship beyond a few discreet kisses between Kutcher and Saldana.
0.5 A disappointing retread of a bunch of better movies.
0.75 Not afraid to draw real blood, both on the ethnic clash and, perhaps more unusual for a studio romantic comedy these days, relationship fronts.
0.625 The movie plays it disappointingly safe, having the two men settle their differences on a go-kart race track, then bond over a bottle of vodka in time for the touchy-feely, song-and-dance finale.
0.625 If it falls betwixt and between hilarious and meaningful, consider that a testament to where we are as a culture on this topic: able to laugh at the jokes and still vulnerable to our fears.
0.5 At heart, this is just another rehash of Meet the Parents.
0.5 It's not an unpleasant movie, just a confused, sometimes frustrating one.
0.6 It is, in a real sense, a more honest film than its precursor.
0.75 Director Kevin Rodney Sullivan and writers David Ronn, Jay Scherick and Peter Tolan seed the comedy with reminders that ebony and ivory won't be livin' in perfect harmony, especially if they let the outside world interfere with them.
0.75 Guess Who works efficiently on its chosen level.
0.625 If you're looking for a meaningful consideration of the intricacies that come with introducing your white boyfriend to your black family, you're probably eating nachos at the wrong multiplex.
0.71 One of the things that makes this film much better than it has any right to be is the enormous talent of Bernie Mac.
0.625 Guess Who improves in the second half, when director Kevin Rodney Sullivan stops trying to remake other movies and concentrates on the Simon/Percy relationship.
0.625 A warm movie that's well cast and funny enough as it works through passive-aggressiveness to aggressive-aggressiveness and finally the acceptance of family.
0.6 What this film lacks, in addition to a funny script, are pace and logic. Even though Kutcher is good, I squirmed a lot and looked at my watch a lot.
0.625 I'm not ashamed to say that Ashton Kutcher made me laugh in Guess Who. OK, maybe I'm a little ashamed. But it was so unexpected I couldn't help myself.
0.5 Romantic fantasies of idealized materialism that have been marketed to white viewers for decades are now being peddled to upwardly mobile African-Americans. Is this progress?
0.5 The characters briefly mention problems an interracial couple still face today, but that's as far as it goes.
0.7 Ashton Kutcher and Bernie Mac prove that they are much funnier than their last movies. Both have loads of charm and impeccable comedic timing.
0.5 Mac comes close to single-handedly saving 'Guess Who' from its own cliches.
0.7 Light on its feet while being sly about how it dances around the social issue at hand.
0.6 Modernized take on a classic has a few laughs -- and, more importantly, a heart in the right place.
0.625 After the halfway point, Kutcher and Mac become a better comic team, start to play off each other, and make you laugh until the end.
0.6 It's easy on the intellect and the attention span.
0.625 ...it's the ingratiating performances that keep Guess Who at a level of pleasant diversion, despite an overlong running time...
0.75 Bernie Mac has a natural delivery and can work a punchline like nobody's business.
0.625 Taken on its own, separate from its original source material, it's an enjoyable film, boosted by Mac's down-home humor and leavened by some actual acting on the part of Kutcher and Saldana.
0.375 This feeble comedy ranks about an 11 on the yawn-o-meter.
0.4 It says something about the timidity of the corporate-dominated entertainment industry that a contemporary film lacks the audacity of a 30-year-old sitcom.
0.4 This loose, pointless remake of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner at least suggests that American racial attitudes have relaxed since 1967.
0.75 What's not to like about a movie that concludes that although race can divide people, love can unite them?
0.6 A bland, awkward, occasionally amusing comedy
0.25 Serves up such flat dialogue and stilted situations that it's hard to sit through.
0.6 Twenty minutes in, we know where the movie is going and, as a result, it loses momentum in the final half-hour.
0.625 When so few comedies these days are actually funny, Guess Who is an entertaining and diverting way to spend 105 minutes for audiences starved for laughs.
0.375 One long race joke, the most overextended and least risible of the year.
0.75 It's been a long time since the words 'Ashton Kutcher' and 'hilarious' have appeared in the same sentence, but they'll have to get reacquainted. Kutcher and costar Bernie Mac make a terrific comic team.
0.75 Sad though it is to say, it's not often that a romantic comedy comes along that succeeds in actually being both romantic and comedic. When those things happen, it's easy to forgive minor flaws.
0.5 I'm not opposed to drawing from the well of movies past. But to remake one with such a dated and specific point of view, one that relies on the interracial relationship as hot button, is both lazy and uncomfortably nostalgic.
0.625 Wait a sec, are those sirens? *BAD IDEA POLICE HERE, PULL OVER!
0.375 Forgoes its predecessor's moralizing in favor of Meet the Parents-style conflict.
0.75 Just as Meet the Parents begat Meet the Fockers, if Guess Who turns out to be a hit, expect a sequel, Meet the Honkies, somewhere down the line.
0.625 After setting the stage with insultingly shopworn plot contrivances, Guess Who finds its comedy footing by playfully dancing along the edge of political incorrectness.
0.5 Mac is consistently funny and likeable, but the same can't be said for the rest of the cast. Without him, the movie would have been pretty much unwatchable.
0.625 It offers a few solid laughs and will provoke some smiles, but there's too much of a tendency to go for obvious, largely unfunny humor when something more subtle would have satisfied.
0.7 ...I found myself laughing pretty consistently the whole way through...
0.5 1st third is sharp, funny, well edited & directed. But, contrivances accumulate one after the other.
0.7 The jokes may be weak, but the social context the gags broadcast with them comes in surprisingly strong.
0.5 Elaborate but ultimately pointless short film about the love between a lady salad and a male trout in the cold storage closet of a restaurant.
1.0 There's an unshakable confidence about this coming-of-age fable that matches that of its central character, Max Fischer.
0.8 Rushmore offers more than simply a series of high-grade yuks; it's a finely-judged parable on the line between self-delusion and reality.
1.0 Anderson fulfills the promise of his inventive Bottle Rocket with this quirky, often hilarious comedy, and Murray gives his most uproarious performance since the groundbreaking Groundhog Day.
1.0 Despite cute moments, nothing about Rushmore begs to be liked, which makes this modest comedy all the more satisfying.
0.75 Just when you expect the film to do something normal, it takes off like Murray -- riffing on reality as only he, and filmmaker Anderson, can.
0.9 It's somehow fitting that in this Maxcentric universe, Rushmore exists as a satirical comedy, full of dry wit and adolescent absurdities, and a bittersweet valentine to manipulative misfits who actually find the love they deserve.
1.0 There's a danger of overselling Anderson's sweet-hearted, loony little fantasy, but everything -- from the soundtrack of '60s Brit bands with their jangly anthems of angsty love to Robert Yeoman's slightly hyper-real photography -- fits perfectly.
0.8 Bill Murray -- playing a depressed millionaire -- steals every scene in this quirky, edgy and very funny tale of an outsider who just might end up leading all those who laugh at him.
0.8 Rushmore is accurate enough on the teen-angst front to make you wince, yet whimsical enough to make you want Max to win.
1.0 One of the freshest, richest, most original films to come out of Hollywood in a very long time.
1.0 Rushmore may have shades of J.D. Salinger's writing and Hal Ashby's movies, but Wes Anderson pulls humor from the trickiest of situations and always manages to surprise.
0.6 Probably of more interest to adults than to teens.
1.0 Besides being a terrific film in its own right, seen today, Rushmore almost seems like a trailer for the films that have followed it.
1.0 To paraphrase Herman Blume, Rushmore is my Rushmore.
1.0 Moments of classic slapstick rubbing elbows with moments of painful candor.
0.875 Another quirky, hard-to-put-your-finger-on delight from the boys who brought us Bottle Rocket.
0.75 It's nice to see that there are still comedies out there that don't need to resort to gross-out humor for a laugh.
0.88 Anderson is unable to frame an uninteresting shot.
1.0 It's a better coming of age movie than anything John Hughes ever did.
1.0 Director Wes Anderson never lets the audience in as to whether he sees this story as humorous or pathetic.
0.7 Something very special.
0.98 While Rushmore can be analyzed from many angles, I think it's most interesting as a daring and original character study.
0.875 ... Rushmore is no ordinary movie...
0.875 The viewer is never certain where director Wes Anderson will go with this story.
0.875 Rushmore is no ordinary movie.
0.875 The filmmaking itself is fresh and original; lots of fast-paced camera work, splashy colors and quirky angles.
1.0 Quirky and hilarious. Schwartzman is the best underdog since Cusack in BETTER OFF DEAD. Bill Murray gives the finest, funniest, and most deadpan performance of his career.
0.8 Rushmore is often touching without being too sappy and funny without being too obvious.
1.0 One of the best films of 1998, possibly one of the best American comedies since The Graduate or Annie Hall.
0.875 Rushmore [is] a delicious, twisted treat... it is unpredictable.
0.75 This is still a film not to be missed if you're tired of conventionality.
0.625 ...the quirkiness seems a little forced, a little overdone.
0.875 One of the most original, good-hearted comedies in a long time, Rushmore is the sort of movie where the strangest sequences of discords somehow keep managing to reach giddily improbable resolutions.
1.0 With only his second film Anderson proves himself a director so in command of his medium he can ignore convention and make films his own way.
0.4 The charm is a little too forced, the story barely believable, and its allure overly-calculated.
1.0 The music of life compressed into a ninety minute sonata.
0.8 Rushmore is a charming, unconventional film that reminds me of the cult favorite Harold and Maude.
0.75 Rushmore has a good deal of content and human qualities to spare, but what makes it such a charming and satisfying experience is its style.
0.8 Offbeat and off centre highschool movie with ascerbic one liners delivered by a superb cast. A real treat.
0.875 If you're tired of the usual movie -- I strongly recommend "Rushmore"
0.6 Rushmore is certainly one of the most original films in years. It saddens me that it simply didn't speak to me.
0.86 Rushmore reeks with style and simply oozes charisma, from camera angles and composition to editing and a terrific soundtrack.
0.875 [Rushmore]... isn't a movie that's easy to pigeonhole... The movie is certainly funny, [but] it isn't that over-the-top.
0.9 It would be easy to think of Rushmore as simply a delightfully off-the- wall comedy, but there is so much more to savor.
0.75 Rushmore is a truly distinctive comedy. It never becomes the sort of film that will have you convulsing with laughter, but it certainly will keep you smiling the whole way through.
0.9 [T]his is no ordinary tale of a kid whose brain and ambition are outsized for his school.
0.625 Off-kilter sweet and hopelessly romantic, with a dash of acne and a heaping of dark gray matter, is Rushmore, the new comedy from the director of 1996's offbeat Bottle Rocket.
0.8 Rushmore as a film exists out of time and place, locked into a vaguely Sixties-ish groove that's only heightened by Schwartzman's dank locks and Anderson's choice of a uniformly British Invasion soundtrack.
1.0 It's hard to qualify what's best about this unprepossessing gem -- the sly script, the laugh-out-loud gags and parodies or the peculiar, but charming, fantasylike atmosphere. Then there's the vintage '60s soundtrack...
0.8 Rushmore is a truly American film that deserves to be seen by many, many people.
1.0 There's a sweet humanity about the picture, though it's anything but sentimental. It's odd, definitely odd.
0.9 Quirky, unique, original in style, funny as heck, with some great performances put forth by the entire cast, this movie offers an extremely viable alternative to all of us who are sick and tired of watching the same old Hollywood comedies.
0.9 This film is the most disturbingly funny coming of age story since Harold met Maude.
0.9 A quirky delight -- it's a uniquely oddball comedy that's still about people.
1.0 Rushmore, as in life, is a mixture of comedy and drama, of surprises and inevitability, and most importantly, is purely human.
0.875 If you're tired of car chases, disasters and special effects, check out a movie about some oddball people. You'll be glad you did.
1.0 All this is done with a uniquely droll sense of humor.
1.0 ... the key to the film's memorable moments are the engaging characters.
0.625 Rushmore is intended to be hip and funny, but it's not really either.
0.625 [Rushmore is] structured like a comedy, but there are undertones of darker themes, and I almost wish they'd allowed the plot to lead them into those shadows.
0.5 Rushmore is a film with a lot of promise. Unfortunately most of it gets wasted.
0.25 [Rushmore is] overblown with despicable and unfunny plot twists which create the illusion that audience members are seeing something worthwhile.
0.0 [It] could be fun, but it never seems to be.
0.4 Merika empneysmena eyrimata (...) kai dyo entyposiakes ermineies, poy mporei na min arkoyn apo mones toys, alla kanoyn poly perissotera ap' osa tha perimenes gia na se kratisoyn ksypnio stoys halaroys rythmoys.
0.4 Ensemble crime noir wannabe.
0.4 Older teens may find something to cheer about.
0.2 If those are my choices, I'll go with 'nothing.'
0.3 Someone over at Universal figured that "cheerleaders = money," and that's basically how sequels get made these days.
0.875 Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
0.75 A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
1.0 Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
0.6 On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
1.0 Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
0.7 Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
0.75 It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
0.6 Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
1.0 Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
1.0 The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
0.6 With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
0.9 A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
0.8 One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
0.8 It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
1.0 For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
0.75 So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
0.4 Colorless '50s remake is all suggestiveness and no depth.
0.4 Padded and lifeless
0.25 How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it? Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
0.5 Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
0.6 Sadly cashes in on the original.
0.8 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu seems effortlessly observed, even improvised, but it's actually a wonder of choreography, rhythm and social commentary.
0.8 blending social commentary with spiritual allegory, it traces one man's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania's healthcare service
0.7 The film feels very real and not a little scary since the viewer knows that he is very likely to eventually likely to share Lazarescu's fate.
1.0 Absurdamente angustiante em seu realismo sem concessoes, este e mais do que um filme-denuncia (apropriado para varios paises, alias); e, acima de tudo, um olhar agridoce sobre o melhor e o pior em todos nos.
0.9 A harsh critique of the modern medical system, and though it takes place specifically in Romania, its events could be easily transferred elsewhere.
0.75 Mr. Lazarescu's ordeal will stick with you.
0.75 There's something about Fiscuteanu's quietly desperate performance (with much of the emotion conveyed through his eyes), that gets under your skin.
1.0 As commentary, it's grim. As filmmaking, it's a powerfully disturbing odyssey through the Bucharest health care system.
1.0 It seems extraordinary to claim that this film is funny but it is.
0.6 As a story of the callous impersonalization we inflict upon one another, the film is timeless.
0.875 "Extraordinary" is used here in both meanings of the word: highly unusual and exceptional.
0.8 Stay with it and you'll discover a devastatingly powerful blast at red tape and an achingly moving examination of what we will all have to face one day.
0.8 Long, but engrossing and frequently enraging drama that not only exposes the flaws in the Romanian health service, but also in modern humanity.
0.875 This two-and-half-hour Romanian drama may sound like a trial, but it's oddly, warmly captivating.
1.0 The movie is a stunner, so hypnotic that the length hardly matters.
1.0 [The] uniquely Eastern European brand of absurdity recalls the work of Vaclav Havel, playwright and former President of Czechoslovakia. At least, it would be absurd if it weren't so credible.
0.75 As both a film and an indictment of health-care practices, it's scathing and effective.
0.875 By recording this all too commonplace and dehumanizing process, Puiu's film shows the sick old man and the strangers who deal with him to be all too human -- extraordinarily so.
0.875 The film seems pitiless as it records every detail but, as you watch a man who clings to life and an ambulance driver whose search for a hospital becomes a mythic quest, what you're left with is compassion.
1.0 Puiu maintains a strong current of suspense about the outcome -- despite the title, will this Lazarus be revived? --- and a bracingly cynical sense of humor that rescues the material from being a total downer.
0.6 Fiscuteanu's Lazarescu is a strange, compelling creation, and if you allow it time, this haunting, artful movie will get under your skin.
0.8 If you love adventurous cinema, [Cristi] Puiu's transcendent, unique foray into the culture of health care is a must-see.
1.0 I suspect medical professionals would see much they recognize in this movie. The credits include a long list of technical advisers, but it doesn't take an adviser to convince you the movie is authentic.
1.0 It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm, but the Romanian film The Death of Mr. Lazarescu is a rich, strange and weirdly gratifying odyssey.
0.8 A mordant parable of and about our time as well as a poem of personal urban decay.
0.7 It's rainy and dark as death in Bucharest in a tale of that last ride on Medicare.
0.8 It's one of those films where we root for almost everybody.
1.0 It's full of humor, pathos and a deep humanism that comes as a warm blast in this age of lifeless, cinematic junk.
0.75 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu would seem to give its plot away with its title. But, as the movie itself demonstrates, not everything is as it first seems.
0.625 ... dark and overlong drama ...
0.4 This stark, gritty Romanian import from co-writer/director Cristi Puiu isn't so much unsuccessful as it is excruciatingly dull.
1.0 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu takes aim at the grotesqueries of the hospital experience with killing accuracy, like a mallet blow to the knee that comes down harder than anticipated.
0.375 It's supposed to be about a Kafkaesque experience. Instead, it is a Kafkaesque experience. Why are we here? Is everything absurd? Is anyone in charge?
0.6 Not a line of the pungent dialogue is wasted. Beneath the quasi-documentary veneer lies a well-written screenplay.
1.0 The ailing title character in this thorny masterpiece by the Romanian director Cristi Puiu suffers a late-night descent through circles of medical hell.
0.8 a gentle parable of the delicacy of mortality
0.8 A sad and scary film about the ignominy of dying alone in a hospital room surrounded by strangers and without dignity.
0.7 A brilliant work of cinematic art.
0.875 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu comes on like a force of nature; radiating a startling intensity, it demands to be reckoned with.
0.6 OK slapstick in the "Home Alone" vein
0.2 Hey, at least the baby wasn't talking.
0.6 Tot-sized laughs
0.2 For the seven people out there who hoped for a movie stupider than "Home Alone 2."
0.5 Saleem developed Exit Strategy out of a Web series - and it shows.
0.5 An affectionate parody of Japanese giant-monster hero shows to make points about the unraveling of Japan's cultural heritage.
0.8 The movie's shambling, matter-of-fact approach to pulpy material is funny, as is its steadfast avoidance of visual hype.
0.5 Big Man Japan shows a good mockumentary needs more than killer concept to make us howl.
0.875 Very funny in an insidious way.
0.7 This is Matsumoto's first feature (he's a famously odd Japanese comedian), but it's a distinctively bizarre piece of work. Remember the name.
0.25 The film, written, directed and starring stand-up comic Hitoshi Matsumoto has, like most superheroes, a tragic flaw: It isn't funny.
0.55 A cheesy B-movie that's initially refreshing, funny and a guilty pleasure, but eventually sinks into tedium while its comic energy and imagination concurrently diminish.
0.5 At nearly two hours, Big Man Japan is clever (in a sick sort of way) but overlong. It needs judicious editing -- more mockumentary, fewer superhero antics.
0.4 As in life, the nonmonster stuff goes on too long. But wait until the giant baby shows up.
0.625 It's as much fun as an old, popcorn-throwing kiddie matinee of Destroy All Monsters -- and far funnier intentionally than most superhero movies are accidentally.
0.8 You've probably never seen anything like Big Man Japan.
0.7 The most impressive special effect here is Mr. Matsumoto's hilariously restrained performance, a tour de force of comedic concision in a movie bloated by increasingly surreal developments.
0.6 The fight scenes, with their absurdist humor and various creatively designed and executed monsters, will earn the film a deserving cult.
0.625 Matsumoto and Mitsuyoshi Takasu trade the grand for the gargantuan, the battle-drama for the video game fight.
0.5 A one-joke mockumentary about a misfit superhero, Hitoshi Matsumoto's kaiju eiga comedy milks a slight idea for all it's worth and then some.
0.75 Blending the best elements of Hancock, Godzilla and This Is Spinal Tap, Big Man Japan is likely to work for you to the extent you're willing to endure special effects almost as cheap as those in the original bad B-flicks being lampooned.
0.6 Surpasses any mockumentary you've ever seen.
0.8 One minute it's Godzilla Meets Mothra, the next it's Kramer vs. Kramer. Gotta love it.
0.7 A flick tailor-made for the midnight slate at your favorite film festival. Especially if it's a festival that allows you to drink beer during screenings.
0.8 Charming film of a type completely absent these days.
0.6 [Spike] Lee doesn't judge Tyson's sins, but he does express an attitude toward his story, through the way he frames a desperately ingratiating Tyson at a persistent remove.
0.5 Kristen Wiig dazzles in what may be her best performance to date - and what is certainly her trickiest - but the actress is diminished by how unexpectedly rudderless the film feels.
0.7 ...hilariously wacky and touching Welcome to Me, a showcase for what Wiig can do when put front and center.
0.8 It's here that Wiig's wallflower wit finally dovetails with a lead role that has the depth to support it, as the film evolves into an exuberant cross between Synecdoche, New York and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
0.6 Irreverent but somewhat disturbing look at mental illness.
0.75 "Welcome to Me" basically lives and dies by [Wiig's] performance, and, luckily, her Alice Klieg is a carefully and cunningly crafted creation, which exposes an undercurrent of pain and sorrow beneath her often placid, pixilated state.
0.5 Has a few funny moments, but much of this dryly squirmy humor is laced with a pall of deep sadness and concern for a protagonist who is clearly psychologically unstable.
0.6 A frolicsome comedy that gives Kristen Wiig a chance to strut her stuff.
0.25 The movie is nothing more than a labored series of skits that play like ideas from rejected TV pilots.
0.7 There are a number of obvious directions Welcome To Me could take this material, and part of what makes it so refreshing, and insightful, is that it takes none of them.
0.6 There's a super-insane film inside "Welcome to Me," one that, as it happens, takes up about 80 percent of the picture. What's another 20 percent?
0.6 "Welcome to Me" is not just a character study, but a satire on how the self-centered emptiness of TV is a kind of epidemic.
0.5 It all plays more like a long, dark TV comedy sketch than an actual movie.
0.5 Maddeningly indulgent, an "SNL" sketch that goes on and on...
0.75 In the burnt-toast black Sundance comedy, Kristen Wiig goes dark and bipolar without losing her shield of likeability. It's a superpower to be marveled at, like the ability to carry on a long conversation without looking at one's mobile device.
0.875 The film rejects a fawning (or even particularly detailed) account of mental illness in favor of a plunge into the deep end of a bottomless ego.
0.625 ...it's hard to deny that the actress sporadically delivers a far more raw and naked performance than one has come to expect.
0.75 [Wiig] has one of the balliest acting careers out there.
0.5 We get so used to foreign filmmakers giving us original twists on genres like horror it's disappointing to be reminded that they can be banal and derivative too.
0.5 Every new zombie movie, however, has to be a little bit different than the one that came before it. Otherwise, it wouldn't be horrifying or much fun.
0.625 It's almost endearing how little Wirkola disguises his thefts from the gore-fests of Raimi, Peter Jackson and George A. Romero.
0.625 ...gorehounds will undoubtedly be willing to overlook the movie's various flaws once the admittedly stellar third act rolls around.
0.7 The sprightliest movie about mowing down revenants with a chainsaw that you are are ever likely to see.
0.75 The Norwegian Nazi-zombie movie Dead Snow is quite the jolly mountain holiday, pitting a group of medical students against a battalion of undead, unpleasant and unstoppable German soldiers hellbent on ruining a perfectly good Easter vacation.
0.5 This splatter film is set in Norway, but rest assured, it sticks with the formula.
0.625 If Mystery Science Theater 3000 had never existed, Dead Snow would have had to invent it.
0.6 Those undead baddies, allegedly flash-frozen since World War II, are kind of unique, but they don't make up for the sense of deja vu one feels watching the rest of Wirkola's bloody vacation-from-hell-athon.
0.675 A mindlessly entertaining horror film that starts off slow and dull, but, midway, it turns into a tongue-in-cheek, gory and guilty pleasure that will please avid horror fans. For maximum enjoyment, see it late at night with a large group of friends...
0.53 Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be.
0.6 Despite some dry humor, this is no-frills horror, from the hacked limbs to the gouged eyes.
0.75 [Director] Wirkola keeps the narrative taut, wasting not a frame; and he throws in funny moments, one involving a Nazi's icky intestine. Matt Weston's cinematography adds to the twisted charm.
0.4 Trust me, either this isn't your kind of movie at all or you've seen everything here done better and with fewer metaphoric quotation marks hovering over it.
0.6 Chomp-chomp, zip-zip go the Nazi zombies in Dead Snow, a self-consciously outlandish horror flick.
0.625 If you're in the mood for splatter, well, any film in which someone avoids a nasty fall by grabbing not a rope but a slowly unwinding intestine is certainly in the mood to deliver it.
0.7 Told in three completely different acts and styles, Dead Snow is like a primer of how the last 30 years of Hollywood horror has redefined the international scary movie landscape.
0.6 The movie definitely delivers in the gore department. The movie's problem -- you knew there had to be one -- is its uncertain tone.
0.75 Hitler of the Dead!
0.625 If you tamp down your expectations there is a storm of scary fun to be had in this Scandinavian splatterfest.
0.7 Finally a terrified 20-something has the opportunity to dangle off a cliff while hanging by the intestines of a Nazi zombie.
0.5 Norwegian zombie film is pretty standard, by-the-numbers fare, so generic it might as well have been shot by a soulless Hollywood studio.
0.6 DEAD SNOW is done with sufficient style to keep it interesting, but a little originality would have gone a long way.
0.75 Hematophagous audiences dissatisfied with Drag Me to Hell could do worse for a double feature than Dead Snow, a Norwegian love letter to American camp-horror.
0.7 It's a nice zombie confection with a smirking swirl...basically a love letter to Sam Raimi's first two Evil Dead films.
0.375 Dead Snow features a great premise - Nazi zombies! - and literally nothing else for horror hounds to chew on.
0.5 how does one ever live up to the promise of Nazi zombies?
0.8 Director Wirkola obviously knows the zombie genre inside out %u2013 and isn't afraid to pull its innards out farther than they've been pulled before.
0.7 Although not exactly all that scary, Dead Snow earns big points for enthusiasm, creativity, and a powerful devotion to all things ultra-splattery.
0.6 Much more than just another martial arts movie.
0.8 Great follow-up to OUATIC. More of a political conspiracy plot than a cultural one, but still has great fight scenes.
0.82 With its ability to maintain a balance between a high standard of intense action and thought-provoking storytelling, Once Upon a Time in China II accomplishes something very few sequels achieve: it outshines the original.
0.6 ...a more controlled, skillfully woven film overflowing with a talented cast and crew.
0.8 A funny movie for adults and older teens.
0.5 Throughout the movie, De Niro scowls and looks as if something smells bad -- and something does. It's the script.
0.625 ...the real problem with Showtime is that, for a comedy, it's not nearly funny enough.
0.6 Pairing no-nonsense actor Robert De Niro and comedy king Eddie Murphy may have been a clever idea rife with possibilities, but they are working for a creative team that ultimately misses its own point.
0.5 Murphy is no more capable of portraying an authentic cop than he is of going to the grocery store without a posse of Hollywood hangers-on.
1.0 Showtime was right on time. I needed the laugh.
0.5 Showtime is closer to Slowtime.
0.25 The thinness of the conception gives the actors so little room to maneuver that they turn in uniformly one-note performances.
0.6 E uma pena que, mais tarde, o proprio filme abandone o tom de parodia e passe a utilizar os mesmos cliches que havia satirizado.
0.625 Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases.
0.4 There's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits.
0.625 Chalk up another big-name star vehicle that fails to live up to a wealth of potential.
0.75 It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up.
0.4 The jokes are stale, the reality TV shtick has been done to death and the action sequences & bad guys are totally 80s...
0.75 By the time the production reaches its third act, it is nothing but car crashes and shoot-outs.
0.5 Both DeNiro and Murphy, no strangers to the buddy-buddy genre, are trapped in what is essentially a futile effort to make Showtime a top-of-the-line parody of the salt-n-pepper partner formulaic flicks of yesteryear
0.5 I suspect the writers simply ran out of clever ideas after establishing their basic premise, and coasted through the rest of the script on the creative equivalent of automatic-pilot.
0.7 The film benefits from De Niro's personification of the unglamorous, grumpy Mitch, from Murphy's overstressed -- yet amusingly credible -- performance.
0.4 The numerous references to other movies only show how uninspired this one is.
0.5 De Niro and Murphy are never boring and this rickety, messy film remains slightly amusing ... so we'll give it a B.
0.8 It is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is Hollywood's most serious actor.
0.375 Murphy's ad-libbed takes and De Niro's surly reactions serve them well, especially when the thrown-together script fails them.
0.2 Good lord almighty, call in the stink police! Trust me, this crime on celluloid should change its title to Stupidtime.
0.125 ...pitiful, slapdash disaster. A DOA dud from frame one.
0.5 So pleased with its own spoofy conceit it stays in annoyingly self-amused, predictable mode.
0.5 ... Showtime isn't much of a show at all.
0.3 ... aside from a few scenes with Shatner, it just isn't funny.
0.25 You know you've entered flat dramatic terrain when William Shatner towers over it.
0.5 The film essentially amounts to 48 HRS. with a reality TV subplot.
0.625 [U]neven but frequently engaging comedy ...
0.4 While dyed-in-the-wool fans of De Niro and Murphy might enjoy what's offered here, it simply isn't as good as others will probably be expecting or hoping.
0.75 It's definitely a hate-yourself-in- the-morning glut.
0.25 If anyone ever needed a demonstration of what happens to actors when that ventriloquist known as the screenwriter is missing in action, this is it.
0.375 Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas, and Showtime is crammed full of them.
0.375 The entire film feels like outtakes.
0.2 De Niro looks bored, Murphy recycles Murphy, and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal.
0.5 [De Niro and Murphy] manage to entertain, even if it seems they could have phoned in their performances.
0.625 Showtime is by no means great cinema, but it does succeed in taking your mind off terrorism, global warming, taxes, and impending old age for about 95 minutes.
0.375 Showtime's complete lack of originality oozes off the screen like, um, rancid popcorn butter.
0.6 The results are hit and miss and miss again.
0.375 Everyone involved should be arrested.
0.625 [B]eyond proving that there are no new ideas in Hollywood, Showtime could have been worse and is fun in its own small way.
0.375 [N]o matter how much good will the actors generate, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness.
0.7 A good, old-fashioned, suspend-all -disbelief, Hollywood comedy that leaves you laughing like crazy.
0.6 It's the chemistry between De Niro and Murphy that makes Showtime work, because it's certainly not the script or Tom Dey's uninspired direction.
0.25 ... most of Showtime is a layering of tired pop-culture tropes by actors who are not especially interested in what they're doing.
0.75 Between them, De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season.
0.25 So how many exes and children does Robert De Niro have to support, anyway? It's one of the things you could think about while enduring the abysmal Showtime ...
0.625 Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days, but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired.
0.25 It's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie, trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness.
0.75 Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made, Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while. Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon, anyway.
0.5 Given that the new comedy Showtime stars Eddie Murphy and Robert De Niro, it's disconcerting, discouraging and downright disorienting to realize halfway through it that what you'd really like is to see a bit more of William Shatner.
0.5 The movie's funny in the opening scenes and then forgets why it came to play.
0.5 Intentionally or not, the writers and director Tom Dey have made about as unreal a cop movie as you'll see.
0.4 Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon, but Showtime's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks.
0.625 [P]artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting. The catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders.
0.8 Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation.
0.5 Sloppy, half-baked mess.
0.3 A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director, Tom Dey, had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours (and, for that matter, Shrek).
0.625 Showtime is like a pair of comfortable old shoes. There's nothing new or particularly exciting about them, but you like to put them on just the same.
0.6 Generally funny, though it eventually devolves into the standard buddy cop flick it sets out to spoof.
0.25 One can't call a movie this stupid a "satire" of anything but unintentionally of itself.
0.25 ... the script for Showtime, which was rushed into production to avoid last year's anticipated actors' strike, is so achingly generic it can't even score points off as easy a target as Shatner.
0.375 One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart.
0.2 The story is boring, the action scenes are fine as far as they go, but the whole thing's a waste of time. Don't waste your time.
0.8 DeNiro shows he is capable of inspired silliness in this affectionate parody of buddy cop films.
0.5 It's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer, squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain.
0.68 Even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog, and Robert De Niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy.
0.5 The film is nothing more than a re-hash of other individual Murphy and De Niro outings.
0.7 Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy, but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws.
0.5 De Niro can't be blamed for looking mighty uncomfortable in this tepid comedy.
0.5 Sloppy construction and a ludicrous subplot drag down the energy, allowing it to surface in mere fits and starts.
0.4 A grating, emaciated flick.
0.7 Showtime is a lighthearted buddy cop comedy in which Eddie Murphy steals the show.
0.5 It's pathetically sanctimonious to make a satire that becomes, then grossly exceeds, that which it's meant to mock.
0.5 Impossibly lightweight for TV satire.
0.4 0.5
0.7 Using mostly amateur performers and improvised dialogue, Mr. Silver has created a profoundly awkward riff on dysfunction that's uneventful but not unrewarding.
0.75 Nathan Silver's film is a quiet and affecting micro-budgeted drama, its condensed frame evoking the claustrophobic feeling of the household it examines.
0.5 The sarcastic, nasty tone of smug hipness clashes mightily with the film's shrill attempts at sincerity and lesson-learning.
0.875 A a computer-animated burlesque fairy tale that generates more belly laughs than any live-action comedy since Best in Show.
0.7 The animation, with its dimensional verisimilitude, is beguiling and the whole package ends with a noncloying dash of uplift.
0.8 There's no denying that the monster-as-hero device has 90-odd-minutes worth of entertainment mileage, and the delivery of the story's moral is handled well enough to avoid tweeness.
0.8 This animated fantasy comedy from DreamWorks is an irreverent, occasionally scatological fairy tale with state-of-the-art computer-generated images that almost steal a march on Toy Story.
1.0 The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication.
0.75 The story has rollicking moments and the visuals are amazingly realistic.
1.0 Gross-out laughs meet a marvelous fairytale mix.
1.0 Though imperfect, "Shrek" offers enough diversions from animation's go-go-go that it's been sad - after lackluster third and fourth installments - to see the lovable green guy turn the way of impersonal franchise cash-grabbing.
0.9 It's one of the best fairytale films ever made, right up there with The Princess Bride.
0.75 Shrek is amusing and charming and it stands on it's own, but it does not rival Disney's best and I'm not saying it needs to, but that simply is the bar.
0.625 I seem to be the only one in the world unimpressed by this so-so animated feature.
1.0 Absolute perfection!
0.9 Bottom line: the story satisfies and the jokes avoid juvenile cliches.
0.75 What saves this movie are the performances by the actors, particularly Murphy and Myers.
0.8 The animation...is amazing.
1.0 Excelente fabula que encanta tanto criancas quanto adultos gracas ao seu humor acido e ao seu visual impressionante.
0.8 ...Altogether hip and clever, and the computer-generated 3-D animation is impeccably crisp and colorful.
0.875 A fresh twist on the fairytale humor genre.
0.8 Recommended.
0.875 Big-hearted, silly, wicked and loaded with laughs.
0.875 Sure, there's fun in the premise of a self-conscious fairy tale, mixing adventure and satire, but the film really got me when it eased up a bit on the cynicism and proved to have a big heart after all.
0.8 A movie that adults will easily enjoy every bit as much as the kids, maybe even more so.
0.82 A funny, well-paced, and satisfying twisted fairy tale.
0.875 A contemporary, yet sophisticated, concoction that throws almost every cliche...yet casts a spell over us with its charm and inventiveness.
0.58 There are numerous faults in Shrek, enough to addle the brain. Chief among these are the narrative infirmities, which begin with the attempt at creating a fairytale that subverts the storytelling conventions of tradition.
0.875 Forget Pinocchio or Snow White: children will want their parents to read them the adventures of Shrek when it's time to pick a bedtime story.
0.8 There is really something for everyone in this movie.
0.875 Has a diabolical sense of humor and a really big heart.
0.875 It delivers what the founders of DreamWorks Pictures originally promised -- alternative yet accessible entertainment.
0.8 It's the story itself that makes the film so endearing -- we actually start to care for the characters, even though we know from the start how it will all end.
0.8 Nothing in the world of fairy-tale cartoons appears to have been sacred.
1.0 Mother Goose meets Mad Magazine in easily one of the year's most entertaining movies.
1.0 ...one of the most delightful, charming, imaginative and superlative endeavors that computer animation has offered since the original 'Toy Story'...
0.875 La mas jocosa, magica y deslumbrante experiencia filmica del ano
0.8 This fable structure is allied to both a witty cynicism and sense of fun, which pervades the entire movie in equal measure.
0.6 At the heart of it lies a little story about love and acceptance that is actually rather bonny.
0.875 "Shrek" is more than just a dazzling technical achievement in digital animation, it is a witty, clever, charming romantic comedy about heroism, love and friendship.
0.9 "SHREK was good. SHREK was funny. SHREK kept me entertained. I had a blast."
1.0 A delightfully irreverent fairy tale.
1.0 The new technology is opening up entire worlds for moviegoers. Shrek is a prime example of this new movie magic.
0.7 A sly comic gem, combining a genuinely clever, very well-written story with definitive computer animation and a subversive spin.
1.0 The characters are so three-dimensional you forget you're watching painted digital creatures thought up by animation wizards.
1.0 The millennium's first great animated classic has been born. Long live Shrek!
1.0 A visually stunning animation masterpiece - Shrek is one heck of a movie.
0.69 A clever, amusing little film, but its smugness about being more politically correct than Disney is misplaced.
1.0 The best animated movie to hit the big screen since Toy Story.
0.75 This is beautiful work.
1.0 A movie that appeals to the eye, mind, heart and funny bone.
1.0 Despite all its high-tech weirdness, is really that most perdurable of human constructions, a tale told well and true.
1.0 Jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart.
0.75 The movie is helped immensely by its cast, who carry it through some of the early, sluggish scenes. But this is Murphy's movie. Donkey gets most of the good lines, and Murphy hits every one.
0.9 An animated gem, on a par with the best of the modern era.
0.875 Not just a good 'kids' film,' but a genuinely funny comedy.
1.0 A fat green ogre with a grouchy disposition and worse manners, Shrek is the sort of unlikely hero that nobody could love -- except just about everyone who sees this hip and hilarious animated delight.
0.75 A gleefully fractured fairy tale that never becomes cynical or crass.
1.0 Swift, sweet, irreverent, rangy and as spirited in the writing and voice work as it is splendid in design.
1.0 It has the big green earmarks of a classic.
0.625 Much of it seems a little sad, a deconstructivist overlay of jaded irony.
0.875 Not quite as clever as the Toy Story films, but still features some first-rate vocal performances by Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and John Lithgow.
0.8 The lack of manipulative sentimentality in Shrek allows for the more serious moments to be genuinely touching and meaningful.
1.0 Fast, irreverent and magnificently animated and acted.
0.875 A picture that truly is a perfect family film.
0.625 Toy Story 2 had a higher in-jokes/laughs ratio without straining to demonstrate its hipness or to evoke heartfelt emotions.
0.75 A drolly satirical but genuinely enchanting animated adventure.
0.8 A rollicking good time.
0.7 Torturing the Gingerbread Man? I'm sold.
0.8 Beating up on the irritatingly dainty Disney trademarks is nothing new; it's just that it has rarely been done with the demolition-derby zest of Shrek.
0.875 Even though Shrek never enters Pixar's rarified league, it is an imaginative and side-splitting movie that is a treat for young and old.
1.0 On its own merits, it's great fun.
1.0 This isn't just a fractured fairy tale, it's a storybook vision in a mushroom cloud of imagination and fun.
0.625 Big hit with kids AND adults but didn't gratify me.
0.7 Not to say that the film isn't amusing, but if you were looking for the Disney-killer, keep looking.
0.875 This isn't your grandmother's animated movie.
0.75 A fresh fruitatious smorgasbord of laughter that has but one disappointing blemish.
0.875 Shrek is not a guilty pleasure for sophisticated movie-goers; it is, purely and simply, a pleasure.
0.875 A world-class charmer.
0.625 This postmodern Dreamworks cartoon takes brilliant, albeit infrequenet, jabs at Disney's totalitarian control of the fairy tale genre.
0.8 Chalk this sucker up with Toy Story 2 and Chicken Run in the 'fun for the whole family' category.
1.0 The same low-tech requirements hold in the high-tech world of digital cinema: it all starts with the script.
0.875 A new animated classic has been born.
0.6 This is the mercurial nature of cinema. With good casting, decent writing and a light directorial touch where others might go for full-frontal schmaltz, almost any scenario can win you over.
0.6 It's no Bad Santa, but it's fun.
0.7 Having cast a knowing eye on teen debauchery in Dazed and Confused and coaxed a stellar performance out of Jack Black in School of Rock, the director is just the man to launch a surprise spitwad attack in the current culture wars.
0.75 If you're looking for another Adam Sandler/Jack Black comic masterpiece, this isn't it. It is, though, Billy Bob Thornton at his best, dropping analogies that would make a Hooters waitress blush.
0.5 Even if you never saw the original Bad News Bears, you've probably seen this movie. You know, the one where the reluctant coach pulls together the ragtag bunch of misfits and teaches them important lessons about teamwork.
0.6 Linklater's spirit is true: Practice still unfolds to the waltz of Carmen. Sentiment is avoided at all costs.
0.6 Thornton [knocks] every one-liner out of the park with the free rein Linklater allows him, though a picked-up pace would've been welcome.
0.7 Thornton is the real reason to watch. He plays most of his scenes with an understated unrepentant scumbaggishsness that makes him easy to simultaneously hate and like. It's a tricky balance to pull off, but he manages it well.
0.8 There are worse ways to spend an afternoon.
0.125 I'm not sure why filmmakers think we want to see kids put into dark situations and berated with profanities by Billy Bob Thornton.
0.5 ...what should've been a fun and breezy comedy is ultimately transformed into an incredibly tedious ordeal...
0.4 There's just no reason for this thing.
0.6 Ainda que esquematico, gera boas risadas gracas a dinamica entre Thornton e o elenco infantil.
0.6 The Bad News Bears is at its best when, like all good major league pitchers, it isn't afraid to get a little mean.
0.75 This is one remake that was done right. It retains some of the best ideas of the original, while updating it nicely into modern times.
0.625 Thornton seldom evokes the deep reserves of benevolence bubbling just beneath Matthau's comical, curmudgeon surface, and he has not nearly perfected the signature Matthau slow-burn.
1.0 .
0.6 Despite the lack of a vital air-punch from a curiously flat finale, there's much to love and laugh at.
0.6 Fans of the original will be amazed at how similar the two films are - the new version even makes the same extensive use of Bizet's Carmen on the soundtrack.
0.7 Raunchy, raucous fun featuring Thornton's Bad Santa persona in full effect.
0.6 The only real problem is that the writers haven't done anything remotely new with the material.
0.6 Billy Bob Thornton teaches kids about drinkin', cussin', and a little bit of baseball - not a classic, but still occasionally fun.
0.6 A pleasant surprise out of leftfield.
0.8 Every bit as funny, irreverent and enjoyable as the first. Billy Bob Thornton is wonderful and his young co-stars are devilishly entertaining.
0.625 Fails to rise above medium-to-low expectations, but it's not a huge mistake
0.6 Thornton's virtuoso performance is the only reason to plunk down hard earned bucks for this surprisingly lifeless remake of 'The Bad News Bears.'
0.5 In today's anything-goes society, the sight of 12-year-olds cussing like sailors on the screen no longer carries any novelty.
0.875 Certain things in this world are automatically funny, and a booze-swilling Billy Bob Thornton cussing out kids is one of them.
0.75 Billy Bob Thornton is the best weapon against cute that a kid baseball movie ever had.
0.5 There has to be a better reason to remake a movie than to drop the word 'the' from its title.
0.5 Bad News Bears has been robbed of its nerve and repackaged for multiplex consumption.
0.625 There is nothing wrong per se with this new version of The Bad News Bears. That said, the new version lacks the bite of what we saw in the mid-70's.
0.5 The film equivalent of a tribute band.
0.75 OK, parents and grandparents -- don't say I didn't warn you.
0.4 [It] just isn't a very good movie.
0.3 Paramount strikes out with yet another one of their remakes, lowering the batting average of film in general.
0.7 The good news is this "bad news" movie is hilarious.
0.8 It's hysterical that the people who saw this movie as kids are now bent out of shape from the film's content because it's exactly the same as it was 29 years ago.
0.6 That Linklater manages to make his remake as affecting as it is -- and there are moments of pure goofball zaniness scattered throughout -- is only surprising to those who haven't been following his sublimely wild-carding career.
0.8 ...this is completely true to the spirit of the original.
0.5 As Tanner observes about the non-alcoholic beer Buttermaker passes out after the big game, what's the point?
0.625 young teenagers might enjoy the mildly bad attitude and silly sequences, but adults will be bored
0.8 Mental revenge for all the crappy sports-genre flicks 2005 has unleashed until now.
0.5 Thornton doesn't bring any new energy or invention to his ne'er-do-well persona.
0.75 Fortunately, in the process of pursuing a box office winner, Linklater has crafted an entertaining motion picture.
0.5 No such menace or edge lies behind this version. Its best player, Thornton, has his nihilistic glee replaced by an ersatz version of Matthau's fuddy-duddiness.
0.2 I really hope Linklater finds a great project that needs funding in order to justify making this offensive piece of Hollywood hackery.
0.2 ...Bad News Bears pitifully attempts to draw laughter from its audience by parading cussing and sassy children in front of the screen like obscene little parrots.
0.5 The material is so solid and Thornton so tailor-made that the movie almost gets by.
0.625 Richard Linklater's cynical kiddie-sports comedy is less a remake of The Bad News Bears than a cover version; for all the updated riffs and personal noodling, it's best when it doesn't stray too far from the original material.
0.5 If you missed The Bad News Bears the first time around, this one might be worth catching just for Thornton; otherwise, it's just extra innings on a game that's already played out.
0.25 Perhaps someday French auteurists will be able to figure out how Bad News Bears fits into the cinematic oeuvre of Richard Linklater.
0.75 The spunkiness gets a bit crude but the team spirit remains, perennial as the crack of a bat on a summer day.
0.5 The remake, despite its naughty language and scenes at Hooters, actually plays it safer than its predecessor.
0.25 Charmless, witless, and utterly pointless, Richard Linklater's insultingly bad remake of Bad News Bears marks the absolute nadir of the maverick director's career.
0.6 What the remake does contribute is a reassuringly unforced tone and the idea that losing with (something like) dignity beats winning at all costs -- a message that resonates even more now than it did in 1976.
0.4 It isn't funny; it isn't sweet, and it has none of the innocence of the original.
0.75 Bad News Bears pitches more than punchlines. The film has a moral, even if it doesn't explore the deepest themes.
0.5 A crass and disappointing remake.
0.625 It's a sugary message wrapped up in a hilariously caustic, cynical package -- a big, sloppy raspberry on our win-at-all-costs culture and cookie-cutter Hollywood entertainment.
0.5 The Bears' eventual success seems utterly contrived and arbitrary.
0.5 The Bad News Bears is not risque at all, but it's often cute and has a handful of laughs, and that's about it. Not every film can be a winner, you know, but it still takes 12 to make a team and there's no 'i' in movie.
0.25 The kids in this knowing, tirelessly belligerent retread are as coarse and obnoxious as they ever were, maybe more so. And therein lies the problem.
0.625 Kids will be kids, and they are to be given leeway. But the film's adults, who end up only slightly redeemed at film's end, are not winners.
0.75 Even if we've seen it a million times, there's still fun to be had watching zeroes become heroes.
0.75 If you can stand the assault on your senses, you may discover that there's a good message underneath (one about not excluding people based on supposed 'handicaps'), and Thornton gets off some very funny one-liners.
0.375 Thornton and his directors have yet to master the subtlety between an endearing drunk and a sadist.
0.5 A celebratory team trip to Hooters even falls flat, which would seem to be a physical impossibility.
0.75 A good movie, not the disgraceful, witlessly modernized rip-off we have grown to expect from remakes.
0.625 Stranded between pushing the scatological envelope and caving in to the formulas the 1976 movie established, and until the well-nigh foolproof ending, it comes up gasping for air.
0.8 Nobody plays a dissolute scalawag like Billy Bob Thornton.
0.625 Faithful to the point of irrelevancy, Richard Linklater's remake of "Bad News Bears" is an OK enough time passer, but given the talent involved, it should have been much, much better.
0.3 This just seemed to be a studio-forced decision to bring in the writing team from Bad Santa to give us another Billy-Bob-Is-a-Drunk movie.
0.75 As it sparks to life, spewing outrageous jokes at the expense of every race, creed, infirmity and sensibility, viewers with G-rated hearts will run screaming, while the other screams in the theater will be those of laughter.
0.5 Ritchie's movie was genuinely subversive and hilarious; Linklater's, despite amped-up sexual references (the team celebrates at Hooters) is merely a passably amusing excuse to pass a couple of hours in an air-conditioned theater.
0.75 Thornton is believable as a hound dog, and he knows how to use a wry look -- and the audience's knowledge of his kinky marriage to Angelina Jolie -- to do the work for him.
0.625 Serviceable, but ultimately pointless because not a second of this remake tops anything in the original.
0.8 A raunchy, loud-out-loud movie that's incongruously politically incorrect.
0.625 The movie meanders listlessly about, hitting all the same beats as the original but with little enthusiasm.
0.5 Bears is like a pitcher who is nibbling at the strike zone. It's always close to hitting the target, but often frustratingly offline
0.625 Although it's hard to top Walter Matthau's irascible original, casting Thornton as the baseball-pelting, beer-swillin' yet lovable curmudgeon is kind of a no-brainer.
0.375 Even if the trailers sizzle, the film fizzles.
0.4 It must have seemed like a home-run idea to remake the potty-mouthed '70s Little League classic, but the result is a lazy double.
0.375 Sure, you'll feel a bit ashamed laughing at the raunchy, tasteless humor, but it's a dark theater and no one will know it is you.
0.75 Despite being a rather surprisingly slipshod piece of filmmaking, it's more than saved by a Thornton performance of such vibrant political incorrectness.
0.75 Appreciably funnier and more profane than its '70s-era ancestor.
0.3 When a movie this awful tosses the adjective "bad" into its title, we call it truth in advertising
0.625 Another in this summer's legion of pointless and empty remakes.
0.625 Profanity does not a creatively satisfying comedy make....slim characterization and an overfamiliar premise...[relegate] Bears to lazy, hazy, summer-daze mediocrity.
0.75 The progress of the story is predictable, as it is in all movies about underdogs. They are bad, and will get better.
0.5 Thornton's subversive performance as the type of guy parents warn their kids to stay away from is in this PG-13 movie a tad too profane for the preteens who would really dig it and too juvenile for most adults.
0.25 The movie comes from the Lazy Man's School of Cheap Laughs, where the class motto is: If you can't think of a joke, just string together profanities and raunchy sexual references.
0.75 The coach is certainly an offensive goofball, and the Bears are certainly a pack of hard-to-handle whippersnappers. But the picture's point is that surfaces don't tell the whole story about people, about teams, or about anything.
0.625 Delights in its unashamed vulgarity and spiritedly laugh-inducing wickedness.
0.9 The movie's lazy slacker charm is distinctly Linklater's own, as is the decision to cast Billy Bob Thornton as the team's irascible, perpetually drunk coach, Buttermaker.
0.625 The charm of listening to 10- and 11-year-old children swearing at one another begins to wear off quickly.
0.625 These kids are closer to Jose Canseco than to Abner Doubleday, and, for moviegoers, that's good news.
0.5 Bad News Bears isn't bad, really, but it isn't good, either.
0.375 Bad News Bears is a monster all right, one that strikes fear in the hearts of moviegoers who prize taste and novelty.
0.5 ...feels less like The Bad News Bears and more like the cliche-riddled sports-underdog comedies that have been ripping off The Bad News Bears for 30 years.
0.7 Strong performances by Thornton and Kinnear barely compensate for the dismal "acting" of Kraft who can't begin to carry Tatum O'Neal's spikes.
0.4 The film skitters along picking up plot lines and then abandoning them . . . with the verve and mystery that atoms show when obeying the more esoteric laws of physics.
0.375 Often a shot-for-shot redux--the worst kind of cover song.
0.5 two films colliding here-one resembling the R-rated drunken night of a college student's rowdiness,the other resembling the awkward,PG-rated apology from a hung over man
0.7 Despite storytelling unevenness, its pervasive good nature and a bellyful of Thornton one-line zingers carries it pretty much out of the ballpark.
0.6 I laughed a few times, mostly at Missi Pyle's antics.
0.6 isn't exactly the kind of movie that you would expect
0.75 Thirty-something girls gone wild!
0.3 a shapeless disaster
0.5 When I did laugh, it was because of some weird little twist one of the actors gave to a line reading or some bit of physical comedy they tried. It wasn't because the movie itself was actually witty.
0.5 Spring Breakdown - Three terrific actresses in one mediocre misfire.
0.0 A very bad genre exercise starring some very good comedic actresses who really should change agencies soon.
0.625 A peculiar and oddly haunting achievement.
0.5 Bizarre, unpredictable yet strangely alluring.
0.5 The fear is comical; the loathing almost nonexistent.
0.8 Certainly uneven at times, but Terry Gilliam's surreal mood piece paints a vivid, splashy picture of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson.
0.9 A beautiful cinematic showcase for Thompson at the peak of his writing skills.
0.75 It may start off as a lighthearted, excess-filled, party-road-trip movie, but Depp is reigned in a little towards the end as his character (a stand-in for Thompson) poetically bemoans the sad failure of the late-60s ideals and values.
0.87 ...he first hour of the film is as successful as anything I've ever seen or read at conveying how the world looks to the drugged.
1.0 Years from now, it will be reappraised as a misunderstood masterpiece. Well, this is one American critic who's not waiting until years from now.
0.5 Unlike Trainspotting, Fear and Loathing doesn't shock or fascinate. It simply disgusts and repels.
0.61 If Gilliam was intending to create a film that would disgust, disorient and eventually irritate, then this one's a bona-fide masterpiece - but don't expect me to sit through it ever again.
0.625 ...has an incongruous, stream-of-consciousness tang that requires just the right mood to enjoy.
1.0 Fellini's movies work on this level, reveling in their carnival atmosphere while at the same time critiquing them.
0.5 While entertaining early on, these drug-induced trips become increasingly repetitive as the story progresses.
1.0 We get a ringside seat for how meaningless and cruel the real world is.
0.625 It's not pretty, but it's no accident either.
0.875 This is one awesome flick, often hilarious and always visually stunning.
0.5 It's really a series of sketches on one theme.
0.5 Depp takes what starts as an almost unwatchably bad movie and manages to make it kind of fascinating.
1.0 A triumph of direction over plot, imagination over treatment, and conception over realism.
0.7 The movie is clearly intriguing in ways it may not have intended.
0.625 The film doesn't have a strong point, but it tells it vividly and with an intense visual flair.
0.6 Visually incredible and blessed with great performances from Depp and Del Toro, this is destined for cult classic status - but the plot and symbolism are less impressive.
0.6 What the movie lacks in plot it makes up for in irony.
0.7 This movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour, rather than substance or plot.
0.8 They set out to do a straight adaptation of the book, and they did--and go figure, it worked.
0.5 The movie is really just one scene after other, giving the impression that each tableau could form the basis of a separate narrative, but the images just do not gel as segments of a 128-minute work.
0.0 This movie inspires no fear in me, but loathing? Yes. Oh yes.
0.125 This big-screen adaptation of the 1971 cult classic is a sure candidate for many worst ten film lists.
0.6 It's a scattershot rendering of a scattershot story told with scattershot effectiveness.
0.875 One of the most faithful film adaptations not only in terms of substance, but also style.
0.25 If you encountered characters like this on an elevator, you'd push a button and get off at the next floor. Here the elevator is trapped between floors for 128 minutes.
0.5 Darn funny, but those moments of seemingly-inspired humor are more than offset by the rest of the movie, which is nearly unwatchable.
0.3 Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.
0.4 Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings.
0.3 Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door.
0.4 A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens.
0.125 An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks.
0.4 Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head.
0.4 The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating.
0.2 Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists.
0.4 Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s.
0.2 Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks.
0.2 "This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant.
0.2 Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.
0.4 seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters
0.2 Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon.
0.0 The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify.
0.5 Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.
0.375 As if one Duff wasn't enough for us.
0.25 I liked it better with Brittany Murphy.
0.2 The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy.
0.0 It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts.
0.0 The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin.
0.0 The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic.
0.4 finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful.
0.125 You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck.
0.32 This is indeed one dumb film.
0.25 Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through.
0.375 A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements.
0.5 Light but listless.
0.625 There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun.
0.0 Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above.
0.5 Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable.
0.125 The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.'
0.3 As a film that sets out to poke fun at the LA, St Tropez tan, famous for being famous, stupid small dogs lifestyle, its far too candy-coated and lacks bite, while the comic timing is off.
0.2 Is Anjelica Huston in need of work? Is that why she's in this piece of crap?
0.2 Certainly doesn't bode well for either Duff Sister if this is the best script coming their way.
0.5 Though by no means an unbearable watch, A Promise is almost as much an exercise in patience for its viewers as it is for Friedrich and Lotte.
0.4 The main drawbacks are the grey decorousness of the pacing and visuals, and Richard Madden's unsympathetically flat playing as antihero Fritz.
0.6 Nonetheless, at its best, it has some of the same qualities as Ophuls' [Letter from an Unknown Woman].
0.6 When a French filmmaker travels to Belgium to film a German story in English, it's hardly surprising that the resulting movie feels somewhat awkward.
0.4 The lack of chemistry between Madden and Hall drains the film of energy and their unrequited longing is often unintentionally amusing.
0.2 If you only watch one Stefan Zweig-inspired film this year, watch The Grand Budapest Hotel. If you watch two, see The Grand Budapest Hotel twice. Awful.
0.4 A particularly languid, slow-burning period drama.
0.2 After a while, I didn't know where to look. Anywhere but at the screen.
0.4 It's a curiously flat affair, the passage of time never really evoked and - with the exception of a wheezing Rickman - the acting lacks any dramatic, let alone romantic, spark.
0.4 This film simply isn't very good!
0.2 Perhaps the added strains of working in a foreign language was its downfall - this is Leconte's first film to be made in English - although you wonder if the result could have been any worse if he'd been directing in Tongan.
0.6 Inoffensive as living room wallpaper, though that's hardly a recommendation.
0.4 Despite decent performances, a promising dramatic set-up leads to little of real interest.
0.4 Gabriel Yared's score works hard to rouse emotion but when the most exciting scene involves a rat, the erotic frisson clearly isn't happening.
0.4 The actors are smoothly professional and the production feels polished. But it's hard to recommend a romance without passion, no matter how pretty it looks.
0.5 Patrice Leconte struggles to find a coherent rhythm, a problem exacerbated by a hurried running time that compresses some of the novella's more interesting socio-political nuances.
1.0 The film delivers on every level of the emotional scale. It will make you laugh, it will make you cry, and it will make you want to scream.
0.75 Trainwreck isn't perfect, but it's hardly a... railway disaster.
0.4 Not one of Tashlin's better efforts.
0.875 Years before Kenneth Anger, Frank Tashlin located the decadent Babylon in Hollywood and found it not that different from the splashy Looney Tunes bonanzas he used to fashion during his salad days as an animator.
0.4 Sure, the scenery is splashy and sporty in color and CinemaScope. But the show is as meager and witless as a cheap pin-up magazine joke.
0.8 Wild combination of cartoonish farce with seminal rock performances. Those milk bottles!
0.8 It's a great looking great sounding movie.
0.4 The only thing complicated about Nancy Meyers' latest rom-com is its depiction of familial relationships. Why do Meryl Streep's adult children keep on cuddling and squeezing one another?
0.6 Alec Baldwin does the near impossible: he steals a Meryl Streep film from Meryl Streep.
0.6 While it may be complicated for the characters, it's a simple formula for light movie entertainment.
0.75 A charming cast of veteran pros are at the top of their comic game.
0.8 an occasionally pleasant misfire, a romantic comedy that, despite its bright premise and superlative cast, isn't as smart as it should be.
0.4 The Oscar talk surrounding It's Complicated is some way off, it's not a bad film, but it's certainly nothing to get excited about.
0.2 click to read full review
0.875 Streep finally gets her chance to cut loose -- and her frisky, flirty Jane is a comic revelation.
0.4 Ao menos e consistente em sua mediocridade, errando ate o ultimo instante.
0.75 Rollicking and ribald, 'It's Complicated' is a comedy about passions and people 'of a certain age.'
0.7 The 'yuppie-bohemian' culture prevalent in most films of this nature remains uninspired, and while the Adler's affair may be complicated, the plot isn't, but as a perfect example of what the right casting will achieve, it remains very watchable.
0.8 A refined, balanced and eminently funny film, featuring three sublime performances from its incredibly talented leads.
0.625 ...an affable and downright breezy romcom romp.
0.75 A fun and sweet romantic comedy that lands comfortably on the smart side of vacant, along the way offering a pleasant and satisfying diversion for the grown-ups in the room.
0.4 Like all Meyers' films, it's more about interior design porn than real human emotions and drags on for far too long. Still, Streep, Krasinski and Baldwin are so good, they almost make it work. Almost.
0.6 Streep is as enjoyable as ever, and if laughs count for anything, this is one of the better romantic comedies of the season.
0.6 It's Complicated is the kind of wholesome adult-oriented entertainment that once formed the bedrock of classical Hollywood.
0.6 For me, Meyers's romcoms have been unwatchable because of the utter fakeness of their leading players: but I must confess, Baldwin and Streep do have that most over-analysed thing, "chemistry."
0.6 No one's calling it great art. But as an indulgent confection, it's more filling and less embarrassing than we had any right to expect.
0.6 While making a few pithy observations about the mid-life condition, it's no more complicated - or profound - than a racy issue of Hello!
0.6 Not too sickly-sweet, but not sour either - still, Meyers' sex-with-the-ex comedy is an entertaining poke in the eye for Hollywood ageism.
0.8 Mixing elements of frisky French farce with middle-class American comedy, It's Complicated is a daffy and delectable spree.
0.6 It's Complicated is the best middle-aged romcom since Julie & Julia. If you loved Streep in that or Mamma Mia!, you're also going to like her a lot in this.
0.8 Meyers steers a middle course between saccharine and sentiment with her latest, a warm, witty and wise rom-com focusing on the mating habits of fiftysomething Californians. Think Sex And The City for seniors.
0.4 An almost unbearably twee look at three wealthy people in a love triangle.
0.6 It's Complicated is another Streepshow, like Mamma Mia, that illustrates the power and willingness of Hollywood's best actress to slough inhibitions like Salome's veils.
0.2 On it drags, simpering the while over the lavish accoutrements of upper-middle-class life as though they contained the key to all happiness - which, in Meyers's worldview, they probably do.
0.4 A slice of pure Hollywood hokum overstaying its welcome by at least 15 long minutes.
0.8 This is escapist fluff, pure and simple, but it's given a huge boost by some deliciously funny scripting from writer-director Nancy Meyers and a trio of ace lead performances.
0.6 It's all very contrived and terminally nice. Probably too nice for its own good.
0.2 The erroneously titled It's Complicated revels in reducing smart, intelligent women to mewling morons whose ability to attract the attentions of past-their-prime leading men somehow counts as progress.
0.625 Meyers has a finger firmly planted on the pulse of what makes people in the middle of their lives tick, although it would help if she didn't make her characters work so hard to get out from under all of that enviable production design
0.6 Watchable, if overlong and underdeveloped romcom that just about survives Nancy Meyers' bloated direction thanks to strong comic performances from a perfectly cast Streep and Baldwin.
0.7 While It's Complicated may not be as complicated as it wants to be, it has just the right amount of appeal to put a smile on your face...
0.625 A scrubbed-clean fantasy, the story of privileged people living lives taken straight from catalogs.
0.6 It's Complicated may not be all that complicated after all, but at least it's entertaining enough, thanks to Streep and Baldwin.
0.75 Baldwin, Martin and Meyers stage an ensemble comedy that's among the funniest movies of 2009.
0.4 Meryl Streep is surprisingly awful in this movie...one of her very worst performances.
0.6 I'm not sure I'd want to download a podcast of Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin reading the instructions to a 1040 form, but I'd imagine both could make the material become more pleasantly vibrant.
0.6 There's something enjoyable about silly romantic comedies that centre on middle-aged people for a change, especially when the characters are as well-cast as these. And even if the film is both over-long and rather pointless.
0.625 "It's Complicated" will be for middle-aged women what the latest "Transformers" sequel is for teenage boys.
0.4 It's abundantly clear that the Martin character, a sweet, sensitive 60-ish man who's a good listener - and an architect, to boot - is Meyers' version of the ideal male.
0.5 It may be complicated but it's not funny and with this cast it should be.
0.9 For all the complicatedness of the emotions Streep and Baldwin navigate, it's still a smooth ride to huge grins and hearty guffaws, with excellent performances.
0.4 It's complicated. Oh wait, no it's not. This film is a classic example of rich people's problems.
0.625 Writer-director Nancy Meyers surprisingly goes too easy on the character of Jake, a decision that leaves a bad taste and drains some of the fun out of this otherwise agreeable (if rarely uproarious) bauble.
0.5 [Meyers has] given us her thinnest slice of comic relationship angst yet, proving, I guess, that you actually can be too thin.
0.625 Writer-director Meyers, who's devoted much of her career to midlife American arousal, that she loses her sense of fun.
0.875 Simply put, It's Complicated is a hoot.
0.75 The movie works because the audience can identify with Jane's life, even if they can't identify with her kitchen.
0.5 Meyers has a good feel for contemporary comedy; ita(TM)s reality, however, that slips through her grasp.
0.5 More sitcom than screwball, Meyers' films are more interesting to talk about -- Why aren't more movies aimed at this demographic? What does the popularity of these films say about mature women and their relationships? -- than enjoyable to watch.
0.75 It's Complicated thankfully isn't %u2013 as a romantic comedy, that is. It's pretty straight forward, funny stuff, bolstered by terrific performances and a script that zings.
0.2 The only person in the cast who knows how to portray comedy in film is John Krasinski...only when he is on screen does the movie come alive, and that's not enough.
0.75 It's Complicated proves Nancy Meyers has the aging rom-com genre to herself - and it's in very good hands.
0.6 It's Complicated is basically Wild Hogs for smart people, big stars playing below their gifts in a crowd-pleasing movie.
0.8 There is a line of dialogue spoken by Meryl Streep that is worth the entire price of admission.
0.75 It's a spirited rom-com with 3 strong leads who can do any number of brilliant comedic turns in their sleep. Or in their kitchens. Or in an assortment of beds, where the fun truly heats up.
0.6 There are some giggles here, but most of them are coming from Streep as she goes through her litany of coy indecisiveness ending with the desired reaction.
0.6 Streep and Baldwin turn in two fearless performances. They play to the film's strengths perfectly, overpowering its defects
0.87 Refreshingly mature, funny and endearing with a terrific cast and razor sharp dialogue. Meryl Streep sizzles in a sexy, bold and honest performance. It's an intelligent American romcom with a very French sensibility.
0.8 Working from a slight script that rarely surprises, the superb cast makes an otherwise mediocre cinematic exercise into something that, if not profound, at least entertaining, at times, even moving
0.6 Parents will dig this over-50 romcom, but kids won't.
0.875 Baldwin steals the film with his gleeful naughtiness.
0.9 It's Complicated isn't. This is straight-ahead, sophisticated comedy, an evolution of what Doris Day, Rock Hudson and Tony Randall did in the 1960s.
0.625 It's refreshing watching mature adults in a genre usually reserved for the youth market.
0.75 It's Complicated unleashes an unabashedly, desperately romantic side of Baldwin that we haven't seen before. He doesn't steal this movie so much as grant all Streep's fluttering and twirling and hand-fanning an exuberant counterweight.
0.625 Streep is clearly having fun playing a romantic lead. Why she hasn't gotten more offers for these kinds of roles is anyone's guess. She also has a lot of chemistry with Baldwin and Martin. All three of them are reason enough to see the film.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with a little fantasy; indeed, a lot of us like gazing at lavishly set tables and meticulously chosen throw pillows. But It's Complicated suffers from terminal niceness.
0.375 Does anyone else think it's too soon for Nancy Meyers to be remaking Something's Gotta Give, a movie she wrote and directed just six years ago?
0.5 Nancy Meyers never pushes for a hard truth when she can reach for an easy laugh. She's like an industrial device, stamping out 100 percent pure-plastic midlife female fantasy.
0.5 Actually, Hollywood, it's very simple: If you're lucky enough to rope pros like Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin into a formulaic comedy that's clearly beneath them, you rise to the occasion.
0.875 The romantic comedy about a divorced couple having an affair manages to be both light on its feet and heavy enough to deliver something of a message.
0.6 The truth is that everyone needs a little coddling, which could be the key to Ms. Meyers's peculiar talent: She pampers her audience shamelessly.
0.75 I enjoyed the spectacle of middle-aged people making spectacles of themselves. And I appreciated the film's gentle understanding of how the romance of a parent affects the children.
0.9 For Streep, as always, acting is anything but complicated.
0.5 A movie that's one-third hilarious is better than no thirds at all, but look at the cast: Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin. Doesn't that promise a somewhat larger fraction of laughs?
0.375 Meyers completely fails to find the strengths of the actors: Streep is too giggly, Baldwin is too bombastic and slapsticky, and Martin is too shy.
0.75 There is charm to be found in the simplicity of fine comic performances, which It's Complicated has in its leads and at least one supporting cast member.
0.8 I laughed in It's Complicated more than in any other film this year. Comedies, especially those for thinking adults, don't get any funnier than this.
0.4 just not a film interested in working very hard
0.4 It's Complicated is a nice two hours of fantasy -- think of it as Avatar for Eileen Fisher customers -- but it's as predictable as it is pretty, and as totally disposable as it is temporarily distracting.
0.875 Snappy dialogue and an up-tempo pop soundtrack add to It's Complicated's entertaining mix as director Nancy Meyers proves again that she has a deft hand with rom-coms.
0.7 Meyers manages to offset most of the usual rom-com pitfalls just by passing the ball to Meryl Streep or Alec Baldwin.
0.5 Meyers does her job pretty well. She's a clever contriver, adept at adding a patina of apparent relevance, even a veneer of feminism, to situations that are otherwise bogus and artificial.
0.625 It's Complicated is a rearrangement of the goods in Nancy Meyers' bakery, and some of them belong on the day-old shelf.
0.5 Meyers' usually enjoyable brand of glossy escapism fails her here, resulting in a movie that's not nearly complicated enough.
0.625 Yes, it coulda had more laughs, but in the spirit of seasonal good cheer, let me predict that the best-chocolate-croissant-making montage in Hollywood history is going to help this one clean up at the box office.
0.75 With a story that by turns defies and adheres to formulas, It's Complicated ends up being one of the end-year's best sources of pure entertainment.
0.5 Meyers uses musical montages and shoots the principals doubling over in laughter in place of crafting witty dialogue. Escapism has its place at the movies, but something this slick is like a lavishly wrapped but empty Christmas present.
0.2 A romantic comedy in which Meryl Streep, but not the audience, laughs a lot.
0.4 Insipid and borderline insulting.
0.625 The empowerment message is obvious, the strain of trying to be "hip" and edgy in the script shows. But Meyers sets the table for funny people to deliver laughs.
0.2 It's not complicated: this movie sucks.
0.625 Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin don't elevate this Nancy Meyers comedy as much as they save it from itself. It has all the earmarks of a door-slamming French sex farce, but without the messy subtitles.
0.75 It's simply a good time, a relatively adult and easygoing conveyance for three ace performers of a certain age, working through a few comic machinations created by writer-director Nancy Meyers.
0.75 What is appealing is to see a romantic date movie in which the protagonists are well past puberty and are likely AARP members.
0.5 It's clear I'm out of the demo for this one, which fetishizes interior design and home furnishings almost as much as the sex. But a substantive plot larded with more laughs would have made my thoughts much less conflicted.
0.25 The character names are irrelevant as the plot's a hoary, hokey pretense to gather under the stars.
0.625 You don't have to feel guilty for lapping up this froth. Just don't expect nourishment.
0.8 A smart, sophisticated and downright hilarious comedy.
0.45 When a movie with such a high pedigree feels so uninspired, you have to wonder whether there's any hope whatsoever for the romantic comedy genre.
0.4 Self-righteous and obnoxiously condescending.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a delightful, middle-aged romantic comedy, this is your ticket. It's a glossy holiday confection that's chock full of laughter.
0.5 Firehouse Dog is a run of the mill kids film. Adults will be fairly bored by it, and how many kids like it depends on how much they like goofy animal tricks.
0.6 Equal parts dog adventure and father-son tale.
0.6 Breezy, silly and energetic, this canine frolic won't win top prize at Crufts, but it should offer an alternative to Pottered-out parents with young pups to please.
0.4 Take the kids and have a nap in the dull bits.
0.4 Firehouse Dog certainly won't be the hottest thing to hit cinemas this summer.
0.6 The dog is as cute as you'd expect, while Hutcherson gives a characteristically believable performance. Adults may not be quite as enamoured, but Firehouse Dog should keep them awake to the end
0.2 Needs hosing down.
0.6 As well as potty humour, this canine Backdraft has its share of adult moments. Mostly, though, it's family fun, with Hutcherson showing he's the go-to kid for sensitive loners.
0.4 I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness, though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag.
0.4 Todd Holland's film manipulates the prickly issues with scant regard for emotional credibility. The sentimentality is ghastly, but Rex has his moments.
0.6 Welcome emotional gravity.
0.4 No matter how you hose it down, it's always gonna smell of wet dog.
0.8 Enjoyable, well made family drama with strong performances, an engaging plot, impressive action sequences and a decent script.
0.71 Neither memorable nor innovative, Firehouse Dog ekes out success by executing a familiar family film formula faithfully.
0.5 It may not set the box office on fire, but this canine caper is more agreeable than your average underdog tale.
0.7 The strong performances and sharp dialog more than make up for some corny effects.
0.4 Perhaps the lesson to be learned is that just because we can use computer technology to give dogs goofy faces, that doesn't mean we should.
0.75 It's not animated.It's not Disney.It's not moronic.And, sadly, that might mean that the entertaining, worthwhile "Firehouse Dog" could go missing.
0.166666666667 We're forced to endure plenty of scatological gags and treacly exchanges between Shane and his distant dad as the film imparts an obvious message about the frivolity of stardom.
0.4 Most of the film sits firmly in a comfort zone of fart jokes and dogs doing cool tricks.
0.375 Almost two hours of tedious vulgarity, which leaves plenty of time to feel sorry for Greenwood, whose efforts to deliver a warm, subtle performance are regularly upstaged by poo jokes and bratty hijinks.
0.4 There were plenty of fart jokes and dog burps to make my kids laugh.
0.6 Scruffy, spirited, family-friendly comedy with too many flatulence jokes and pooch-related puns.
0.4 ...the movie isn't particularly bad, but it's utterly and absolutely insignificant.
0.5 A movie that is probably too intense for younger children yet too simplistic for their older siblings or grownups.
0.5 Concentrates on plot, lots and lots of plot, a butt-numbing 111 minutes of plot with at least six subplots. Unless your child has the patience of a saint, I'd suggest proceeding with caution.
0.3 throws most of its well-chewed bones to the youngest of patrons and treats ticket-purchasing parents like hydrants.
0.5 It's harmless enough for young kids, but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic, instantly forgettable family-friendly feature.
0.5 If it's not the dog of the week, this is surely a bow-wow flick without pedigree.
0.5 Firehouse Dog is credited to three writers, but not one of them seems to have a solitary spark of an idea.
0.6 Despite a clunky start (and pedestrian filmmaking) the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age.
0.625 It's got a formulaic plot, the jokes are middling, and... the acting's nothing to write home about, either. It's acceptable [for kids], if disposable.
0.75 Firehouse Dog has good fire action, an engaging cast and enough vividly shot turns, surprises and bowwow reactions to hold the firm attention of pet lovers from age 5 on up. Go fetch.
0.75 Despite every expected turn of events, this is a real hero story.
0.75 Like a loyal pet, Firehouse Dog ends up being a fun family experience all ages will enjoy.
0.625 A quality dramedy that knows how to satisfy its target audience. Rexxx is talented in tricks and stunts, but this is Josh Hutcherson's film all the way.
0.625 Intertwining more storylines than a dog walker's clutch of leashes, Firehouse Dog nevertheless gets them all neatly resolved, pets in the right hands and wrongdoers in the can.
0.75 It has one of the best -- if not always the most heartwarming -- dog-and-his-boy relationships since Lassie.
0.25 If there was a good idea at the core of this film, it's been buried in an unsightly pile of flatulence jokes, dog-related bad puns and a ridiculous serial arson plot.
0.75 In a film that's effectively the canine version of Doc Hollywood, the title character learns to sift false from true values. It's barking up the right tree.
0.375 You'd be better off taking your kid to visit a dog run for a couple of hours.
0.5 This is an oddly second-rate production for a major-studio release; the underwhelming mystery belongs in a Scooby-Doo episode, and the slapdash direction is just as shaggy.
0.75 Firehouse Dog is a wholesome throwback to a time before computer animators made animals talk and penguins hogged the glory.
0.625 An entertaining family comedy full of both tricks and trickery.
0.375 Is it impossible to make an exciting, warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that doesn't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters?
0.375 Firehouse Dog isn't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses, but at times it's close enough for discomfort.
0.6 In Firehouse Dog a pampered Hollywood pooch trades his movie-star lifestyle for a run-down firehouse sadly in need of a mascot.
0.5 The fun-loving flea-bitten fable Firehouse Dog is a cutesy kiddie comedy that unfortunately barks up the wrong tree.
0.375 ...so overstuffed with heavy themes and convoluted plot lines that it barely manages to squeeze in the requisite gags about canine flatulence.
0.375 Nothing says "family film" like a doggie foursome!
0.5 Had it been made shortly after 9/11, Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud.
0.6 Though it never completely catches fire, there's enough earnestness and warmth that makes it a welcome alternative in a family film arena dominated by computer animation and associated toy lines.
0.8 The real question is: How does it go from setup A to inevitable payoff B? Answer: with humor, humanity and production values a cut above your average boy-and-his-dog movie.
0.4 Firehouse Dog is like that corgi or collie who won't or can't learn a trick. It just lies there, looking cute, gathering fleas.
0.75 Once it figures out it's more drama than comedy, Firehouse Dog does the job.
0.6 A slight and breezy curtain call for one of Hollywood's best duos.
0.8 A highly entertaining buddy comedy with two legendary stars in top form.
0.6 A flimsy film, but the two old pros make it worth catching.
0.6 A humourous and also fitting encore for screen's legendary duo
0.75 Akroyd and Basinger give the film an infectious stroke of energy, and by the end we continue to smile even as we are exhausted under the weight of endless nonsense.
0.4 Pretty dumb fantasy-sci-fi-comedy directed by Richard Benjamin.
0.6 Not nearly as bad as advertised.
0.6 Harmless.
0.4 There were more laughs in "Nine and a Half Weeks"
0.3 ...and your movie is a joke.
0.5 Jay Jonroy, who wrote and directed David & Layla, has come up with some potentially funny material that doesn't quite work.
0.625 The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic cliches is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy's cross-culture love story, which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding.
0.625 My Big Fat Muslim Wedding!
0.625 Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy's comedy, and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new (along with a feast of great-looking food) is being brought to the table.
0.3 David and Layla is proof, if proof be needed, that good intentions just aren't enough.
0.375 David and Layla isn't going to solve any problems -- it's got way too many of its own.
0.4 Rather than a real drama about these things, David & Layla plays like '70s-era sitcom.
0.625 Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about: finding the good in those different from you. It's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all.
0.375 The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended, but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment.
0.5 There is nothing poetic about it.
0.6 Though it's no Romeo and Juliet, David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message.
0.6 Weird reworking of Night at the Opera that's more peculiar than successful.
0.4 Someone needed to donate one to this director.
0.7 The jokes come so frequently you won't even have time to sneer at the lame ones. And yeah, a lot of 'em are kinda lame. John Turturro is, however, a man possessed.
0.4 Some funny moments peppered with lots of sexual innuendo.
0.625 Chock full of wacky misunderstandings and bawdy innuendo...
0.6 A sporadically funny but very confused follow-up to A Fish Called Wanda.
0.2 If you disliked "Wanda", you'll loathe this!
0.8 Pretty funny semi-sequel to A Fish Called Wanda.
0.4 It has little of the wit and none of the bite of "A Fish Called Wanda."
0.6 close nut no banana
0.2 A misguided, neverending bellyflop of a film.
0.7 It's a pale imitation of "Wanda," but still fairly packed with giggles.
0.5 The spirited cast of Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline and Monty Pythonites John Cleese and Michael Palin is willing. But this tossed-together trifle about an unassuming British zoo taken over by a money-mad Murdochian media mogul is weak.
0.8 A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing.
0.8 Bonkers laugh... like a colourful, senses-pounding rush. The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out Of Water offers far more craziness than David Hasselhoff could in the first film.
0.8 An animated Monty Python movie you can take the whole family to.
0.8 The live-action sequences, in which Antonio Banderas chews the pirate scenery, may not live up to the Looney Tunes madness of the cartoons, but for sheer head-scrambling craziness this is hard to beat.
0.5 The prolonged live-action sequence is great fun, but ends too quickly. It seems like a lost opportunity.
0.6 Intermittently, SpongeBob's latest feature is very funny indeed, even for non-devotees of the original series.
0.8 Sponge Out of Water has a frenetic, Looney Tunes pacing and a head-spinning, surreal story that makes you wonder whether it's aimed at children or stoners.
0.7 SpongeBob SquarePants has always been aimed much more at childish adults than actual children, and this deranged comical adventure is no exception...
0.8 Under the expert guidance of TV series writer/director Paul Tibbitt, sophisticated adult gags jostle with inspired childish silliness, each element dovetailing for increased inventiveness.
0.8 Almost every line is a zinger, which can be appreciated in a state of total sobriety: it's a non-stoner stoner film - and very funny.
0.6 The film moves like a pyjama case full of angry weasels, and finds ingenious ways to cram every scene with just one more loopy, disposable gag or slapstick thwack. It may not be the year's best animated film, but it's almost certainly the most.
0.6 There's a streak of madness running through The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water, elevating it above the usual run-of-the-mill animated fare into something that, at its best, is inspired lunacy.
0.7 It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined.
0.6 What it delivers is what it promises: a battery of deliciously daft, fast-firing, self-mocking, flavour-rich gags, flung with such zest you don't mind if they're disposable.
0.6 For the most part, Sponge Out of Water provides decent-sized doses of wacky animated fun; it's packed full of hilarious one-liners, pop culture references and colourful characters that should keep both adults and kids entertained.
0.7 A film of rare ambition in family filmmaking, the obvious result of passion and care.
0.875 Psychedelic, colorful and in-your-face, you'll want to soak up the latest from Spongebob.
0.875 The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water finds a reason to come off the TV and onto the movie screen. More than fifteen years since his debut, he feels fresh once again.
0.25 Why a movie about an unassuming cartoon sponge felt compelled to adopt the register of a summer blockbuster is beyond me.
0.5 A nominal theme&mdash;complete with theme song&mdash;of teamwork. But really, Sponge Out of Water is about little more than fast food and ice cream, with the same promise of empty calories.
0.6 Silly, surreal and squeezable, SpongeBob scores again.
0.95 Laugh out loud funny, visually engaging, and entertaining for anyone of any age, Sponge Out of Water proves that Spongebob has plenty left in the tank and is bound to allow us to visit his pineapple under the sea for many years to come.
0.6 Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants.
0.6 The SpongeBob Movie is essentially a kid-friendly stoner comedy, but also one that's clever and inspired enough to keep SpongeBob fans entertained.
0.75 Sometimes, certain kids' movies are so flat-out weird that they eventually become cult classics for viewers who take pleasure in not being able to quite believe what they're seeing.
0.6 Fun, goofy SpongeBob movie is as trippy as the show.
0.75 Not the most gripping narrative, but the frenetic pace and nonstop gags will please young fans.
0.5 Though some parents and older non-parents are into Sponge Bob the concept is really aimed at little ones. A 90-minute film is painful for them - and us - to squirm through.
0.625 "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" remains true to the surrealism of its animated television roots. But it also tries to force a live-action element which isn't as comfortable a fit as a certain pair of symmetrical trousers.
0.625 A funny sequel too slow to get to what the entire audience wants and has been promised.
0.75 Even childless (and sober) I still had a pretty good time, and if you like silliness with a sprinkling of surrealism, you will too.
0.625 The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water mostly nails what has always made the character, and his brightly coloured underwater world, so endearing: the abundant innocence, the welcome lack of cynicism and the out-and-out stupidity.
0.7 For my part, it's the most laughs I've had at a theatre this year.
0.6 The bulk of Sponge Out of Water stays submerged, hand-drawn and Banderas-free, still delivering the coy wit, surrealism and absurdity that come hand-in-hand with SpongeBob's frivolous, childish whimsy.
0.625 A goofy gag-filled surf-and-turf romp that will entertain adults with its ridiculous lunacy as it delights kids with colourful fun.
0.7 clearly enjoys the times when it can push the boundaries of its 15 year old idea and bring a new perspective to the participants and their problems
0.5 There's something about this project that, despite checking all of the requisite plot and sensibility boxes, doesn't convey as an organic work of SpongeBob-ishness.
0.5 Even kids will smell something phony about the repeated cheers of "Teamwork!" And any grown-up who thinks the obvious puns are somehow clever or subversive has been smoking seaweed.
0.625 You can tell the script is short on punch lines by how often it resorts to poop and fart jokes, the last refuge of the desperate gag writer.
0.375 [The film] runs a reasonable-sounding 92 minutes. Yet those 92 feel like more than enough.
0.625 The film strives to be weird as often as funny. But it's such a good-natured kind of weird that the viewer can't help but succumb to this barrage of 'nautical nonsense.'
0.0 Children may be delighted, and perhaps also addled.
0.75 "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" weaves a silly - and often funny - spell. It's a scrappy little B-movie that zips along rather entertainingly.
0.8 The spirit of the series remains true: cheerfully random jokes, blink-and-you'll-miss-them references and, above all, a silly, stubbornly sentimental streak that only the crabbiest cynic could dismiss.
0.5 While the outcome is intermittently funny, it's also watered-down and hyperactive.
0.6 It's amiable goofiness, delivered at an emphatic, feverish pitch.
0.7 The plot is straightforward, predictable and slight, no more intricate a plot than a 15-minute TV episode would have. It's the freewheeling madness of its execution that makes the movie such a trip - as in acid trip.
0.2 Nothing new or exciting for Spongebob fans. It's even more painful if you're not a fan.
0.75 This megadose of Spongeyness is laugh-out-loud funny. A lot.
0.625 Ultimately, for the show's fans, it may not matter if "Sponge Out of Water" shows a hint of mildew.
0.6 ['SpongeBob'] really is the 'Three Stooges' of the modern day (albeit less violent and with more good vibes), where the jokes don't have to be great (and especially don't have to be sophisticated) but just have to keep coming.
0.625 Not remotely original, but loopy and small-fry friendly.
0.625 Its dedication to the transgressive power of frivolity remains the franchise's greatest weapon.
0.8 It may not be be the smartest animated flick out there, but with all the wildly weird happenings, and impressive 3D effects being flung out at you, it is absolutely entertaining. Simply put, SpongeBob rocks!
0.5 Eight-year-old me probably would have found SpongeBob's antics vastly more entertaining, but alas, I now need my seagull poop jokes coupled with something more substantial.
0.6 This is primarily an exercise in hyperactivity meant to spark glee in kids and draw chuckles from adults. The effect is admittedly ephemeral, yet while the film is running it is altogether effective.
1.0 Inventive, prophetic black comedy; lots of violence, mayhem.
1.0 Brazil is this unique amalgamation of ideas straight out of Terry Gilliam's head that results in something so strange and so unique that it's just genius with a conclusion that is undeniably haunting.
0.9 An energetically quirky social metaphor, political commentary and action/sci-fi farce all balled up into one outrageously enjoyable experience, provided you like the work of Terry Gilliam.
1.0 Gilliam crams the screen with such a proliferation of bizarre and comic details that you'll want to revisit this particular nightmare again and again.
0.75 Brazil is a stinging, Strangelovian satire of the power of the bureaucracy in an Orwellian landscape.
1.0 Brazil serves up one of the most breathtakingly imaginative worlds ever to be put on screen.
0.875 Brazil -- a black comedy that remains ahead of its time -- is one of the most audacious fantasies ever made.
0.85 Gilliam's Orwellian vision is memorable and distinctive
1.0 Brilliant all around; Gilliam at his peak
0.8 Celebrates imagination as the only escape from a bleak, ridiculous, and troubled world.
1.0 It has visual style and imagination to burn, but it's the ideas behind it that make it a modern classic..
1.0 An intelligent, thought provoking, visually stunning film.
1.0 Dense, complex, nightmarish, thought-provoking and ultimately shattering.
1.0 An imaginitive and haunting post-Orwellian reimagining of 1984.
0.8 A superb example of the power of comedy to underscore serious ideas, even solemn ones.
1.0 The most original movie of the past thirty years; a triumph not only of brilliant filmmaking, but of the director's desire to stay true to his vision.
0.9 This film is considered Terry Gilliam's masterwork. I am inclined to agree.
1.0 One of the greatest films of the century.
0.5 Very hard to follow.
0.79 Brazil succeeds in painting an entertaining and chaotic picture of a nasty world where none of us would want to live.
1.0 Not in everybody's taste, but why risk missing one of the most brilliant science fiction movies ever made?
0.625 Although the good outweighs the bad, the film is, nevertheless, one big muddle.
1.0 Contains some of the most clever lines ever.
1.0 A Hard Day's Night is a chance to experience to the joyous, early days of pop - while at the same time noting how the pressures of re-energising national life were beginning to close in on the enchanting innocence of youth.
0.7 The Beatles might break into song at any moment or they might run around a park goofing around while their songs are playing, but these moments truly work and they clearly helped to lay the groundwork for MTV Videos and musicals to come.
1.0 an art film and an exploitation film, a comedy and a musical, a celebration of the Beatles and a satire of their fame and fortune
1.0 Critic Andrew Sarris wasn't just playing the fanboy when he described this movie as 'The Citizen Kane of jukebox musicals.' He just might have been selling it short.
1.0 The movie never feels like a nostalgia trip. It moves, breathes and sings with life.
0.8 As invigorating and funny now as it was on its original release half a century ago, A Hard Day's Night offers both a perfect showcase for the Beatles and an intriguing snapshot of fast-changing, early-1960s British society.
0.8 It's pure joy as I Should Have Known Better, And I Love Her and Tell Me Why pour out over footage of thousands of screaming, weeping schoolgirls with bouffant hair and miniskirts pursuing John, Paul, George and Ringo.
1.0 Pure, delirious, irresistible joy.
0.8 Part musical bonanza, part laugh-out-loud farce, part satirical social document.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon.
1.0 At a time when Elvis and Cliff were still making old-style musicals, this forerunner of the modern music video smashed the mould.
1.0 An anarchic, ground-breaking breath of fresh air that weaves a fictional romp around a chaotic day in the life of the Fab Four as they try to make it to their big show.
0.8 A Hard Day's Night looks chaotic and slapdash enough (and just occasionally, for me, depressing enough) to count as an experimentalist or underground movie.
0.8 The simple joys of mucking about are captured in this madcap concert tour farce with the Beatles.
0.8 Richard Lester was the man born to direct this kinetic, kaleidoscopic comedy-with-songs, starring a quartet still fresh from the first gusts of chart-topping fame.
1.0 Comes bouncing at you from every angle, rubbery and untameable with the joys of teenagehood.
1.0 Rejected the status quo with an irreverent, quick-cutting documentary style that could fairly be described as mod, rocking and mocking.
0.8 Of its time, sure, but eternally entertaining.
1.0 Make a date to catch this on the big screen and be rewarded with pure magic.
1.0 Even when the band plays away from private eyes or songs simply play over disconnected footage of them having fun, the strength of their songcraft is stirring.
1.0 Beatles classic as fabulous as the Fab Four.
1.0 The best British film of the 1960s.
1.0 Director Richard Lester and writer Alun Owen (who has never gotten the credit he deserves) treat us to a fanciful day in the life of the Beatles, filmed in 1964 at (they thought) the peak of the Fab Four's popularity.
1.0 See it for no other reason than the fact that it's all too rare you can spend 87 minutes smiling and feeling positive about life.
1.0 That Lester and the Beatles got away with the irreverent and superb Hard Day's Night is, by today's standards, a miracle.
1.0 The cinema has had many landmarks, but few have been as entertaining.
0.8 It's a fine conglomeration of madcap clowning in the old Marx Brothers' style, and it is done with such a dazzling use of camera that it tickles the intellect and electrifies the nerves.
1.0 Everything about this movie is a smile.
0.92 The result still seems fresh and different decades later.
0.875 Captures the Beatles when they still looked like they were having fun, back before drugs and psychedelia and Yoko Ono took effect.
0.75 A breezy slice of silliness that pretty much has the Beatles playing themselves.
1.0 A love letter to innocence and euphoria and the sheer lifting joy of great pop music.
0.8 It's hard to estimate the effect the film had on the future of movies, television, and society in general.
0.9 The deadpan humor and non-sequiturs are delivered with such dry perfection you often find yourself rewinding to see if you really heard what you think you did. (And you did.)
1.0 A time capsule preserving the Fab Four's charisma, joy, and youthful exuberance.
0.7 Beatles fans will get a kick out of this, but those who don't worship at the Beatle shrine may be a bit flustered by its complete lack of a plot and incomprehensible accents.
1.0 One of the most influential films of the past 40 years gets the spit and polish for a reissue -- and it still hasn't aged at all.
0.8 Richard Lester's innovative film, the Beatles' debut feature, is a timewarp memento of that brief 1963-4 phase in their history known as Beatlemania.
1.0 Great band, great music, great film. Not only that, it remains a fascinating portrait of Britain on the cusp of change.
1.0 This delightful cinematic masterpiece answers the question "Do we still love them?" with a resounding "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!"
0.8 A Hard Day's Night remains a highly lovable movie.
1.0 Younger fans can see what Beatlemania was really all about.
0.9 Don't even try to keep a smile off of your face and a song out of your heart while watching the film. It's just not possible.
1.0 One of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies.
1.0 The documentary style of this movie masks its tight construction, clever script, and sublime anarchy second only to the Marx brothers.
0.9 Captured forever here in a filmic bottle is pop-culture lightning, not only Beatles magic and energy but the spirit of the early 60s that sustained it.
1.0 The rock and roll movie against which all others are measured.
0.9 Director Richard Lester's pop masterpiece is back and better than ever.
0.625 A vanity project, sure. But Hart is one painfully funny little dude.
0.5 Hart is the comic equivalent of a journeyman musician with a lot of clever licks and one good trick. Once you've seen it, you have little appetite for more.
0.6 Compact comic Kevin Hart completed a wildly successful 90-city tour this year and he's got the movie to prove it.
0.4 The problem with paying big-screen prices for a stand-up special is that you really have to like the comic to feel you're getting your money's worth.
0.75 Thankfully, Kevin Hart's Laugh at My Pain lives up to only half of its title: it is certainly all about the laughs.
0.7 A couple of adornments - one before the concert footage, one after - flesh out this funny, profanity-heavy movie nicely.
0.5 Brace yourself to laugh as much at the irreverent funnyman's profane language as at his pain!
0.6 anatomises a moment in time when smalltown idiocy suffers the most surreally awful repercussions of cause and effect.
0.8 Enjoyable, smartly directed comedy thriller with a clever script and engaging performances from its ensemble cast.
0.6 Fast and fairly engaging ... but in the end it feels a bit pointless.
0.6 can be viewed more like an exercise in style than film in its own right
0.8 a classic a shaggy dog story [that keeps] things moving with an effervescent sleight of hand.
0.75 An inventive, black comedy.
0.75 ...gimmicky but ultimately enjoyable...
0.8 Appealingly silly romp for kids and adults.
0.75 A modern-day comedy in the grand tradition of the best screwball comedies of the late 1930s and early 40s.
0.6 Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy.
0.7 A delightful annoying-person comedy made even more amusing by the fact that Murray and Dreyfuss couldn't stand one another in real life.
0.6 Dreyfuss e Murray estabelecem uma boa dinamica nesta comedia irregular, mas agradavel.
0.8 Quirky, wild comedy doings with Bill Murray over the top.
0.8 Boomers being really charming and funny.
0.6 Pleasant comedy with droll Murray
0.8 Except for the last half hour, one of the best comedies of the 90's.
0.5 Somehow, Mr. Dreyfuss maintains his sound comic timing even when Frank Oz's antic direction calls for hand-waving hysteria.
0.4 Annoying movie that wastes a talented cast.
0.8 Billy Murray gives an inspired performance. This is a comedy that often makes you simultaneously laugh and wince.
0.8 One of the most snicker-worthy movies ever made. Great, great fun for the demented.
0.2 If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance.
0.6 This is an amiable comedy if there ever was one. That's no criticism: if all innocuous comedies were as satisfying as What About Bob? you wouldn't always feels the need for some subversive humor.
0.75 There's no question that the engaging performances of Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss manage to breathe a great deal of life into the proceedings, and before it starts to run out of steam toward the end, the film provides an awful lot of laughs.
0.8 a big heap of fun
0.625 Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people. [Blu-ray]
0.8 A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
0.6 Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
0.625 The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
0.4 By the book buddy-buddy movie. This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
0.625 ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
0.4 How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
0.6 Chris Tucker is the man.
0.4 A disappointment.
0.7 By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not provide anything inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
0.6 Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not so heavily based on other successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
0.8 A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
0.75 Terrific entertainment.
0.75 Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
0.8 A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
0.6 Chan is as sweet and charming as ever. Tucker makes an excellent foil. And things blow up.
0.625 Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago. Let's hope not.
0.8 Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
0.8 Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film. Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
0.5 As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
0.4 The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that many people stayed in the theater long enough to laugh.
0.5 Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
0.65 Chan is amazing to watch.
0.5 ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
0.5 Doesn't feature nearly enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
0.4 While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his myriad talents.
0.5 If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
0.4 It's all pretty bland.
0.625 The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
0.8 [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties. Let's hope so.
0.75 Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
0.75 Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
0.75 You won't be disappointed.
0.7 Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
0.75 Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker make an entertaining team!
0.7 A kick-happy buddy film!
0.7 This is a very open-faced and easy to watch film, which would make it fun whilst glancing up at the tube now and again in the middle of doing something else.
0.75 What's surprising is that though this should be crap, and perhaps it is, it doesn't come off that way. The reason is because of Chan and Tucker.
0.625 While it is cartoonish, it also is fun, and that is due mostly to Chan.
0.7 Surprisingly enough, the trailer's funny--and the movie's even funnier.
0.7 Rush Hour is a lot of fun!
0.7 Funny movie chopped full of action, lacks an original concept and plot line, but comes through with hilarious banter from Tucker and fun fight scenes with Chan.
0.75 If one of the cinema's most unique talents has decided to make another go of it in Hollywood, Rush Hour isn't a bad start.
0.0 That even the kids in the audience didn't really laugh at all the hyperactive mugging and slapsticky animal nonsense pretty much tells you what an excruciating 91-minute endurance test this is.
0.1 Here is a film that doesn't just scrape the bottom of the barrel, it demands that you lick it.
0.4 Almost as much of a relief as making it through to the end is realising earlier on that none of the creatures will be talking for the duration of the picture. This reduces the annoyance factor considerably for anyone over the age of nine.
0.3 Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker.
0.3 Oh, the horror! It's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker.
0.2 Fraser merece creditos pelo esforco e por nao temer o ridiculo. Por outro lado, isto nao e desculpa para a atrocidade representada por este filme racista, mal dirigido e sem a menor graca.
0.2 People often ask reviewers to choose the worst film of the year so far. At last I have a cast-iron candidate.
0.25 Furry a bit mangy.
0.2 A feeble family comedy that really tests your patience.
0.2 Even by the low standards of live action funny animal movies, Furry Vengeance is a pretty bad film, the sort of low gag rate family flick that aims for generic suitable-for-all fun and satisfies no-one in the process.
0.3 There is an environmental message delivered along with the goofy mayhem involved in catching the fuzzy culprits. But fair warning: once inside the theater, the audience is trapped.
0.2 Shields is not a natural comic performer, to say the least. Her face has the comic mobility and expressiveness of an Easter Island statue.
0.2 The best thing you can say about Furry Vengeance is that it's kid friendly -- provided, that is, the kids are under five and a touch slow.
0.6 Sophisticated it isn't, but there are some decent visual gags and Fraser is good fun as the man at war with nature.
0.4 Fraser's lantern-jawed mugging becomes irritating all too soon, although younger viewers may get a kick out of the ingenious antics of skunks, raccoons and grizzly bears as they get the better of numbskull humans.
0.0 Not a good time. Seriously, really not a good time.
0.6 Goofball fun that will have kids -- big and small -- rolling in the aisles
0.6 Not a film where viewers will learn an awful lot, this is aimed fair and square at entertaining children and perhaps their parents' inner children. In this aim, it succeeds.
0.4 Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff? It should play well enough with the under tens, mind.
0.25 If you only take your children to see movies like Up ... they'll think every film is going to be fantastic. That's not very good training for the disappointments of life, so Furry Vengeance does have one purpose.
0.4 Overall, it's all a bit rubbish, but if you like Brendan Fraser's big rubbery face then there's chuckles to be had.
0.2 When you throw furry animals, silly slapstick and rubber-faced big-name stars at the screen, and you can still hear more children crying than laughing in the audience, you can't help but feel that they've missed the point somewhat.
0.0 an experience in collective embarrassment %u2014 embarrassment for yourself, your fellow audience and the actors onscreen forced to take part in the movie's wildly inept, bottom-of-the-barrel shenanigans.
0.1 Mind-rottingly reprehensible and vile -- not to mention stupefyingly unfunny and embarrassing.
0.4 Disappointing comedy that's let down by a lazy script, some truly dreadful CGI effects and a lack of decent laughs, though undemanding young children will probably enjoy it.
0.3 It's Mother Nature against the Pillsbury Dough Boy!
0.2 The movie is both slack and dumb -- a trying combo -- and it's heavily burdened with a big green message.
0.4 Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters.
0.3125 Kids will probably enjoy the scenes with the animals getting the best of the humans, and they will all absorb the message that nature needs to be protected, All the bad acting and boring moments in the script will be overlooked.
0.0 There is nothing remotely entertaining, endearing or enjoyable about 'Furry Vengeance,' a ghastly movie that has to be one of the year's worst.
0.2 So few films are totally aimed at kids, and tearing this one to shreds is not pleasurable.
0.2 It is not, repeat NOT, for anyone whose age is approaching double-digits
0.1 The end credits cast sing-along to a cover of 'Insane in the Brain' completes the litany of idiotic filmmaking choices that made the whole thing so unwatchable to begin with.
0.2 Witless and wince-inducing -- a slapstick misfire of epic proportions, even by downwardly adjusted expectations of movies in which anthropomorphized animals do battle with humans.
0.4 Brendan Fraser: Human being or cartoon character?
0.0 Furry Vengeance is billed as a comedy, but I doubt it'll make you laugh. It might, however, cause you to weep for Brendan Fraser.
0.25 The paradox here is that the message of respect for animal life is outweighed by the lack of respect for human beings.
0.2 Furry Vengeance is unbearable. (Actually, the bear's performance is pretty good.)
0.2 Furry Vengeance would be innocuous enough if only it didn't look as though no effort was made to expand the images past the storyboard phase.
0.2 Simply dire.
0.2 ... unfunny trash ...
0.2 Timber! This eco-themed family film falls flat.
0.1 Furry Vengeance is one of the worst films I have ever seen.
0.25 Even the obligatory blooper reel that runs during the closing credits is painful in its desperation to generate laughs.
0.25 Imagine Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds as a children's comedy, and you have a rough idea of the excruciatingly unfunny Furry Vengeance, which keeps slamming the audience over the head with a single joke.
0.5 Kids will lose their minds at the sight of Fraser in a skin-tight pink tracksuit with the words "Yum Yum" on his sizeable backside. Parents will sigh and eat popcorn.
0.4 Even calling it a family flick is to run the risk of guiding families toward it by mistake.
0.75 The plot of Furry Vengeance is identical to that of the animated Over the Hedge, but what Furry lacks in originality it makes up for in cleverness.
0.375 How embedded has Earth Day become in our culture? It now gets its own inane Hollywood movie to mark the occasion.
0.65 Not since Antichrist has a man suffered so greatly at the tiny, grabby hands of God's creatures. Nature is not our friend, kids, and it's not to be disrespected or underestimated.
0.4 The whole movie feels extrapolated from the five-second clip of a scheming chipmunk on YouTube, bulked out with shots of Fraser being thwacked with some generic crunch noise and falling backwards with his feet in the air.
0.125 Brought to you by Participant Media, makers of Food, Inc. and The Cove. Next time, guys, give a hoot and don't pollute the multiplex. Save the children. [Blu-ray]
0.1 ...it seems the animals have already taken their revenge on any humans unfortunate enough to see this film.
0.0 So obnoxious, so inept, so vile, so distasteful, and so unfunny it should successfully act as repellent for all viewers outside of humanoid sewer dwellers who have never seen a movie before and may be attracted to the sight of moving images.
0.5 It's silly stuff, riddled with the predictable bodily function humor and humiliation of adults that kids seem to love.
0.25 Fraser has never been more "doofus-y" than in this moronic humiliation comedy, which actually gets dumber as it goes.
0.125 In its cretinous fashion, Furry Vengeance is almost impressive. Here's a pro-nature, anti-development family comedy that appears to be made by and for people who never leave the mall.
0.3 dumb as dirt
0.375 Even before Brendan Fraser is blasted in the puss with skunk spray, 'Furry Vengeance' stinks
0.2 Previously known as 'Horribly Embarrassing Brendan Fraser Project.'
0.2 A stupid, mean-spirited little movie that ranks down there with the worst in recent memory. Distant memory, too.
0.125 Snicker all you want at the unfortunate title of director Roger Kumble's horrible family film, for that's the only thing funny about it.
0.375 Director Roger Kumble began his big-screen career with a clever Dangerous Liaisons set in high school, Cruel Intentions, and worked his way down to College Road Trip and now this.
0.2 "Who do I have to screw to get out of this movie?" Anna Nicole yells at one key point, and we know exactly how she feels.
0.5 Familiar, soapy script.
0.8 Wise, beautifully acted and well-observed.
0.2 Idiota a ponto de levar o espectador a desejar sofrimento eterno a todos os envolvidos no projeto.
0.6 Wet-your-pants-funny, better than "Scary Movie 2"
0.0 Imagine the lamest joke you've ever heard and then stretch it out to around an hour and fifteen minutes...
0.6 Bud and Lou meet another monster for infrequent laughs.
0.6 Passable Abbott and Costello entry with plus of Karloff.
0.8 You pretty much have to like Will Ferrell to like Talladega Nights, it's his film through and through. But if you do, you're in for a ride.
0.75 Talladega starts out slow, picks up speed in the middle, and nearly crashes and burns in the end.
0.6 The script by Ferrell and director Adam McKay, a parody of sports biopics, takes the same freewheeling approach that served them well on Anchorman, but with a more mean-spirited edge.
0.8 Showcases Will Ferrell's comedy genius to perfection.
0.6 i concur with everything bobby has to say about highlander
0.875 Will Ferrell and director/writing collaborator Adam McKay have carved out a comfortable comic niche in taking confidently clueless oafs and pulling the rug out from under the core of resolutely prototypical alpha male existence.
0.5 Check your brain at the box-office to enjoy this brand of politically-incorrect hilarity poking fun mostly at gays, women and the French, all aimed at a redneck crowd with an average I.Q. of about 75.
0.75 In Talladega, Mr. Ferrell finds his best role to date.
0.25 Riddled with blatant product placement. Blades of Glory is better. Ferrell can't save this one. Sacha adds little.
0.75 The white-trash, child-neglect, feel-good NASCAR comedy of the year (the one without the talking cars).
0.6 Ferrell e seus parceiros se mostram sempre dispostos a estender uma cena ate que ela eventualmente se torne engracada %u2013 e, por incrivel que pareca, esta tatica funciona com frequencia.
0.875 A film that will keep you laughing from beginning to end (including the credits), "Talladega Nights" is the most fun you can have this summer at 200 miles per hour!
0.75 ...It's hard not to be amused by the scene-stealing supporting cast.
0.8 Anchorman director Adam McKay has assembled a terrific cast and his hilarious script (co-written with Ferrell) ensures that each of the characters has their own funny moment.
0.4 Some of the jokes here are funny. Most are not, while the characters are simply too silly to make us give two hoots about them. Worse, the movie collapses under the weight of a ton of syrup in the second half.
0.6 Probably best viewed with a six-pack on hand.
0.8 Much like its star, Talladega Nights is erratic, infuriating and very, very funny.
0.4 On the Ferrellometer, Talladega Nights sits just above Kicking & Screaming, when it should be redlining it up there with Anchorman.
0.4 There are laughs to be had within Talladega Nights but they're certainly not worth the money a trip to the cinema will surely cost.
0.5 The film plays like an episode of Saturday Night Live, with the same character tying together various sketches poking fun at Southerners, psychosomatic diseases, NASCAR fans, people who pray, product placement, the French, and sports movies.
0.7 One of the most interesting concepts in American movies this year: The French Nascar driver who is just a compilation of American stereotypes of "Frenchness."
0.8 As ballads tend to be, this one was at times, slow and annoying, but it is worth the watch.
0.625 Whilst many times it goes for the obvious and is often inconsistent, moments of inspired genius often yield hilarity
0.75 While the movie does veer somewhat close to sentimentality a few times, it always manages to steer away from it at the last moment.
0.875 Most comedies these days try too hard to be funny. Talladega Nights simply tries to be funny without being obvious.
0.5 . . . it does have a few inspired comedic moments, but to get to those gems, you have to sit through an awful lot of flat, failed comedy set-ups.
0.625 Gets good mileage out of its jokes, and has a sturdier frame than previous models
0.4 Well, if you liked Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, you'll probably love Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. I did not like Anchorman.
0.625 There's the lovable, semi-literate stupidity of Will Ferrell's 'Anchorman' ... and then there's just plain stupid.
0.875 ... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences, this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment.
0.75 Don't even get me started on the Highlander quips.
0.4 The existence of movies like Talladega Nights is, I believe, the reason that intelligent life from other planets seem to prefer not visiting here.
0.4 Just like NASCAR ... dumb as a post ...
0.75 The movie's second half gives Ferrell what he scarcely had at the beginning: funny performers playing off him.
0.6 Silly, squealing spoof of dopey daredevils who clearly have a few lug nuts loose.
0.625 Will Ferrell's subversive middle finger at NASCAR is tall and occasionally hilarious, but only intermittently smarter than what that gesture implies.
0.625 A Will Ferrell vehicle customized with some potentially provocative red states satire and a message that so-called cutting and running may be smarter than winning at any cost.
0.375 Ferrell drives his semi-improvised routines into the ground, while Cohen's turn as a flaming gay driver from France is a total wreck.
0.875 The first movie this summer (heck, this year) to call itself a comedy and remember to deliver enormous laughs.
0.5 Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film, and Talladega delivers on that score&mdash;he's semi-naked and he thinks he's on fire.
0.8 It's the cinematic equivalent of a muscle car reconstructed exclusively from salvage parts that not only runs but wins street races.
0.75 Ferrell commits to each and every one of his characters, no matter how silly they may be, and the result is pure comedy gold.
0.875 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby finds Will Ferrell in top form and in the right big-screen vehicle, delivering one of the funniest movies of the year.
0.6 Imagine attending a NASCAR race with the funniest, wildest person you know. Sure, you might get hot and a little overwhelmed, but you'd laugh a lot and would never regret the experience.
0.7 If you want your wild and crazy Will Ferrell, look for him elsewhere. But if you just want a few laughs from a movie that you know everyone's going to enjoy, Ricky Bobby's definitely your man.
0.75 No wonder Will Ferrell has people racing out to see his movies.
0.875 A celebration of the dysfunction of being an American--of the possibility of being simultaneously proud and mortified of ourselves.
0.0 It's physically painful to have to sit in a theater for more than 90 minutes and be continually assaulted by such drivel as Ferrell puts on the screen.
0.625 Talladega Nights is a tighter, more structured film than Anchorman, which is probably both to its advantage and determent.
0.8 Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other!
0.75 Ferrell and McKay crafted their screenplay like a collection of one-liners from outer space; bizarre asides, comments and insults get us to laugh with their suddenness as well as their uniqueness.
0.7 More fun than it should be.
0.75 The perfect tonic to this summer's bloated, special effects-driven extravaganzas, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby crosses the finish line with flying colors.
0.5 ...there's simply no getting around the pervading feeling of mediocrity that's been hard-wired into the proceedings.
0.6 Talladega is sort of an Anchorman Lite... It's still funny, but not as often.
0.875 Ferrell is at his dimbulb best, but still allows enough breathing room for a cast of comedic artists to get at least one major laugh for themselves.
0.8 This Will Ferrell vehicle ... is essentially chucking javelins at good ol' American redneckery.
0.7 This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer, where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh.
0.625 By so often falling back on Ferrell's no-holds-barred foolishness, Talladega Nights seems to be driving in circles.
0.625 a funny movie, but doesn't quite live up to its potential.
0.5 One of those movies that features end-credit outtakes that are much funnier than the film that preceded them, this endearing but messy assortment of gags just doesn't merit a full-price ticket.
0.625 This is a movie that will do anything for a laugh, but rarely feels desperate for it.
0.375 Crashes and burns as it tries to garner laughs out of poorly edited and decidedly threadbare material.
0.85 Pray to Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey that Ferrell keeps making silly movies like this.
0.75 The film's consistent ticklishness frequently breaks out into uproarious set pieces.
0.4 This isn't a movie, it's an infomercial, and one with an honest-to-god Applebee's commercial that airs during the movie itself.
0.6 A perfectly entertaining collection of jokes.
0.625 Excuse the viewers if they fall asleep at the wheel.
0.7 Lots and lots of bargain basement humor, mostly coming at the expense of NASCAR, their fans, the South, and the easiest (and lamest) target in the world: The French.
0.75 The actors each do their part to rev up the silly fun, whether it's Reilly's goofy 'shake and bake' slogan, Cohen's absurd French accent or Ferrell's graceless physicality
0.875 Ferrell has the doughy indolence of the dimwits he often plays, but you can see in his eyes that he's always looking for the joke.
0.7 Will Ferrell as a NASCAR driver? You just don't get any funnier than that.
0.75 Though the movie about a moronic NASCAR racer overall is uneven and Ricky Bobby's saga lacks focus, the stupid-comical banter and the lampooning of this particular brand of car racing proves entertaining.
0.75 Gentlemen and ladies, start your engines -- really. Will Ferrell's NASCAR comedy is worth getting revved up over, though non-Ferrell fans will be unimpressed no matter how many times he strips to his skivvies.
0.5 Ferrell and his writing partner Adam McKay (who also directs, as he did Anchorman) are utterly without shame in their eagerness to recycle old ideas. This pair could make a blue box jealous.
0.75 You know those comedies where all the good parts are in the trailer? Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby isn't one of them.
0.8 A smoothly, bizarrely entertaining comedy that mixes your traditional underdog farce with Ferrell's unique sense of ... strangeness.
0.625 The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest.
0.75 Talladega Nights is very funny at times, even if the Ballad part mostly boils down to a series of comedy sketches connected by a recurring character.
0.75 The picture gets a bit long near the finish. But comedies live and die on the basis of their laugh quotient, and Talladega Nights gets its share.
0.75 Somewhere between a warm buddy's embrace of earthy turf and a sneering grin at the slob underbelly of America, the comedy has traction. It's like the crop from a seed that Burt Reynolds lobbed into a spittoon, years ago.
0.625 The laughs come and go, but Ferrell makes NASCAR his bitch funny. Funnier. And more fun. And then the fun skids to a stop.
0.8 f you've been waiting for a summer comedy that's generally worth your popcorn, then filmgoers, start your engines.
0.4 [Director] McKay has made another wildly uneven, PG-13-that-could-be-R comedy that veers from explosively funny, overlong improvs (a Southern-fried dinner prayer to 'Dear Baby Jesus') to black holes from which no laugh can escape.
0.75 Ferrell reteams with director Adam McKay (Anchorman) for another gleefully trashy comedy.
0.75 Whoo, mama: Will Ferrell and NASCAR do make a purty pair. They go together like peanut butter and fried bananas in Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.75 Like a 30-car pileup on the high banks at Daytona, you can't take your eyes off this mess, and it is a rambunctious entertainment.
0.75 It's a briskly paced, reliably funny and surprisingly sweet portrait of a colorful subculture, and its improvisational impulses strain against the hood of a sturdily designed storyline.
0.625 'What does diablo mean?' 'It's like Spanish for fighting chicken.' If you cracked so much as a shell of a smile reading that, then run, don't walk, to see Talladega Nights, where you will get an entire year's worth of equally irresistible nonsense.
0.75 NASCAR comedy finds the sweet spot between cartoonish silliness and racing culture send-up. Some good crashes, too.
0.5 Talladega is full of fun moments and funny performances that are more engaging as bits than as a cohesive narrative.
0.625 If you can delight in the delight of others, you just may delight in this. Otherwise, prepare to be awfully jealous, because it's the sort of picture where the actors are having a lot more fun than the audience.
0.5 It is missing parts, has screws loose, repeatedly threatens to run out of gas and even crashes-and-burns in a few brutal scenes.
0.875 Talladega is the first comedy this year to make me laugh so hard I snorted.
0.5 NASCAR fans will likely love Talladega Nights, which may be a glowing endorsement or a warning sign, depending on the viewer.
0.625 This mildly crude yet oddly tame tale about a NASCAR hotshot who burns rubber to the top of the pole before having a speedway blowout runs on underinflated tires.
0.875 Like Little Miss Sunshine, Ricky Bobby is impeccably cast and performed, from the starring roles to small parts.
0.5 'Mediocre' is an apt description for any of Will Ferrell's sloppy, casually funny comedies, especially Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
0.4 Talladega Nights spins out early and never recovers.
0.75 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the sort of cheerfully asinine comedy that twists your arm until you submit. So, to Will Ferrell -- clown, freak, bully -- I scream, 'Uncle!'
0.6 Whether the engine on Talladega Nights is humming or sputtering, Ferrell stays gamely behind the wheel.
0.8 As a cultural artifact, Talladega Nights is both completely phony and, therefore, utterly authentic. Or, to put it differently: this movie is the real thing.
0.875 Talladega Nights is the rare comedy that manages to be funny and witty.
0.5 We're left ho-humming our way through one obligatory scene after another and wincing through a sting of failed gags until the next bit comes along that tickles our funny bone.
0.75 The absurdly funny Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is at once a glorious send-up of NASCAR culture and a goofy celebration of the redneck, red state, red-blooded American culture that spawned it.
0.625 A whole bunch of great racing footage would've ratcheted up Nights a notch or two -- see Cars for inspiration -- but even the track scenes are ... well, pedestrian.
0.75 While the film spins out from time to time in subplots highlighting the world-class supporting cast, it has enough momentum to finish in the winner's circle.
0.7 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a bit of a mess, but it is a genial mess, and one that will make you laugh. Which is the whole idea.
0.5 Now and then, the movie allows you to relax into its brand of stupid-smart comedy. The rest of the time your shoulders scrunch up and ask the eternal question: Why is this routine not quite working?
0.6 It's charming and often funny, but it also drags badly and never makes much of its characters.
0.7 ...if you got a kick out of Ferrell's moronic anchorman character in Anchorman, you'll get a decent amount of guffaws out of this companion piece as well...
0.9 You won't have seen anything this funny in a theater since... well, maybe since Anchorman.
0.6 Farrell, as he did in ELF, brings that absolute conviction to absolute cluelessness and when the script supports him, it's magic
0.6 The movie looks really good, especially the NASCAR racing action, but it never quite fulfills the promise of Anchorman.
0.2 Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy.
0.875 While not quite as focused and inspired as Anchorman, it still made me laugh as hard and often as any movie in recent memory.
0.625 Rambunctious and synthetic, Talladega Nights boasts its fair share of inspired Ferrell riffs, even if, as a satire of the NASCAR subculture, it mostly runs on fumes.
0.8 The cast is great, and when they're in the midst of one of those manic improvisational furies that made Anchorman so funny, The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a riot.
0.375 Fans may enjoy their Idol songs and parents may appreciate its wholesomeness, but there's little else to recommend in this throwback to the '60s Beach Blanket movies.
0.25 What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money.
0.4 Idol film expands 15 minutes of fame.
0.2 The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me.
0.0 Watching them lock lips feels like incest propaganda: Justin and Kelly are offspring of the same publicity machinery, after all
0.3 From Justin to Kelly is bad, but Glitter is still worse because Glitter thinks it's a great movie.
0.0 From Justin to Kelly is just one of those films, a bottomless well of snark fodder that may come and go in theatres but will surely be spun innumerable times on DVD at parties in the years to come.
0.0 Moulin Rouge ... Chicago ... From Justin to Kelly ... two steps forward and then about 16 steps back for the film musical.
0.5 Fans of the television show may show up for this one, but given that an American Idol sequel has already ended its run, audiences are likely to find it stale.
0.4 It's more dumbfounding that so much time is wasted on a cast of unknowns, second-stringers granted solos long before Kelly or Justin take center stage. Why not support with other first-season alums?
0.5 Messages that read 'I O U A BRGR. U GAME?' ... propel the plot forward. Alas, all the scenes in which Prince hijacks the cell phones have been left on the cutting room floor.
0.25 It was produced by people who saw nothing in it but a few quick bucks, filled with songs that no one would want to hear again and starring two people who have no business at the center of any movie.
0.3 I don't think any young A-list duo could have triumphed over this production.
0.25 I hope they don't wait this long for Rubin's film.
0.6 A pleasant little boy-meets-girl musical.
0.2 Move over, Mariah Carrey, there's a new kid in town and she's got a movie that out-Glitters Glitter.
0.25 [From Justin to Kelly] is basically a more wholesome MTV Dance Party, the musical festivities interrupted every so often to search for a plot.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly may be right out of the Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello scrapbook, but that's not the movie they are making here.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful.
0.2 The entire movie is vaguely unsettling.
0.375 An 80-minute cavalcade of music-video-style numbers, strung together with little fits of dialogue for pretty, gym-toned performers who are given the names of characters.
0.25 Arguably the most insipid movie released so far this century.
0.25 From Justin to Kelly is 81 minutes of beach blanket bunkum, with the cast of cute kids bursting into song every now and then to cover up a romance that never ignites.
0.25 Despite all the constant discussion of raging hormones, hot babes and whipped-cream bikini contests, the movie is Disney-clean and curiously asexual.
0.2 Not many people really expected From Justin to Kelly to be any good. But was it too much to ask that it at least have a plot?
0.1 I realize this effort wasn't intended for the likes of me or most anyone over the age of early teendom. Yet, did it really have to be this bad and painful to witness?
0.0 Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting.
0.5 [Guarini] is a hopeless case. ... [But] acting lessons and a costume designer who can flatter her non-anorexic figure could turn Clarkson into a movie star.
0.625 Where are Frankie and Annette?
0.375 The would-be romantic comedy is a PG-rated musical that's as dull as dishwater.
0.375 This movie is a joke, and I know it as both critic and fan.
0.5 A sweet, innocuous musical romance, the cinema version of a carnival's cotton candy.
0.5 This too-many -generations-removed copy of Where the Boys Are (1960) is crammed with energetic but artless musical numbers that feature lip-synching multitudes and uninspired choreography.
0.2 Why assemble a movie that the majority of American Idol's audience would be embarrassed to go see?
0.125 The choreography is flat and lifeless; the pop songs are thoroughly disposable, mass-produced trash; and the lip-synching and sound mix have to be some of the worst ever for a big studio motion picture.
0.375 ...schmaltzy...sitting through the bubble gum banality of FJTK is enough to make poor Beach vets Frankie and Annette (and the rest of us for that matter) bury their delusional heads in the sand.
0.75 A gloriously cheesy movie, the guilty pleasure to beat this summer!
0.25 It's sad that after Moulin Rouge and Chicago worked so hard to resurrect the musical, From Justin to Kelly had to go and kill it all over again.
0.125 From Justin to Kelly has the potential to be almost cultishly kitschy if the songs were even remotely interesting, but they're just more of the same trite pop garbage we've come to expect from our American Idols.
0.0 Some people wait a lifetime for a turkey like this -- and for them,'From Justin to Kelly' will provide a holiday feast. ...a spectacularly wretched musical melodrama.
0.6 Lil Bow Wow in family friendly fantasy.
0.6 It's formulaic stuff but done with enough gusto to entertain.
0.1 There's no excuse to come within a hundred feet of a screen playing this monstrosity of a movie.
0.0 There's no joke about the wretchedness that is Like Mike--except the cruel one on anyone who gets suckered into watching this crap.
0.6 A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
0.5 ...Full of stereotypical characters, plot holes, and unconvincing dialogue delivered by a host of so-so actors...
0.6 Though it doesn't exactly offer any great shakes in terms of plot or character development, the film's entertaining enough to be watched by kids and adults alike.
0.4 This irritatingly feeble basketball movie for kids is co-produced by the NBA, for whom it is pretty candidly designed as a giant feature-length commercial.
0.3 [A] dire sports film.
0.3 Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike.
0.6 A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
0.75 Hey, any movie that has Crispin Glover running an orphanage is good for a laugh.
0.625 A cheery, crowd-pleasing sports fantasy built around a winning performance from a very young rap star.
0.5 However intoxicating young moviegoers might find Calvin's on-court success, what was needful onscreen was more of the simple humanity a story about orphans should not only have recognized but delivered.
0.75 Keep an eye on Lil Bow Wow, folks. If Like Mike is any indication, he's bound to score again.
0.5 It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow.
0.3 With its paint fights, motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment, it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches.
0.4 A featherweight kids' movie set against a heavily sponsored official NBA backdrop, John Schultz's Like Mike is superhero fantasy for sport-minded youngsters and the adults they watch TV with.
0.75 Seeing Lil Bow Wow go toe-to-toe (or, more accurately, face-to-kneecap) against the stars of the game is loads of fun.
0.5 The film is typical sappy fare with 'little life lessons' being learned all over the place. It isn't the film is bad -- I, as an adult, found it just too predictable for this day and age.
0.75 [A] heart-warming, family-friendly sports movie about a kid who literally ends up in the supercharged basketball sneakers that used to belong to NBA superstar Michael Jordan.
0.2 Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal.
0.375 The kiddie sports fantasy Like Mike double dribbles...Although it appears that Like Mike may be a rollicking good time in all its formulaic frenzy, the film has all the impact and subtlety of a charging foul call.
0.5 Kid-friendly.
0.5 Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net.
0.2 ...a low rate Annie featuring some kid who can't act, only echoes of Jordan, and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school.
0.5 Amiable enough, but far too cliched and steadfastly generic to be worth recommending.
0.75 It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid.
0.625 If you'd like a sweet and simple story where the final score is never in doubt, lace 'em up and head to the theater.
0.3 Regrettably, Like Mike is more reminiscent of Michael Jordan's short lived baseball career than his legendary basketball one.
0.2 I've seen some bad singer-turned actors, but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake.
0.625 Offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones.
0.5 Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle.
0.3 A harmless, if ultimately inane, fantasy-comedy vehicle for youngsta-rapper Lil' Bow Wow.
0.625 A squeaky-clean, warmhearted movie parents can send kids to without worries.
0.6 It should manage to work its own form of magic over young (and even some older) viewers enough times to earn a passing grade.
0.75 One of the summer's pleasant surprises.
0.75 An efficient, exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality, corny jokes and life lessons.
0.7 An agreeable summertime crowd-pleaser, especially if the crowd includes a lot of 5-to 15-year-olds who enjoy sports.
0.4 This isn't movie-making designed for a lot of scrutiny.
0.625 Both the slapstick and the schmaltz are workmanlike enough to keep the little ones' eyes wide and bright. Grown-ups should be prepared to have their nerves milked dry.
0.5 Essentially an unoriginal 'poor-lil'-orphan' story jazzed up with some crowd-pleasing hoops action and a string of cameo appearances by NBA stars such as Allen Iverson, Jason Kidd and Chris Webber.
0.75 Armed with a game supporting cast, from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy, Like Mike shoots and scores, doing its namesake proud.
0.5 Like Mike is a winner for kids, and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow, who can now add movies to the list of things he does well.
0.6 Like Mike is what feel-good family movies are meant to be. It aims its humour and pathos at children without excluding adults.
0.5 A ho-hum effort populated by a far more engaging cast than it deserves.
0.5 A movie that can't help but trip over its own wholesomeness.
0.5 An incredibly slight comedy that earns points because it's clean and has a good message. It's just not terribly funny.
0.75 Bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores.
0.75 The movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea, that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an NBA star.
0.75 In the long, dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation, Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency.
0.4 The pain of watching notable actors Robert Forster and Eugene Levy suffer the ridiculousness of starring opposite a teen rap sensation in an innocuous summer kiddie movie is at times unbearable and downright ugly.
0.25 What we really want to see is Like Mike 2, in which the shoes make Calvin get caught up in a gambling scandal, then ill-advisedly quit the NBA to become a mediocre pro baseball player.
0.75 Like Mike doesn't win any points for originality. It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style, and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism.
0.75 Unlike most movies for children, Like Mike was made with care.
0.75 A clean movie suitable for young children.
0.75 Like Mike is a harmlessly naive slice of b-ball fantasy, fit for filling in during the real NBA's off-season.
0.625 So accomplished is Like Mike as an article of league public relations that one is easily distracted from its schematic story line.
0.8 Any movie lucky enough to feature a single shot with Mr. Levy, Mr. Forster and Mr. Glover -- three actors with odd and unique timing -- deserves an audience.
0.8 A sure-fire heart-warmer: lively, funny yet emotion-charged and uplifting.
0.7 The movie's gravity-defying dunks are a lot to swallow, but Bow Wow is likable as a down-on-his-luck orphan abused by his greedy guardian.
0.75 Like Mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches. It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor.
0.625 Bow Wow has a genuinely winning presence that makes the movie easy to take.
0.6 The script is right out of the Hollywood formula box, but LBW has a lot of charm and there is an able cast of supporting players.
0.375 A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties.
0.4 It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie.
0.75 A wonderfully sweet orphan, Calvin is an endearing character who'll bring a constant smile to your face and leave just a bit of a lump in your throat.
0.5625 A strong first quarter, slightly less so second quarter, and average second half.
0.875 Bergman's classic sparkles with wit and innuendo in a way that most modern romantic comedies can't even come close to.
1.0 Though Bergman's staging of the affair occasionally suggests a proscenium is just beyond the frame, the ensemble brings joyful veracity to the romantic complications and well-drawn characters.
0.7 Lusty comedy of manners plays like a lighter Rules of the Game.
0.8 Who would have thought that august Sweden would be sending us a film comedy as witty and cheerfully candid about the complexities of love as any recent French essay on l'amour?
1.0 As a maker of romantic comedies, Bergman proves himself the equal of Ernst Lubitsch in his heyday at Paramount in the early 1930s.
0.6 Bergman was a master to have crafted all of this material together so that it was entertaining.
0.8 Heartbreaking, funny and truthful, with more depth crammed into 75 minutes than most manage in two hours.
0.9 Billy Wilder followed up Sunset Boulevard with this biting tale which cast a skeptical eye on the media and feels just as apropos in our age of 24-hour news.
1.0 It's the most scabrous, uncompromised work from Billy Wilder, who never made a movie that wasn't kind of an asshole.
0.9 Over 60 years later, Ace in the Hole has lost none of its sharpness. The only thing that's hard to believe about the movie is that Wilder and his co-screenwriters could have been this far ahead of the curve in their criticism of the media.
0.875 One year after scandalizing Hollywood with his bilious classic Sunset Boulevard, Billy Wilder was up to his old tricks with Ace in the Hole, which did to journalism -- and to the average American -- what his previous picture had done to Tinseltown.
0.9 Billy Wilder's take on human selfishness and callousness makes for one of the most angry and cynical films ever made.
1.0 Quite possibly the most Billy Wilder-ey of all Wilder's films.
0.9 Not only did Wilder pillory the media in Ace in the Hole, he made monkeys out of everyone. Look at you, he said, you eat this drivel with both hands.
0.8 As dark and cynical as Wilder gets, Ace also features one of Douglas' very best performance. Nobody is sympathetic and nobody is likeable. That's why it's so great.
1.0 Cynical classic looks better (and truer) every year.
1.0 Douglas is wonderfully slimy as a scheming reporter in one of Wilder's most accomplished films.
1.0 Not unlike Fritz Lang's equally misanthropic Scarlet Street, Ace in the Hole plays the squashing of one man's human spirit for societal-weary gravitas.
1.0 The film is as grim and pitiless as the relentless drill that pounds away at the mountain top.
0.7 The Network of the newspaper age.
0.4 Ace in the Hole is badly weakened by a poorly constructed plot, which depends for its strength upon assumptions that are not only naive but absurd.
0.4 Excessively overrated Billy Wilder bile-bath, with Kirk Douglas at his teeth-gnashing hammiest.
0.4 "Pete Smalls is Dead" nearly kills itself with an overdose of cutesy mainlined hipsterism.
0.4 Many of the film's storytelling beats seems drawn perhaps a little too closely from "The Long Goodbye," Raymond Chandler's elegiac detective novel adapted into a classic by Robert Altman.
0.8 Enjoyable first film in the "talking baby" genre.
0.75 With his sarcastic delivery, Willis has the ideal voice for the part. Alley and Travolta are affable enough, but the story itself is ordinary and merely passes time.
0.6 A stale idea that actually works, largely due to the capable cast
0.6 surprisingly funny
0.4 Better than its sequels -- that's not saying much.
0.4 Grating but surprisingly popular
0.6 It's a gimmick, but it works.
0.25 Cute is the operative word for the movie, which stars some good actors doing material that is not super.
0.6 A cute movie that heralded the return of Travolta and unfortunately also spawned a franchise that would not die.
0.8 Travolta merges into middle age in this surprisingly winning family comedy.
0.5 The audience around me found it funnier than I did; for me, Look Who's Talking is a one-joke movie that wears out its welcome rather quickly.
0.75 This fairly unlikely idea for a movie turns into a warm and lovable comedy, although I still don't think it needed the voiceovers from the baby.
0.25 It's the cinematic equivalent of having a saccharine-coated tongue depressor jammed down your throat.
0.5 Keith Sample's film aspires to the innocent charm of a newlywed comedy like Barefoot in the Park, but gets bogged down in witless sex jokes.
0.25 This may not be the worst romantic comedy of the year, but surely it's the flattest. The thing has no energy. It just lies there, waiting to be kicked.
0.25 On paper, infertility would seem a distasteful subject matter for light comedy. On screen, it only gets worse.
0.5 It's as compelling as a car commercial, as deep as a diaper pail.
0.4 The direction is unfocused and the end result is patchy.
0.25 This astonishingly inept romantic comedy ignores the most basic rules of character development, and demands that the Robertsons do and think things so stupid and venal that it's the next best thing to impossible to like or care about them.
0.375 With the exception of Joan Cusack, who really needs a movie of her own -- and must stop playing best friends, wives and secretaries of main characters -- this is a waste of seven bucks.
0.375 We're so bored with these two we wouldn't care if they never shared a cab, much less a family. That, in case you've forgotten, is not how romantic comedies are supposed to work.
0.25 What eventually makes "A Smile Like Yours" unbearable is, like a phone call from a vapid neighbor, the blessed thing just won't end!
0.2 It's actually fairly impressive how generic and predictable A Smile Like Yours turns out to be.
0.5 Vacillates uncertainly between unfunny farce and ineffectual melodrama.
0.15 Writer-director Keith Samples has pieced together scraps of bad sperm jokes, an inane 'rags-to-riches' story line, and a boring extra-marital affair for 'intrigue.'
0.2 I felt something close to actual physical pain watching likable stars Greg Kinnear and Lauren Holly slowly drown in the dismal pit of this bungled romantic comedy.
0.25 It's hard to know who A Smile Like Yours will appeal to.
0.75 [Holly is] a delight. Kinnear's even more appealing.
0.6 As strong as the music is, there's not much tying Rent together; it's a series of sequences, not a story.
0.3 film, za razliku od predstave, daleko bolje isti%u010De jednodimenzionalnost i neuvjerljivost likova
0.5 Recommended, but only for shut-ins who can't make it to a local live theater production of the play.
0.5 For all the big themes Rent deals with -- love, death, injustice, community -- it still seems a bit superficial
0.4 Fans of the original stage production won't be disappointed, but as a film it's frequently tedious and way too long.
0.625 Beautiful cinematography and great acting assure an enjoyable experience for fans of the musical, but there are better options for people who don't already love it.
0.375 It comes off like a sequel to the ever-annoying Fame where the kids never moved out of New York or learned anything from Debbie Allen.
0.6 Even more universally entertaining than "Chicago"....the performances are sensational..you'll be definitely humming some of its tunes in the car ride home
0.8 Despite my frustration at the willful stupidity of some of the main characters, I had to just sit back and let all that beautiful singing wash over me.
0.6 If you are a fan of the show, you will very likely enjoy the film.
0.75 What we're left with, in place of directorial pizzazz, is the sheer impact of the original show.
0.625 Rent features an attractive cast, sharp lyrics, bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years
0.2 People are always jumping up on tables, bartops, any flat surface available, as if to say 'Who needs nice furniture? Let's scuff the world!'
0.8 The material is real, and Columbus goes at it head-on, moving from dialogue to song and back again without awkwardness or apology.
0.5 Rent, for all its feel-good desperation and plague-battered bonhomie, arrives in theatres with the curious but unmistakable air of an artifact from another time, even another world.
0.875 "Rent" is worth saving up for.
0.8 Columbus has made his finest, most emotionally rich film yet.
0.5 The outre flip side of Friends... Larson's Big Apple is smaller and seedier than most, and ripe for parody.
0.68 For those who dig Larson's vision, Rent is a wild, emotional rush through the cold streets and tattered bodies and souls, with gripping music to boot.
0.625 Although it is indeed an entertaining and noble attempt to bring the hugely popular Broadway musica Rent to the big screen, something is unfortunately lost in the translation.
0.4 There were times where I was convinced that '525,600 minutes' wasn't a lyric, but the actual running time of the film.
0.75 Easy to like and even easier to hum.
0.5 "Rent" needed to be directed by a Martin Scorsese or a Spike Lee, a director with both a gift for gritty material and a confidence and familiarity with shooting New York City.
0.75 while I can admire the film for its efforts, Rent comes across as a somewhat lackluster performance when compared to the stage version that I so dearly love.
0.375 A stylistic mess all around.
0.8 Rent reminds me of the first Harry Potter in many ways, in that it's directed modestly well but without any flair or personality
0.875 The cast is uniformly amazing, but special mention must be made of Rosario Dawson, who's sexy as hell and a surprisingly great singer.
0.75 Rent works best as a centaur creation: half-movie, half-play, plunging into theater world in all its mindless, cheesy, sentimental splendor.
0.5 RENT is mediocre and recommended only to those who can claim a familiarity with the play.
0.375 A mediocre, unimaginative, inefficient filmmaker, Columbus delivers a Rent that isn't so much bad as perfunctory.
0.4 something more is needed than a thumbed nose at convention to make a work dazzle and RENT, the movie, doesn't dazzle, in fact it's barely able to stifle a yawn
0.625 'Rent' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact...
0.75 Rent may not be the same transformative experience on film as it was on the stage, but Jonathan Larson's creation is strong enough to withstand a shift in mediums with plenty of its appeal still intact.
0.5 Wait for the 'rent'-al.
0.6 Onscreen, the musical numbers at times feel episodic and the narrative loses momentum.
0.4 It seemed to be what a modern Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical would turn into if the characters were hooked on heroin and AZT.
0.4 Yes, they may warble about poverty, AIDS and rebellion, but it's hard to care.
0.75 ...that rare musical that just might appeal to folks that ordinarily shun the genre.
0.375 'Five hundred twenty-five thousand, six hundred minutes.' These opening lyrical lines of Rent also seem to describe how long it takes for a viewer to sit through the movie.
0.9 Chris Columbus has managed to make his first great film. (this despite the odious characters who we're supposed to love)
0.8 Vibrant, energetic, exuberantly powerful
0.625 In a stagy way, Chris Columbus' adaptation captures this Generation-X attitude toward relationships with pinpoint accuracy -- even if it captures little raw emotion.
0.625 Director Chris Columbus has done what any smart filmmaker would do with a musical and let the songs dictate his movie.
1.0 When all is said and done, "Rent" is a celebration of life, no matter how you are forced to face it. ...a testament that all of us should live those 525,600 minutes like each one is our last.
0.625 Most of the musical numbers aren't stylized (a natty tango number is an exception) but based in a Hollywood-gritty reality that at times feels silly.
0.5 The scourge of rock-opera, a musical mutation that manages to combine the least savory elements of both with the advantages of neither.
0.875 If nothing else, the movie reveals Jonathan Larson's musical to be an illuminating time capsule of a wild period immediately before and after the scourge of AIDS.
0.75 Treasuring what Larson and his young cast did, Columbus has made it vital again, showbizzy but only sometimes corny.
0.75 Rent offers rambunctious rock 'n' roll moments not seen on-screen since Hair and Fame.
1.0 The strong cast matches a score and a script with enough rich humor and humanity to entice viewers.
1.0 Don't miss Rent.
0.625 In terms of its music and lyrics Rent flickers more than it flames.
0.4 They're saying Rent was of its moment. They're saying that moment has passed. So the point of making the movie is . . . ?
0.625 Rent takes to the streets of New York and convulses in song and dance for nearly two solid hours.
0.75 Now a vastly larger audience has the chance to experience the masterwork of a prodigiously talented man who died far too young.
0.5 Why is it that struggling artists who sing, paint or write about their struggles usually seem to produce the worst art?
0.9 RENT continues the excellence that Moulin Rouge and Chicago forged for the rebirth of the cinematic musical.
0.9 Inspired by La Boheme, its emotions are still operatic, but the score, for the most part, is good old rock 'n' roll.
0.8 Larson's music has been given an intoxicating urgency, and the performances are outstanding.
0.625 The music and direction feel generic but the cast deserves credit for squeezing every possible drop of emotion out of the material.
0.375 You'll hear more soul in your parents' scratchy collection of Ray Conniff albums.
0.5 Too often seems like a late-season American Idol episode that's all Abdul encouragement without any Simon snarkiness.
0.625 Besides these soaring, grand slam sequences, the film dips too often into thudding melancholy, lifeless numbers or dangling subplots.
0.625 Rent falls betwixt and between the odd intimacy of theater and the glorious bigness of film -- and vice versa.
0.625 [Columbus] launders the grit right out of Rent, choosing to give the movie the glossy and faux shadowy look of a Bud Light commercial.
0.75 If you fell in love with the big-hearted sentimentality of Rent when you saw it onstage, the film version will remind you why.
0.8 Definitely fits in the tearjerker category... so if you want something besides holiday cheer, there's no day like today to check this out.
0.5 Yes, Rent is about penniless artists who can't afford to eat or pay their electric bills. But must their straits extend to the threadbare filmmaking, too?
1.0 If Rent works -- and most of the time, it does so flawlessly -- it is because it remains Rent.
0.125 Broad stereotypes engaged in shallow versions of complex issues.
0.5 There's a moment in which Roger (Adam Pascal), the burnout rocker, singingly accuses Mimi of looking 16. She could have easily retorted, "You look 40."
0.2 No wonder these idiots are broke.
0.7 Though the storyline is sparse and it's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be, there's still something about it that's hard to shake.
0.625 If you have any appreciation for the art of the movie musical, Rent is pretty much a washout.
0.2 Rent is commodified faux bohemia on a platter, eliciting the same kind of numbing soul-sadness as children's beauty pageants, tiny dogs in expensive boots, Mahatma Gandhi in Apple ads.
0.5 Rent showcases the hipster trend of getting nostalgic about grime and crime: it's slumtimental.
0.625 Ultimately, the emphasis on flash disengages viewers from the story's emotional core, which is the exact opposite of what Larson intended.
0.7 Chris Columbus's film affirms that Rent belongs in the pantheon of immortal musicals celebrating the self-dramatizing and resilient spirit of youth.
0.625 Those who haven't seen Rent on the stage will sense they're missing something, and they are.
0.625 [Afield] from its off-Broadway origins, but the intimacy afforded by the camera and...most of the original cast occasionally restore the emotional vitality of the piece.
0.7 If nothing else, it's now a revisitable, visually represented document of a very good show.
0.375 Think Angels In America crossed with Tommy created by someone with no training in the world of drama or songwriting.
0.875 Once it develops ... Rent is a moving, emotional film with some exciting music.
0.8 one of the most refreshingly exuberant films of the year
0.625 The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts.
0.75 The soul of Larson's then-timely passion play is intact; bring on the Sing-A-Long version.
1.0 Viva la vie boheme. ...largely throws out the Hollywood rule book and remains refreshingly true to composer Jonathan Larson's Pulitzer-winning original.
0.625 This is a well-constructed and achingly earnest movie that should be put in a time machine and sent back a decade, when it was relevant.
0.25 Whatever qualities powered Rent to its numerous theater awards and long run onstage are missing from this charmless floperetta.
0.5 Without the immediacy you get from live theater, you're always going to feel at arm's length listening to people sing simple bits of dialogue like 'I'm so mad I don't know what to do,' or, um, 'Hello.'
0.625 If Columbus had a concept for the movie, it's not evident, and many of his decisions feel random.
0.875 An emotional, exhilarating experience, Rent is alive with such boundless energy and joy that it is one of the year's most purely entertaining cinematic efforts.
0.5 No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands.
0.625 In a lot of ways the film treatment many fans have envisioned for years, and that's the problem; it doesn't quite communicate how special and affecting the material is to those unfamiliar with it.
0.5 The film's reliance on too many thematically obvious (though marvelously belted) group songs delays evocative conversations like an overdue rent check.
0.35 Proves that lame musicals tend to make even lamer movies.
0.4 Get a job for God's sake, people, and bring back some better songs while you're out.
0.5 [How is it?] Loud and shrill. Bring earplugs. Seriously.
1.0 Spend some of the 525,600 minutes allotted to you this year with this soulful rock musical and it will speak passionately to the romantic and rebel within you.
1.0 Mr. Columbus, I apologize for doubting in you!
0.625 One would have to be made of stone not to respond to at least something in this vivid score, and it sounds marvelous.
0.6 Seeing this musical journey reduced to a screen with speakers is like staring at the Mona Lisa through a layer of glass. It just doesn't have the same impact.
0.8 I haven't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980.
0.625 ...generally comes off as an effective adaptation of Scott Phillips' admittedly superior novel...
1.0 When a lot of you tell me you want intelligent movies made by adults for adults, you're asking for movies like this one.
0.9 90% cynicism / 10% hope, and it's jammed full of funny performances, dark divergences, and a low-key air of existential angst that you simply don't see in many multiplex movies. I love this one.
0.6 There's an enjoyably pulpy vibe to The Ice Harvest, aided considerably by the performance of a flame-haired, throaty-voiced Connie Nielsen who vamps it up like a 1940s femme fatale.
0.4 Both unfunny and rather gruesome
0.25 A total (bomb), the wrong project for almost everyone involved.
0.5 ... the film's difficult genre straddling never quite congeals.
0.5 A film populated by nasty characters who spend nearly 90 minutes doing nasty things to one another. That some of those things are darkly funny helps, but not enough to merit a viewing.
0.75 How I wish I hadn't seen "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" just days before I saw "The Ice Harvest."
0.75 ...An enjoyable early Christmas present...
0.25 Another barren black comedy that skates a thin line between bad taste and gift-wrapped stupidity.
0.6 Feels too much like Coen Brothers Lite -- and it's too busy nailing down the cynicism to worry too much about the quirkiness that tends to make the Coens' work palatable.
0.375 As an exercise in neo-noir, the film is surprisingly inert, and as a dark comedy, it fails to offer many laughs.
0.625 Viewers are likely to leave this movie not having laughed as much as they expected, not having gotten as many thrills as they hoped for and ambivalent to the experience.
0.75 The Ice Harvest delivers a nice mix of humor, tension, and seediness.
0.3 The film's various elements lump together like so many strippers at a Christmas Party %u2013 clearly anomalous but trying to present a cohesive front.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is like Sin City without the bold style and crooked smile, disgorging grisly bloodbaths without drawing artful things out of them.
0.625 ... a thriller that's not very thrilling but is as violent as the best of them.
0.7 Casting Cousin Eddie as a Mob heavy is the least of Harvest's comic genuius.
0.75 [T]he tired heist concept is considerably enlivened by excellent casting and behind-the-camera pedigree.
0.5 [T]here's little to laugh at.
0.5 Ramis keeps the action moving at a good pace, but his film lacks the manic menace of Fargo.
0.8 Delightfully seedy outing involves cold cash, hot women, cruel betrayal and Christmas Eve.
0.375 The Ice Harvest is supposed to be a thriller with dark comic elements, but the movie stops being entertaining fairly early on, and none of its characters is even remotely likable.
0.6 Make no mistake: This is an R-rated, mean-spirited movie for which Christmas makes a great backdrop, but only if you really hate Christmas. If not, It's A Wonderful Life is sure to be playing somewhere.
0.875 The movie twinkles sardonically, like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character's most cunning, twisted smile.
0.5 The Ice Harvest may not be as bad as a lump of coal in your stocking, but it isn't as exciting as a new pair of socks either.
0.375 Few cinematic experiences are more depressing than a black comedy that isn't funny.
0.5 Starts with great scripting & a sweet quirky tension that sets the film skating. Unfortunately, the writing cracks and all breaks through the ice. Platt performs strongly.
0.75 Manages to entertain, even if it does leave you feeling unsatisfied.
0.4 A morose, unhappy, sometimes depressing flick.
0.5 The Ice Harvest has talent to spare in front of the camera, but isn't nearly as smart or sharp as it would like to be.
0.5 Given that pedigree, it's all the more disappointing that this movie falls flat.
0.75 How about something a little nasty for the holidays? Harold Ramis' take on crime writer Scott Phillips' hard-boiled yuletide noir may be just what Santa ordered.
0.5 As a feel-bad holiday comedy, The Ice Harvest sometimes recalls Thornton's own Bad Santa, though it's never as outrageously funny, and Thornton doesn't get nearly as much to do.
0.25 Ice Harvest, sir, is no Groundhog Day.
0.25 In my movie fridge, The Ice Harvest packs in far beneath Iceman, The Ice Storm and The Iceman Cometh. It suffers freezer burn even below Ice Palace and Ice Station Zebra.
0.625 This is strictly B-movie fare.
0.375 A surprising misfire on all counts ...
0.75 [A]s an antidote to the sugary confections of the season, its hung-over cynicism works wonders.
0.4 [A] woefully miscalculated, distressingly unfunny dark comedy in the Grifters mold.
0.3 Crammed with barflies, strippers and assorted reprobates, The Ice Harvest easily takes the honors as this holiday season's biggest and dirtiest lump of coal.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is a treat for everyone who hates holidays.
0.5 The Ice Harvest aims to be a comedy crime caper that's light as a bubble, but too many crooks spoil the froth.
0.5 ... seems slight and underdeveloped.
0.625 [G]enerates more nervous smiles than belly laughs ...
0.8 The Ice Harvest is as smooth as a dry martini, and it's an unalloyed pleasure to behold Cusack and Thornton playing off each other.
0.625 It's neither convincing -- nor, just as importantly clever -- in pulling off its thriller story line, and it's not funny enough to sustain your interest, save for its hilariously chaotic 20-minute middle section.
0.625 [A] lightweight Bad Santa.
0.3 ...a nihilistic, bloody, violent, vain attempt at a humorous noir without humor.
0.75 What does Billy Bob Thornton have against Christmas?
0.7 Almost none of it will stay with you...wait to rent it.
0.75 ... Ice Harvest does not take itself seriously and at least provides an amusing respite from the forced cheeriness of the season.
0.5 The Ice Harvest is too tepid to have much taste either way, and it ends up lulling us to apathy.
0.75 Ramis gives this twisted thriller the grim irony Quentin Tarantino and his followers boast of, but don't understand.
1.0 The Ice Harvest is a hearty hued anti-jovial, though oddly not anti-humorous, Christmas neo-Noir that'll have you giggling with morbid glee, and properly cringing where need be!
0.75 The movie, directed by Harold Ramis, finds a balance between the goofy and the gruesome.
0.25 This Harvest yields nothing but chaff.
0.75 Bumptiously entertaining.
0.2 It's entirely possible that Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack phoned in their parts in The Ice Harvest. But in these modern times, they probably e-mailed.
0.7 A dark comedy that's about as far as you can get from the 'warm fuzzy holiday film for the whole family'.
0.625 Ramis might have been onto something had he been able to include less ice and more harvest.
0.625 Ice Harvest has its laughs, but you may come out of the theater feeling like you need to take a shower.
0.625 Zesty enough to make the ol' noir two-step seem worthwhile.
0.75 Ramis does some of his best work balancing the immoral tone of the plot with biting humor that rises from the situations and not just fitted in as obvious tension relievers.
0.375 In many ways, The Ice Harvest is like half of a movie.
0.6 a smart and angst-ridden piece of crime existentialism that loses only its nerve, never its brain.
0.625 Falls into place too little and too late.
0.5 The movie builds some suspense around our curiosity about the theft, but we don't know enough about anything to get involved.
0.5 Harold Ramis' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades, but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness.
0.375 A comic noir that feels like a direct-to-DVD movie that could have easily starred Matthew Modine, Dennis Hopper and Gina Gershon.
0.75 The Ice Harvest is an odd twist on the Christmas crime movie and a strangely therapeutic use of the Cusack pout.
0.25 Anyone expecting laughs from this dark holiday comedy will be disappointed by this ho-ho-horrible movie.
0.6 It's an anti-Christmas black comedy for every card-carrying Grinch.
0.75 The dialog is as wickedly funny as the sets are tackily humorous.
0.75 The Ice Harvest proves that modest, workmanlike film noir need not be accompanied by hipster homages and ironic self-consciousness.
0.7 Comedy director Harold Ramis achieves a showy, shadowy gang-who-couldn't -shoot-straight satire in a The Grifters cross with The Perfect Plan.
0.75 Barbara Sarafian provides a full-bodied portrait of mature female strength as a mother named Matty in Moscow, Belgium.
0.625 The movie just can't decide whether it likes romance or disdains it, whether it wants to be dark or bright.
0.625 There's nothing special about the story in Moscow, Belgium. But the lead performance? Very special.
0.75 A romantic drama, interwoven with bright ribbons of humor.
0.6 Moscow, Belgium feels not only like a movie from another culture but from another world.
0.75 As Matty, Sarafian is a marvel as she changes from a gray moth to a girlish butterfly, and Delnaet is delightful as the slightly dangerous Johnny.
0.7 A European-style chick flick where all the women are wonderful and the men jerks. Unlike the American genre, this is one men can actually sit through and enjoy
0.75 Few films tackle the question of whether a man with a history of domestic violence can learn to love again -- and fewer still do it in a subtly comedic and charming way.
0.8 Nothing will ever be easy for any of these characters, and that is why we care about them so.
0.875 Emotions run deep but are never overdone.
0.8 Director Christophe Van Rompaey takes the oldest story in film, "boy meets girl," and turns it into something fresh and new with sparkling performances by Barbara Sarafian and Jurgen Delnaet.
0.95 Masterfully blends romance and comedy in a refreshing, endearing, life-affirming and unHollywood way without feeling contrived, corny or convoluted.
0.75 Moscow, Belgium is a romantic comedy with a different flavor. Although it follows many of the familiar patterns that characterize movies of this genre, it does enough things differently to allow it to step outside of the norm.
0.75 The way Belgian actress Barbara Sarafian plays the opening sequence you're not sure if you're entering a tragedy, or a tragicomedy, or what. The film turns out to be "or what." It's also worth seeing.
0.75 Notice how deeply the director, Christophe van Rompaey, has drawn us into these lives, how much we finally care, and with what sympathy all the actors enter into the enterprise.
1.0 My pick for best romantic comedy of the year--from any country.
0.7 With no shortage of wit and ample awareness of the human condition, Moscow, Belgium revolves around a complex female character, wonderfully limned by Barbara Sarafian.
0.75 A pleasing alternative to the season's Oscar-baiting movies.
0.6 The steady attention to detail in Moscow, Belgium lends it a texture rarely found in films about domestic life.
0.6 A feisty romantic comedy about a middle-aged woman who realizes that she has a few options still left whereby she can transform her life.
0.375 The aspirations of this quirky Belgian import might be feel-good indie, but the copious flaws smack of pure Hollywood drivel.
0.75 Great fun will be had by audiences, past and future.
0.9 This is nothing less than one of my favourite Australian pictures in quite some time
0.6 Given how hideously over-used time travel has been of late in movies, Aussie writer/director Hugh Sullivan deserves considerable back-slapping for at least spinning something fresh out of the concept.
0.8 Hugh Sullivan's terrific Australian time-travel comedy is an inventive and dryly hilarious depiction of how the obsession with perfection can only lead to defeat.
0.5 Sullivan urgently needs to find a co-writer: while visually he's more talented than the majority of Australian directors, his would-be witty dialogue is atrocious, and his characters are no more than sketches.
0.7 Full marks to Sullivan and his team for creating this bizarre puzzle of a movie, even though the use of the single location and the endlessly repetitive (with variations) plot inevitably becomes over-familiar as it proceeds.
1.0 A delightfully intellectual exercise in escapism.
0.9 What The Infinite Man lacks in size it makes up for in brains and heart...the rare sort of film that feels invigorated, rather than hamstrung, by its obvious financial constraints.
0.8 What The Infinite Man lacks in size it makes up for in inventive, emotionally potent storytelling as a sci-fi, a comedy and a romance. That kind of trifecta is a rarity indeed.
0.9 Unafraid of its low budget limitations, The Infinite Man makes splendid use of its three-person cast, revels in its minimalist location and yet never feels constrained.
0.8 Writer-director Hugh Sullivan's smart and sensitive feature debut deserves special credit for hinging its conceit on successful emotional beats, never letting its structural ambition get in the way of its fun character arcs and some terrific laughs.
0.4 Ultimately Angel-A never takes flight, weighted down by an overabundance of metaphysical cliches stolen from other films.
0.5 The film settles into a laid-back groove that is, how shall we say, endlessly boring.
0.8 Besson gives the movie a warmth and charm all its own...
0.5 ... a visually sumptuous, dramatically inert fable ...
0.5 A gorgeous-looking film whose crisp, black-and-white photography is unfortunately much more thrilling than its simplistic, cloying story.
0.6 Besson's black-and-white angel fantasy is a weak homage to Wings of Desire, if that's what he was shooting for.
0.4 An ultimately dull nonaffair.
0.6 It's compelling largely due to its appealing cast.
0.625 Angel-A is a not very persuasive argument on behalf of heavenly intercession, but its co-star, Rie Rasmussen, will make you believe in intelligent design.
0.5 Besson... cribs heavily from Wings of Desire and Heaven Can Wait. If he had thought of it, he would have dressed someone in an Anaheim Angels jersey to elbow your ribs that much further.
0.5 ...the characters here are so unlikable that it's hard to care what happens to them.
0.75 What's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around.
0.875 Luc Besson returns to his roots in this delightful, funny and stylish fantasy. Shot in gloriously crisp black and white, it's also a bit of a throwback to the French New Wave for its technique and dazzling location vignettes across Paris.
0.625 You desperately want the story, and the characters, to make some kind of emotional sense. This, however, does not happen.
0.8 Besson excels at stories about rough characters who are saved through their relationship with a more civilized character (as in The Professional and La Femme Nikita). Angel-A adheres to that paradigm, but it also has more soul, humor and warmth than those
0.875 Beautifully shot and superbly acted...
0.5 [The] plot is warmed-over Capra, and it's no wonderful-life yarn.
0.5 The strained fairy tale feels like writer/director Luc Besson's effort to move beyond the pop giddiness of La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element to a mature statement about issues important to him, but the effort overshadows the message.
0.75 Angel-A drops by most of the touristy Parisian hot spots and, shot in the glorious black-and-white of Henri Cartier-Bresson, makes them all look spectacular and gritty at the same time.
0.625 Besson's dialogue is often inane, occasionally sounding like it is copied verbatim out of a new age self-help manual.
0.625 It seems Besson can be sentimental about Paris but he's still not ready to get too romantic with people.
0.625 This Parisian fable is a talkathon, affecting a silly toughness, but the sights are good to see again.
0.5 If you'd like a look at Paris in all its splendour, look no further than Angel-A. Just be sure that in order to see Paris in all its splendour you don't mind sitting through a silly little comedy with a dopey ending.
0.25 Feels like a mash-up of It's a Wonderful Life and Xanadu, without the wholesome sweetness of the first and the campy excesses of the second.
0.5 The movie doesn't aspire to be anything but a lightweight pastiche that rehashes your memories of other, better movies.
0.375 Angel-A is all icky fantasy.
0.5 Surprise, surprise - Luc Besson envisions a celestial being as a leggy, skinny super model.
0.625 We all have our own view of paradise, but as long as Besson has Arbogast, his camera and those surreal bare Parisian streets, his schlocky heaven enchants the eye, if not the mind.
0.5 To call Angel-A unconvincing would be an Eiffel Tower-sized understatement.
0.75 The overall experience of the movie is of something fresh. And while it inhabits a pretty rough world, of Parisian gangsters and loan sharks, the film has a warm spirit.
0.625 Besson conjures up some astoundingly gorgeous visuals, mainly a dreamy, neon-drenched, throbbing Paris.
0.5 The [angel] turns out to be Stuart Smalley, parking Andre in front of a mirror so he can tell himself he's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him.
0.3 Angel-A is one of the most gorgeous movies I have ever despised.
0.6 An intriguing drama about a quirky leggy blonde angel who comes to Paris on a mission of mercy to show a self-destructive and petty man his worth.
0.625 Besson's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile, and Andre is, frankly, a drag.
0.625 Visually arresting but flawed. Its strongest asset is the stunningly poetic cinematography by Thierry Arbogast.
0.625 As a drama, Angel-A does not rank as a great movie, but as an homage to Paris, it is sensational. For this viewer, at least, that is good enough.
0.625 Nice as this quietly philosophical mood may be for Besson, it's a little wan for moviegoers, and following on the heels of Arthur and the Invisibles, Angel-A seems less like a detour in his career than the beginnings of a wrong turn.
0.625 If Besson's eye is Angela, though, his writing is Andre: awkward, misshapen and earthbound. Andre must learn a lesson in self-esteem that would have embarrassed Capra -- maybe even Oprah.
0.625 The beautiful black-and-white photography -- and disappointingly sappy ending -- are the only remotely sober elements here, thanks to Besson's loopy script and Debbouze's very funny turn as a loser who simply can't believe his luck.
0.7 Angel-A works as a romantic comedy about opposites meeting cute and desperate in the City of Light, whose bridges and facades are nicely rendered by cinematographer Thierry Arbogast.
0.5 Angel-A never finds the heart in a promising It's a Wonderful Life premise.
0.6 It won't hurt you, and it's easy on the eyes.
0.625 Not an especially surprising or eventful story, it is, nevertheless, a reasonably satisfying little tale of a character down on his luck who finds out that life can be tolerable after all.
0.5 In essence, you get It's a Wonderful Life meets Wings of Desire, swapping out the substance for self-help platitudes. If you can get past that, you can enjoy it as a 90-minute look at a lovely postcard.
0.7 Clearly Besson's most personal film, a gorgeous and romantic travelogue of Paris locations. Rie Rasmussen is quite glorious in her first major role.
0.7 A witty, edgy cross between Amelie and It's a Wonderful Life.
0.3 Begins as playful comedy about a crook who meets a beautiful woman and ends as dreadfully dumbed-down remake of Wings of Desire.
0.375 Besson's first behind-the-camera outing since 1999's The Messenger is as skeletal as his model-turned-leading lady.
0.6 There's as much credibility in this match-up as color on the screen.
0.75 This lighter-than-air bauble proves a pleasurable diversion indeed -- as long as that heart beating inside your chest has at least a mild propensity for the romantic. Bring a date.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.875 A visually arresting odd-couple comedy that reveals itself to be, quite literally, It's a Wonderful Life with a bimbo!
0.6 Genial performances and a pleasing plot are elevated to the stuff of cinematic majesty by Thierry Arbogast's glorious monochrome photography, which recalls the Parisian vistas of the nouvelle vague.
0.4 The whole film's easy on the eye thanks to the Parisian summer setting, photographed in creamy black and white. If only the romance wasn't so monochrome too...
0.6 The film looks terrific - Besson shoots his beloved Paris in gorgeous black and white photography that recalls both Wings of Desire and It's A Wonderful Life, both of which Angel-A happily steals from.
0.4 Good looking but tedious.
0.5 It looks and feels like an Altman film, but one made completely on a pointless lark.
0.7 Swan songs are seldom as sweet or melodic as A Prairie Home Companion.
0.8 The movie is a shaggy-dog trifle, but it's a sweet and lovely one.
0.7 Altman's star-studded cast is natural and energetic -- with the exception of a surprisingly detached Keillor -- and the Hollywood folks mingle easily, in character, among the real show's performers, a technique Altman perfected in Nashville.
0.7 ...a lovely and bittersweet fable about morality, the fleetingness of fame, drawing strength from the past and finding the inevitable beauty in the darkest of situations.
0.875 Alternatively wistful and satirical, Prairie isn't an Altman classic, but it's a fine time.
0.875 This adaptation is highly-recommended for loyal devotees of the long-running radio show as a cinematic capstone on Keillor's magnificent career.
0.4 La despedida de Robert Altman no esta entre lo mejor de su obra, pero es una calida evocacion de tiempos y ritos pasados animada por un atractivo elenco.
0.8 Plenty of artistry, even if it is a minor Altman film. So long, Robert.
0.8 A fitting swansong for Altman's career, this is an enjoyable comedy drama with strong performances, lively musical numbers and a handful of decent jokes.
0.8 This ode to a bygone style of entertainment is a fitting swan song for Altman.
1.0 Poucos cineastas tem ou tiveram a oportunidade de se despedir com tamanha graca e charme de seus fas... algo que Altman conseguiu com este filme simultaneamente melancolico e alegre.
0.9 A celebration of show business at its purest and most joyful.
0.6 ...essentially a sentimental musical comedy, with the barest rudiments of a story lingering in the background.
0.875 You don't have to be an NPR junkie to appreciate Garrison Keillor and Robert Altman's sweet, gently funny tale about an old-fashioned radio show taking its last bow.
0.75 Fans of Altman's naturalistic style and admirers of Keillor's wit will find plenty to love in A Prairie Home Companion.
0.625 With A Prairie Home Companion, Robert Altman has once again showcased his talent for creating complex, insular worlds for his characters to inhabit.
0.6 It's a testament to Altman and his cast that they can take a script this lousy and get just enough charm out of it to get by.
0.75 Nostalgic for an idealized version of wry family entertainment that probably never quite existed, it embodies all that is strong in character about the Midwest, or at least what should be.
1.0 Robert Altman might be 81 years old, but damn he still knows how to direct a big cast of characters in an entertaining movie.
0.7 Simply put, it is a pleasure to watch and a film that I'd gladly see again.
0.75 In a world of hype, earthshaking and globe-threatening crises, and annoying celebrity excess, what a contrast, what a respite, what a blessing it is to seek refuge weekly in A Prairie Home Companion!
1.0 "A Prairie Home Companion" is an incredibly well-made and graceful film, with an unbelievably gifted cast dancing to the Midwestern poetry of Garrison Keillor's script and Robert Altman's direction.
0.75 I can't necessarily say that I'd be more inclined to listen to the show [on the radio], but I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it on the big screen.
0.6 The movie is a lot like everything Keillor does, reliable and pleasant, but nothing very exciting or even remarkable. It is the cinematic equivalent of a dish of vanilla ice cream.
0.8 Meryl Streep is a national treasure
0.5 Fans of Keillor's radio show may love it, but it's just not engaging enough to satisfy the rest of us.
0.7 A perplexingly kooky comedy about death, [it] manages to do what Altman has almost never done before: allow a different artist their own voice.
0.625 This is Altman in a minor key...
0.625 Keillor and Altman's eccentric duet is closer to Hollywood than St. Paul -- and more dirge than celebration.
1.0 What a lovely film this is, so gentle and whimsical, so simple and profound.
1.0 Keillor has handed Altman the script of a lifetime, and Altman has given him the perfect film of it -- while summing up so much of himself and his films in the bargain.
0.7 Its main draws are comfortable, skilled ensemble playing, a few chuckles, and an admirable humorist/satirist's unique world turned to the dark side.
0.875 No American filmmaker other than Robert Altman could have been a better choice for Garrison Keillor's relentlessly quirky corner of an Americana that doesn't exist anymore.
0.8 The pairing of Altman and Keillor is a stroke of genius.
0.75 Such is Altman's gift with actors that he even makes Lindsay Lohan seem fresh-faced, building the film to a climax in which the pop tartlet makes the most of her thin voice.
0.875 A beautiful farewell party, one that balances drama and comedy with ample, unexpected heart.
0.75 Gets big laughs in its clever, rapid-fire delivery and finds beauty and wisdom within its narrative simplicity.
0.9 A Prairie Home Companion is nothing short of a real treat and an experience lovers of the radio show and future lovers of it shouldn't miss.
0.625 Overall, the film falls into some comforting cocoon midway between affectionate spoof and adoring homage, much like Keillor's warmly nostalgic show.
0.54 Oh where oh where has Lake Wobegon gone? Oh where oh where could it be? This mythical place is the heart and soul of pretty much everything Garrison Keillor has done in the last three decades. It's not there!!!! AAAAAAAAAARG!!!!
0.75 Pass the Powdermilk Biscuits, slice the pie and serve the corn.
0.875 It's a tribute to music's power to heal us, to the way a familiar tune brings a comfortable old-shoe smile and the way a group sing-along bonds those within it, creating a community in that moment.
0.25 This is not one of the good Altmans. This isn't even one of the mediocre Altmans. No, the cinema's girl with the curl is back, and this time he's very, very bad.
1.0 The movie, the most blithely charming film Altman has made, is a fully satisfying meal.
0.75 Like a pair of faux-fur-lined rubber boots on a Minnesota winter morning, A Prairie Home Companion is warm, charmingly contrived and easy to slip into.
0.9 Fans of Keillor or Altman will have a grand old time. Fans of both will be near ecstatic.
0.75 Who knew Altman would turn so sweet this late in the game? Whatever the reason for it, it's working.
0.625 A Prairie Home Companion is about small-beer showbiz professionals who face extinction with a smile on their face, a song in their heart, and a biscuit in their belly.
0.8 The movie brings us an old-fashioned radio variety show, in all its glory, and an old-fashioned Robert Altman movie, all ensemble-and-improvisation.
0.5 For the rest of us, this is a woebegone world we not only don't know but don't particularly want to visit.
0.5 Sketchy, rambling, tune-filled -- and, at best, mildly entertaining.
0.75 This is a lovely marriage of two of America's wisest cultural observers, native Midwesterners and modern Mark Twains, who value their heritage while occasionally poking it with a stick.
0.625 If this dull, cramped and literal film is any indication, Keillor's sturdy and expansive sense of imagination defies physical manifestation.
0.75 Even if you're not a regular listener of Keillor's show A Prairie Home Companion weaves a spell on you. It's a charmer.
0.75 It's a sweet thing to hear and see -- and when have we been able to say that about an Altman movie?
0.6 There doesn't seem to be much point to A Prairie Home Companion, but it's smart and charming and the music is lovely. Maybe that's the point.
1.0 While lacking a conventional plot arc, PHC nevertheless is totally engaging, crammed with laughable, lovable vignettes and characters with whom we're more than happy to spend some time.
0.6 A Prairie Home Companion glides along effortlessly offering some sweet sentiment, loads of gentle laughs and some great little musical moments.
1.0 Nondevotees also should find a home in this agreeable, accessible Companion.
0.875 A Prairie Home Companion is a meditation on death that has you humming to the melody and laughing at the joke -- it's an elegiac picture that refuses to eulogize.
1.0 The movie is not just enormously entertaining, it is deeply moving, both in the way it celebrates storytelling and storytellers -- and in the unembarrassed way its creators and performers remind us how much we need them.
0.75 If A Prairie Home Companion is director Robert Altman's swan song, it's a tune with plenty of sweet, rootsy grace notes.
0.75 Good-humored and enormously entertaining but also sentimental and a little dishonest.
0.625 A gentle, graceful movie so preoccupied with death and the end of things that it seems like the work of a man politely preparing his own funeral service -- corny jokes included -- to save his loved ones the trouble.
0.7 Set during the final broadcast of a fictional version of Garrison Keillor's real-life radio variety show -- which is still on the air after 25 years -- this backstage fable is particularly suited for auteur director Robert Altman.
0.75 Altman and Garrison Keillor have turned Keillor's beloved radio show into the sort of backstage entertainment allegory that brings out the best in the director.
0.6 Fans should enjoy A Prairie Home Companion, a movie based on Keillor's satirical radio show, known for its dry Midwestern wit and fake ads for biscuits and duct tape.
0.875 [Altman] gives his performers breathing space, and many - like the always-great Streep and the subtly impressive Lohan - take great advantage of it.
0.9 As one who eschews Altman, I am glad that I saw this movie ...It speaks to a part of me that I forget exists, and one that I value in myself, and it's a well-orchestrated bit of filmmaking as well.
0.75 Using the classic radio show for his template, Altman helms his most fluid and fun work in years.
0.9 Altman's direction and Keillor's writing mesh perfectly in this quirky, yet 'homey and welcoming' film.
0.8 An appreciation of artists, albeit a sadder one... perhaps [Altman]'s saying here that the end doesn't have to be bitter -- it can be bittersweet.
0.7 Garrison Keillor is an acquired taste. The whole movie is like his penguin joke, 'it's not that funny'... but you laugh anyway.
0.75 The movie is as enjoyable as the broadcast, and it's cheaper than going to a live show
0.84 Like most Altman movies, A Prairie Home Companion is intelligent and indulgent, an experiment conducted by an ensemble.
0.5 The problem is that we're never given any reason to care one way or the other about the fate of the show or its performers.
0.3 It's Lindsay Lohan who appears relaxed rather than desperate to be funny.
1.0 A Prairie Home Companion is a sort of The Last Waltz meets Christopher Guest-ish, Robert Altman-steered mockmentary hootenanny!
0.75 The director's dreamy pacing perfectly captures the radio show's comforting, Sunday afternoon nostalgia.
0.875 you don't have to be a regular listener to enjoy the film. It's great enough on its own, minus that part where Lindsay Lohan sings and gives caterwauling a bad name.
0.7 the entire film is an inside joke: someone can explain it to you, but it will never be as fun as if you just... got it.
0.5 Without Keillor's monologue and the show's collective inclusion on the joke, the movie falls into a strange nostalgia for something that hardly anyone remembers, if it ever really existed at all.
0.6 A few homilies about death aside, the film has nothing more on its mind than telling some jokes and singing some songs.
0.8 A late, minor addition to the Robert Altman collection but a treasure all the same A Prairie Home Companion is more likely to inspire fondness than awe.
0.75 If one were to bring the sprawling program, which practically formulates nostalgia as a tangible commodity, to a movie screen, one couldn't hope for a better director than Robert Altman.
0.75 Although the film's tone, like the radio show, is droll and spry, Altman turns it into a thinly veiled meditation on death.
0.875 The shaggy Prairie Home has first-class distractions in the fine singing of its large cast and in the wryly amusing script by Garrison Keillor.
0.875 The match between writer/star Garrison Keillor and director Robert Altman is a remarkably fine fit, and the film has a sweet 'September Song' poignancy.
0.7 Altman fans should be right at home in this down home tribute to Keillor's long-running radio show.
0.75 Robert Altman adapts the radio to the screen, or the screen to the radio, in this affectionate, mortality-fixated salute to old-timey music, values and the timeless allure of Powdermilk biscuits.
0.8 It's been a very long time since any Robert Altman film has been as enjoyable as A Prairie Home Companion.
0.75 Altman's sidewinding tribute to a surprisingly hardy 32-year-old public radio phenomenon is like a 105-minute putter in the garden, with a few songs and some jokes. It's nice.
0.875 An unabashed love letter to the way things used to be.
1.0 A Prairie Home Companion is really about all those good things that must eventually come to an end: love, life, a good song -- and a grand movie such as this.
0.7 A meandering, breezy yarn, Robert Altman's unabashedly cornball adaptation accomplished something that few films have been able to pull off: it actually made me homesick.
0.625 Don't expect the biting satire of "Nashville," though. This movie is pretty much an inside job.
0.875 That Altman, Keillor, and the cast make that imagined time and place so congenial, and so easy for those who aren't familiar with the radio show to enter, is a compelling testimonial to the continuing artistic vitality of its two main creators.
0.625 Despite a folksy, low-key appeal, this movie is likely to primarily interest fans of Garrison Keillor's popular radio program.
0.5 I didn't laugh once, but I tapped my feet a lot to the rhythm of the captivating music.
0.8 A great way to discover what so many diehard fans have known for years.
0.8 The world's tallest shy comedian floats out of the radio with a power cast that even Altman is challenged to harness.
1.0 Altman's best film since the one-two punch of The Player and Short Cuts back in the early 1990s.
0.5 I never learned enough about any of the characters or their snippets of stories to care about anything they said or did.
0.75 A nutty, fictional ode-elegy to a show that's still going strong, A Prairie Home Companion offers a unique hybrid of a folksy American showman and an improvisatory impresario.
0.9 An amusing, evocative, endearing, nostalgic glimpse of down-home Americana.
1.0 A fine and funny entertainment that also gives us a keen sense of the impermanence of all creative endeavors and the fleeting nature of reality.
0.625 An uneven yarn of pregnant pauses punctuated by charm.
0.5 There's no plot per se, just a bunch of people yappin' on about old times...
0.875 For those, me included, who used to think of Keillor's radio program as tepid, self-indulgent, repetitive and flat, you might even call it a revelation. Take a swig of this moonshine. There's magic in it.
0.75 Altman's graceful camera, the movement of characters across the frame, and the overlapping voices collectively evoke a genial sense of place.
1.0 "Nobody's perfect" is the last line. Wilder, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe come pretty close.
1.0 Fifty-five years old and still a comedy masterpiece.
0.4 Everyone has a canonical classic which they just don't get. This one is mine.
1.0 Brilliant performances, wondrous comic timing and the greatest pay-off line ever written: this one's still red hot.
1.0 Here is one of those movies that persists beyond the implications of a mere time frame, resonating with audiences like a very fine wine.
1.0 Re-viewing Some Like It Hot is invariably a rewarding experience, not because it is a great comedy but because it is a great movie.
1.0 The preeminent comedy of anima...effervescent and breezily paced, from the car-chase opening to the big finish capped with one of the all-time-great punchlines. [Blu-ray]
1.0 One of the wildest romantic farces ever.
1.0 The film's final line is legendary, though I have a soft spot for Jerry's description of a sashaying Sugar: "Look at that! Look how she moves! That's just like Jell-O on springs!"
1.0 The Great American Comedy (if you discount the Marx Brothers).
1.0 This is a flawlessly scripted, superbly performed and endlessly witty comedy that deserves its place among the all-time greats.
0.9 It is, like Ms. Monroe, a beautiful thing.
1.0 The laughs never get old.
1.0 Wilder gave his audience credit for being as smart as he was, and, boy, they don't make 'em like that anymore, but they oughtta.
1.0 Nobody's Perfect, says Joe E. Brown after proposing to Jack Lemmon, but Billy Wilder came close with his racy, witty, much ahead of its time comedy about cross-dressing, impotence, and gender bender, with Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn Monroe in top form.
1.0 Only top ranked episodes of the Jerry Springer show provide more laughs and surprises from two con men made up to look like women.
1.0 Arguably the best American comedy.
1.0 A dazzling screwball that holds up decades later.
0.8 Very funny Billy Wilder film, but not as good as its legend.
0.75 ...more likely to elicit smiles and chuckles rather than full-fledged belly laughs.
1.0 This is one of the wildest farces ever filmed, but it has a lot of heart as well.
1.0 Manages to be a complete winner on every level.
0.625 Always manage[s] to spoil the fun with elaboration.
1.0 I wish I could watch it again for the first time.
1.0 One of the greatest comedies ever.
1.0 Wilder's wise-cracking, gender-bending farce is a perfectly pitched comedy of romance and masquerade
0.8 Some of the wittiest one-liners on film.
1.0 The American Film Institute voted it the number-one funniest movie of all time...an effervescent laugh riot with few equals.
0.9 You'll have a hard time finding a faster paced comedy, nor one that delivers it all so flawlessly.
0.8 Some Like It Hot does cool off considerably now and again, but Mr. Wilder and his carefree clowns keep it crackling and funny most of the time.
1.0 Wilder's 1959 comedy is one of the enduring treasures of the movies, a film of inspiration and meticulous craft.
1.0 Expands a one-joke premise with hysterical results, due in no small part to the contributions of the near-perfect ensemble, with each of the major characters shining like a perfect jewel.
0.7 It's easy and enjoyable, and that's all it needs to be.
0.625 This feminist film wins laurels for close attention to detail in a radical filmmaking effort.
0.8 The uninitiated should expect more passion than polish.
0.6 Situated at an unspecified future (that seems suspiciously like the present), Lizzie Borden's debut is neither a fatnasy nor an allegory, though it has an interesting feminist idea at its center.
0.4 The Kid From Brooklyn keeps stalling the plot to fit in another of the usual Goldwyn musical-comedy elements
0.6 Surprisingly pleasing Danny Kaye vehicle.
0.4 For Kaye fans only. It has some moments, but Kaye is an acquired taste and here the taste is somewhat sour.
0.75 a funny movie about the sexes that doesn't diminish either gender in its execution--a tougher task, obviously, than one would presume.
0.5 What Happens in Vegas has mediocre direction and a strained screenplay, so how can it be any good? What carries the film is its two stars. If Ashton Kutcher bothers you, you'll probably hate What Happens in Vegas. If Cameron Diaz leaves you
0.375 Another predictable romantic comedy, one that insists that spending time locked into an unhappy marriage doesn't breed contempt, but sows love. [Blu-ray]
0.6 The combined verve Diaz and Kutcher bring to the table saves a routine time-killer from being entirely forgettable.
0.4 I only wish they'd have spent more time drunk and in Vegas in the whole movie. Alas...
0.3 From seeing this movie and talking to several moviegoers, I discovered that there are two kinds of people: people who like Ashton Kutcher, and people who don't.
0.125 Should have stayed, not in Vegas, but elsewhere in the state of Nevada. How about those mountains where they are supposed to store the radioactive waste?
0.625 Both Kutcher and Diaz are in full-on desperation mode, straining in each scene to prove they can still be relevant, showing flashes of the charm that made them famous in the first place.
0.2 During the screening, I tried to come up with as many synonyms for the word "excruciating" as I could.
0.4 attempts nothing novel in its retelling of the couple who don't realize that they are perfect for each other, aside from positing an unsavory new popcorn topping
0.6 (Vegas) isn't a horrible film but it is not worth spending your money on to see in theatres.
0.4 ...one of those bird-brained contrivances that would be over in no time if any of the characters had a lick of sense...
0.6 Pleasantly forgettable.
0.5 It's a sure bet you'll realize "What Happens in Vegas" is a by-the-numbers romantice comedy within the first 15 minutes.
0.25 Like many Vegas weddings, this mean-spirited "romantic comedy" only makes sense if you're drunk.
0.5 ena Tzak Pot sta klise poy paradoksos leitoyrgei anapanteha apotelesmatika, kyrios hari stin yperballoysa karikatoyristiki apeikonisi ton haraktiron poy se stigmes ftanei to anegkefala ksekardistiko kai sti himeia toy zeygoys ton ermineyton
0.6 Hardly a massive gamble, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher play a safe romcom hand you can tolerate.
0.2 What happens in this seriously flawed would-be romantic comedy is Nothing Much.
0.5 It's less obnoxious than Fool's Gold, less forced than Made of Honor and less formulaic (well, by a sliver, anyway) than 27 Dresses.
0.25 What Happens in Vegas is a sorrow attempt at a romantic comedy. So let the saying stand What happens in Vegas, should stay in Vegas.
0.5 Ultimately, What Happens in Vegas resembles a drunken night in Sin City; when it's over, you don't really remember what happened except that it wasn't good.
0.7 Two fresh stars elevate the material into solid entertainment
0.6 Kutcher has talent and potential. It has been his misfortune to attach his star to people who aren't up to the quality of his talent. He has time to correct this, but the clock is ticking.
0.75 I can't recommend it as a must-see date night getaway, neither will I discourage audiences looking for a little bit of mindless rom-com fun. And given the likable nature of the film's two stars, this trip to "Vegas" coasts by on just enough charm to make
0.375 The colorful second bananas' bawdy badinage turns out to be a lot funnier than that of the co-stars who have little more to offer than their looks and sexual chemistry going for them.
0.625 Wants to be liked so badly it's afraid to do anything that might actually make you respect it in the morning. In that sense, it works. It's a 99-minute PG-13 airplane movie good for a few chuckles and another notch on Rob Corddry's widening comedy belt.
0.625 Kutcher and Diaz both make good with what they have, but they deserve better.
0.7 With likeable actors like Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz who aren't afraid to go over the top for comedy, What Happens in Vegas turned into a pretty good film.
0.25 Scream, scream, scream. When did writers get the idea that what audiences find really funny in comedies is screaming? A full-out assault on your senses, the film isn't just bad. It's painful.
0.625 What Happens in Vegas contains enough unbridled silliness to salvage its lowbrow high concept.
0.5 What Happens in Vegas refuses to take a gamble. Like a bleary-eyed gambler repeatedly tossing a pair of dice, it tiredly goes through the motions.
0.5 When a movie depends on supporting characters to tell the audience just how good the romantic leads are together, you know you're in trouble deep.
0.75 Here's a romantic comedy that is goofy, highly implausible, sometimes over the top, often in bad taste, and resolutely empty-headed. In short, it's the best example of its genre to appear on the screen this year.
0.25 What happens in Vegas is nobody has much fun.
0.375 We all know what happens in Vegas -- and we know, without having to watch it, what happens in this movie.
0.25 Considering that the title of the movie was conceived by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, it's not a huge surprise that What Happens in Vegas is stocked with product placement.
0.5 Directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox, who also wrote the excruciating The Wedding Date, this film often seems improvised, and not in a good way. Some setups go nowhere, and some jokes never get set up at all.
0.4 Screenwriter Dana Fox (the dreadful Wedding Date was hers) and director Tom Vaughan can't find much fun or romance in this. What Happens in Vegas ... offers none of the surprises that screen comedy so desperately needs.
0.375 It's called What Happens in Vegas, but it should have been called What Happens in Hollywood as it pretty much defines contrived studio comedy.
0.375 For an idea of the level of wit, several gags are built around the name 'Dick Banger'.
0.4 While Diaz and Kutcher make their cliched characters as likable as possible, you can bet on this: Any movie named after an already-stale ad campaign isn't likely to gamble on the unexpected.
0.75 By being a smidge smarter than the average date movie, it makes the first-time meeting, the battle of the sexes and the bumpy course of true love entertaining despite overfamiliarity.
0.375 What Happens in Vegas is about as bubbly as flat champagne. While aiming for an intoxicating blend of high-energy comedy, the romantic comedy's predictable story, and the lack of chemistry between stars Diaz and Kutcher, don't leave it withmuch of a kick.
0.5 The latest uptight chick/slacker dude romantic comedy is so formulaic, you could win big if you placed bets on what's going to happen next.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas feels oddly stilted yet desperate, as though its principals felt the need to overcompensate for the too-neat symmetry of opening scenes with over-the-top violence and bright orange tans.
0.5 It's a testament to how good casting can help a film and bad writing can hurt it even more.
0.4 None of this is anything we haven't seen countless times before in rom-com land, of course, and it would be giving the filmmakers way too much credit to say they have entertainingly tweaked a winning but cob-webbed formula.
0.75 The outcome of What Happens In Vegas is obvious, but the journey there is fun.
0.25 Who knew the title wasn't simply clever (inviting the rejoiner 'stays in Vegas') but a dire warning of a bad movie ahead?
0.625 Though likely not a film you'll remember a month after seeing it, it does hit most of the right notes for a good date flick.
0.25 When it was over I felt vaguely embarrassed. I wasn't just leaving a movie theater. I was taking a walk of shame.
0.5 The supporting players save What Happens in Vegas from rom-com infamy.
0.5 ...one can't help but wonder if there's anything of interest left to say within this increasingly stale genre.
0.5 I like to learn something every day. In this case I discovered a harsh truth. You can have slapstick without the comedy.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas is a clever concept lamely executed.
0.625 What Happens in Vegas . . . boasts the not inconsiderable appeal of good-looking people having a good time -- even while having a bad time.
0.4 Bland enough to make millions as culture edges closer to oblivion.
0.375 What Happens in Vegas should damn well have stayed in Vegas. Instead, the thing has leaked out as a movie that, one grey morning this week, swiped 100 minutes from my life.
0.2 Amid the bright lights, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher fail to generate even the faintest of erotic sparks.
0.25 not a complete lost cause, but no one tries to emerge from the icky goo known as mediocrity
0.2 The end result is easily the worst romantic comedy that you will find in theaters this weekend (or possibly this year) and yes, I am fully aware that "Made of Honor" is still playing.
0.25 Are you laughing yet? Are you moved by these incredible insights? Are you, most likely, looking for the exits?
0.3 I just don't know what to make of a scene in which a judge sentences two selfish jerks to "six months hard ... marriage," but I'm simply too old and too smart for material this insipid.
0.0 A distinctly awful cover version of 'I Want A New Drug' plays on the soundtrack and is a direct thought to the audience who is going to need something a lot stronger to make it through this unrelentless excuse for a romantic comedy.
0.4 As tepid romantic comedies go, they forgot to pack the fun. This one should have stayed in Vegas.
0.3 The battle for the human heart has official morphed from witty, sophisticated banter between star-crossed lovers to something akin to mixed martial arts.
0.4 'What Happens in Vegas' has a similar structure to 'Knocked Up,' only it has neither the unplanned pregnancy, nor the laughs.
0.375 So moronic it almost makes the recent mediocre Made of Honor seem sophisticated by comparison.
0.25 Despite the presence of some likable, funny people, it's a painfully unfunny romantic comedy that makes you dislike those same people intensely.
0.5 The film gives a transparent spin to the saying that whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but Diaz and Kutcher bring a surprising sweetness to their generic roles and the story's contrived situations.
0.3 What Happens in Vegas, one of those junky time-wasters that routinely pop up in movie theaters, won't make you laugh much or at all.
0.4 The overall sour tone and worn-out feel of the movie overwhelm any positive aspects.
0.375 So many things, small and large, erode any sense of fun here. The movie looks like crud -- like it, too, stayed up and drank all night.
0.4 Though a notch above Made of Honor on the tolerability scale, Vegas takes a shot at love with all the romantic know-how of Tila Tequila.
0.2 You can take what happens in Vegas, keep it in Vegas, and keep the rest of the us out of it.
0.4 What Happens in Vegas . . . should have stayed in Vegas. Or in New York, where most of this predictable, uninspired film takes place. Or in Hollywood, where such lamebrained ideas are hatched.
0.375 While watching insipid romantic comedies, I often cling to the comic supporting characters as my life preserver.
0.6 With a script that only barely hangs together by the skin of its teeth, this romantic comedy survives on the considerable charm of its terrific cast.
0.6 The plot is both feeble and ridiculous, but this still delivers more than its fair share of laughs, thanks to terrific comic performances from Kutcher, Diaz and supporting players Rob Corddry and Lake Bell.
0.6 While Diaz and Kutcher work through their stock repertoire of winsomeness, the second bananas steal the show.
0.6 Raunchy romantic comedy has a softer side, too.
0.6 This breezy confection should work well corralling it's target demo to come up triple 7s for Fox if the marketplace can handle yet another rom com.
0.625 Sadly, about the nicest thing I can say about What Happens in Vegas is that I didn't hate it -- although I suppose that's something.
0.5 Like Mr. and Mrs. Smith without the action or The Break-Up with less depth--if that's even possible...
0.6 As self-help comedy, the movie is no more overdetermined than its own highbrow counterpart, Happy-Go-Lucky.
0.6 It's a decent enough time-killer for Carrey fans and those after something light and non-taxing after a heavy Christmas Day feast.
0.9 I have to admit that it was pretty funny a lot of the time.
0.5 Mr. Carrey's performance is a return to the rubber-faced roles that dominated multiplexes in the mid- to late '90s, and that's not necessarily a good thing.
0.5 Yes Man is proof that reverse psychology works; No, it's not worth seeing because, no, it's not that funny.
0.8 The benefits of grounding comedy in reality are never-ending, and Yes Man takes advantage of most of them. Peyton Reed is officially one of my favorite comic directors.
0.625 [The] writers...pay lip service to the dark side of 'yes,' but don't do enough to explore what could have made the film more than a bouncy entertainment. [Blu-ray]
0.625 ...Jim Carrey's most entertaining comedy since 1997's Liar Liar...
0.5 I found myself having a few pleasant chuckles but still frustrated at the movie for not bothering with telling a story that hasn't already been told a million times before.
0.7 ...a pleasant surprise: a romantic comedy that is cute, amiable, and winning without being excessively tedious, saccharine, or gross.
0.625 we won't be awarding points for originality, but sometimes the familiar can be just fine
0.6 Sporadically funny, mostly amusing and harmless.
0.6 Peyton Reed peca por jamais conseguir definir o tom que pretende empregar.
0.7 The most even-keeled, pleasant and mainstream movie Jim Carrey has made in many a moon.
0.3 Numbingly predictable and not as filled with action as the misleading poster suggests.
0.6 It's charming enough with some nice comedy touches, but the initially intriguing premise is soon railroaded out of sight by its desire to conform to a tried-and-tested cinematic formula.
0.4 Put bluntly, don't be afraid to say 'no' to Yes Man.
0.4 It's a bland, high-concept comedy where the producers seem to have entered the spirit of the thing by saying yes to every random idea the writers came up with.
0.8 It's that rare thing - an example of Hollywood getting hold of a good idea, working on it... and not screwing it up.
0.0 This dreadful comedy starts from a rotten premise and goes downhill with a series of unfunny sketches, crass product placements and roles that degrade those who have ill-advisedly taken them.
0.8 Yes Man is a terrific feelgood comedy, with Jim Carrey in brilliant form.
0.4 Yes Man is not the edgy hit it so longs to be. When you look into the eyes of Stamp and the rest, what you see is embarrassed amusement. They said yes - to a big fat paycheque - and laughed all the way to the bank.
0.6 Likeable comedy that's enlivened by a strong premise, a handful of laugh-out-loud moments and a superb supporting cast.
0.4 Don't expect much more out of this film than what you have seen in Liar, Liar.
0.4 t's easy to wish that Jim Carrey had declined the chance to appear in this film that celebrates saying "Yes" to life's possibilities.
0.75 May not deliver the huge laughs one may expect, but there are a fair amount of chuckles and a whole lot of surprisingly effective sweetness.
0.6 Terence Stamp's cantankerous self-help guru is a movie high point, a subtly comic performance of contrasts between what is practised and preached. And if the film's not always funny, it certainly works as romance.
0.2 No, man.
0.4 The central theme of this rather over-egged comedy is strong enough to keep us interested. Although the film itself is far too corny
0.7 Carrey does not give his normal idiotically over-the-top performance. Buttressed by a good performance by Deschanel, this is yet another current film that pleasantly surprised me.
0.75 Reed takes on a fun, but not exactly brilliant screenplay and turns in a comedy funny enough to while away a couple of pleasant hours this holiday season.
0.6 Jim Carrey is still a very funny man but this movie is like deja vu all over again.
0.5 Either you're in the mood for some mid-nineties Jim Carrey comfort food that's high on sugar and low on content, or you're not. It's as simple as that.
0.5 Falls squarely into the category of seen-Carrey-do-this-before, and it's surprising how few laughs there are on his character's path to self-improvement.
0.625 Is Yes Man worth seeing? Yes ... but feel free to wait for the DVD.
0.75 There is nothing new or ambitious about Yes Man. It is intended to be a textbook Jim Carrey silly comedy, and honestly, that's just fine by me.
0.5 I had to give this movie two ratings. One of the scenes is simply briliant. The rest%u2026isn't.
0.5 Much of the time we are watching a middle-aged man hoping to recapture the glory of his youth. Yes Man is Carrey's cinematic substitute for a little red sports car.
0.5 Another dog of a comedy, lame even in comparison to what Carrey's done in the past, and its tiresome premise doesn't do much to help the matter.
0.75 Is Jim Carrey, in his first full-blown comedy in three years, still funny? ... Yes.
0.7 I won't say Yes to Yes Man or no. The best it gets is a definite maybe.
0.5 I can't blame anyone for saying no to Yes Man or at least waiting until it makes its way to your local video store.
0.625 [It] won't change your life, and may occasionally make you wince, but for those who want to go to the movies to escape... it does the trick.
0.7 It's not Shakespeare, but Yes Man is a very funny movie and provides one of the best escapes in theaters right now.
0.6 Carrey comedy breaks no new ground but draws ample laughs.
0.625 It's a small, nice return to form by Jim Carrey.
0.375 The first time I saw Yes Man, I thought the concept was getting kind of stale toward the end. As it turns out, that was only the trailer.
0.4 If you own the superior Liar Liar, you might as well stay home and watch it again. When Hollywood can't be both-ered to come up with new ideas, we have every right to just say no.
0.75 There are flat performances in the film, false situations and bad lines, but the laughs are there and the message about personal transformation is timeless.
0.625 Deschanel and Carrey have surprising chemistry. She can match him shtick for shtick, while Carrey draws from his Serious Actor skills to add warmth to the romance part of the story.
0.75 Yes Man is fine as far as Carrey comedies go, but it's even better as a love story that just happens to make you laugh.
0.5 Yes Man is a nice movie about the benefits and limits of approaching life with an upbeat attitude, but a comedy that was actually hilarious would've had the same effect -- and been a lot more entertaining.
0.625 What saves the movie, other than the occasional good laugh, is the charming work done by Carrey's co-star Zooey Deschanel.
0.625 Despite some brief vulgarity, this Carrey comedy has charm and -- surprise! -- a worthwhile message.
0.7 Yes, you should see this film because it was great to see Carrey back in his physical humor form and it brings some great laughs to the table.
0.2 Not far from that of Liar Liar, one of Mr. Carrey's biggest hits of the mid-'90s...That film was a philosophical tour de force compared with this one.
0.625 Given the gloom of this season's holiday releases it is positively cheering just to see a character turn his frown upside down.
0.5 If you're thinking 'yuck,' you're right.
0.375 This PG-13 rated film is perfectly appropriate for any 13-year-old who has served time in an adult prison.
0.25 The comedy, to the extent there is any, consists mainly of Carrey's verbal asides and strained reactions to people. The script gives him very little to work with.
0.625 Yes Man is a typical Carrey vehicle (schematically, it's a lot like Liar Liar), but it's better than most of them due to a top-notch supporting cast.
0.625 It's a fairly appealing romantic-comedy ending, mind you, and it's in keeping with the rest of the film: I enjoyed it, but I didn't buy it for a second.
0.5 Some of it is funny. Much of it isn't. The committee-written plot seems tired and recycled.
0.5 The movie itself is a comedic anachronism, out of step with this post-Judd Apatow world.
0.5 Yes Man puts him back in the same old quandary and, once again, Carrey lacks an identity. Alas, this time, he also lacks a script.
0.5 It's a lazy comedy that relies on crudity and on other easy, cheap humor and jokes rather than trying to do something that's actually clever.
0.5 It's a cynical attempt, ultimately, to make obnoxious people palatable by throwing them into a tub of romantic comedy.
0.6 With a premise far more promising than anything offered up onscreen, and a star treading water where once he tore **** up, Yes Man is a comedy in theory only.
0.5 If ever a movie mistook a premise for a plot, it's this one. Some films suffer from a surfeit of one-liners. This picture evaporates midway through because the story itself is a one-liner.
0.75 "Yes Man" is enjoyable because Carrey, after making his fateful decision, instills such childlike exuberance in his character, whether it is learning to pilot a plane, play the guitar or speak Korean.
0.625 When a girl who makes 'life happen' meets a guy who needs to 'embrace the possible' -- well, the result ought to be harder to swallow than this generally agreeable romantic comedy.
0.75 Yes Man starts out wobbly but ends up quite nicely, primarily because Carrey has a wonderful acting partner in Zooey Deschanel, the singer-actress with the saucer eyes and unpredictable, behind-the-beat comic timing.
0.5 It's banal and inane; Jim Carrey needs better projects.
1.0 A frolicsome spiritual comedy about a loser whose life is turned around when he opens himself up to a new world of possibilities by saying yes to what presents itself.
0.625 Yes Man rediscovers Jim Carrey's comic mojo ... but it won't be enough to restore him as King of Film Comedy.
0.6 Yes Man is a pleasant, albeit minor, surprise that actually harkens back to Carrey's glory days with a solid, satisfying comedy that aims to please and mostly hits its mark.
0.5 Much like the self-help guru it enables, it exists solely to get your money like a good little follower and then ask you to ignore the doubt that comes with having plunked down exorbitant theater prices for a barely average comedy.
0.4 An especially lame comedy with a premise so threadbare that it might have been deemed unsuitable for a Rob Schneider direct-to-video vehicle and an execution so tired and listless that it almost makes you yearn for the likes of "Ace Ventura II"
0.5 Great concept, but no one has any idea what to do with it once they've gotten there.
0.5 has its entertaining moments to make you giggle, but part of me feels a little sorry for Carrey
0.875 A film for our time, in the Frank Capra tradition.
0.3 the flimsiest comedic premise of Carrey's career
0.5 A movie about taking risks should not be this safe.
0.625 The combination of the familiar scenario and his broadly comic style seems stale.
0.5 A high-concept comedy that you can practically set your watch to. It's pleasant enough, yes, but it's also exceedingly predictable and the screenplay forces conflict upon the plot at the sacrifice of the characters' IQs.
0.4 Is Yes Man an entertaining Jim Carrey vehicle? No sirree.
0.5 Jim Carrey works the premise for all it's worth, but it doesn't allow him to bust loose and fly.
0.5 Yes Man proves utterly formulaic.
0.5 Yes Man is slight and only mildly entertaining, but it could be just the thing to set Carrey back on the right path.
0.75 There's also satisfaction in more of the same, and that's exactly what Carrey dishes out in this return to form.
0.6 A much better romance than comedy as the chemistry between Carrey and Deschanel makes Carl and Allison look like they're really cut out for each other.
0.8 It's these little moments of avoiding cliche that made me forgive Yes Man its occasional forays into the obvious.
0.75 ...another chance for Jim Carrey to unleash his inner anarchist - and I was surprised to realize how much I've missed the guy.
0.4 Could Jim Carrey Be Playing the One Loan Officer Who Sent Our Economy Into Ruin. Or is the Flick Just Bad?
0.2 remains firmly in the doldrums, taking its audience along with it
0.75 It's pleasant to watch something a little less intellectually taxing between all the would-be Oscar contenders. Yes Man is that movie -- undemanding, light, and enjoyable on its own terms.
0.6 It's an often engaging romance shot through with sweetness, a movie that hangs on a handful of simple, magical scenes.
0.7 Is Yes Man worth the trouble, then? Not to belabor the point, but yes.
0.5 That stink emanating from the vicinity of Yes Man is desperation.
0.625 A retread of much funnier films, "Yes Man" is another in a long string of comedies whose better scenes have come from better movies...
0.47 The saving grace that it's actually watchable and funny at times doesn't make its premise any less ridiculous or its execution less formulaic, it just means it's not a complete waste of time
0.7 Bobcat Goldthwait's God Bless America works well as a black comedy and as a satirical look at pop culture and human behavior.
0.5 It's an intriguing satirical idea, and it works very effectively in places, while being tremendously didactic and heavy-handed in others.
0.6 Enjoyable, over-the-top, and nowhere near as black as the premise sounds, God Bless America is essentially an extended comic op-ed piece.
0.7 If you can take that premise, I think you'll go along with the film and it's really, in its very weird way, quite funny.
0.6 It's not that you don't sympathise with the characters' sentiments it is, though, that you can't actually go along with their agenda.
0.3 Gory, unfunny satire that deserves a prize for the most strained provocation of the year.
0.6 God Bless America opens strong but finishes with a preachy bludgeoning.
0.8 ...any film that has the balls to show an incessantly crying baby being blown away with a shotgun will always, unequivocally, get my vote.
0.75 [Goldthwait's] shown he has a knack for writing films with strange lead characters whose morals you will question, but whose exploits you will want to follow to the end.
0.8 Murray and Barr make for winning platonic chemistry even when Frank suspects himself of impure thoughts. Goldthwait holds his nerve as the film shifts from ennui to malevolent gleefulness.
0.8 Embora nao seja engracado como acredita ser, a honestidade do roteiro em sua frustracao com a futilidade contemporanea e algo refrescante em meio a tantos projetos sem personalidade ou ponto de vista.
0.8 God Bless America is a modern-day parable... It's not always easy to watch, but it's got a lot to say. Just be prepared to have your worldview challenged.
0.625 There's something disingenuous about this being made by a filmmaker whose claim to fame was appearing in Police Academy 2, Hot to Trot and Shakes the Clown. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit that there's something cathartic about it.
0.8 A combination of blatant shock tactics and poignant, pin-sharp verbal tirades from its lead that are rendered darkly amusing, or you would cry with despair at the apparent truth.
0.6 The movie has the courage of its convictions all the way up to the closing credits.
0.8 It does take a sledgehammer to crack a walnut and eventually falls victim to the law of diminishing returns but it doesn't pull its punches and is often outrageously funny.
0.6 While the satire works at times the jokes wear thin and there are moments of really bad taste.
0.4 The satire feels hand-me-down and weak, and Goldthwait is firing blanks.
0.4 The new film's fire-power is too sloppy, too wide-spread; it barely scathes even the easy target of an American television talent show complete with Simon Cowell clone.
0.6 Goldthwait targets today's mixed-up and decidedly shallow celebrity culture with one of the sharpest scripts this year.
0.9 An excellent film that picks up where its predecessors left off, blazing trails for a new era of American satire. What it lacks in delicacy it makes up in energy, drive and hilarity.
0.6 An entertaining black comedy that takes some satisfying pot-shots at some very deserving targets, but the script quickly leaves itself with nowhere to go and the second half is disappointing.
0.7 Go for the spot-on rant about Diablo Cody, but stay for the chaotic, vital commentary on a noxious cultural milieu.
0.6 God Bless America is an angry film, with some good points and plenty of amusing satire, but it's ultimately bogged down by dull pacing and way too many rants and monologues.
0.2 Goldthwait shows a knack for pin-pointing the sulphurous hues within the kaleidoscopic rainbow of alienation and frustration, but has sadly failed to paint any of them black.
0.6 Its jubilant anarchism intermittently excites, there's a smattering of well-executed gags and the cathartic violence set to euphoric tunes offers some (extremely) bad taste satisfaction.
0.8 Sharp on the fallibility of human foibles and sometimes stingingly funny, too.
0.6 It's the kind of cuckoo premise that director Bobcat Goldthwait (World's Greatest Dad) excels at...
0.8 Like Kevin Smith's blistering Red State, this film scythes through the mindless degradation of the American media.
0.5 The problem with the film is that it starts at such a lethal pitch there is nowhere believable it can build toward.
0.7 Sometimes the truth isn't so fresh, but it's all we have.
0.6 Despite a pervasive one-dimensionality, its bold message is well-delivered -- and frankly, hard to debate.
0.5 It's about a terminally ill man who decides that if he is going to die, he is going to grab a gun and take a whole bunch of obnoxious people with him.
0.7 You'll laugh and be offended, but if you watch it and don't want to be part of the solution, you'll know which side of the line you're on.
0.4 [I[n a culture of outrage, where even non-events are peeled apart by an army of amateur and professional complainers, Goldthwait has missed the boat.
0.875 It's jawdroppingly hilarious! You'll laugh, but then will feel guilty for laughing. I love movies that make me uncomfortable. Remember how dark HEATHERS was? Well, this is 10 times darker!
0.71 A wonderfully sharp, funny film that fights tooth and nail against what is considered de rigueur behavior in modern life.
0.6 Star Joel Murray is SO good and Bobcat finds the sharp edge of his satirical gift often enough to warrant a look.
0.7 This is no simple wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy. It's an indictment of us as viewers and tacit supporters of the cultural trash heap.
0.875 The film features elaborate (and spot-on) parodies of mean-girl reality shows, YouTube nonsense and fatuous news reports but the people are thin and the plot meanders a bit.
0.6 This funny, sick twist of social satire is certainly locked and loaded, even if its aim is sometimes off.
0.5 The real problem is there's just not enough plot on which to hang the message that mean people suck.
0.3 Goldthwait presents an ironic dichotomy: In his fervor to rail against multiple examples of media missteps, the filmmaker unintentionally delivers a mistep of his own.
0.5 In this "Falling Down" of pop-cultural observation, Goldthwait forgets the thrill of the chase; he's more concerned with piercing verbal barbs than actual suspense.
0.75 A stark vision of American civilization crumbling amid a morass of loud, cacophonic nonsense.
0.7 Leave it to the guy whose first film was about an alcoholic, womanizing clown to make you question the morality of our world.
0.5 Mr. Goldthwait's screenplay is essentially a comedy act fleshed out with a story he doesn't try to make convincing.
0.25 Through it all, the film never comes up with a way to convince us Murray's behavior has any internal logic.
0.625 Goldthwait's ranting dialogue is stingingly funny and Murray and Barr are so agreeable you may find yourself rooting for "the bad guys."
0.4 Given that the movie starts out in such interesting fashion, it's hugely disappointing to see it devolve so lazily into a generic vigilante fantasy.
0.375 You can sympathize with Goldthwait's outrage here, even laugh at some of his jokes, and still wonder whether he's decrying the decline of our culture, or contributing to it.
0.45 An overly bleak film ready to write off the world and go down in a blaze of gunfire, both middle fingers raised.
0.7 Interesting, sometimes kind of fun but, ultimately, not as satisfying as it might have been.
0.75 "God Bless America" has a whole lotta "Taxi Driver" in it, and some "Network," and some "Heathers" (with Barr functioning as Christian Slater in the equation), and even some "Kick-Ass."
0.75 Disturbing and often very funny ... possesses a daring point of view connecting rude pop culture and citizens losing grip on common courtesy.
0.6 Goldthwait aims at a lot of easy targets. But he knocks them down without breaking much of a sweat, like a grown man punching bullies on the elementary school playground.
0.375 Broad, mean, with inconsistent political aims and uneven performances.
0.5 Here is a film that begins with merciless comic savagery and descends into merely merciless savagery. But wow, what an opening.
0.625 Who might have guessed that a mid-range comic whose heyday was in the late-'80s/early-'90s would turn out to have such a sharp, merciless vision as a filmmaker?
0.8 [It] turns in on its own morality like a Mobius strip, endorsing kindness by practicing slaughter, and pulls us along for the ride.
0.5 ...isn't as smart as it would like to think it is.
0.4 The movie is the kind of undercooked satire that might be mistaken for meaningful by the midnight-madness crowd; let's hope Goldthwait the stealth smartie returns posthaste.
0.75 A lot of what God Bless America has to say is on-target and is presented in such a straightforward, unvarnished fashion that it's impossible to miss the honesty beneath the comedy.
0.375 By wholeheartedly taking its main characters's side instead of complicating or censuring his homicidal vigilante crusade, it proves inanely one-note and preachy.
0.6 It isn't a bad movie, but it's a step back from the more daring material Goldthwait's been doing...
0.75 Murray and Barr have fun with the tart dialogue, and despite the flimsy premise and the derivativeness (Goldthwait lifts whole scenes of Taxi Driver), it might be Goldthwait's best film to date.
0.4 It never amounts to much more than a one-dimensional piece of revenge fantasy that isn't any better than the subjects it's satirizing.
0.75 We may be ready to crown Goldthwait as the modern Frank Capra for the America that we have created.
0.625 Easy to like but difficult to love...
0.7 God Bless America is exactly the kind of comedy we need. It's funny in an incredibly dark way, but it also turns a critical eye on the many problems within our society.
0.8 If you have any complaints about current American culture, this is a comedy for you.
0.5 There are only two reasons why anyone should see this comedy and those reasons belong to Jayne Mansfield.
0.75 Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
1.0 ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
0.8 Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
1.0 The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
0.9 the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
0.97 Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
0.8 Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
1.0 Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
0.8 Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
1.0 E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
0.6 While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
1.0 One of the great screen romances.
0.75 Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
0.9 The Birdcage grossed nearly $200 million worldwide in 1996, and that is significant. Box Office Mojo says it's the highest grossing queer film of all time, though they're not counting Frozen and 300, and they probably should.
0.8 Campy, comedic romp with lots of profanity.
0.7 Robin Williams plays off of a flaming Nathan Lane with delicious understatement and anchors a farce that moves along at a brisk pace-with or without heels.
0.7 At its core, it is about human relationships. They're extreme relationships, and they're cross-wired to get an electric reaction, but they're real characters nonetheless.
0.5 What might be a surprise, given the talents involved, is how relentlessly unfunny it is.
0.6 It undoubtedly remains a genial crowd pleaser. If the dress fits, wear it.
0.8 If you like to laugh and laugh hard, don't miss this one. It's a genuine hoot.
0.8 Broadly funny, with solid performances all around.
0.625 [Not] nearly as funny as it has been made out to be.
0.6 Pretty funny comedy from the days when Williams didn't feel he had to be either A. TOTALLY CHARMING or B. ABSOLUTELY EVIL.
0.6 It is not the Broadway classic, but it's ok. Just for fun.
0.7 Broad and fairly belabored, but Williams' ceaseless energy, Hackman's dry wit, and Azaria's insanity save the day.
0.5 A glossy miscalculation with Nathan Lane and Robin Williams.
0.375 This critic admired Robin Williams's performance as well as some of the minor actors, but found the film's depiction of gay people more insulting to them than funny.
0.5 The result is a nearly flavorless 118 minutes punctuated with a few hilarious scenes -- mostly owed to the physical comedy of stage actor Nathan Lane.
0.75 What makes Mike Nichols' version more than just a retread is good casting in the key roles, and a wicked screenplay by Elaine May, who keeps the original story but adds little zingers here and there.
0.875 One of those rare motion pictures with side-splitting laughs where the humor never stays dormant for long.
0.75 The interchanges and conversation are hilarious, and the comedy continues to build until the movie's implausible but humorous end.
0.6 This movie is THE definition of average. Not bad, but not good.
0.6 A bit of a letdown in some ways, The Birdcage nonetheless features some scene-stealing performances.
0.75 Far less plastic than most cross-dressing comedies.
0.8 It's a rare event when a remake of a film rivals the greatness of the original.
0.8 An American remake with plenty of new pizazz.
0.3 Just because a movie is made "campy" and "bad" on purpose, that doesn't automatically earn the flick some sort of Get Out of Jail Free card.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
1.0 Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
1.0 A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
0.2 The writing is so messy and aimless that when the film retrenches to generic kid flick mediocrity, it actually counts as a relief.
0.8 A high-flying dog tale for kids.
0.6 There's an air of acceptance throughout the film, but the movie never stops to stand at a pulpit and preach this message.
0.6 A basketball playing Golden Retriever shows his stuff on several high-school basketball courts.
0.5 Dull but harmless.
0.8 Edgy girl power fun. You go, girls!
1.0 A radiantly dopey Saturday-night escape hatch.
0.5 The film is the equivalent of the 'dumb blonde' of action movies. No plot? No problem. Smile pretty now.
0.7 The most fun movie of the year.
0.875 Charlie's Angels never slows down, and even when it's not delivering the thrills or a fun fight scene, it's being just plain funny.
0.75 Slick film fun like this doesn't come along very often.
0.4 Silly, unoriginal and lacking any socially redeeming value whatsoever.
0.8 For a movie that gets its inspiration from one of the cheesiest television shows of the extra-cheesy 1970s, Charlie's Angels is surprisingly cool.
0.6 This is the enjoyably dumb action movie that Mission Impossible could (and should) have been.
0.875 A real mess, but that's somehow what makes it so damn fun.
0.5 This wants to spoof macho action movies.... But lacking a coherent script to link the jokes, these Angels are left without a prayer.
0.8 A sassy, brassy, titillating bundle of joy, Charlie's Angels is as close to pure, unrepentant fun as any movie in years.
0.8 Es simplista y hasta boba. Pero quin rayos se fija en el guin cuando Cameron Diaz desborda encanto(s) en la pantalla?
0.6 Ha coisas melhores na televisao.
0.75 A speedy, ask-no-questions pop contrivance that, as long as it keeps sparkling and whirling, continually amuses.
0.7 In the end it's simply empty-headed fun, nothing more.
0.8 So stupid, so derivative, so ridiculous....SO WHAT?
0.625 There wasn't a moment during Charlie's Angels when I regretted seeing the movie. Afterwards, I felt like I had wasted two hours, but during, never.
0.8 These kickass Barbies bring heart to a machine-tooled genre.
0.2 A film whose slick editing and glib lines are absolutely no substitute for real drama and proper exchanges.
0.4 ...an extended music video...flaunting pretty girls, gaudy images, blaring noises, and nonstop activity.
0.75 "Charlie's Angels [is] even more retro-playful than a satiric time warp like The Brady Bunch Movie."
0.75 Al cine de accion le hacia falta un buen representante del genero femenino y en esta ocasion se presentan tres bellos angeles que cautivaran al espectador de cualquier edad
0.6 But I don't hate this movie. I actually kinda, sorta, marginally like this movie.
0.75 Simply devilishly hilarious. Don't be duped into thinking that "Bikinis and Karate" are all they have to offer
0.25 ...it might not be an overstatement to say that 'Charlie's Angels' actually lowers the paper-thin standard of TV-inspired movie productions a notch further.
0.25 It strains to be funny with unwelcome forced cheese that instantly hits the floor, in the midst of inappropriate music and nonsensical movements by the actors that launch themselves upon us through rapid fire cuts and gaudily bright photography.
0.5 Blood, vengeance and comedy don't make for a smooth mix in this attempt.
0.75 You'd have to be a hopeless curmudgeon not to be entertained on some juvenile level by this motion picture.
0.9 An unexpectedly entertaining blend of comedy and action.
0.8 Charlie's Angels manages to fulfill the middle-school-age fantasies of both boys and girls and to make it clear that it does not take itself too seriously.
0.76 If you are a fan of the television series, you will likely be thrilled. If not, you will have to be content with being entertained.
0.7 Yes, the new Charlie's Angels is silly, brain-dead and implausible. But this hip-chick Bond flick is also the most fun I've had at the movies this season.
1.0 Charlie, how did your Angels get down like that?
0.8 Thanks to a snappy pace, some exciting action and a joy-ridden cast, this film is too much fun to be overanalyzed and scrutinized under the microscope.
0.75 An immensely entertaining movie.
0.625 A film whose seductive glamour shots, over-the-top karate chops and never-ending tight spots play like a cross between the zany camaraderie of the Beatles in Help! and the high-tech martial arts barrage of The Matrix.
0.9 Amazingly, it all hangs together in a lightweight, sexy confection.
0.75 Enjoy this well done cheesy movie about a cheesy TV show.
0.6 McG makes an impressive feature film debut by mixing the retro feel of that 70's show with James Bond-style action, Matrix-style special effects, and a healthy dose of girl power.
0.8 The good news about Charlie's Angels: The gals are fab. And so's the movie.
0.75 A vast, sassy, action-packed improvement on the '70s TV show.
0.75 This Angels clearly rocks.
0.8 A campy, kitshy, funny, action-packed, bubblegum romp in the sand with three beautiful, sexy, smart women all playing like they know they're in on one of the funnest movies of the year!
0.7 Better to disengage the higher brain functions and enjoy the fleeting, disposable moments.
0.8 A film in which you just kick back and enjoy some high kicking gals wallop everything in sight.
0.7 It mostly flies across the screen with good-natured giddiness.
0.6 More often than not, it's a surprisingly fun mess.
0.875 A highly entertaining, funny, exciting, no-holds-barred, bubblegum triumph of the way to make a great action-comedy, as well as a rambunctious female empowerment fantasy.
0.7 Their mission? To have fun and entertain you.
0.6 This ain't art, but it ain't the kind of tediously predictable big-budget garbage you usually find at your multiplex, either.
0.5 Sure, it's easy on the eyes, but would a little brains be too much to ask?
0.125 Charlie's Angels is like the trailer for a video game movie, lacking only the video game, and the movie.
0.4 The end result is muddled, to say the least; visually stylish, sporadically entertaining, yet all-too-frequently painful.
0.3 Vapid and self-consciously kitschy, these gals are a 13-year-old boy's fantasy of a strong woman. This is Hollywood aiming T&A at little girls, but I wouldn't let any little girl I cared about see this film.
0.5 Jokey homage? Hong Kong action blowout? What's going on here?
0.4 They scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying, drunk sorority girls, the kind who hit on everybody at a party.
0.25 An utter debacle.
0.2 There's no style and precious little entertainment value.
0.7 This is not meant for the more discerning viewer.
0.6 So inconsequential that it starts evaporating from memory the minute it's over.
0.5 Though all this is fun and engaging in short bursts ... it wears thin and strains our patience when stretched to cover even this film's brief 92-minute length.
0.5 The most expensive cheesecake movie ever made.
0.625 The T&A in this film is truly amazing, as if Russ Meyer served as creative consultant. I lost count of how many times an Angel shakes out her hair in slow-mo like a Keeshond wicking rainwater from its pelt.
0.625 Getting the joke does not necessarily entail complete enjoyment of the picture, which grows equal parts fun and frustrating.
0.5 The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
0.5 The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never made more movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
0.5 The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
0.4 The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
0.4 Sporadically funny, but never more than a sting of crude gags.
0.5 Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
0.375 As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
0.5 Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial. And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
0.375 Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity left to assault.
0.5 A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
0.2 Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
0.0 Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
0.4 [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
0.25 Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
0.375 A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
0.25 Never consistently humorous.
0.1 Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
0.375 You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
0.375 You won't laugh hard at Spy Hard. And that's not because the jokes aren't funny. Most of them aren't even jokes.
0.3 Ugh.
0.875 As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
1.0 Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
1.0 Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
1.0 Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
1.0 Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
0.8 It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
1.0 Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
1.0 Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
1.0 Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
0.625 Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
0.4 I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
0.8 ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
1.0 All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
0.8 Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
1.0 The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
1.0 Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
1.0 They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
0.8 It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
0.8 Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
0.9 The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
1.0 Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
0.8 Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
0.4 Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
1.0 Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
1.0 Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
0.8 Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
1.0 Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
0.8 To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
1.0 A classic that deserves its iconic status, The Graduate is the cinematic equivalent of the Simon and Garfunkel songs that make up the soundtrack -- gently subversive, wistful, not explicitly political but still very much part of the countercultural '60s.
0.75 It is a good topical movie whose time has passed, leaving it stranded in an earlier age. I give it three stars out of delight for the material it contains; to watch it today is like opening a time capsule.
0.92 It's smart, witty, and troubling all at the same time.
1.0 Few movies have communicated with such dark hilarity all the anxiety and flamboyant misery of youthful sexual initiation
0.6 A truly enjoyable movie, with a truly wonderful ensemble
0.625 ...with this group of actors (including Sam Raimi, of all people, as a clumsy handyman) it's hard to ever really get bored.
0.8 Big Chill-ish camp reunion movie with some lovely performances.
0.4 If you like to go to weddings of humdrum people you don't know, you won't want to miss Indian Summer.
0.4 Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew.
0.375 A mish-mash of mediocre formulas.
0.75 This is a story more interested in tone and mood than in big plot points.
0.625 On the index of quirk, this winsome indie scores quite high.
0.625 Although Rohal's goal seems to be a rich character study, the movie works best as a celebration of small-town Americana that persists well into the 21st century.
0.7 Deliberately quirky almost to the point of distraction, this offbeat comedy is an enjoyably puzzling film.
0.7 An entertaining and visually exciting film. It has an oddly meandering pace that is riddled with quirky characters in weird situations.
0.625 An understated, surrealist comedy that is more successful at being weird than funny.
0.2 Let's hope Jack Palance took the money and ran.
0.6 Madcap tween story has cartoonish violence, some bullying.
0.5 By our quote-unquote standards of contemporary comedy, it plays as uneven at best and often just flattens out for long jokeless stretches.
0.5 Runs through its cliches reliably enough.
0.75 This film races with such high energy that the humor continues to satisfy, if only because the characters are so likeable.
0.8 Thanks to witty writing and excellent performances, Break Point turns out to be one of the funniest sports comedies that we've seen in years.
0.6 While the novelty wears thin as contrivances mount in the home stretch, there's enough fun, charisma and witty sight gags along the way to keep you on board.
0.5 What's missing is something to hold it all together: a sense of style, a consistent comic perspective, a leading man with charisma.
0.4 The best that can be said about it is that Kevin Kline is note perfect as the smarmy, scheming Chief Inspector Dreyfus and his undisguised contempt for Clouseau.
0.66 I hope nobody misunderstands when I say: Steve Martin, you are no Peter Sellers. And while I'm at it; Shawn Levy, you are no Blake Edwards.
0.25 Without a whit of subtlety, this tired retread induces nary a laugh, only groans of disbelief that we're expected to find such a sorry string of dumb puns, infantile farts, awful accents and endless pratfalls funny.
0.5 Perhaps it's time to admit that The Pink Panther series is ready for permanent retirement.
0.625 ...a slight yet sporadically hilarious update of the classic Peter Sellers/Blake Edwards film series.
0.6 For now, though it's a mixed blessing, this seems like the movie Martin deserves.
0.6 Ciente de que Peter Sellers e inimitavel como Closeau, Martin cria sua propria versao do personagem e, ainda que nao chegue perto de se igualar ao original, consegue gerar boas risadas.
0.6 A fun and animated return to film for one of cinema's favourite characters, and a treat for the generation that have never seen him before.
0.4 When it comes to humor, this Pink is extremely pale.
0.4 Martin's valiant performance, however hamstrung by Sellers' ghost, is mired in a silly, inane plot that keeps the movie firmly grounded.
0.4 The film has an extremely high gag rate - it's just a shame that so few of them actually work.
0.2 As for Martin, no matter how many he times he stumbles, fumbles, burns his balls or mispronounces the word hamburger, he never gets close to making the Clouseau persona his own.
0.6 This one will make you laugh early and often, and send you out of the theater in a cheerful mood. And, really, what more could you ask?
0.1 Animals, I imagine, have dreams with better narrative integrity.
0.0 One has to chalk up The Pink Panther to the good old traditions of Hollywood greed and chutzpah. Nothing this slapdash and badly executed is done for the love of movies.
0.7 Martin is charming as Clouseau and, after all the bad buzz leading up to release, I think Sony is actually going to have a hit on their hands.
0.6 Steve Martin was able to do what no one had done so far - follow in the footsteps of Peter Sellers.
0.6 I am a huge fan of Steve Martin and did like him as Clouseau. The film didn't live up to expectations, but his likeability did.
0.375 An uncomfortable attempt to tap into the essence of the classic Panther films while updating it for modern audiences who might not know Inspector Clouseau from Inspector Javert.
0.5 It's more than a little sad to see Steve Martin -- a talent who himself is incomparable -- attempt to imitate the inimitable Peter Sellers.
0.375 OK, I'm tired of being evasive about this so I'm just gong to own up to it: I never have been able to enjoy a "Pink Panther" movie.
0.5 The pain-and-destruction humor won't tickle everyone as pink as the cartoon character but still provides some good escapist fare.
0.5 Trying to fill some huge paw prints, Steve Martin won't make you forget Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau, but neither will he make you see red.
0.5 Martin plays Clouseau as a cartoon. We always are aware of the distance between the actor and the character, whereas with Sellers, Clouseau was a part of him.
0.5 it's sad to see [Martin] in a film that offers little other than stupid accents and broad pratfalls
0.2 Fails on so many levels that it's ... well, it's not funny.
0.3 Steve Martin humiliates himself in thie dreadful reincarnation of Inspector Jacques Clouseau. It's an acute embarrassment.
0.75 If you can divorce yourself from total allegiance to the original %u2013 or if you have no allegiance to the original - then this is an enjoyable movie with some real laughs courtesy of a modern day comic genius.
0.0 ...below average in every aspect except one: it -- like almost every other remake in recent memory -- is completely unnecessary.
0.5 ...only manages to conjure up our nostalgic appreciation for the late and great Peter Sellers--this flaccid farce doesn't look pretty in Pink the millionth time around.
0.625 While the flat site gags never quite disappear, they're offset by an equal number of bits that'll keep you in stitches. It's good (mostly clean) light fun.
0.6 While it's not up to the Sellers ones from the '60s and '70s, like the Sellers-less Curse of and Son of, it definitely has its moments.
0.57 Yet another sad milestone in the valley of Steve Martin's career.
0.25 Enough, already. It's time for an intervention. Steve Martin, you're no longer allowed to work with director Shawn Levy.
0.375 A ninety-minute movie containing two or three big laughs, another two or three small ones, and eighty surrounding minutes of lazy, misguided, laughless tripe.
0.25 For those who recall Sellers and the role he made famous, 'travesty' seems to be the right descriptor.
0.5 Through its admirably short 90-minute running time, The Pink Panther never made me laugh a single time, though Martin's clever wordplay yielded one or two chuckles.
0.1 The opening titles with Henry Mancini's wonderful theme played under them comprise the best of this film. Then the movie starts and the entertainment stops.
0.375 Bland, unfunny and filled with crude sight gags that can't touch Sellers at his laziest.
0.375 As if the curse of the Pink Panther wasn't dire enough, Martin's Clouseau is haunted by more than the ghost of Peter Sellers. He's also being trailed by the old Steve Martin.
0.375 It's time to let the Inspector rest in peace.
0.0 If The Pink Panther has any value at all, it's in the way its failure demonstrates the delicate nature of comedy, and the skill of other comedies by contrast.
0.375 By now, the panther has had a very long meow.
0.5 With so much resting on Martin, Pink Panther falls prey to the great equalizer of all star-over-substance comedies: the 45-minute mark.
0.75 Surprisingly lively and hilarious.
0.4 Brilliant Martin, an intellectual comic who started his career slumming in sophomoric slapstick, is entirely too uptight to be genius Sellers' greatest creation.
0.625 The film has its stumbling points, but it offers a sufficient amount of laughter.
0.5 You could wander into The Pink Panther for any 15-minute period, laugh a couple of times and leave without wondering for a moment how things will turn out.
0.25 Under his coat, the Panther must be pink with embarrassment.
0.625 Martin does a good job stumbling into Sellers' shoes, and it's all funny enough, depending on your tolerance for slapstick and odd accents.
0.25 Martin (who also co-wrote the screenplay) is so uninspired and dull in this witless movie, he almost -- almost -- makes you long for Adam Sandler.
0.5 Martin and Levy fail to convince us of Clouseau's belief in his own reality. We find ourselves watching Martin riffing on Sellers rather than a legitimate if ridiculous character.
0.5 Whatever franchise value the Pink Panther name may possess, it might be time to put the Clouseau character to rest.
0.5 Peter Sellers was Inspector Clouseau. Steve Martin is merely playing Clouseau. Big difference.
0.7 Steve Martin is no Peter Sellers, but he still makes a winning Inspector Clouseau.
0.2 It is almost impossible to overstate how much we hated this movie.
0.75 it doesn't stink. Au contraire: It's good. Maybe not a masterwork, but good enough to redeem the series and its intrepid, mustachioed twit.
0.5 The trouble is the movie has little to offer except Martin's set pieces, which feel off-the-cuff, and, even in the roughly one-in-four times they work, far too drawn out.
0.5 The Pink Panther, while hardly the disaster it might have been, renders the love as labored as the pronunciation.
0.5 To get any enjoyment out of The Pink Panther, you have to forget that Peter Sellers ever played Inspector Jacques Clouseau.
0.625 It's not quite on the high comedic plane of 'Do you have a license for that moon-key?' But AM-bourg-airs will do. Just ask the kids.
0.375 The writers and director Shawn Levy also misunderstand comic math: In their world, something that's funny once will be four times as funny if it's repeated over and over and over. Actually, the inverse is true.
0.5 There's a fair amount of laughs and a breezy feeling of joie de silliness, even if the finished product isn't good enough to warrant an ongoing series.
0.5 Well, at least Steve Martin's trying to be funny again.
0.35 Painful...truly awful.
0.25 The Pink Painther is more like it.
0.5 ... an hour and a half of an audio assault on your ears, as Steve Martin hams it up for all he's worth with the silliest accent in recent memory.
0.5 Martin's innate verbal panache is the only asset that shows any reliability here. [Blu-ray]
0.71 ...a symptom of Clouseauian hubris.
0.625 It doesn't quite work, particularly for those viewers who remember Sellers, in the same way no one but Sean Connery can ever 'really' be James Bond.
0.1 A movie clearly made for (and probably by) people of the retarded persuasion. If you enjoy it, odds are you're missing a chromosome. Or have an extra one, or something.
0.3 Martin, as we all know, has fine comic gifts, but he's doing a conscientious impersonation here.
0.0 I think I have laughed more at funerals, which is somewhat appropriate for this movie. The Pink Panther is a funeral for Steve Martin's dignity and soul.
0.2 If you think there's no possible way that anyone can actually stretch a leaky-fountain- pen-makes- shirt-messy joke for that long, well, dear reader, you are absolutely correct.
0.8 As in his early stand-up routines, we can feel superior to Steve Martin's immature, likable character while adoring him at the same time.
0.3 Steve Martin should have his SAG card revoked for even considering an attempt at filling Sellers' shoes
0.75 Even if you give Sellers the edge in facial expressions, Martin is his equal in mangled verbiage.
0.6 Martin's Clouseau is as clumsy and hapless as his predecessor and probably more innocent.
0.75 The Pink Panther does justice to the old Blake Edwards/Peter Sellers crime comedies -- it's almost as good as the best of those films, far better than the worst -- but doesn't depend on viewers being familiar with them.
0.2 The Pink Panther doesn't mess around. It goes south in a hurry.
0.625 We responded to Sellers' Clouseau because his foolishness and fakery echoed something deeply human as well as hilarious. We respond to Martin mostly because he's a funny guy in a silly mustache, cutting up and trying to make us laugh.
0.25 Alas, this joyless affair doesn't have a clou.
0.4 Despite a witty performance by Steve Martin, much of The Pink Panther feels like trying on old clothes that no longer fit.
0.375 At every moment in the movie, I was aware that Peter Sellers was Clouseau, and Steve Martin was not. I hadn't realized how thoroughly Sellers and Edwards had colonized my memory.
0.625 Martin deserves another case as Inspector Clouseau -- and we deserve a better movie.
0.625 Darned if it isn't pretty good. Martin is not as distinctive as Sellers, but not many people are watching those Sellers films these days and Martin knows the most important thing about this character: silliness.
0.375 Cheaper by the Dozen may have affirmed Levy's credentials as a director of domestic comedy, but he seems clueless with this sort of banana-peel shtick.
0.75 To say that Steve Martin does justice to the `Pink Panther' film series is not to say that you should drop everything and run out to see Martin's `The Pink Panther.'
0.5 Although it doesn't stand up to the originals, it's not half bad, thanks to a script that has moments of genuine wit.
0.375 A leaden rehash that, finally materializing after repeated delays, is all too symptomatic of star Steve Martin's mushy recent choices.
0.6 a mixed bag, but while the jokes misfire as often as they hit their target . . .when it works, it is very, very funny.
0.6 Steve plays the character as a sort of weird mix between Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell. It's funny, but he's not exactly our beloved Inspector.
0.8 Entertaining, creepily resonant political comedy.
0.625 Anyone who would be inherently interested in this kind of sendup is unlikely to be surprised by anything in this film -- overall it feels like a trifle, if an entertaining one.
1.0 Twisty and flat-out hilarious.
1.0 Feels tossed-off and casual in the best way.
0.875 I doubt it will age as well as Network, but it is close to that realm of brilliance.
0.5 Beyond a couple of hilarious zingers, its impact feels smug and minor.
0.8 Brilliantly scripted and acted to the point where even Barry Levinson's typically uninspired direction doesn't matter.
0.6 Very relevant not only for 1990s, but also for generations to come.
0.6 ...Fun, but not very believable.
0.875 A hilarious, acerbic political satire of a kind rarely seen on American screens.
0.4 O filme mostra um grupo de pessoas atuando para conseguir alcancar um objetivo sem que nenhuma barreira os impeca. E se nao ha conflito, qual e a motivacao do espectador?
0.75 Amusing as it is, Wag The Dog does what it purports to sat irize -- the bark is real but the teeth aren't.
0.875 makes the bold and cynical assertion that truth is completely unimportant--it's only what people believe to be true that matters
1.0 Veteran director Barry Levinson does a great job of keeping the energy level high.
0.5 Very little humour in this script, despite a few moments of cheeky cleverness.
1.0 This film hits so close to home that it kind of scared me, making me realize that a lot of what I've heard about politics may be as fabricated as the lies these characters make up.
0.625 With this cast, Dog could use a much bigger bite.
0.625 There is one real problem that affects the whole movie, and it is the ending.
0.75 Funny? Very. Original? Nah.
0.8 Especially recommended for the politically astute among you, it's a solid and smart comedy.
0.875 A wickedly funny political satire, that, while consistently tickling your funny bone, rings astoundingly true.
0.8 The funniest and most refreshingly irreverent black comedy to hit the screen in a long time.
0.81 Hoffman, De Niro and Heche all seem to have fun with David Mamet's screenplay, as do supporting players Denis Leary, William H. Macy and Willie Nelson.
1.0 Absurd and convincing at the same time.
0.875 The movie is intelligent, but it's also a lot of fun.
1.0 A dazzling, thought-provoking entertainment which alternately tickles you and slaps you in the face.
0.875 Here's a delightfully screwball satire that's as enjoyable as your favorite ice cream on a hot summer day. Slick and smooth.
0.875 The most ingenious and wicked political satire since Dr. Strangelove.
0.75 Between the laughs, there are moments that ring so true they can raise goosebumps.
0.8 The story is good, the comedy is goofy but still solid.
0.8 Prepare to laugh yourself silly, and let's all pray that the film is less true than it seems to be.
0.875 One belly laugh after another.
0.8 As a cautionary tale, Wag the Dog may find itself somewhat in the position of preaching to the converted, but the pews will radiate with the sounds of laughter.
1.0 Wag the Dog nonetheless makes a perfect bookend piece for Network.
0.8 Swift, hilarious and impossible to resist.
1.0 Howard Hawks's classic took the screwball cycle started by It Happened One Night to its dizzying, dazzling peak.
1.0 How sublime can movies get?
1.0 A perfect example of why directors (and even us brilliant professional critics) can often be completely in the dark about what works.
1.0 Classic screwball comedy stars Hepburn, Grant.
0.57 Grant plays the timid Dr. David Huxley with the proper restraint and tics.
0.8 Grant e Hepburn estabelecem uma otima dinamica e revelam um impecavel timing comico, mas nem mesmo o ritmo invejavel da narrativa consegue ocultar o fato de que algumas de suas principais gags envelheceram mal.
1.0 One of those movies that seems to improve upon repeat viewings.
0.75 If Hawks had a real gift it was the ability of moving things along.
0.4 There are many who make the argument that Bringing Up Baby is a forgotten treasure ... Don't believe a word of it.
0.9 Its purpose is only to delight, and it succeeds.
1.0 A textbook screwball comedy with lovably frantic chemistry between its Golden Age stars.
0.6 classic screwball comedy
1.0 The gold standard of screwball comedy.
0.8 One of the great screwball comedies of all time; wonderful patter; delightful performances by Hepburn and Grant. A true timeless winner.
1.0 Splendid screwball farce: You can't help but love this teaming
0.875 Much like "Singin' In The Rain," "Bringing Up Baby" maintains a level of energy that is almost impossible to achieve. The story, the dialogue and the acting move so fast that one cannot help but get caught up in this 90-minute joke
1.0 The classic screwball, with the classic leads. Freddie Prinze Jr. has a lot to learn.
0.6 Overrated classic comedy with good cast.
1.0 There were several great Screwball Comedies; this is (arguably) the best one.
1.0 The magic of Bringing Up Baby can hardly be confined to the period in which it was made.
1.0 Comedian Harold Lloyd called this the most perfectly constructed comedy he'd ever seen, and he was right.
1.0 A delightful piece of utter absurdity and one of director Hawks' most inspired lampoons of the battle between the sexes.
0.875 Reiser has given us a film that makes us laugh while contemplating the ways we understand and misunderstand those we love.
0.625 Moderately appealing.
0.5 The film is a little saccharine and never as moving as Reiser expected. I know Reiser loves his father, but I didn't need to pay to be told it.
0.7 The truth about this sweet, rather shambling little movie is somewhere between the gush and the criticism.
0.75 It's a slow enjoyable ride where you aren't asking "are we there yet?" all the way through it.
1.0 Before I saw this film, only one movie, Field of Dreams, had ever made me cry. Now there are two.
0.5 A lot of the humor is forced and unfunny.
0.625 [Falk turns] a stereotyped curmudgeon into a warm and winning character and the only reason to watch.
0.75 Reiser, a famous face from the long-running TV series Mad About You, here proves himself to be a skilful writer and actor for the big screen.
0.4 A straight-up case of really bad filmmaking, all mangled punchlines and sitcom setups and all of it too long in the telling.
0.625 Two men of very different generations coming to understand and appreciate each other makes for some fine moments. And that's just the actors.
0.625 Director Raymond De Felitta's clinical visual treatment renders the tone too cold.
0.125 If you've ever wondered what it would feel like to be trapped in a '36 Ford convertible for 47 years with a Yiddish theater version of Dr. Phil and the runaway bride, this is the movie for you.
0.625 This passable dramedy plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm with fart jokes.
0.6 If you're of a certain ethnic persuasion, this is a film for you!
0.5 It has all the bland, emotional heft of a Hallmark card.
0.5 Ultimately more cloying than poignant.
0.4 If you thought Mad About You was cloying and gaggingly cute, this could give you the dry heaves.
0.375 About as entertaining as the yearly family argument, without any of the holiday turkey to make it worthwhile.
0.6 If you leave The Thing About My Folks thinking about your own folks, consider the movie a success.
0.5 Reiser and Falk never stop yammering at each other, not when they're line-dancing, not when they're watching a baseball game, not when they should be trying to counter-steer their way out of the car accident they're in the midst of.
0.5 Reiser's meandering story could have used a more strongly cohesive presentation, and the dialogue could have been a lot sharper.
0.75 Reiser wrote the script specifically for Falk and himself, so it's not surprising that the actors bond with their characters. And that makes it easy for the viewers to bond with them.
0.5 Even Columbo couldn't solve the mystery of why it doesn't work to mix Sweet with a capital 'S' and flatulence.
0.625 The thing about Paul Reiser is, just when you think you can't stand another lame, vulgar, obvious scene he's written, he blindsides you with some real insight or character truth.
0.625 As it is, it's shamelessly manipulative shtick brightened by sharply drawn supporting performances.
0.4 The Thing About My Folks is Paul Reiser's return to playing Paul Reiser.
0.625 The movie belongs entirely to Falk's memorable Sam.
0.5 A talky therapy session of a comedy.
0.5 Despite some amusing and touching scenes, it is a bit too sitcom-like for its own good.
0.25 Flat and forgettable, it's a tiresome film barely held together by its plinky piano score, sophomoric flatulence jokes, and cloying greeting-card emotions.
0.5 ...not nearly enough of the film finds the proper balance between slapstick and sap.
0.625 While I resisted much of it, by its finale I was grateful for the trip, and even more grateful to Reiser, who enabled Falk and Dukakis to give the performances of their careers.
0.875 brings out the best in Falk and Reiser, especially Falk, who could be looking at another Academy Award nomination
0.4 The real problem with this Paul Reiser project is Reiser himself, who displays little talent for anchoring a feature film
0.5 While stocked with simple, earnest observations on love, relationships and family, the film's haphazard plotting and often discordant tone keep it from being anything more than an episodic collection of sentimental aphorisms.
0.75 The Thing About My Folks is a crowd-pleasing, tear-tugging film about relationships that should have wide appeal and widespread resonance.
0.375 This movie won't dent anyone's career. It's too 'eh' for that.
0.625 I can't recommend the movie, but I can be grateful that I saw it, for Falk.
0.125 Like Peter Falk's trifecta of farts, the movie stinks.
0.625 ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work.
0.8 A valentine from one director to a famous team of others.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it.
0.6 It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!).
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this?
0.6 An interesting interpretation but stick with the original.
0.375 A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes.
0.75 Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP.
0.5 A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches.
0.375 Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters.
0.5 A whimsical but fizzled experiment.
0.5 Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story.
0.5 What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle.
0.4 The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material.
0.25 It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess.
0.25 It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions.
0.8 It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that.
0.5 Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona.
0.2 The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip.
0.48 There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film.
0.6 The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation.
0.25 Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness.
0.75 For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust.
0.625 Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick.
0.5 There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere.
0.5 A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love.
0.5 Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself.
0.625 The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations.
0.6 That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure.
0.7 Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism.
0.4 Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing.
0.5 A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration.
0.8 So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies!
0.625 When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet?
0.4 This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors.
0.41 Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch.
0.3 an essence of by-mistake-80s-homage is the only thing keeping this movie at the crust of the rest of made for TV teen flicks
0.3 Stick It was not made for fat, bald guys in their mid-30s. So is it a big surprise that I didn't like the movie?
0.5 ...sample line of dialogue: "I'm so sure I'm practically deodorant!"
0.4 'This sport is a total joke!' fumes the spunky gymnast heroine of Stick It, a sentiment that will be shared by anyone who wastes their hard-earned on this silly teen comedy.
0.6 Missy Peregrym is a real find - she gives an energetic, funny and extremely physical performance, to the point where you feel exhausted just watching her.
0.4 The script fights well against the cliche-ridden plot but this is very average all round.
0.6 Snappy dialog and some prickly satire give it an edge most of these youthful romps lack.
0.2 This is a movie for fourteen-year-olds that feels like it's been written by one.
0.625 Stick It is an enjoyable kids' film with a tough group of gals who have an appreciation for gymnastics and claim that what they do is harder than being a Navy SEAL.
0.2 Bridges maintains his dignity as best he can, but Peregrym fails to convince, either as a teenager or as a gymnast.
0.4 Bendinger's film is a mess. That's really all there is to it.
0.6 Missy Peregrym is the second coming of Nancy McKeon (do I want to kiss her, or get her to change my oil?).
0.5 Comes unglued about two thirds of the way through
0.5 Bridges, as always, turns in dependable work as the hard-nosed coach Vickerman, but the character comes with a little too much backstory that neither advances the plot nor finds resolution.
0.625 Peregrym lands on her feet, even if the movie doesn't.
0.25 Halfway through, you'll be ready to tell the people behind this malnourished rubbish exactly where they can stick it.
0.6 This film is about as bitchy and mean spirited as you can and still have sweetness and light all around at the end.
0.75 "Stick It" is a movie full of attitude, eye candy and action.
0.875 This is no rah-rah spandex-strutting teen flick. It's a pointed human drama with plenty to say about the unfair, borderline child-abusive sport of gymnastics, with its archaic, dense scoring system.
0.0 hopes to distract us with several montages of scantily clad leotard wearing jail bait girls working out, dancing, performing their gymnastics routines and acting as sassy as possible. If you are under 18, YAY! If you are older, SHAME ON YOU!
0.625 I liked the passion with which the story argued its point about unfairness in gymnastic judging. But - and this is a big but - I didn't believe the plot twist that is used to make the point.
0.5 In Stick It attitude comes before all else. Attitude runs crazy -- cartwheeling, handspringing, bird-flipping attitude.
0.6 It would of course be irresponsible of me to say that all teenage girls will love this movie. But I can say, with some certainty, that more than a few twenty-five year old boys will like it.
0.5 There is a positive message in the film, often obscured by the bogus punk attitude.
0.75 Yes, we're in the world of elite gymnastics, and Jessica Bendinger's Stick It is an enjoyable exercise in girl power.
0.75 It's a credit to [writer/director] Bendinger's attention to the little details that make Stick It feel so unique and entertaining -- poking fun at elite-level child athletics while still respecting its young characters and their feelings.
0.625 Stick It has a clunky script, a game cast and swell bodies in motion. It would have been better if [director] Bendinger tried to tell it more than sell it.
0.625 Though the film's twist is an entertaining jolt to the standard sports story, its vision of integrity over points is executed with a surprising lack of finesse.
0.6 "Stick It" should serve competitive gymnastics in much the same way "Bring It On" celebrated cheerleading.
0.6 For what it is, this is a cut above the tween film genre.
0.5 Stick It can't stand up under too much scrutiny. It's cliched and contrived, but it does play well to its target audience of young females.
0.5 Unfortunately, [Jessica] Bendinger's directorial debut is far more formulaic [than Bring It On].
0.5 Stick It doesn't have an original bone in its buffed body. It's been molded from all the sports-as-salvation movies that Bring It On so adroitly spoofed.
0.5 Unfortunately, the Bring It On formula has already been imitated so many times that it's become tired.
0.625 Too lazy to perfect its own routine...[but] a surprisingly appealing vacation, from sense to sensibility.
0.5 If this sounds like an old ABC After-School Special, it certainly could be.
0.5 Stick It is a melodrama that doesn't know when to turn off the waterworks.
0.5 This started with a lower degree of difficulty and the execution had some flaws.
0.6 Three cheers for a feisty, break-all-the-rules heroine who is a bold innovator in the grueling world of competitive gymnastics.
0.25 the heroines' motto might as well be, "I am Airhead, hear me roar"... The derriere-level cameras ensure that Bendinger's female-empowerment fantasy features plenty of cheesecake.
0.75 ... a frothy girl-power manifesto so briskly paced, sharply written and infectiously entertaining that its deficiencies seem as insignificant as a lightly chipped fingernail.
0.75 Subversively funny ...
0.6 Writer-director Jessica Bendinger, an ex-model, veteran of Sex and the City and fun girl comedies, throws away more good lines than most teen comedies can muster.
0.8 A spry teenage comedy that gets everything right, Stick It takes the usual batch of underdogs, dirt bags, mean girls and bimbos and sends them somersaulting through happy cliches and unexpected invention.
0.25 Rarely is a sports movie so inept that it can't even make its central figure likable.
0.375 Stick It gets stuck deciding where it's going. Is it a) the story of a wayward teen who straightens up; b) a gymnastics version of Clueless; or c) just a way to blow 100 minutes? From the looks of it, the right answer may be 'c.'
0.75 Bendinger, who wrote for rock magazine Spin, has figured out a way to salute female competition and unity.
0.5 Stick It uses the story of a gymnast's comeback attempt as a backdrop for overwrought visual effects, music videos, sitcom dialogue and general pandering.
0.5 Stick It ends up as just another disposable teen movie.
0.625 It might not have anything to do with real life, but this screenwriter's version of how girls are alternately bitchy and touchy-feely is entertaining.
0.375 Stick It is shrill, unrepentantly lame and will surely disappoint any fan of gymnastics as Bendinger substitutes some kind of Olympic-sized political statement in place of a big, rousing finale.
0.375 It's appropriate that `Stick It' even has a title that sneers, for watching the movie is like spending an hour supervising detention.
0.4 We already have Bring It On, and it's on basic cable 17 times a day. We don't need another one, as it's already been brought.
0.5 Stick It may be tough to stick out unless you're a girl between the ages of 11 and 16.
0.25 Should go where the sun don't shine, all right, and that's at the bottom of DVD bargain bins.
0.4 The film strives for some type of a girl-empowerment message that equates trading one type of conformity for another with self-determination but muffs the dismount and stumbles on the landing. In other words, it fails to Stick It.
0.6 Stick It isn't groundbreaking material, but at least it keeps its balance.
0.5 Stick It suggests gymnasts use its title as a battle cry for what the coaches and judges should do with the pommel horse.
0.625 Stick It appears to be one kind of movie, but the kind of movie it actually is, is more original.
0.75 An indelicately titled but inventive, energetic fable about reconciling reality and roaring egos, it is a movie almost totally reliant on well-developed character, quick-witted repartee and mercurial relationships.
0.5 In terms of eye candy, Stick It is a feast. Unfortunately, the film is a famine in just about every other regard.
0.5 Where Bring It On found fans well outside its theoretical demographic, Stick It is unlikely to follow suit.
0.375 Stay away from this cliche-ridden script. ... Stay at home and watch gymnastics on ESPN instead.
0.5 Jessica Bendinger looks to do for gymnastics what her Bring It On did for cheerleading: namely, give a stereotypically girlie-girl activity some defiant, individualistic attitude.
0.6 Mini skirt girl power continues.
0.375 The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake. Or maybe a better word is shallow. This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
0.0 Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
1.0 Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
0.4 To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
0.1 This thing is pure garbage.
0.2 Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
0.6 [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
1.0 Full Throtle is full of fun.
0.125 If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
0.45 A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
0.8 That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
0.4 Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion. Nice outfits, though.
0.6 Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
0.625 A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
0.75 A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
0.4 E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
0.5 Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
0.5 By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
0.6 Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
0.75 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
0.5 Charlie's Angels was fun. For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
0.9 Do not go in here expecting "an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick. This is basically PG-13 porn. And it's a blast.
0.8 Just as much fun as the first one.
0.375 The term eye candy has never felt more apropos.
0.6 Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never quite clear where all his go is supposed to be going -- other than to the next set-piece.
0.75 Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
0.625 Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
0.5 It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part? It has absolutely no plot.
0.4 It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
0.75 Anyone going to this movie expecting substance, subtlety, or sophistication is barking up the wrong tree. Like its predecessor, the sequel simply asks you to surrender yourself to the fun.
0.625 Ladies, start your engines.
0.4 As pointless as a tap-dancing elephant.
0.125 Did we really need another Charlie's Angels movie?
0.5 The director calls himself 'McG,' and the movie has been edited to fit the attention span of those who think words of more than three letters are boring...
0.4 An incomprehensible furball of grungy kids running around screaming.
0.625 ...one of the most mindlessly enjoyable movies to crop up so far this summer.
0.7 I really enjoyed Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Oh, who am I kidding, my libido LOOOOOOOOVED this movie.
0.6 McG and company aren't making art here, they're doing a piece purely serving as escapist entertainment...
0.3 A less cohesive action-comedy than its predecessor, Full Throttle is instead a freewheeling collection of random action sequences strung together with little or no discernible rhyme or reason.
0.5 ...merely an act of sheer overkill...Full Throttle is just an excuse to deliver another random hyperactive fleshy fable and pass it off as a mainstream mega-snack.
0.5 Sorry, Charlie: Full Throttle stalls out in the clutch.
0.2 Citizen Kane for teenage boys. Still, it's better than the original.
0.125 ...a stagnant collage of scenes that assault the eyes, ears and mind without actually being very entertaining in the process.
0.625 This is a movie with less depth than a Maxim pictorial, but it's fun.
0.75 Unlike many of Hollywood's other recent action movies, McG seems to know how to handle his. He gives us a sense of clarity and speed, and only uses CGI at the edges of the frame instead of dead center where it gives itself away (see The Hulk).
0.375 Hard-sell and impersonal, the second Angels outing may be full throttle, but it's running on an empty tank.
0.5 The action is ridiculously overwrought, a state-of-the-art combination of CGI wizardry and Hong Kong-style wirework so removed from the laws of physical reality that it might as well be animated.
0.4 [A] seizure-inducing extreme fashion show.
0.75 Full Throttle is good, dumb fun.
0.625 The only thing missing from Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the joystick.
0.5 As a movie, it's a mess, but there's a loopy spirit to it that's infectious, and the giggly camaraderie of its heroines shines through, like sunlight over a junkyard.
0.5 This is something rare: a movie that insulates itself against its own rottenness by being lousy by design.
0.0 Meant to be a lark, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a dodo begging for extinction.
0.625 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a lot like going to a fast-food restaurant. You have no idea what you're eating, but it tastes good and that's all that counts.
0.6 Jam-packed with bikini-clad eye candy, loud music, louder explosions and enough action to appease any ADD audience.
0.625 Unlike other sequel's cramming the multiplexes, this one certainly won't bore you.
0.75 Gleefully airheaded and slick.
0.5 Sure, there's plenty of po-mo frolicking to '80s hits, and references are dropped to every cinematic nugget from Flashdance to Cape Fear. But the drawn-out action sequences show barely a trace of wit.
0.6 Most action flicks, even the wildest ones, try to get you to go along with their over-the-top contortions. But the action scenes in Full Throttle don't even attempt to be plausible. And that's just why they're so much fun.
0.5 An excuse for a spectacular series of costume and hair changes, not-so-spectacular stunts and a parade of pointless celebrity cameos.
0.75 As its own collection of Angels' Greatest Hits, Full Throttle winds up embracing the spirit of the original TV series, supplanting it and gleefully eviscerating it.
0.5 Twice as confusing.
0.75 The movie is a giant goof, and a good one, as long as you're in the mood to play along.
0.625 No noticeable difference from first incoherent effort.
0.5 Full Throttle is virtually identical to its predecessor, but with more of everything, good and bad.
0.8 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the full whopper of silliness on the big screen, a spoof of a spoof of a spoof that is pretty well plotless, not to mention gormless and feckless.
0.5 Full Throttle is silly in the extreme and works best for audiences who are as undiscerning as its creators.
0.5 Yeah, the gals sure seem to have a lot of fun working together, but they only share that glee with the audience on an intermittent basis.
0.75 Full Throttle is self-deprecating without being smug about it, a movie that knows how not only to make a joke but to take a joke.
0.5 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle could possibly be the single-dumbest movie in a summer that's already full of dim-witted fare of the Dumb and Dumberer variety.
0.625 The goodness of Full Throttle resides not in its being good but in the joyous spirit with which its stars go at playing Angels.
0.625 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a great time at the movies, to be sure, but it stands in the shadow of [a predecessor] that was more original, more satisfying, and somehow more complete.
0.625 Harmless, brainless, good-natured fun.
0.375 I bet John August, Cormac Wibberly and Marianne Wibberly couldn't begin to explain what happens in the script they wrote.
0.0 A loud, expensive mess of a movie with no real plot but a definite formula.
0.75 The movie's glee is contagious.
0.7 McG's hyperkinetic music video background must have come in handy with the editing.
0.0 The self-conscious silliness of the first Charlie's Angels has been overwhelmed here by a stifling smugness.
1.0 Thankfully, McG never permits the film to be crushed under its own weight.
0.4 Loud but listless, this sequel plays like coming attractions for a movie that never shows up.
0.5 The theme for the sequel is more: more over-the-top action, more puns, more Bosley shtick, and more gratuitous action to please the male audience...Too bad more stuff doesn't include more entertainment.
0.625 Undeniably, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is an enjoyably crazy ride--just make sure to leave your disbelief suspended at the door.
0.75 The intrigue in the plot is weak, but the action makes up for it.
0.6 Cameron, Drew and Lucy are still doing it for themselves in the sequel, and thankfully, the fun is still there.
0.625 This movie actually feels more like a sequel to the original television show than the one that came out 2 1/2 years ago.
0.4 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is like eating a bowl of Honeycomb drenched in Red Bull -- a dizzying mouthful of unabashed silliness that leads to an equally precipitous crash once the buzz wears off after the film's first hour.
0.4 Despite the fact that a group of gifted professionals created exactly the cinematic effects they were after, it's hard to take great pleasure in what's been achieved.
0.5 [The Angels'] spunky charms are the main -- nay, the only -- reason to see this hyperactive action-adventure farce.
0.6 It does what no other movie has done: it transforms a TV show into a cartoon. Not that this was such a challenge.
0.75 McG has made the very wise decision to leave any attachment to reality completely out of mind
0.375 An action movie so loud, stupid and unbelievable that it will alienate proud fans of loud, stupid and unbelievable action movies.
0.25 Watching Full Throttle is like being pummeled for two hours with a feather duster. It leaves no scars, but you do feel the pain.
0.625 Finds its groove but doesn't get out when it turns into a rut.
0.75 Full Throttle is a movie cut like a trailer -- and doesn't everyone say the trailers are better than the movies?
0.625 It is the summer movie as dumb fun, with an emphasis on both words.
0.5 Full Throttle simply turns up the volume and asks the Angels to take off their clothes more often.
0.125 What the picture represents, in a very real way, is the death of cinema.
0.5 As a whole, the movie is an irritating blend of little things that work and big things that don't.
0.5 Where the first film still managed to be fun and kooky, this one eventually grows tiresome.
0.5 There wasn't much story in the first installment, even less this time, and what's here doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.6 a flight of hard-body fantasy served up with a healthy dose of self-mockery
0.5 McG and his leading ladies captured something in a bottle [in the first film], and `Full Throttle' feels like they're trying to force that something back in.
0.0 This is not merely one of the worst films in recent memory but it could well go down as one of the worst things ever conceived by human hands.
0.5 The failure of Full Throttle is that McG and his stars have mistaken having a good time making a movie for making a good movie.
0.7 It's a big MTV video, but it's one of the good ones.
0.6 This is a fun movie that peeks at about the 45-minute mark.
0.5 ... sorry, Charlie, this crowded "Angels" episode plays more slick than shrewd.
0.85 Self-aware of its silliness and ridiculously entertaining! Perfect summer movie escapism.
0.25 Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is merely a preposterous, maximized manipulation of the original film's winning formula.
0.6 "The Einstein of Sex" has the look of a poorly made television drama, but don't let that distract you. Praunheim tells an important story and he tells it well.
0.4 Probably the worst of the Critters series (and that's saying something).
0.6 Just as good as its predecessor ... which was actually a pretty good time!
0.6 Almost as good as the first film, it's alone worth seeing for the return of Terrence Mann as the funniest intergalactic bounty hunter in the history of cinema.
0.6 Sempre o sujeito de bom carater, Fonda cativa o espectador - mas a ingenuidade excessiva do filme acaba datando a producao.
0.75 This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre, but so what? It's hilarious.
0.56 Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire.
0.25 The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras.
0.5 I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to.
0.4 Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad.
0.5 It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit.
0.4 [It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning.
0.375 A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original.
0.125 This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste.
0.25 Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy.
0.6 In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time.
0.2 There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status.
0.6 Its modest (if occasionally gross-out) stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines.
0.4 Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits.
0.2 When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire, Hell Baby's shoddy script is an unholy mystery.
0.625 The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt.
0.7 Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot, providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant's typical "immature" style.
0.7 It's genuinely funny, a condition all too rare in horror-comedies, comedies, and movies written by Lennon and Garant.
0.125 Marlon Wayans' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013.
0.4 For every joke that works- about ten fall flat.
0.75 It doesn't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show "The State," but funny is funny, and Hell Baby is very, very funny.
0.4 A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
0.5 If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
0.5 The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
0.625 Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
0.5 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
0.5 The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
0.8 The entire film has three repetitive jokes: Dewey cut his brother in half, Dewey can't smell, and he's going to take drugs. So it's kind of amazing how well the film works.
0.8 Throughout his entire acting career, John C. Reilly has always played second fiddle, and his choice in movies has never really allowed him to show off his comedic talents. That is, at least, until now.
0.6 ... starts out brilliantly playing with the tired tropes of musical biopics before utterly losing its way.
0.71 Awfully uneven, sometimes not funny at all, but John C. Reilly is so goofily sincere and Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow include enough comedic gems to make it worthwhile.
0.625 Walk Hard brings the funny and a keen observational sense
0.8 fantastic fun
0.6 Como satira as inumeras e formulaicas cinebiografias de musicos celebres, o filme funciona maravilhosamente bem. Pena que recaia com tanta frequencia na parodia, que peca por um exagero que embaracaria ate mesmo o trio Zucker-Abraham-Zucker.
0.8 Walk Hard is not making a mockery of the music or the musicians. It only playfully takes the teases the filmmakers and the conventions that have developed in telling these tortured artists' stories. It's only Matinee price because it is occasionally a l
0.75 You'll laugh hard during "Walk Hard."
0.6 This biopic rocks - well, the first half does.
0.8 Another comedy winner; if you have to ask why, it's because it involves the Knocked Up guy. Hilarious - even the Beatles bit, this looks set to be a hit.
0.4 Some laughs, but you expect more from Apatow.
0.4 A dismal indulgence.
0.5 Knocked up hurriedly, you feel, in between Apatow's other projects, Walk Hard is the feted writer-producer's first fumble. As Spinal Tap's Nigel Tufnel might have put it, this one only goes to two-and-a-half.
0.8 Reilly, one of our best supporting actors graduating to star status, finally bound for glory.
0.5 The one area where 'Walk Hard' does manage to hold its own against classics of the genre such as 'This is Spinal Tap' or 'Sweet and Lowdown' is the music, all of which is expertly written and performed.
0.6 John C Reilly just about holds together a funny but patchy comedy that puts a ten-megaton bomb under the cliched rock biopic - and never detonates it.
0.75 The musical biopic gets a much-needed smackdown in the fitfully hilarious Walk Hard
0.75 The latest from the Apatow comedy factory abandons the relative realism of 'Knocked Up' and 'Superbad' for Mad Magazine-esque, 'Airplane!'-style spoofery...
0.875 ...this is the best batch of songs written for a comedy since Paul Williams penned the tunes for "Ishtar."
0.625 There are certainly a lot of laugh-out-loud moments, which is more than can be said about a lot of alleged comedies.
0.625 Reilly is recklessly funny.
0.75 Cox rocks.
0.6 Raunchy biopic parody isn't for younger teens.
0.375 It's afraid to leave its comfort zone, and its primary joke wears thin in a hurry.
0.25 Paul Rudd stole this performance in the Beatles sequence and had to be one of his best comical pieces to date. The only reason I could recommend this film is to see this scene.
0.875 This one pokes some fun at the conventions of the musical biopic genre instead of just replicating famous scenes from other films, and that's a much more satisfying way to go because it actually has a perspective on the topic.
0.8 This is a glorious tribute to the Shape-Shifter, a film that captures all the cliches of the musical biopic, then rises above them.
0.625 Walk Hard is the kind of movie that you want to love and not just like, but liking it is good enough.
0.6 Is Walk Hard funny? Sure; very much so, in places. At least I think it is. It might just be the Date Movie talking.
0.875 [It] restores the good reputation to the genre spoof, which has been so long sullied by juvenile garbage like Scary Movie.
0.75 Reilly is fantastic, the music is right on, and the commentary is obnoxiously accurate, so while Walk Hard may not go to 11, it's definitely worth a seven or an eight.
0.6 ...an off-and-on thing...But it's on more than off...
1.0 With a fearless sense of silliness and a savage swipe at the conventions of the genre, it forges a brilliant parody that is relentlessly funny and musically acute
0.7 Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story may have its share of flat spots, but it's also a very canny send-up of the tried-and-true genre of showbiz biopics.
0.625 Walk Hard doesn't know when to quit.
0.8 After 'Superbad' and 'Knocked Up', Judd Apatow has now pulled off the movie equivalent of the Triple Crown.
0.6 When they run out of clever ways to be funny, they fall back on their old standbys: crude, rude, nude, and lewd, which just shows that they didn't have enough material.
0.625 In a season filled with so many feel-bad movies, don't underestimate the appeal of something as silly as Walk Hard.
0.75 There are a few too many lazy jokes played off Dewey's last name, but not nearly enough to wipe that grin off your face.
0.875 The comic brilliance of Walk Hard is so ingrained in its subject matter that it probably won't be appreciated until years after the fact.
0.625 At least it's not as bad as it could have been.
0.625 In a season loaded with serious films about war and loss, there's bound to be an audience out there looking for some undemanding holiday laughs.
0.75 This smart new spoof works because its makers...obviously love the genre they have so much fun sending up.
0.75 Instead of sending everything over the top at high energy, like Top Secret or Airplane!, they allow Reilly to more or less actually play the character, so that, against all expectations, some scenes actually approach real sentiment.
0.8 Jake Kasdan and Judd Apatow lampoon the entire genre of the true-story biographical movies and fall nothing short of brilliant all the while.
0.75 It's the Flintstones vitamin of spoofs.
0.75 The songs (written by a slew of artists, including Reilly, Apatow, and Kasdan) are genuine, ridiculous, and often very funny.
0.45 The result is a film that has a few winning and entertaining moments, but ultimately feels like a Will Ferrell comedy and/or a 'Saturday Night Live' skit that managed to grow out of control
0.75 If only for the music numbers, this movie deserves a standing ovation. Much of the credit goes to John C. Reilly, an actor with a rubbery face and the voice of an angel.
0.375 Very funny when focused on being a parody, but goes for the cheap laughs and shock jokes too often
0.8 It may be utter nonsense from start to finish but at a time when your moviegoing choices are limited to deeply serious Oscar bait and silly family froth, its appearance comes as a raunchy relief.
0.8 This gleeful skewering of American popular music works because of the talents of director Jake Kasdan and a cast led by John C. Reilly.
0.8 At very best, someone will recognize the good work here by the star of the show, John C. Reilly... What's taking so long? Give the man an award already!
0.5 So is it a satire or a spoof?
0.75 A sharp parody worthy of MAD Magazine. [It] runs through every tired showbiz biopic plot point with a shiny new skewer.
0.5 ...almost entirely devoid of elements designed to hold the viewer's interest.
0.8 One of the awards season's silliest -- and most satisfying -- surprises.
0.6 Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story has a good beat and you can dance to it, though mostly you'll probably just tap your foot.
0.625 Reilly is likably goofy, which goes a long way to redeeming the film.
0.7 A movie you can simply walk out of, say 'That was really funny,' and go back to your day.
0.625 While "Walk Hard" makes for a fine soundtrack, it's less entertaining as a movie.
0.75 A bawdy, rib-tickling, anything-goes spoof of such recent music biopics as Ray and Walk the Line, and here's the kicker--it's actually a better movie than both of those.
0.625 [An] erratic, but enjoyable goof from the Judd Apatow hit-making machine.
0.5 An SNL sketch may have been a better vehicle for such a spoof. On the big screen, it ends up having a film life of its own becoming a music bio pic in order to sustain.
0.7 John C. Reilly is not anyone's idea of a leading man (which is part of the spoof, people).
0.75 Walk Hard is 100 minutes of fun, and for pure, uncomplicated enjoyment, it's the movie to see right now.
0.9 Reilly, imitating early Beatles, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan and Brian Wilson, shows more range than ever in the role that should catapult him into the A-list.
0.375 There's a laziness to the entire affair, as if the writers never went further than a first draft and never found anything unfunny enough to trim or remove.
0.75 Milks the pat formulations of its brethren, such as Walk the Line, for all the laughs they're worth. And then some.
0.8 It's the role of a lifetime for Reilly, who plays Cox from a teenager to an old man (older actors playing kids are a running joke).
0.8 Never stops sprinting from its snickering start to that big finish.
0.75 That the picture walks and sometimes crosses the line into the products it parodies is a measure of its zealous thoroughness and also its central pitfall.
1.0 Rolls out a procession of one-liners, toe-tappingly hilarious songs, stunning sight gags and dead-on parodies, all with tear-inducing humor, providing an easy ride to comic bliss.
0.875 Reilly has an absolute sincerity - especially in the many musical numbers - that's essential for something this goofy.
0.5 That savory mix of satire and sentiment that worked well in Apatow's two summer hits is largely missing here.
0.625 Walk Hard is a disposable film that offers its share of small pleasures and amusements.
0.875 The songs are as great as the story is cute and imaginative.
0.75 Raunchy, often hysterical parody of overplayed musical biopics ironically sags just when its targets do but hits several right notes thanks to the sturdy presence of John C. Reilly as a none-too-subtle riff on the Man in Black.
0.8 A rambunctious and funny musical spoof of musical biopics starring John C. Reilly.
0.8 The genius of Jake Kasdan's fourth and best film lies in the fact that it starts out as a very faithful spoof of Walk the Line but then slowly evolves into something much cooler.
0.625 The film gets some mileage out of mocking fatuous biopic conventions.
0.8 Making parodies can be easy, but Kasdan, Apatow and their wonderful cast take their jobs seriously.
0.8 Cox rocks and Apatow's streak continues in this spot-on biopic parody.
0.625 The tricky thing about parody movies is that the jokes get old fast and they're hit-and-miss. Walk Hard is guilty on both counts. How lucky that when the jokes do hit, they kick major ass.
0.75 Hey, bay-buh! There's a whole lot of funny goin' on in Walk Hard. It's got sex and drugs and Elvis and giraffes and Members Only jackets.
0.8 The pugnacious John C. is gifted and knows no bounds. Walking hard, for him... effortless.
0.25 Really awful. Unwatchably awful. As in, "Give it the Razzie now and be done with it" awful.
0.2 Forget the title. "Accidental Release" is more like it.
0.5 Accidental Love did not have a smooth production process, and it shows in the stitched-together final product.
0.0 So flimsily constructed that it resembles a middle-school play that's been hastily filmed on an antique camcorder.
0.4 Dark comedy about brain injury falls flat; some sexy stuff.
0.5 Accidental Love appears to have hints of David O. Russell's original social commentary, but the film wastes its potential on annoying slapstick set pieces.
0.5 For a certain type of viewer, though, rooting through Accidental Love seeking tattered remnants of Nailed has a masochistic appeal of its own.
0.8 Mazursky was lucky to get four such excellent performers working on his project, for the movie lives and dies based on their ability to quietly suggest the inner workings of a human mind.
1.0 The genius of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice is that it understands the peculiar nature of the moral crisis for Americans in this age group, and understands that the way to consider it is in a comedy.
0.4 Oh so hip then.Oh so dull now.
0.6 Love this campy retro-stuff!
0.8 Top-notch vampire story and newspaper comedy that spawned a top-notch sequel and series.
0.8 One of the scarier made-for-TV movies.
0.75 A funnier-than-expected, thrillingly accurate assessment of what makes a night out in Los Angeles such a nightmare.
1.0 Never has party life in Los Angeles been better represented and The Boys and Girls Guide to Getting Down is definitely one of the best party movies ever.
1.0 great products of animation
1.0 Wallace & Gromit have become icons of animation.
1.0 Grand clay-mation. Animator Nick Park is brilliantly funny.
0.4 Enough sequels, please!
0.6 As far as sequels to mediocre movies go, this one's okay.
0.4 Another forced and charmless sequel spawned from a surprisingly fun flick.
0.6 The characters are as compelling as you will see in anything else. Banksy is his own antihero of the film, and Guetta is fascinating to watch in his obsessive glory.
0.875 Banksy exposes the con-job that is modern art for what it is.
0.71 Just as clever as the work of Sasha Baron Cohen, but not nearly as culturally worthwhile because it is not nearly as politically candid.
0.375 An irritatingly misguided and pointless piece of work...
1.0 Those tricky questions that lie in the chasm between art and commerce are raised naturally through the progression of the narrative, whether that narrative is partially fabricated or not.
0.6 Curious docu about street artists with some strong language.
0.875 The behind-the-scenes insight into the techniques of illegal street art is fascinating, as is the art-market critique..
0.8 Illustrates how our insistence and abilities in judging and evaluating art are often arbitrary, contradictory, and idiotic.
0.9 After all those debates about the meaning of art ... [who] would have thought that the best and most incisive comments on the argument would have come from street-punk Banksy?
0.8 Regardless of its motives, Gift Shop is a superb work, one that demands the audience ask questions that don't always go down easily...
0.8 A strange oxymoron of a film, like a straight-faced Spinal Tap or a Man On Wire for liars.
0.875 The street artist known as Banksy is witty, he's smart, he's subversive -- and he's compelling. So it stands to reason that the street-art doc he ostensibly hijacked would be all those things, too.
0.9 The plain fact is that, on some level, it doesn't matter whether the film is true or not. Either way, it's fascinating. Either way, we learn a lot. Either way, it's a great film.
0.875 A provocative and absorbing exploration of what constitutes art, the creative process and the power of hype to triumph over talent.
1.0 Either way [as documentary or hoax], the movie speaks the truth about the phoniness and self-adulation of the art world %u2014 which makes it not only fascinating but essential.
1.0 The only thing that may keep "Exit Through the Gift Shop" from winning the Oscar next year for best documentary is that it may be totally untrue. Aside from that, it's a shoo-in.
0.7 Exit Through the Gift Shop is an exhilarating and bewildering experience but like the transient art form that it is expressing, that's sort of the point.
0.875 Is Exit Through the Gift Shop a real documentary or an expert hoax? Does it really matter as long as you're laughing and thinking?
0.8 Is Banksy's film the next great thing in documentary filmmaking? Or are we all on the business end of an admittedly pretty good joke? You decide.
0.9 Be it documentary or mockumentary, art of graffiti, there's no denying that Exit Through the Gift Shop is damn good cinema.
0.7 ...offers 90 minutes of pretty good entertainment. The fact that it may well be just one more stunt by an artist known for stunts doesn't detract in the least from the enjoyment.
0.8 It's endlessly arguable and open for debate. At the very least, we can all agree that Banksy has found a new wall on which to plaster his art -- that of the silver screen.
0.75 Is he playing us? You bet. And quite beautifully. What's exquisite about this romp of a film is figuring out just how much of a mug he's making of us.
0.875 As the documentary morphs into a riddle about art in the marketplace, the eyes of the beholder get crossed, and the dizziness is part of the fun.
1.0 Real or manufactured, Banksy's film is a triumphant deconstruction of the commercial bastardization of art.
0.8 It's a cynical statement, but a statement nonetheless.
0.9 Like Banksy's best street work, it pushes and prods our gullibility buttons and sends the mind swirling with questions of artistic authenticity and intent.
0.9 Even if you are not a fan of street art, this documentary will make you both laugh and teach you that original film making is still out there!
0.75 Exit Through the Gift Shop offers an absorbing glimpse of a bracingly subversive slice of the culture, as well as some tantalizing images of Banksy at work.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop is inspiring, subversive and thrilling.
0.875 Exit Through the Gift Shop, credited as "A Banksy Film," poses some bitingly funny questions about the meaning and value of art. Is it in the eye of the beholder? Is it truth plus beauty? Anything you can get away with? Brainwashing?
0.8 Questions abound, but regardless of the verisimilitude of the film, it is highly entertaining.
0.875 The brilliantly untrustworthy documentary Exit Through the Gift Shop reminds us that a film can start out in one direction and then change course so radically, it becomes an act of provocation unto itself.
0.875 The widespread speculation that Exit Through the Gift Shop is a hoax only adds to its fascination.
0.875 This initiates a role reversal in which documentarian becomes artist and vice versa.
1.0 One of the best, most karmically satisfying comedies of the year, much to the chagrin of the people who are in it.
0.75 Appearing hooded and shrouded in silhouette, his voice electronically altered, Banksy allows that his protege's art might be "a bit of a joke." Could the tale of Guetta -- now known as Mr. Brainwash -- be an elaborate hoax? I'm happy not to be sure.
0.9 Here comes a rich smell drawn from a load of bullsh-t.
0.8 Exit could be a new subgenre: the prankumentary.
0.8 With the release of this wild new documentary, "Exit Through the Gift Shop," you have to wonder how much longer Banksy can remain an art-world phantom.
0.75 The picture adapts a provocative conceit, one that melds its formal construction with the ideas at its core.
0.75 Banksy makes an appealing narrator with a deft grasp of the questions raised.
0.75 A documentary on the art world may strike you as a yawn. No worries. You'll be laughing helplessly at this one.
0.8 Highly entertaining.
0.8 It's a colorful cocktail of subversiveness, self-seriousness, wonder, horror and joy.
0.875 We don't learn that much about Banksy, other than he's a lot more meticulous than his street warrior image would suggest.
0.8 The truth is often slippery, although no amount of signage should stop us from seeking it.
0.8 As entertaining as it is hard to believe.
0.921 A wildly entertaining, funny, suspenseful and invigorating documentary regardless of whether you're a fan of street art or not.
0.8 For the more you think about this unusual film, the more fascinating it becomes culturally and sociologically, dealing with notions of mania and obsession, art and commerce, hype and quality.
1.0 That rarest of art documentaries, one that actually leaves viewers with a better sense of the gifted versus the phony. In several senses, Banksy has created a monster.
0.9 A funny and fascinating look at an underground art movement, and how easy it is for someone with questionable amounts of talent to suddenly become a star.
0.75 When it comes to what Exit is selling, buyers beware.
1.0 It's very funny and offers an amusing take-down of the pretentiousness of the art world and the way that it can be corrupted and co-opted by big money.
0.8 It's a great insight into how Banksy and his ilk operate.
0.8 This is a deadpan-rollicking film, helped by fizzy editing and funky visuals.
0.8 This is splendid stuff, directed with verve and humour by Banksy who - aghast at Guetta's artistic triumph -- announces he will never make another art film. Shame.
0.8 Manages to be informative and very funny whilst making a genuine and intriguing point about the commercialisation of street art.
0.8 The film is a rousing tribute to street art, a crafty autobiography and a cheeky comment on the bravado of artists, talented or otherwise, and the gullibility of their punters - us included.
0.8 He could be an important artist or just a silly fad - either way, in the street and with this film, he's providing pleasure while he lasts.
0.6 What's true? What's not? Is it a Banksy fabrication, a knowing stunt satirising the art world? Tellingly, there's no director credit. Whatever the truth, it's an amusing, curious documentary.
1.0 Slick, sharp and fantastically entertaining, this is a film that works not just as a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of helping strangers but also on a deeper level as a crafty meditation on art, its true value and our own gullibility.
0.8 Here I am giving Banksy the ultimate in undesired praise, a favourable review in the Left's most routinely reviled newspaper.
0.6 The sense of intrigue is unmistakable, and fortunately Exit, an odd, enfolded sort of documentary, delivers on all the build-up.
0.8 If art-prankster Banksy's first film is a hoax, as it just might be, it's an extremely complex and clever one. With echoes of the Frankenstein story.
0.6 His film does not mark [Banksy] out as the new Spielberg. Yet it is funny, OK in technique and now and then spicily critical of the art world.
0.6 Every bit as quirky, engaging and rebellious as the artwork it aims to celebrate. Sadly, it also shares graffiti's tendency to be energetic but scattergun and ephemeral.
0.9 A short, sweet, and rather illuminating look at a comedy tour that went into harm's way, just to bring some smiles to a few soldiers' faces.
0.8 Affecting drama about terminal illness has mature themes.
0.625 Byrd and Jenkins earn the film its critical points, but the screenplay has too many moments that feel network-TV-bland.
0.6 There's something sweet about Jonathan Segal's modest high school drama, "Norman," despite the contrivances of its protagonist's predicament and its stacking of the emotional deck.
0.625 There's a winning emotional truth in the father-son scenes in this Spokane-shot sleeper, directed with skill and sensitivity by Jonathan Segal.
0.7 For first-time screenwriter Wingate and Segal, in only his second feature (2004's "The Last Run), it's impressive work - they never overplay the pity card, opting for insight into the complexities of growing up instead.
0.4 A disquieting outing with little in the way of honest payoff.
0.75 The director, Jonathan Segal, skillfully builds on the tension that this situation creates, though he can't quite make Wingate's ending click. Still, Segal is so good with his actors that you may not mind.
0.75 For me, Richard Jenkins is the heart of "Norman." How often I've admired him; even in unworthy roles, he has such strength, he never seems the need to try.
0.375 A would-be dark, self-congratulatory dramedy that lacks both transgressive laughter and honest engagement with its themes of death and teen depression.
0.5 The trapped animal look in Norman's eyes feels more and more like an appropriate reaction.
0.75 An existential inquiry, and a rhetorical declaration of cosmic futility.
0.5 Hellbent on being innocuous, high-spirited fun, but it just comes off as shrill and shallow and dimwitted.
0.25 I don't think my negative reaction is a case of a parent forgetting the sort of mindless entertainment that he himself enjoyed as a child; rather the turtle fights are more depressing than joyful.
0.5 The plot, as primitive as it is, still isn't very clear; it never acquires the spontaneity or the force of a true "story" but seems to exist mainly as a pretext for the familiar Ninja banter so beloved of the cult, as in "Cowabunga, dudes," and such forth
0.75 One finds in them the same unabashed enjoyment of color and movement, of spectacular athletics and outrageous stunts, that animates the Hong Kong action cinema as a whole and makes it so superbly entertaining.
0.4 This sequel is less abrasive than its predecessor and was considerably less successful at the box office.
0.4 If the new film is considerably less imaginative than your average Punch-and-Judy show, it is, nevertheless, a step up from last year's turtle-fest.
0.375 The plot of Turtles II hinges on toxic waste and that turns out to be a pretty accurate description of the film.
0.25 The Turtles return in this underwhelming sequel that generally fares about as well as its predecessor...
0.6 This is one of those rare sequels that actually lives up quite nicely to the original.
0.625 Clever if rather mechanical.
0.6 This lacks the darkness and subtlty that makes th first film so good, and so adult, but its simplified plot and gags will appeal to the under tens.
0.4 The sequel plays things very safe
0.2 This one should have oozed out of the can before it got into any theaters.
0.0 For losers
0.6 The muppets look mighty fake, and Vanilla Ice was better in Cool as Ice, but check out wrestler Kevin Nash as Super Shredder.
0.31 Not only insulting to your intelligence, but also harmful for children to watch.
0.0 Dear God, why?
0.6 Even more fun than the original!
0.4 if a Vanilla Ice cameo is a highlight, imagine what the rest of the film is like
0.5 If you're a kid, you're going to see it. If you're a parent you may have no choice.
0.25 Today's kids are learning from the Turtles that the world is a sinkhole of radioactive waste, that it's more reassuring to huddle together in sewers than take your chances competing at street level, and that individuality is dangerous. Cowabunga.
0.6 The production values are wonderful (due in large part to the work of Animatronic Puppeteers and Jim Henson's Creature Shop) and the script is quick and funny.
0.6 Troma goes Blair Witch, and this movie gets VULGAR!
0.5 When, far too late in the day for us to care, they enter Hitchcock territory, the plot shift gives you the cinematic equivalent of whiplash and leaves you holding your head, wondering how on earth it happened and really rather wishing it hadn't.
0.5 Fontaine can't seem to decide whether she's making a dry sex farce or a slow-burn thriller, and the movie never really commits to either.
0.5 If you think I'm being tasteless, you should see the movie.
0.4 C'est dommage.
0.5 The Girl from Monaco is a tease.
0.625 As a solid thriller, La fille de Monaco feels like it's missed the mark.
0.75 Despite Bourgoin's dazzling presence, it's the hollow-eyed Luchini who quietly takes over the film.
0.75 The film doesn't add up to much in the end, but if you like leggy, flirty blondes, dark, brooding tough-guy bodyguards and fussy middle-aged lawyers, it's entertaining.
0.875 The postman may always ring twice, but a bodyguard doesn't even have to bother to knock.
0.625 The French comedy-drama The Girl from Monaco demonstrates how an excess of liberte and fraternite can be hazardous to the health, especially where there is an absence of egalite.
0.4 Like its protagonist, you end up with plenty to think about, puzzle over, and forget.
0.7 It's not at all as disposable as it seems at first glance.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a sprightly sex comedy or an enigmatic little thriller. Unfortunately, it's neither very funny nor very thrilling.
0.75 This is a modest but expertly performed piece. And this summer, surrounded by lesser, louder, bigger and dumber diversions, it's especially welcome.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco may be momentarily entertaining, but don't expect anything profound from the lightweight saga as it wends its way to its contrived, TV-movie conclusion.
0.625 It's often sparkling, always stylish -- but ultimately no more significant than another day at an overpriced resort.
0.625 The Girl From Monaco is a romantic comedy/drama, but the most appealing relationship has nothing to do with the girl of the title.
0.625 At best diverting, at worst an almost self-parodic compendium of French film cliches.
0.5 Somehow Ms. Fontaine's attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, The Girl from Monaco snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance.
0.75 The Girl from Monaco is not more than an entertainment, but an assured and well-oiled one.
0.75 Some movies create an inviting world for the viewer. This is one of them.
0.5 Obsessed with the image of its tall and tan leading lady, The Girl from Monaco ends up a weak cocktail with a big red cherry floating between its ice cubes.
0.6 In these roles, Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem make an accomplished acting team.
0.375 The Girl from Monaco is a frustratingly suspense-free affair.
0.8 There's little question that the movie will most be remembered for its introduction of the luscious Louise Bourgouin. Fontaine has a way at bringing out her oozing sex appeal without the movie ever feeling exploitative.
0.3 If a man had directed The Girl from Monaco, this erstwhile comedy would be labeled misogynistic -- a charge that would stick.
0.25 An insult to the viewer's intelligence, which sticks to silly slapstick while failing to get around to making a mature statement about relationships.
0.625 I wouldn't call the movie a dog, but I didn't love it either. Our search for the next Great Romantic Comedy, like so many Hollywood singletons' quest for love, continues.
0.75 ...the film is ultimately difficult to resist, though it's clear that those who generally dislike this sort of thing will really hate this.
0.5 Must Love Dogs could have used a longer leash and a lot more frolicking in the park.
0.6 Diane Lane makes an extremely appealing lead and there's good chemistry between her and Cusack, perhaps because of their shared history at the edges of the Brat Pack in the 1980s.
0.4 Cusack in particular seems to have embellished his role with an assortment of verbal quirks that suggest he wasn't too happy with what was on the page.
0.4 If only the whole script had been as sharp as some of Cusack's caustic one-liners, then this might have appealed to more than just the Chardonnay brigade.
0.5 Manages to be engaging, even though the plot is badly underdeveloped.
0.43 An inconsequential, harmless piece of moderately cute fluff
0.4 Uma producao sem entusiasmo ou vida, o que e fatal para seus propositos.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as its stars due to stagy dialogue, but still a sweet experience.
0.75 Attractive, witty, and exceedingly cute movie seeks undiscerning viewers for good times and more!
0.7 While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera.
0.5 Despite its stars, despite its premise, and despite the presence of cute canines, "Must Love Dogs" is the most bland romantic comedy of the summer. Possibly of the year.
0.5 Everything that happens here has happened in dozens of romantic comedies before. If you're thinking of going to see Dogs, all I can say is: you've already seen it.
0.25 A romantic comedy so generic that its label AND what's inside is nothing but a black-and-white checklist of the lamest rom-com cliches ever invented.
0.625 The best way to combat a lackluster script is good casting, and Diane Lane, John Cusack and Christopher Plummer are quite the foot soldiers in Must Love Dogs.
0.5 I wish [Lane and Cusack] had a better script to work with in this cyber-dating comedy ...
0.375 There needs to be a master list out there of conventional Romantic Comedy cliches and gestures that filmmakers and writers can refer to so as not to play to them ever again.
0.4 To say Diane Lane would have trouble finding a date moves this movie into the science fiction realm
0.4 The makers of "Must Love Dogs" clearly have an affection towards canines but they didn't seem to even like the audience.
0.5 Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.
0.3 ...the first 75 minutes are sophomoric, foolish, unrealistic, unfunny, and contrived, if not puerile, ignorant, and ill-informed.
0.1 It's hard to cheer for a film that wears a slight sneer when it comes to its leading lady.
0.625 a predictable and genial romantic comedy that's not very romantic and never really all that funn
0.75 Lane and Cusack create characters who are genuine, funny and romantic.
0.6 Perfect for a girl's night out.
0.625 There's no compelling reason why these two characters ought to be compatible except that their names come first and second in the opening credits.
0.6 think of Must Love Dogs as a You've Got Mail without Norah Ephron's neuroses
0.3 The movie wastes the talents of its two leads by refusing to take any risks with the material, marching in lockstep to every genre cliche.
0.75 Must Love Dogs ... unleashes snappy, smart dialogue that's good enough to make us want to sit and stay.
0.2 ...homosexual characters in romantic comedies serve the same role that Eunuchs did in the ancient Middle East:nonsexual good listeners who exist to assist hapless rich women.
0.625 As fantasies go, you could do a lot worse.
0.625 The film gets more tepid as it goes along and ultimately just drifts off.
0.5 Some of the lines are pretty clever, but you need to have a very keen and sticky tolerance for dogs making goo-goo eyes.
0.5 The film makes no real impression; it's amiable, occasionally funny and indistinguishable from dozens of other romantic comedies just like it.
0.625 The real reason for taking a chance on this minor summer confection would be to catch up on the life of an unbilled hero: Lloyd Dobler.
0.6 It works. That's the most and the least that can be said of this frequently funny romcom.
0.4 It's OK to be retro with your screen romance, but retro shouldn't feel this inept.
0.625 Lately, Hollywood has gotten so obsessed with doing big things badly, it seems to have forgotten how to do small things well.
0.5 Beware! Every time you're just about to settle back into mature romantic comedy mode as if it were a warm bath, things get silly. Really silly.
0.75 A romantic comedy is only as irresistible as are its temporarily star-crossed lovers. By this barometer, the enjoyably breezy Must Love Dogs boasts quite a pedigree.
0.375 Did Lane and John Cusack really have to put themselves through this? Here are two first-rate actors in the embarrassing situation of playing blithering misfits in a lame comedy of errors.
0.5 Be warned. When the makers of Must Love Dogs want you to like somebody, they slam your hand in a drawer until you say uncle.
0.625 It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food.
0.5 There is an extremely supportive and welcoming market for an actress like this in the right romantic comedy. Must Love Dogs is half that movie; witty, rueful, true and sweet. The other half is so conventionally dumb, it hurts.
0.75 Must Love Dogs reminds me of the golden retriever that lived next door long ago: endearing, consistently sweet-natured, ready for a brisk turn around familiar territory as long as no strenuous intellectual demands are ever made.
0.5 Too pat when it needs to be hairy, Must Love Dogs fails to find the undercurrents of complex emotion beneath its pretty patter surface.
0.625 While Lane is her typical winning self, the film is mawkish.
0.625 Tall handsome actor seeking willing audience...
0.625 Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before.
0.5 Bland, generic and showing every sign of having been market-tested to death.
0.25 Unless you have an affection for scrawny, slobbery face-licking films with no bite or bark, don't even think about it.
0.75 Just when you think you have Goldberg figured, he springs fresh surprises.
0.77 I like the characters and the story but find that the film just doesn't go the distance in some areas.
0.83 Sweet, funny, touching, and contemporary.
0.7 "Charming and sweet, wrapping a leash around your heart."
0.6 Even with a too-cute script, divorcee romantic comedy is passable thanks to the peanut butter/chocolate pairing of Diane Lane and John Cusack.
0.625 This may be the summer's only film not aimed at teenage boys, but it still feels unshaped and underdeveloped.
0.5 Such great performances... Such a dreadful movie.
0.625 When a woman who looks like Diane Lane has to use the internet to find a date, something has gone horribly wrong with our world
0.6 It's not When Harry Met Sally, but then again, what is?
0.7 Even vehicles on autopilot eventually reach their destinations, and Dogs proves to be an easy ride
0.625 Must Love Dogs makes a good first impression -- it's smart, funny and entertaining. But as the reels unwind, it's missing the special chemistry necessary to make us fall head-over-heels for it.
0.75 Must Love Dogs proves that you can teach an old genre new tricks.
0.75 Director Gary David Goldberg has said he gave the script to Cusack to add his own touches, resulting in some clever and engaging repartee with Diane Lane, another intelligent and likable actor.
0.3 It takes Lane, John Cusack, Dermot Mulroney, Elizabeth Perkins, Stockard Channing and Christopher Plummer and forces them to reenact the entire unabridged Encyclopedia of Treasured Romantic Comedy Cliches and Chestnuts, Revised Second Edition.
0.5 Must Love Dogs isn't quite a dog, but it's far from an ideal date movie.
0.3 Must Love Dogs is an Internet dating comedy so weightless that it makes a trifle like You've Got Mail look like Chekhov.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is a film that won't inspire love or hate. It's just sort of there: An inoffensive way to spend an evening. Just remember, you can't get those 107 minutes of your life back.
0.6 A lively romantic comedy, grounded by John Cusack as an intense idealist with wit and a big heart, about the role of Internet match-making services in the dating game.
0.5 The film's curdled aftertaste is so frustrating that it may be hard to remember why Must Love Dogs ever seemed so endearing and entertaining in the first place.
0.25 Not everything needs to be art, of course, so here goes your proof.
0.5 Lacks the requisite passion and urgency to make the experience anything more than a periodically pleasant waste of time.
0.75 Must Love Dogs, though, has some things a lot of today's romantic comedies don't have and need badly: smart dialogue, bright characters and a pair of lovers who don't look as if they belong at a college bash or in a gossip column.
0.625 On what planet does Diane Lane, she of the double-dip-sundae bod, whipped-cream face, and cinnamon hair, go dateless? Only on planet Hollywood, where she is routinely cast as an underappreciated wife or overlooked single.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is like a puppy with big brown eyes and a wagging tail who weeps with eagerness to lick your hand, but you take a look around the pound and decide to adopt the sad-eyed beagle who looks as if she has seen a thing or two.
0.7 Lane and Cusack transcend the formulaic nature of the romantic comedy genre
0.625 Romantic comedies usually stand or fall on the likability of the leads, and the leads in Must Love Dogs, Lane and John Cusack, both of whom downplay the shtickiness of the material by underselling it, are very likable.
0.625 What Must Love Dogs is ultimately insisting, after all, is that we all deserve to frolic merrily in the sun with loved ones (possibly in the form of John Cusack), Frisbees and dogs. Who wants to argue with that?
0.75 It manages to rework genre conventions with an exuberant wit and an authentic feel for the fits-and-starts madness of the mating game.
0.625 Sharply written script in the dialogue department. But the chemistry element wanes and a heart element is nearly absent. Still, light, funny, always amusing. Kudos to Cusack.
0.75 Whenever Cusack is on screen, the energy level of the movie just jumps up.
0.75 ...enough doses of the real world to elevate it above your average romantic-comedy fantasty.
0.5 Cutesy stuff, breezily amusing but...a basically weightless and disposable date movie.
0.4 The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me.
0.5 One big product placement for a commercial dating service on the web. Its URL is only mentioned 2 or 3 times in the movie so I won't repeat it... unless they send a check.
0.7 Harmless and enjoyable -- but it'll float right out of your brain within a couple hours of seeing it.
0.6 If [it] ends with a painfully contrived set piece, it also . . . adds rowing lessons to the metaphors of foreplay
0.625 Bland and forgettable -- a romantic comedy with affable characters and some funny lines, but where love never really takes flight. It fizzles when it should sizzle.
0.125 To paraphrase some hackerish blurb I just heard on the shill-y E! network: Must Love Dogs is in the doghouse.
0.5 Never catches its rhythm.
0.5 Makes music almost an afterthought, and as such it never truly sings.
0.75 Irresistible to all those with the slightest speck of Irish blood running in their veins. Or even those non-Irish viewers with a weakness for Irish plays, Irish music, Irish dancing, lilting Irish accents or pints of Guinness.
0.5 Don't ever think that Hollywood has the market cornered on formula flicks. Those folks from across the pond, in Britain and its environs, can do predictable with the best of them.
0.5 Pushes the least interesting relationships to the front and shoves the most interesting ones too the back.
0.5 While there's lots of great Ceili music on tap, it's wrapped in a story so traditional that it's not especially interesting.
0.6 Everyone is likable in John Irvin's appealing if obvious little fable about two estranged brothers and their ceili, or traditional Irish, bands.
0.5 Isn't a total loss, but neither does it have the charm of The Full Monty or other feel-good indie Brit flicks it emulates.
0.5 As thin and frothy as the head on a pint of Guinness.
0.75 Lots of lively tunes and spirited acting.
0.625 The music compensates for the movie's broad high jinks and soapy romantic contrivances, handled with slick, cold hands by director John Irvin.
0.875 An irresistible Irish comedy, lovingly told, beautifully acted and graced with the perfect balance of chuckles and bittersweet heartache.
0.8 A delightful drama about some feisty souls involved in an Irish musical competition and their close encounters with the difficult spiritual art of letting go.
0.8 'County Clare' is a real treat!
0.8 Audiences will be hard-pressed to find a more satisfying or enjoyable entertainment than this splendid Celtic feast for the eyes and the ears.
0.5 Agreeably soapy, but if you're not a Ceili fan, you're likely to doze off by the end of the first reel.
0.6 More a historic reference than a sustained comedy, but it does have Doris Day and great cast.
0.625 ...an appealing premise that's employed to watchable (if entirely uneven) effect by filmmaker Stanley Kramer...
0.6 ...rather tame and superficial by today's standards: a gentle, sentimental comedy on the subject of interracial marriage.
0.8 Civil rights, love, and family stress.
0.625 Tracy looks tired in this draggy production; he died soon afterward, and it's infuriating to watch him sweat to inject fire into such pap.
0.8 A most delightfully acted and gracefully entertaining film.
1.0 It would be easy to tear the plot to shreds and catch Kramer in the act of copping out. But why? On its own terms, this film is a joy to see, an evening of superb entertainment.
0.6 An earnest liberal outing that today seems passive, tame and condescending, but still watchable because of the performances of Tracy, Hepburn and Poitier.
0.8 Well-meaning and generally effective.
0.7 As an opus on race relations, Dinner certainly seems a bit daring, but it's just not standing the test of time terribly well.
0.4 We've been here before, and we'll be here again.
0.25 ...[a] dead zone of a movie.
0.2 You'd probably get the same enjoyment out of watching a public safety advert.
0.7 A serviceable entry in the low-budget horror column, and makes the most of its limited resources with stirring imagery and a full-blown performance by its star.
0.2 'Soul' is the one of the many things lacking in this sad excuse for a horror film.
0.3 Yawn.
0.375 When it thinks it is building atmosphere and mystery, it's really just meandering and suffering from dank cinematography.
0.4 Blatantly cannibalising every horror movie it can think of in the attempt to produce some patchwork Frankenstein's monster.
0.0 A toothless, fright-free journey into dullsville.
0.0 An exercise in spinning wheels, a muddle of images, ideas, and characters that don't go anywhere, let alone make any sense.
0.2 [A] jumbled botch.
0.15 A badly acted, unoriginal, irritating movie...Easily one of the worst films of 2001.
0.4 Though overly reliant on quick-cut montages and shots of Cassie running down hallways, writer/director Steve Carpenter delivers some modest thrills alongside the usual teen-horror cliches.
0.2 Soulless, spookless sludge.
0.4 Despite the handsome production values and best efforts of the attractive young cast, it's hard to get deeply involved with the frantic 'what's going on?' sturm und drang.
0.0 Survivors is a truly awful mix of bad direction, nonsensical story line and dialogue that appears to have been made up on the spot.
0.2 It's a real struggle to survive Soul Survivors to the finish.
0.25 Soul Survivors is such a numbingly opaque and enervating movie experience that even Jeepers Creepers seems poetic and luminous by comparison.
0.2 Carpenter's script rummages through a closetful of horror-movie cliches and drags them all out sooner or later.
0.2 So awful I feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it.
0.2 A sentimental story of little suspense and scant terror.
0.75 If most thrillers were as original and well-made as this one, we'd all be very lucky.
0.25 A pathetic parade of standard-issue jumps and frights that can't raise a single goosebump.
0.54 The problem here isn't just the ludicrous and sometimes-confusing story. It also features awesomely awful dialogue.
0.375 A by-the-numbers horror movie whose only real scare comes from the sudden blast of a starter's pistol at a swim meet.
0.4 It doesn't entertain, it's confusing, it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime, despite a pretty cool ending
0.5 Though essentially a recording of the stage production, this film is still recommended, provided you understand that the thespians are over-enunciating and exaggerating their body movements to engage folks watching in the theater, not on a screen.
0.9 a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres
1.0 One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon.
0.8 It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf.
0.6 A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
0.75 The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.
0.6 Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope.
0.625 Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable.
0.9 A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things.
0.0 I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
0.6 Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions.
0.875 Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind.
0.81 Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget.
1.0 Oh, the horror!
0.75 a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen
0.7 ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic.
0.8 For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer.
0.9 Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
1.0 Family entertainment at its best.
0.75 This is a zanily inventive piece of work, with delightful special effects, which set the style for a long series of live-action Disney films.
0.8 One of Disney's milestone live-action films.
0.4 Tepid live action Disney.
0.8 Goofy comedy classic.
0.8 Classic Disney, classic MacMurry.
1.0 Fun!
0.8 Enjoyable Disney effects comedy with good cast.
0.4 Disney life-action for the simple-minded.
0.8 Dated and silly, but still good family fun.
0.625 The original's simple humor looks remarkably tired compared with the story's energetic and much more inventive remake.
0.4 Jim Carrey succeeds but the film is too mean-spirited and its supporting players too one-dimensional to make this story worthwhile.
0.8 ILYPM is quite good and it's a shame that this film was shunted around the backburners for so long.
0.6 Inspirada en una increible historia real, esta comedia de Jim Carrey no es para nada la tipica comedia de Jim Carrey, aunque haga uso de sus habituales recursos histrionicos. Una comedia romantica absurda, irreverente y gay.
0.875 A remarkably strong debut...
0.9 You have to hand it to Jim Carrey. He could take the easy paycheck time after time in bland movie after bland movie, but he keeps on running down these weird roads and that's where he winds up doing his best work.
0.9 Leaving aside the extent in which the premise of I Love You Phillip Morris is essentially very sad and serious, this is overall an extremely funny and at times very sweet romantic comedy.
0.75 This is the most interesting role Carrey has had in a long while.
0.875 It's a joy to see Carrey used in a way that revels in his schizophrenic nature while also trying to make some authentic emotional sense of it as well.
0.82 I like the outre screwball flavor of the piece; it feels a little like Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can crossed with one of John Waters' gently transgressive cult movies.
0.2 ...a minstrel show of gay stereotypes.
0.8 A few words of warning: I Love You Phillip Morris has nothing to do with the powerful tobacco company or the man it was named after.
0.875 I Love You Phillip Morris is first and foremost a romantic comedy -- and a more effective one than any to hit theaters in 2010.
0.625 It's hard to tell who the film is designed for, since it may be too juvenile for gay audiences and too gay for Carrey's straight fans.
0.2 Smirking and awkwardly insincere, it revolves around the shocking scams of a bizarre sociopath.
0.6 It's a jokey, flirty pile of wink-wink to let the audience know these two heterosexual actors are pretending to be in love just to get a laugh.
0.75 If nothing else -- restores Jim Carrey to a semblance of his former glory.
0.5 Lots of hilarious antics, but not a comprehensive film.
0.75 The latest in a series of fact-inspired, cartoonish movies ('Ed Wood,' 'Shattered Glass') about self-invented American strivers driven to practical insanity as they simultaneously rebel against and desperately grasp at the American dream.
0.5 Carrey veers more toward In Living Color mimicry than Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind soulfulness. That approach completely undermines a love story that's already being told in a slipshod manner.
0.9 I do recommend it for the adults among us.
0.75 An amusing and weirdly affectionate ride. Anyone want to sign up for the Free Steven Russell movement?
0.625 [The] elaborate cons may be fascinating, daring stuff, but the heart of the picture is the romantic relationship, which is squeezed out to the edges.
0.8 A satisfying and often very funny film.
0.7 Jim Carrey gives it his all. The con makes this movie worth seeing even if you never feel the love.
0.3 It's confused and confusing, by turns hilarious and off-putting. In short, it's awfully hard to love I Love You Philip Morris.
0.8 A charismatic little underdog of a movie.
0.75 Yes, some familiar Carrey tactics are on display, but the star's performance has real heart - it's easily the best thing he has done since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
0.625 The trouble is that, while Carrey is transforming himself into a guy who fills a hole in his soul with a big big love, Ewan McGregor is barely skimming the surface of his (admittedly underwritten) nice-guy role.
0.75 A delirious comedy that remains on track largely thanks to Jim Carrey's goofy but grounded performance.
0.5 It's satire, but not quite funny enough; a love story, but not quite sincere enough.
0.8 Another fantastic performance by Carrie, not be mention McGregor. Living proof that the only difference between fact and fiction is that fiction has to make sense.
0.75 It's funny because it's true. That's the idea behind the mad-love story I Love You Phillip Morris, which gets its kicks by being much stranger than fiction.
0.7 As a romantic comedy, it's better than any of the half-hearted, interchangeable flicks that normally dominate the genre, in part because of the smart laughs, but mostly because it refuses to play to genre conventions.
0.625 The romance between them is touching at its best moments, corny at its worst.
0.9 It finds the humor in an unlikely love story, and it resists any temptation to play it straight.
0.75 The role is a good fit for Carrey, who manages to dial down his usual mug-a-minute schtick while still being funny, capturing the manic, paranoid heart fluttering beneath Russell's trust-me exterior.
0.7 Carrey is truly great in one of those rare risky roles that prove he can do more than pull faces, although the frank portrayal of an alpha male who is also "gay, gay, gay, gay, gay" is sure to make some percentage of his fan base squirm.
0.625 Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of I Love You Phillip Morris is its inability to maintain the high level at which it begins -- a withering lampoon of wholesome, middle class values.
0.5 There's plenty to scratch your head about here. Is it a drama? A comedy? And if it's a farce, what's it making fun of?
0.5 Proof that just because a story is strange and seemingly unlikely does not inherently make it worth the telling.
0.7 Laugh-out-loud hilarious one moment and darkly tragic the next, I Love You Phillip Morris' tone is wildly uneven, never quite sure of what sort of movie it wants to be-and I loved it for it.
0.75 This isn't great farce, but it's more than good enough. And Carrey is more than good enough in it.
0.875 Carrey makes the role seem effortless; he deceives as spontaneously as others breathe.
0.5 Steven Russell is a slippery character that the film never fully gets its hands on.
0.625 It would have worked much better as a gritty drama about the most toxic non-violent criminal in Texas history.
0.8 A story about love that truly binds in an outrageous way and what one man would do to make sure he would not have a broken heart. It's adorable and will have you laughing along the way.
0.75 There's plenty of sweetness at the core of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa's bold, bleak little comedy I Love You Phillip Morris.
0.8 ...a warm, witty work of unassuming delight that just so happens to be about two men in love...
0.6 Wacky but mature comedy examines a love with no limits.
0.6 With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen.
0.75 The rails could have come off Phillip Morris in so many ways, it's a miracle that the film sticks together as well as it does.
0.8 [Both] stars prove to be enormous fun in a gay love story played straight in a thoroughly crooked context -a comic crooked context, mind you...
0.75 Such an endearing oddity that you have to wonder exactly for whom it was made. But I'm glad they did nonetheless.
0.2 "I Love You Phillip Morris" not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie.
0.375 Directors John Requa and Glenn Ficarra, who wrote the wickedly hilarious Bad Santa, assume a mocking tone that falls flat. They aspire for a cleverly offbeat vibe, but it feels forced and calculated.
0.7 Laugh-out-loud funny at moments and surprisingly touching in others, I Love You Phillip Morris has the potential to be a dark horse contender come awards season.
0.375 That the same-sex relationship is treated nonchalantly, like any more conventional Hollywood romance, is appreciated, but that is roughly where the praise must unfortunately end.
0.5 Though Carrey seems to be giving his heart to Steven's romance with Phillip, and pouring a lot of sweat equity into very vigorous sex, he never gets beyond his Jim Carrey-ness to let us discover the character.
0.8 sort of like a darker, weirder Catch Me If You Can
0.75 The movie, written and directed by John Requa and Glen Ficara of Bad Santa fame, is all over the place. But it's also outrageously funny.
0.7 ...a brave and funny film that is worth seeing, especially if you are looking for something original.
0.5 Mr. Carrey has balls of brass, but seeing him dressed flamboyantly in fish-net bikinis and high-heel Nancy Sinatra boots is an experience I hope never to repeat again in this lifetime.
0.6 Carrey and McGregor are both excellent at plumbing the depths of their intentionally broad characters.
0.8 A raw and unadulterated comedy that finds true emotion within its characters and its humor from the fact that some of the craziest bits really happened.
0.8 It's the pull no punches ridiculousness of I Love You Phillip Morris that's the real draw. It has tenderness without sentimentality and poses real questions about the psychic dangers of deception.
0.8 An over-the-top and out-of-the-box movie about a creative conman's quest for true love.
0.75 Jim Carrey, as a queer con artist motivated by undying passion for a cellmate, brings a euphoric energy to this insubordinate farce.
0.625 Jim Carrey plays to both his comic fan base and those who want to see him stretch that limber frame with I Love You Phillip Morris
0.4 Jim Carrey i Ewan MacGregor ovdje nastupaju u, za Hollywood, prili&#269;no eksplicitnim scenama gay seksa
0.22 Defined by puppy love, a crude sense of humor, and rampant immorality, the characters here are as repulsive and shallow as the film that contains them.
0.6 When Carrey is onscreen, everything about the giddy, conflicted man he's been asked to embody is either amusing, sympathetic or true.
0.8 Eficiente na construcao de uma narrativa leve a partir de uma historia que poderia facilmente se apresentar como uma experiencia pesada e deprimente.
0.6 It's being marketed mostly as a comedy - and it's packed with genuine laugh-out-loud gags.
0.75 Carrey demonstrates an ability to successfully flit between the kind of flat-out slapstick physical humour with which he made his name and that darker, more disturbing strain of comedy he never quite nailed in early efforts such as The Cable Guy.
0.4 The cons and the crimes misfire on screen.
0.8 The bravest and oddest comedy of the year.
0.6 Carrey's exuberant and ever manic performance is at the core of the film, yet is often on the brink of threatening to consume it entirely.
0.6 It works like a dream -- a particularly vivid one -- with only an actor of Carrey's energy having the ability to pull it off, even if this reduces McGregor's passive partner to one dimension.
0.8 A cult comedy classic in the making.
0.6 The film has flaws, but its sheer exuberance deserves viewing.
0.6 I liked McGregor's convincing performance -- he even runs camply -- and there are enough funny lines to keep us mildly entertained.
0.8 The puzzle fits together very entertainingly here.
0.4 Loved the chutzpah, but the heart and the funny bone are left relatively untroubled.
0.8 It's the comic role of a lifetime for Jim Carrey, who apparently worked for union rates in order to help the film get made.
0.6 This isn't a satire or a cautionary tale: it's one of the most romantic, most inspiring films of recent years.
0.8 Beneath all of the wackiness, these are real people we can vividly identify with.
0.8 Enjoyable, offbeat and inventively directed comedy-drama with a superb script and a terrific performance from Jim Carrey.
0.8 This is one of those rare romantic comedies that's both romantic and comic.
0.6 Hugely entertaining in fits and starts, thanks to the flash and sass of Carrey's catch-me-if-you-can antics.
0.6 The film remains outrageously funny without resorting to cheap gags.
0.8 Best of all, throughout this madcap yarn, Carrey's Russell is a fittingly unreliable narrator and thus pings the movie randomly through time in occasionally bewildering and ultimately exhilarating fashion.
0.8 Carrey is definitely the star of the film, but McGregor remains the emotional anchor.
0.8 One of the funniest films of the year, this is a wonderful mix of old-school Carrey outrageousness with a genuinely touching a" and very modern a" love story.
0.8 Funny, sometimes tender and ultimately unsettling black comedy.
0.53 Tsai's style is essentially written in stone at this point, and [this] hardly challenges it. [He] is as visually adept here as ever, right up to the film's peaceful final shot.
0.625 A subtle, slow-moving presentation of hope and responsibility that will test your patience if you are not a fan of elliptical, dreamlike narratives like those in Tsai's films.
0.4 Music interlaces the action, which proceeds mostly without words, expression or, regrettably, interest.
0.3 Directors who come up with films with "sleep" in the title shouldn't be this dull if they don't want glib comments made about them. Yes, I Don't Want To Sleep Alone is a snooze-fest.
0.8 While not as erotic as other films by this director, there's a languid sensuality to the story.
0.6 This mostly wordless saga is striking but slight.
0.8 Tsai's long, static, near-wordless takes may try the patience of some, but fans will be enchanted by his new-found warmth.
0.6 An enigmatic fable of longing and loneliness in present-day Kuala Lumpur.
0.875 The hormones here don't rage so much as unfurl over two exquisite hours.
0.7 Tsai's drama is something like a mixture of Robert Bresson and R.W. Fassbinder, as God's bedraggled souls struggle with the desires of the damned, and nobody wants to go into that good night alone.
0.833333333333 For Tsai's fans, Sleep offers many pleasures, including a heightened attention to nocturnal beauty and a gorgeous, uncharacteristic surrealism.
0.7 It takes some careful attention and a not insignificant amount of patience, but if you can modify your expectations accordingly, Sleep is a highly rewarding experience.
0.625 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is a title to keep in mind while absorbing this allusive, humid mood piece.
0.75 The longing is palpable, for love and for just companionship. In this languorous world, the drama's title speaks volumes. No one wants to sleep alone.
0.875 In addition to the regional pop music that once again fills his soundtrack, Tsai finds great beauty in streets of Kuala Lumpur particularly at night, making this gorgeous film one that should be seen on a large screen in the total darkness of a theater.
0.875 The pleasure here belongs to Tsai's images, which can be both familiar and baffling, or beautiful and humorously deadpan, or realistic and supernatural.
0.833333333333 A serious return to creative form and a renewal of focus; there's a sense that every perfectly timed slow take and studied composition serves a purpose. And not a single melon gets shtupped.
0.8 Some will hate him for his lack of concern for forward momentum and traditional plot. Others, like me, will go ga-ga for his technical achievements and meditative pauses
1.0 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is emotional in what it says about the need for connections, religious in what it asks about the universe.
0.7 In I Don't Want to Sleep Alone, Kuala Lumpur is a city of smoky alleyways and empty, half-lighted streets, where a few solitary, sad-looking souls stand out from the crowds.
1.0 The geographical shift from Tsai's familiar Taipei to his homeland of Malaysia results in both a revitalization of those elements and a new level of visual beauty. The stunning final shot makes it a masterpiece.
0.75 Despite his films' frequently static compositions, Tsai's cinema flows ever forward with ambiguous, multivalent purpose.
0.5 It's not sophisticated enough for older children, but young ones will probably be entertained by 'The Naughty List.'
0.6 Cute Christmas movie has some iffy bathroom humor.
1.0 Vintage zany musical is Eddie Cantor showcase.
1.0 Possibly Cantor's best film. Certainly his most creatively directed and raciest.
0.25 [A] witless farce.
0.6 A warm-hearted ethnic comedy in the vein of My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
0.25 It's somewhat ironic that writer-actors Vincent and Mike Pagano intend "Providence" to be a film about getting past ethnic stereotypes, since they apparently couldn't.
0.625 A pretty decent comedy of manners.
0.875 Hilarious and filled with wonderful characters and situations.
0.6 for all the well-aimed blows it lands about how families make us crazy, it still has a very warm, very soft spot for these lunatics.
0.4 Seriously, an R-rating and this would have been a totally different, way better movie.
0.45 It sounds like that the kind of thing that would have been right at home with the teen comedies of twenty years ago, or even the brief American Pie-ish revival. But compared to current stuff it's actually kind of quaint.
0.2 This is not made for anyone with more than a sprinkling of intelligence.
0.2 A charmless, witless, lumbering mess. Almost nothing could redeem this lame comedy.
0.2 Fired Up is big on stereotypes (hello, gay Indian guy), overstatement (if you didn't already realise, loud = funny) and borderline homophobia. To paraphrase Repo Man, the longer you watch this, the stupider you might become.
0.2 A lamentably unfunny flick.
0.4 Five, six, seven, eight; Fired Up is not so great.
0.2 This aggressively stupid comedy tries to have it both ways, advocating sexual probity while its cameras linger over acres of golden female thighs.
0.2 Fired Up is a desperate and vacuous attempt at a teen comedy that not only lacks laughs, but even the gross-out moments and shameless nudity used by other such genre offerings.
0.4 Cliched execution, paper-thin characters.
0.2 Fired Up is cinema as abuse, and its chief victim is any paying audience. To have shelled out cash for this witless farrago of sub-Porky's japery and straight-to-bargain-bin acting would be the airborne spin that broke the cheerleader's back.
0.6 Surprisingly, first-time director Will Gluck takes this raunchy premise and twists it into a boobs-free romantic comedy.
0.2 Dross.
0.4 Most of the gags are blah, blah, blah rather than ra, ra, ra.
0.2 A puerile, remedial class version of Wedding Crashers.
0.2 A misogynistic American teen gross-out comedy. Celebrating male promiscuity as a rite-of-passage while demonising girls for sleeping around, it never even attempts to punish its protagonists for their horn-dog ways.
0.5 Broad and very silly, this comedy just about keeps us chuckling even when things get stupid and predictable
0.4 Ultimately let down by obnoxious characters, a half-hearted plot and a criminal lack of actual nudity.
0.5 It fails, partly through prudery -- the "nude" scenes are notably unrevealing -- and partly because the leading men make no effort to perform their own stunts.
0.2 S-U-C-K! What does this movie do? It sucks! O-M-F-G! It sucks!
0.5 the film's one genuine charm is its ridiculous and clever use of nonsensical words and phrases to discuss R-rated material under the PG-13 umbrella
0.1 Fired Up! is the worst of its kind: a cheap imitation of much better films, a 90-minute dirty joke with no punch line.
0.375 Fired Up fails to ignite.
0.5 Just about what you'd expect, only maybe a little more smutty, 'Fire Up!' is sort of a lesser, junior version of 'Wedding Crashers' combined with 'Bring It On.'
0.7 While it doesn't really break any new ground in the realm of teen comedy, and certainly isn't side-splitting funny, it's still a pretty pleasant way to spend ninety minutes, and good for a few belly laughs.
0.375 Plays like a long lost relic of the 1998-2001 teen movie boom.
0.8 Violates the most basic rules of cinematic storytelling grammar; and for this reason it transfixed me.
0.3 It's an adolescent boy's callow pom-pom fantasy.
0.25 About the only thing to differentiate this dud of a comedy from the likes of Date Movie, Epic Movie, and Disaster Movie is the absence of the names Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg on the credits.
0.4 A movie about high school Juniors, with a cast well into its twenties and thirties, just doesn't work.
0.5 Ye gad--how old are these actors playing teenagers? Oh, never mind.
0.75 Fired Up! is the teen sex comedy done right. It's fresh, it's funny, and you won't feel like you need a shower after watching it.
0.5 As annoying and predictable as this flick was, I found myself slapping my knee more than a couple of times. Don't waste your money to see it in theaters. Rent it!
0.7 As long as you're willing to suspend your disbelief and check your brain at the door, you'll find Fired Up! to be a zany and mindlessly entertaining laugh riot.
0.4 Raging hormones rule in crude cheerleading comedy.
0.2 promises guilty pleasure, but has the edge of a bowling ball
0.7 Call me crazy, but as a red-blooded American male, I enjoy watching hot girls in skimpy outfits jump around on the movie screen.
0.75 An affable throwback to the comedies of the 1980s...
0.25 Will Shawn prove his love for her by committing himself to the cheerleading squad? Will Carly ever find out that her current boyfriend, Dr. Rick (David Walton), is also a lying male slut? Will anyone need a trip to the clinic?
0.625 Nicholas D'Agosto and Eric Christian Olsen make a hilarious pair; If you're under the age of 25 you'll like it.
0.5 Sloppy but moderately amusing.
0.25 Excuse me, I hear someone at the gates. Must be the barbarians, here at last.
0.5 If this movie were a teenager, you'd put it on Ritalin right away.
0.2 Spending time with these guys is the longest 89 minutes ever.
0.375 The film's misogyny is countered only by its homophobia -- its male gay characters are mincing idiots, while the women could have walked out of a you-wish Playboy spread.
0.6 The idea may be dusty -- this is Wedding Crashers on the football field -- but the delivery is fresh.
0.5 A teen comedy that views sex as an all-you-can-gorge buffet.
0.6 "F.U. stands for funny. An outrageous sex-obsessed teen comedy that's something to cheer about - especially if you're 16.
0.5 I didn't half-mind Fired Up, but half a mind is more than it deserves. It's Wedding Crashers with high school seniors and bras and panties, as opposed to Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson and copious toplessness.
0.2 This is a film so scuzzy and creepy in tone that you keep getting the sense that if there was any possible that it could slip a roofie into your soda while you weren't looking, it would.
0.7 At once funnier than it should be and more witless than it should have been.
0.375 All the jokes, and the plot, go about halfway, then pull back in shame -- unless they're gay jokes, in which case anything goes.
0.0 The Maxim revolution kicks off with Fired Up and the fact that even the now Hammond-less skin mag's name is nowhere to be found on the title, should tell you that even they are trying to maintain some dignity.
0.375 It goes without saying that Fired Up! is predictable, but that wouldn't have mattered were there a semblance of reality or charm to the proceedings.
0.625 It might not be original, but Fired Up! makes you laugh
0.5 Passable in its efficiency, Fired Up! is less offensive than it might have been while also managing to be staggeringly uninspired.
0.5 As long as you don't expect too much, Fired Up!'s aim is true enough.
0.375 The movie has no comic or hormonal sensibility of its own -- every feeling in Fired Up! feels borrowed from another comedy, television show, or pop song.
0.625 This is a silly little movie that can.
0.3 How this idea escaped its logical fate as a direct-to-DVD Bring It On 6: It's the Boys' Turn! is anyone's guess.
0.4 This new movie borrows from the 2005 Vince Vaughn/Owen Wilson hit with such utter shamelessness, you have to wonder if royalty checks are already in the mail.
0.25 Oh, is this movie bad.
0.625 Bikini-clad babes and sniggering humor abound in the teen sex comedy Fired Up!, but so do some other things: namely a charming cast, glimmers of intelligence and a sweetly youthful spirit.
0.2 I can't remember exactly when I used the phrase 'rock-bottom puddle of camera-vomit,' but I'm sorry now that I didn't save it for this.
0.2 It was the rampant homophobia, tossed in everywhere it didn't belong, that convinced me Fired Up! is just a hateful mess.
0.6 It may be as dumb as you'd expect from this team, but Fired Up is still the best 'dumb cheerleader' comedy since Bring It On.
0.8 Fired Up delivers consistent laughs, and it treats its female characters (and even its gay ones) with enough dignity that you won't hate yourself in the morning.
0.4 The problem with Fired Up is that it doesn't follow a simple rule of the genre: If you're going to make a raunchy teen sex comedy, go all the way.
0.4 As hard as this movie tries to 'bring it on', it probably should have left the cheerleading realm well enough alone ... one of the most blatantly sexist and homophobic comedies in some time.
0.5 Fired Up is both smarter and dumber than necessary, vacillating as it does between being a parody of teen sex comedies and a fresh example of the subgenre.
0.25 Fired Up plays like a direct-to-video American Pie sequel.
0.75 But most of this the film is a delight, especially scenes revolving around Yvonne's continual abuse of Brenda.
0.125 The approach has all the lasting charm of a train derailment, but at least the train is going somewhere before it is brought to disaster.
0.8 One-of-a-kind high school comedy for the family.
1.0 Napoleon's climactic spaz-out dance is more than just a goofy gag. It's a payoff to a great buddy-system comedy and the idea that it's not high school's dreams and regrets that last, but the sometimes-bizarre friendships.
0.75 too odd to dismiss and often truly funny
0.625 Napoleon Dynamite may not even be friggin' sweet, but it does have skills. [Blu-ray]
0.4 Heder seems perversely bored, unable to hold his eyes open; was that a conscious acting choice, or was he simply reading his lines off the floor?
0.25 Writer-director Jared Hess tries for John Hughes by way of the Coen Brothers, but only comes up with one dull, unfunny non-sequitur after another.
0.75 If you have an indie film sense of humor -- and those of you who have it know what I mean -- you'll probably enjoy this flick.
0.75 Seething with teen-angst irritability and an obstinate blind ignorance to just how much of an outcast he is, Napoleon Dynamite may be the biggest dork in the history of high school movies.
0.6 As long as you don't mind making fun of the afflicted, there are some killer comic moments.
0.875 Delights in deadpan %u2013 celebrates nerd. And is a testament that beauty can be found everywhere. A charming, albeit quite odd cinematic piece. Harold and Maude -lite.
0.875 I began to appreciate the neat reversals of expectations, slow pace and serene non sequiturs of the plot, the film's smart approach towards teen alienation, ludicrous ambition and impossible dreams.
0.7 Napoleon Dynamite isn't exactly the year's funniest film, but it does make for a memorable experience that can be enjoyed over and over again.
0.6 'March to the beat of your own drum,' the movie may say, 'but we will laugh at you.'
0.8 E recheado de estereotipos dos mais ofensivos, mas torna-se agradavel e divertido gracas ao apelo de seu personagem-titulo.
0.5 ...makes a good attempt for about its first quarter hour at showing us the dilemma of the high school outsider.
0.6 What is touching, however, and perhaps the film's central theme, is the strength, however strangely expressed, of the friendship between Napoleon, Deb and Pedro.
0.7 Not much really happens in this film but it's an oddly heart-warming character study and will ring bells with anyone who has ever spent any time in a small town.
0.8 Revels in its own kookiness and is the most engaging teen movie to emerge from the States for many a year.
0.3 Bubbles with barely suppressed loathing for its characters and setting.
0.6 An offbeat, frequently funny comedy that gradually wins you over, much like its central character.
0.625 Its acutely observed triumph is also its undoing: It's hard to satirize oppressive tedium without becoming oppressively tedious. This movie's not low-key, it's no-key.
0.2 Napoleon Dynamite is like watching Todd Solondz kick a dog on Nickelodeon
0.75 I don't know if I was laughing at [Napoleon] or with him, but I was certainly laughing during the movie.
0.6 The great thing about the film is that it refuses to cave in and make Napoleon a hero.
0.8 This is a movie for the kid who ever thought about keeping a pair of nunchucks in his locker, or preferred drawing pictures of sword-fighting barbarians to playing football.
0.875 You may not like him much. But you'll find yourself rooting for "Napoleon Dynamite."
0.8 Yes, Napoleon Dynamite has some of that annoying forced indie quirkiness, but it also possesses a certain wayward originality
0.8 A wacky, weird high school film that John Waters and the Coen brothers could have co-directed. Soo-weeet.
0.6 It's a great showcase of Schadenfreude so if that's your thing, run, don't walk to the movie. Fabulous, unique performances.
0.4 There is nothing dynamic about this "Dynamite"
0.875 There's an interesting factor at play here: many of the film's laughs come from the way Napoleon so stubbornly refuses to adhere to the conventions of adolescence.
0.625 Jon Heder delivers a fearless performance that's almost breathtaking in its wormy detail.
0.8 The funniest film of the summer.
0.625 As slight as the picture is, though, its hero is an indelible creation.
0.75 Leaves viewers with a welcome and all too rare feeling of movie-induced giddiness...
0.875 It's more the fusion of forces by friends on the same askew wavelength who combine their skills into something greater than their sum.
0.625 Although it sometimes feels like a one-note joke stretched out too long, it's still probably the most unique comedy you'll see all year.
0.8 You'll laugh. You'll feel silly for doing it. Then you'll do it again.
0.75 The slow burn and deadpan dumbness of Napoleon Dynamite is a perfect fit for its minimalist aesthetic.
0.5 Jared Hess pushes Napoleon's stupidity as far as it can go in pursuit of cheap laughs, but achieves nothing that isn't easily forgettable.
0.75 Funny enough that I'll refrain from describing the gags that made me laugh, lest I spoil them for you.
0.7 It's a quirky, fresh slice-of-life more inviting than a tater-tot pyramid.
0.875 We laugh at all the nerdy behavior in the movie, and there's a reason that's OK: Because, deep down, we know we are all nerds.
0.25 May be the most condescending comedy ever to imagine itself being too cool for the room.
0.625 This is basically a collection of hit-and-miss skits that are stumbling around in search of a story line.
0.875 Hess and Heder allow Napoleon to remain his geeky self from beginning to end, a guy who -- like his movie -- dares to be different and succeeds.
0.8 Has more belly laughs than 10 studio-produced, star-vehicle comedies.
0.125 Calling this story about a quirky high-school student from a dysfunctional family who lives in a goofy small town a one-joke movie is exaggerating by a factor of 10.
0.375 The most disappointing thing about "Napoleon Dynamite" is that it chooses to make its lead character the butt of its jokes
0.75 Heder is magnificent, but the film's flat, eccentric tone is Hess' overarching achievement.
0.75 It's a vacuum-packed Idaho spud of a world, but funny.
0.625 Has a sweet momentum.
0.6 The bits are hit-and-miss, though the funny ones are often very funny.
0.75 A very funny sketch of high school nerds in rural Idaho
0.5 When the audience roared at Napoleon's almost spastic way of slicing the air with his limp-spaghetti arms, I cringed.
0.75 Hess does creatively produce a droll gem that exudes a nerdy naughtiness worthy of exploring in all its deadpan deliciousness
0.75 You must see it to believe it because this film is entirely original. The movie's final line will have you in stitches. It's the most romantic line ever said on film!
0.625 A few minutes in, we know all the punchlines.
0.625 Napoleon Dynamite is like a cinematic bully, picking on the nerds with apparent glee
0.75 Captures, to hilarious extremes, all the uncomfortable- in- your- own- skin humiliation of teen dorkdom...
0.6 It's not as hilarious as it thinks it is, and it's sometimes too weird for words, but it is often pretty funny.
0.5 There's no cohesive story, just a series of opportunities for the title character to strut his gawky stuff.
0.7 You may find yourself feeling a bit guilty about enjoying it so much.
0.625 Has nerd chic.
0.75 An inspired dead-end stunt that keeps delivering snarky laughs far longer than it has any right to.
0.75 A noteworthy achievement in freaks-and-geeks cinema and often reminscent of the work of Rhode Island's famed Farrelly brothers.
0.375 There is a kind of studied stupidity that sometimes passes as humor, and Jared Hess' Napoleon Dynamite pushes it as far as it can go.
0.4 This quirky-nerdy, heartland-set tale of a teen outcast's life and dorky times fizzles.
0.5 Massages a few angry yuks at the expense of its misfit gallery.
0.625 No-frills celebration of cluelessness.
0.5 This is the sort of Sundance audience hit that doesn't necessarily travel.
0.25 Napoleon and his pals aren't the heroes of a Bruce Springsteen song who get up every morning and go to work each day. They're knuckleheads.
0.5 If I wanted to spend 90 minutes with someone like that, I'd just watch myself in the mirror...for 90 minutes.
0.6 One of the more bizarre and original characters in recent memory, Napoleon provides some great laughs despite an uneven story that often loses steam.
0.25 'This is pretty much the worst video ever made,' Napoleon complains. ... I know exactly how he feels.
0.6 It's an outlandish, goofy diversion.
0.25 Mistakes insults for jests and racism for narrative guile.
0.7 One of the most original and quirkily endearing debuts since Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket.
0.75 A little movie with a lot of heart and a lot of laughs.
0.625 Hess' deadpan debut could have been so much better if only he'd had the courage to actually appreciate his loser characters.
0.75 Commitment to honesty, along with enough genuine laughs, gives Napoleon Dynamite an appealing humanity that will leave you smiling.
0.5 Take Poindexter from Revenge Of The Nerds, give him as much charisma as, let's say a wet rag and let him master one facial expression - then you have Napoleon Dynamite.
0.6 Doesn't reach the hilarious heights that its short film predecessor Peluca does. It's funny in places, but not satisfying...wait to rent it.
0.7 Weird and often hilariously funny.
0.8 guaranteed to win over the geek inside most of us
0.2 It's a simple collection of sight gags and pratfalls that mines the overly familiar turf of awkward adolescence without bringing anything truly original to the experience.
0.6 A small-scale, deadpan film.
0.7 ...a wonderfully skewed story that weaves together tater tot fetishism, a voracious llama, tether ball, Internet dating, and the high school presidential race...
0.625 In Fourth of July terms, its pop is less dynamite than firecracker.
0.75 Nerdiness will never seem the same.
0.625 Maybe if I weren't as far removed from high school as I am now, I'd be much more into the movie's warped depiction of teenage wasteland.
0.8 Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky and appealing comedy set in Idaho about an oddball teenager who waits patiently until he gets his chance to shine on his own terms.
0.6 a wry and sober comedy about family neglect and social ostracism that is deeply, truly funny
0.6 A trashy Midwestern remake of Rushmore.
0.75 With a low-key sense of humor and without the slightest whiff of sentimentality, Hess delivers a film about geeks that makes Revenge of the Nerds look like the Hollywood tripe that it is.
0.875 A quirky, one-of-a-kind comedic gem. Even when you aren't laughing out loud, you won't be able to stop from smiling.
0.75 You'll laugh till it hurts.
0.125 For those who think there'e nothing funnier than yokels acting like idiots for 90 minutes straight.
0.7 Both as written and as acted, every single character in Napoleon Dynamite -- is richly characterized and distinctly drawn.
0.9 There's a depth of character and droll humor in Napoleon Dynamite that recalls a dash of the Coens and a pinch of Wes Anderson.
0.875 Imagine an out-there cartoon and watching it spring to live-action on the big screen.
0.9 Each actor perfectly compliments the Hess's original brand of humor that keep steady giggles bubbling from the audience, inspiring frequent bursts of uproarious laughter.
1.0 The film runs the risk of devolving into a live-action cartoon. That it never does is a credit to the Hess' strong screenplay and to the actors.
0.5 This sequel doesn't quite have the heart of the first Air Bud.
0.5 The original film's director, Charles Martin Smith... has been replaced by Richard Martin, who brings a family-hour blandness to every scene.
0.25 [The film is] marked by dumbfoundingly bad dialogue, cliche-driven plotting and groan-worthy predictability.
0.5 If you're a 7-year-old, at whom the film is aimed, you'll probably have no problem with the idea of a dog being able to join a school football team. If you're a cynical old critic like me, you may feel differently.
0.2 This doggie has fleas.
0.625 Air Bud: Golden Receiver has the same strengths and weaknesses as its predecessor. But this time the strengths are weaker and the weaknesses are stronger.
0.4 It's also hard to take seriously a film where a premise so bizarre is shrugged off as a given.
0.5 Air Bud 2 only has the ability to make you laugh (occasionally), and nothing else.
0.5 The Problem with the Air Bud sequel is simple: too many people and not enough dog.
0.3 A decent way to settle the little ones down on a Saturday afternoon, sure, but so is Ritalin.
0.25 Air Bud: Golden Receiver is just as idealess as the original.
0.375 Air Bud 2: Golden Receiver is a pale shadow of the entertaining 1997 family movie. It's a sequel that lacks the spirit and sweetness of the original.
0.625 It's a Styrofoam-cup comedy, lightweight and disposable, but this G-rated fantasy of suburban family life is a good bet for its intended audience of 12-year-olds and younger.
0.6 The film is pleasantly sweet and occasionally sharp.
0.2 The truth, unfortunately, is that the writing is flabby and tedious, and McInnes' delivery has little charisma or charm. The film is like being stuck in an elevator with a boorish drunk for an hour and a half.
0.4 Completely disposable ...
0.4 A film that fails to make the most of a good cast and a great premise.
0.4 A bland and baffling oddity ...
0.2 The stars play strangers on an odd road trip who are meant to be finding things out about each other: if you were put next to either of them on a plane, you would quickly regret your seating assignment.
0.2 a far-fetched story, told in a rather unappealing way.
0.4 Arthur Newman is overwhelmed with arty ambitions and a heavy-handed acting style. Ultimately, all the weight prevents the film from taking off and soaring.
0.5 Obviously the theme of "Arthur Newman" is the American dream of starting over, but Johnston's screenplay hits it so obviously that it loses its resonance.
0.7 A strange film about dysfunctional people directed with good pace by Dante Ariola in his feature film debut highlighted by fine performances by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt.
0.5 An offbeat, sometimes self-congratulatory road movie romance.
0.625 Firth and Blunt give life (and flawless American accents) to this restrained, and occasionally bland, road trip flick.
0.6 Often-somber drama has language, sex, drinking.
0.625 This is a decidedly minor effort, directed by Dante Ariola with a bland, generic eye, missing the pathos of interesting drama and the charm of quality romantic cinema.
0.25 One of those many indies that exist to give actors a chance to go slumming.
0.5 Well-acted but ultimately unmemorable ...
0.4 A slow, lethargic journey to nowhere, full of pseudo-profound dialogue and generic indie-drama plotting.
0.5 If anything, Arthur Newman is a reminder that some lonely people are lonely for a good reason.
0.7 Without a satisfying finale, Arthur Newman might come across as just an acting exercise. If so, it's still an impressive one.
0.4 The film equivalent of a dysfunctional computer sloppily assembled from discarded parts of other machines.
0.5 The promise it begins with doesn't pay off. And while "Arthur Newman" is not a complete disaster, it does leave you wishing the romance and the ride had been a whole lot smoother.
0.5 How can two performers as charming as Colin Firth and Emily Blunt make a movie with so little charm?
0.5 It's almost its own genre in indie films: Boring middle-aged man tired of his existence meets up with free-spirited but troubled younger woman. Romance and newfound meaning ensue.
0.5 Rent "Something Wild" instead. It tells a similar story with style, humor and pathos.
0.5 "He was kind of boring," Kevin says to Mina about his dad. "I mean, the lectures." And boring he remains.
0.75 OK, so hear me out. This movie is about Colin Firth having hot, dress-up sex with this drifter named Mike.
0.5 The script of "Arthur Newman," written two decades ago by Becky Johnston, cries out for deadpan anonymity, not the charismatic likes of these two.
0.5 Has two excellent actors on board and not a singular character who feels real as written.
0.625 Throughout Dante Ariola's film, the expressions of the false-identity theme are multitudinous, and about as subtle as Wallace's choice for a new last name.
0.5 The resolution for both characters, in a finale that turns disappointingly conventional, is so sad that it left me depressed beyond hope.
0.75 A wistful, well-acted run-away-to-find-yourself dramedy
0.6 You'll soon wish the film were about someone a bit more exciting ...
0.6 Road movie about two unhappy people who take on new identities only to find they still have to face their problems.
0.5 The generic feel that's been hard-wired into virtually everything that transpires within Arthur Newman grows more and more disheartening as time progresses...
0.2 Ariola is trying maintain a tricky balance: we have to know Arthur's green-grey world to understand what he's trying to escape from. But unfortunately the man is the movie and movie is wearisome.
0.3 comes with all the silliness and sugar-coated pop fanaticism that is found in Rodriguez's lesser kids films
0.2 No matter how many dimensions you slap on the poster, there's no accounting for lazy workmanship. Can Robert Rodriguez please make Sin City 2 now?
0.75 Clever and strange, 'Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D' is a psychedelic action movie that will boggle and entertain the minds of adults and kids alike. If you like wordplay, you will like it all the more for the witty dialogue.
0.625 Rodriguez reboots his eight-years-dormant franchise, with surprisingly entertaining and loosey-goosey results
0.25 A concatenation of scatological humor likely to keep only tiny tykes in stitches and howling away at a poop and fart jokes.
0.4 ...fairly routine fare, even for kids, and aside from cool gadgets it's just a bit dull.
0.2 Don't take your kids to see this. I never thought I would say this, but take them to see The Smurfs instead. It's a smurfload better than this pile of smurf.
0.4 Now then, what of the movie? Well, it stands a better chance of getting up your nose than crummy old AromaScope, that's for sure.
0.6 ... a shiny, complicated toy that's silly and doesn't really do anything, but is fun to play with.
0.375 The presence of Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino is sorely missed. Then again, more power to them for staying away from a movie that would smell in any dimension.
0.6 In Spy Kids 4, women are warriors and men freely cry about their fathers, and it's this inversion that made me love the movie a little bit extra.
0.2 A 3D film aimed mostly at children.
0.4 Kids will be mildly amused by it.
0.2 The mind boggles before being lulled into a stupor of inanition by this latest instalment of Robert Rodriguez's increasingly cheap-looking franchise.
0.4 Rodriguez directs the movie with his trademark kineticism, but a flimsy and uninventive script means there's little investment in the characters or their actions.
0.375 A daft plot seemingly jacked from the most brainless of Saturday morning cartoons.
0.2 Rodriguez's family franchise about underage secret agents limps into its fourth installment with shiny CGI and frequent fart jokes to hold the attention spans of the underage and undemanding.
0.4 Kids might enjoy the cheesy jokes, the shiny gadgets and the pooping dog but for adults it is snooze time all the way.
0.375 Rodriguez's various family-geared movies - notably the "Spy Kids'' series - have been annoying creative clunkers, the one area where doing things his way has seemed like an iffy way.
0.2 An endless series of scatological jokes saps the charm out of nearly every scene, and there's little effort to create an interesting mystery at the movie's center.
0.625 A pleasant time-waster kids will love with a pro-family togetherness message parents can appreciate...
0.5 This fourth "Spy Kids" picture isn't so much bad as it is just boring, lacking the buzz and brio of even some of the earlier entries in the series.
0.5 The rhythm is off, a predicament Rodriguez addresses with copious - nearly constant - excrement and evacuation humor, and sudden turns into wide-eyed sincerity.
0.2 Feels more like straight-to-DVD filler than a chapter in one of the last decade's most entertaining and sophisticated family-film franchises.
0.4 Feels more like a cheap kids' TV series than an actual movie.
0.6 Watchable, gadget-happy children's adventure that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction, some decent gags and Jessica Alba in a leather catsuit...
0.625 So plain-faced and literal-minded in its juvenile pandering that it's hard to dismiss it as a mere cash-in.
0.2 Positive messages can't save worst film in action series.
0.375 Rodriguez only needs the script to take us from one gimmick to the next, and his lack of attention to it shows.
0.2 a miserable excuse for underling entertainment
0.5 It simply entertains at a basic level without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Far more coherent than its immediate predecessor, Spy Kids: All the Time in the World in 4D benefits greatly from its two likable young leads and some of the series' wittiest, pun-filled writing.
0.4 Robert Rodriquez delivers another irritating Spy Kids movie, Spy Kids: All The Time In The World in 4D, with the redundant gimmick of scratch and sniff cards, designed to reveal on-screen aromas. Well, I didn't smell turkey. In fact, I smelt nothing.
0.4 Rodriguez' first film was the celebrated low-budget El Mariachi. This one, a chaotic mess from start to finish, must be something like his nadir.
0.625 Let's make things clear right now: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World is juvenile, rough around the edges, and frequently clumsy. And yet...and yet...the film is so likably innocuous and unsuspectingly wise that it works better than it should.
0.4 A kids' flick that's big on eye candy but which has a plot even youngsters will find wearingly familiar.
0.2 Sadly it's all fart jokes and smart-alec preteens - the stuff that can make taking kids to the pictures a chore.
0.2 Robert Rodriguez's children's films are becoming terrific reasons to get sterilised.
0.2 Spy Kids - All the Time in the World is in four dimensions - the extra one being smell - and I hated the lot.
0.4 This is a shoddy affair with anodyne first-timers Blanchard and Cook almost as annoying as Ricky Gervais's phoned-in voiceover of an animatronic terrier with a poop obsession.
0.4 A passable shake-up, even if its 'Aroma-scope' experiment stinks. Like Ricky Gervais, the Spy Kids franchise could drone on - sorry, go on - forever.
0.4 Hate to make the obvious snark, but sometimes "More" is less.
0.2 Another sequel that never should have been committed to celluloid.
0.5 It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
0.6 Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
0.625 Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
0.8 Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
0.875 It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
0.75 A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
0.4 For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
0.5 Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
0.625 Silly, sexy, and filled with music.
0.8 A hilarious, off-beat slice of 80s cheese.
0.4 Not as funny as it thinks it is.
0.8 Stupid but wonderful.
0.2 But this movie is hard to take. Sorry, go back to your own planet.
0.2 I never got into this. It just doesn't make me laugh.
0.4 Unfortunately, this movie isn't
0.6 An entertaining guilty pleasure.
0.6 Kooky and colorful little cult flick. If you're a fan of anyone in the cast, consider it a curiosity rental.
0.75 Only the most strident of advocates for political correctness will take offence at the harmless fun.
0.5 All this could be frothy fun or irritating, depending on your taste or mood.
0.625 Even running out of steam as it eventually does, there is zany goofball fun for the undiscriminating moviegoer.
0.75 A lighthearted and goofy musical comedy about a love affair between an extraterrestrial and a manicurist.
0.7 Production values are low and everything looks cheap, but the film punches above its weight and has a lot of heart.
0.6 Enjoyable, but now basically a footnote to the TV series.
0.5 This pallid crossbreeding of vampire horror with Valley Girl vamping has no surprises.
0.4 A sometimes entertaining mess. (The TV series is, shockingly, a whole lot better.)
0.4 From this whole thing, who comes out the best? Paul Reubens! Who knew?
0.2 My favorite TV show is Buffy, I still can't believe it came from this horrible movie.
0.6 A slight, good-humored film that's a lot more painless than might have been expected.
0.6 Not bad but pales to the terrific TV show.
0.2 Buffy the Vampire Slayer has a promising title and some good ideas, but fails to deliver the goods.
0.6 I know I stand alone on this, but Kristy Swanson is the one true Buffy.
0.6 Amusing trifle, notable chiefly for Paul Reubens' performance.
0.3 Barely watchable.
0.3 Flat comedy/horror flick that barely scratches the level of mediocrity in either genre.
0.6 The direction is downright bad, and the storyline really doesn't help much, but all of this is made up in spades with one of the most finely crafted formula scripts courtesy of Josh Whedon.
0.5 A fun movie; so much better than it has to be and so much better than you expect it to be.
0.7 [A] fairly perfect blend... of cartoon violence and mayhem and the pleasant lightness of a Christmas movie.
0.75 With enough sight gags to please slapstick fans and enough good-natured Christmas cheer to qualify as a good holiday film, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation should keep most viewers occupied and provide 97 minutes of goofy entertainment.
0.8 Easily the funniest of the four Vacation movies. Just try keeping a straight face when the uncouth Cousin Eddie (Randy Quaid) is on screen.
0.8 hilarious, a classic
0.6 ...a roller-coaster ride of hilarity, poignancy, vulgarity, and just plain dumbness.
0.7 the last funny installment of the series
0.8 Haven't watched it in awhile, but I remember it well and I remember enjoying it. One of the better Vacation movies (Vegas Vacation is still the best, though).
0.8 Amusing Chase vehicle on its way to being a Xmas perennial.
0.4 The new film does little more than reintroduce these familiar characters (with new actors playing the children, who would otherwise be college age by now) and let them get on one another's nerves in earnest.
0.4 There never, ever should've been more than one of these movies.
0.8 The human frailty at the center of the story makes the jokes all the funnier. Holiday films are rarely as priceless.
0.2 As always the visual gags are more prevalent then the verbal ones, and are lit up in neon so you can't miss them.
0.625 One of the great unanswered questions in Hollywood is how Chevy Chase still gets work.
0.625 Many of those episodic moments, particularly in the film's first half, are hilarious. But as picture goes along there are far too many dry spells.
0.5 Sequence after sequence seems to contain all the necessary material, to be well on the way toward a payoff, and then it somehow doesn't work.
0.6 Christmas Vacation never quite reaches the levels of suburban-angst rage that other Vacation movies do, but it does have its moments.
0.9 It may be forgotten when it comes to Top 50 lists of comedys, but it's consistently funny, a mini-classic of it's kind and a re-watcher when it comes to Christmas.
0.8 Aaron Sorkin has written an acute, hilarious, and informative screenplay which is rich with character, and is perfect fodder for director Mike Nichols, who has a knack for meshing comedy and drama.
0.625 The international intrigue becomes strained satire -- what's needed is the comic touch of a Billy Wilder.
0.5 Charlie Wilson's War features two characters who know how government is supposed to work. They also know it doesn't work as it is supposed to, so they have to subvert the system and go beyond it.
0.875 Charlie Wilson's War is both funny and entertaining. In fact, as far as making political points, you kind of have to look for them.
0.4 At a short 93 minutes, it feels as though Charlie Wilson's War was hacked up in the editing room, leaving the bare bones of the structure but little of the really juicy meat.
0.8 All of the actors clearly relish the film's fast and busy pace, smart dialog and vivid characterisations.
0.6 Hanks does a great job, brimming with the sort of charisma and charm that the real Charlie Wilson presumably had in spades.
0.5 ...succumbs to an overly and relentlessly talky vibe that prevents the viewer from connecting to the film's story or characters.
0.625 The movie never addresses the pressing questions raised in Crile's nonfiction page-turner. It also never encourages the viewer to consider that a solitary congressman appropriated more than $40 million of taxpayer money for his cause.
0.9 Charlie Wilson's War" is intelligence to be savored appreciatively.
0.4 [A]nyone who's seen, say, Michael Winterbottom's Welcome to Sarajevo or even one of those late-night "Save the Children" TV spots has seen much more gut-punching stuff.
0.9 The dialogue zings and pops whether you are trying to keep up with Hanks and Hoffman as they exchange one-liners or trying to fully understand the foreign affairs...
0.8 Suficientemente interessante para figurar entre os diversos trabalhos que fizeram de 2007 um ano tao forte para o Cinema norte-americano.
0.8 Two vaguely amoral do-gooders do their part to fight Commies in a secret hot war during a cold one%u2026you know, the one that installed the Taliban in Afghanistan and turned it into a place armed to the teeth and crazy pissed at us. Then Sorkin and Nich
0.875 Smart, sophisticated and stylish, "Charlie Wilson's War" is a victory for thinking adults.
0.6 Una inteligente satira politica, que se queda corta como critica a la intervencion de EEUU en Medio Oriente pero funciona muy bien como comedia. Tom Hanks y Philip Seymour Hoffman estan formidables.
0.7 Genuinely witty and entertaining .
1.0 The Russians are going, the Russians are going
0.4 It all adds up to something very unsatisfying, and less than honest.
0.8 Philip Seymour Hoffman provides a wonderful comic foil as the straight-talking CIA operative who helps Wilson in his covert dealings with the Afghan rebels.
0.6 The surreal comedy is that every tense twist of this secret war is horribly true.
0.6 The film itself may be uneven, but it's worth catching for Hoffman alone who gets to deliver some of the funniest lines to grace a movie in years.
0.6 Less than the sum of its A-list parts, Nichols' grown-up satire only catches fire when Hoffman's steamed up.
0.5 The performances are likeable and entertaining, while Nichols pumps the whole proceedings with a satisfyingly fluid, dramatic energy.
0.6 Slick, sharp and a little sentimental.
0.8 Extremely enjoyable. Although it's a little tonally unsure, whenever Hanks and Hoffman are on screen, any misgivings are forgiven.
0.46 Charlie Wilson's War manages to be at once utterly irresponsible and mildly entertaining.
0.8 War has rarely been this much fun, but director Mike Nichols is careful to offset the mischief with a poignant reminder of the days that lay ahead.
0.8 Consider it West Wing Lite, with some of Hollywood's finest at the helm.
0.6 Adult comedy takes an incisive look at politics.
0.75 A great starting five of film artists %u2014 director Mike Nichols, writer Adam Sorkin and actors Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts and Phillip Seymour Hoffman %u2014 have put their distinctive spin on the story
0.7 It's too easy a movie not to like it, as a diversion rather than a serious work of art, perhaps.
0.625 Without Philip Seymour Hoffman's Gust, this would be a mildly amusing 2-star dramedy. His deadpan punchlines elevate it beyond well-intentioned shlock
0.67 Nichols and Sorkin take the easy way out, promoting the personal tale of the roguish Wilson, rather than establishing a real socio-political context within which something insightful might have emerged
0.8 a slick, smart, and subversive look at where America went wrong with its geo-political thinking
0.75 as good as this movie is, I get the sense that Charlie Wilson himself has some better stories to tell.
0.875 What a treat! Charlie Wilson's War is the perfect Christmas present for thinking moviegoers.
0.75 You won't likely be blown away by the film, and it's not as hard-hitting as it probably ought to be. Still, it's a solid picture with enough good elements to sell it.
0.9 It's a marvel of snappy dialogue and precision timing.
0.875 You may find better films that deal with the precursors of our present blowback in the Middle East, but you won't find many more entertaining.
0.75 Alas, for all the down-and-dirty of covert ops and back-channel diplomacy depicted in Charlie Wilson's War, the movie feels a little too scrubbed, too sanitized.
0.6 ... while movies can and do mark history, to a degree, they're also entertainment, and "Charlie Wilson's War" largely succeeds on that front.
1.0 Don't miss this one.
0.8 ...sharp, smart and funny...
0.875 Have you ever hear of Congressman Charlie Wilson who served Texas' 2nd District from 1973 to 1996? Neither had I, despite the fact that he was virtually single-handedly responsible for toppling the Soviet Union.
0.9 One of the year's very best films.
0.8 You'll want to stand up and cheer for Charlie Wilson, a smart and absolutely irresistable true tale about a guy who dared to make a difference.
0.8 It's a smart political comedy that tackles a solemn situation, but doesn't forget that it's meant to entertain as well.
0.75 As a commentary on current events, it's unconvincing; but as a rollicking '"Dallas" set in Washington,' it's excellent.
0.5 Something doesn't smell right with Charlie Wilson's War. I'm not particularly concerned with the specific facts it has left out of its telling. But what has been left in feels compromised and dodgy.
0.75 It is briskly paced, nimbly acted and crisply directed by Mike Nichols.
0.6 For a satire to bite, someone has to draw blood.
0.75 Though pitched as comedy with absurdist flourishes, you can't help thinking that Charlie Wilson's War accurately captures the less-than-kosher methods by which laws are passed and money dispersed in our nation's capital.
0.75 It is so much fun watching these actors enjoy bouncing off each other, it's almost too easy to forget the importance of the story being told.
0.75 If the story feels incomplete and a tad abrupt, it may be because only time will tell us how it ends.
0.75 The film moves along smartly despite being stuffed to bursting with details of arms deals, diplomatic ploys and political maneuvering.
0.75 If Charlie doesn't feel quite real, Hanks at least makes him good company.
0.75 A feel-good comedy about a covert US effort to fund resistance to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan? What will Hollywood think of next?
0.75 It's one of the better flicks of the Christmas movie season.
0.625 The political messages come in fits and starts, but the film's bittersweet final section hints at the far-reaching impact of Wilson's efforts, both positive and negative.
0.875 The movie's energizing strength is intelligence. It is so entertainingly adult.
0.75 Though not great, Charlie Wilson's War is definitely worthwhile and entertaining, and clocking in at a modest 98 minutes, it doesn't overstay its welcome.
0.875 The season's oddest and perhaps most effective war movie.
0.625 It's not a great film, but it's so swift (barely 90 minutes) and fun that you barely notice.
0.75 Tom Hanks delivers another of his patented good-guy roles.
0.75 It's a smart, hugely entertaining romp through the back channels of power that celebrates the power of the determined individual to alter the course of human events. But the implications and consequences of Wilson's crusade are... troubling.
0.75 While not deeply insightful, Charlie Wilson's War is an eye-opening and sassy tale of political will making for unlikely bedfellows.
0.875 Highly entertaining -- and mildly uncomfortable.
0.75 Rather than another of the solemn examinations of American foreign policy Charlie Wilson's War is a quip-filled, high-spirited comedy.
0.75 A Bizarro-world Frank Capra picture...Though the story deserves more weight...still a pleasing, unusually smart, consistently witty mass entertainment.
0.75 Nichols fills the edges of the screen with unforced humor.
0.5 Contrary to what Sorkin and Nichols seem to think, the problem is not that topicality and entertainment don't mix. It's that audacity and self-congratulation don't.
0.4 This is a visually and emotionally soft affair, and the material calls for something with far sharper edges.
0.8 It's quite a yarn, and the filmmakers relate it with clarity and verve.
0.7 Director Mike Nichols, working from Sorkin's terrifically written screenplay and with a cast that's obviously game and eager to please, pulls it all together and makes it work in an utterly convincing and crowd-pleasing fashion
0.875 A smart, funny, sophisticated story for grown-ups that steers clear of Iraq-fatigue and instead buries its sardonic message beneath bourbon and bimbos.
0.75 Out of the rash of socio-political movies this season, this stands as the best; thanks in large part to the film's trio of stars and the snarky script from Aaron Sorkin.
0.8 Imagine getting a fascinating, if unsettling history lesson while watching a Judd Apatow comedy like 'Knocked Up,' and that's how 'Charlie Wilson's War' unfolds.
0.87 is is a charming, slight film - a nice little movie. And that's great. But somehow I think the filmmakers were hoping for something more.
0.8 Witty, wacky, and wildly inappropriate for our Puritan PC times, this story...breezes of effortless engagement, filled with performances so potent they act like double shots of soothing Southern Comfort.
0.75 Charlie Wilson's War takes a kernel of truth and roasts it into a popcorn movie. There's terrific fun to be had, and much wry comedy too.
0.75 Charlie Wilson's War tells its tale briskly, almost merrily. This is not a sober history lesson, but a political comedy laced with sex (party girls in limos, strippers in hot tubs), booze, and even good old-fashioned cocaine.
1.0 If we learned anything from The Da Vinci Code, it is how you should never under estimate Tom Hanks with a goofy hair cut.
0.8 An often-hilarious political satire that tells a story so bizarre and unlikely that it comes as no surprise to discover that most of it is indeed true
0.75 Under Mike Nichols's direction Hanks, Roberts and Hoffman have a great time with Sorkin's dialogue, even if these aren't the sorts of parts that win Oscars.
0.4 Charlie Wilson's War is an anachronism, the wrong movie at the wrong time. Not only does it tell its tale in a style that feels dated and artificial, the story itself focuses on events that history has overtaken.
0.75 Offers some pretty good political insight for a 97-minute comedy
0.6 Sounds like a spy movie but it's handled as a comedy, and while the whole thing is droll (there's more than a few funny exchanges in the film), it also feels weightless.
0.875 The weight of current events in Iraq and Afghanistan push at the back of your mind as you watch the film.
0.75 A lean and tight insider's look at the absurdity, deceit, and artifice of politics.
0.5 Only Hoffman manages to make a silk purse out of this sow's ear... by blustering through his line readings with a raw energy the rest of the film sorely lacks.
0.6 Like grafting the conflict-free pizzazz of Ocean's Thirteen onto Lions for Lambs.
0.625 [It's]a satire of the second Cold War and clueless American politics, while also celebrating the comparatively loose morals and naivete of the greed decade.
0.75 A mostly amusing film that features smart performances and even-smarter dialogue.
0.6 entertaining, and that's about the extent of it.
0.25 Nichols's cut, gutted version (of Aaron Sorkin's script) offers a few cheery, breezy moments of rat-a-tat comedy, but Charlie Wilson's War stops being funny when you realize we're living in the sequel.
0.25 A forgettable and too-glossy piffle posing ridiculously as Oscar bait, Charlie Wilson's War tells a true story that warrants more respect than this lifeless, frivolous drudge of a final product.
0.7 A scene-stealing performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman.
0.7 It actually cares about entertaining its audience, about giving them something to laugh at and have fun with before hitting them over the head with how bad things are.
0.875 Director Mike Nichols and writer Aaron Sorkin tell the story nimbly and intelligently in Charlie Wilson's War, which has been billed as a comedy but contains sobering reminders about modern international affairs.
0.625 Sorkin is a deft explicator of Washington geopolitics for dummies, but he patronizes us with blunt lessons on the mujahideen and Afghanistan geography.
0.1 The lines brought to mind what sportswriter Red Smith said when asked how he writes, 'I open a vein,'... Alan Sorkin's seem to come straight from an artery, so labored are they.
0.875 All of a sudden, Hoffman is having one of the most spectacular years any movie actor ever had.
0.8 When Charlie Wilson's War is on target -- pretty much every time Tom Hanks and Philip Seymour Hoffman appear on-screen together -- it's a really enjoyable movie.
0.8 The history that's here is worth knowing, and Hanks, Roberts, Hoffman and Nichols make those Beat-the-Russkies '80s seem like a party.
0.875 It's a mystery why Reagan didn't stop spinning in his grave long enough to incinerate all prints of this propaganda with his lie-destroying eye lasers.
0.75 ...comes as a decided relief after a fall of clumsy, heavy-handed Iraq war dramas.
0.75 Sterling entertainment punched across with enough glitz to sell it but not too much to bury it.
0.875 Mike Nichols' cheeky film about the Texas Congressman who helped fund the Afghan army tells one side of an important story. And it tells it well, thanks to an A-list cast and Aaron Sorkin's typically zingy script.
0.6 A snappy political satire about a Texas Congressman and his efforts to win the Cold War by defeating the Russians in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
0.8 Ultimately it's a film that understands that it's OK to insert a little T&A into the political discourse.
0.5 Just because a politically savvy satire has an eloquent tongue in its cheek doesn't mean the message won't seem painfully obvious.
0.625 A pleasant enough film, but I simply didn't see what all the awards talk is about.
0.9 There's a stinger in the tail of the story when the happy ending it reaches is no ending at all, but is instead a step on the road to the present day.
0.8 Perhaps a better way to remember these two colorful characters ... is with a little gem by Gust: 'What brought us together was chasing pussy and killing communists.'
0.875 With its rapid pace, smart screenplay, and top-notch acting, this is one of the 2007 Oscar season's most appealing and compelling adult motion pictures.
0.5 As for the nuts-and-bolts of political strategy, Nichols navigates them as prosaically as he did in his last treatment of a sybaritic pol, the trivial Primary Colors.
0.875 Another war film, with an exception, this one is Entertaining! I applaud Aaron Sorkin!!!
0.75 This is certainly the most dynamic of the war films that have been choking and dying at the multiplex.
0.8 In Mike Nichols' smart satire of US engagement with the Middle East, history is shown to repeat itself as both tragedy and farce.
0.8 Lively and enlightening, this truth-is-stranger-than-fiction caper takes an ironic, satirical, even shallow tone.
1.0 Nichols has all cylinders cooking with this stuff, especially with the flow of zingers by Sporkin delivered in rapid fire exquisiteness of expression.
0.625 Call it Afghanishtar. So strange that Democrats are shown killing Commies--not calling for sanctions against them or filing motions in the U.N.
0.6 Performances from Hoffman and Hanks are so strong that, almost in spite of itself, Charlie Wilson's War is worth a look.
0.6 While it's hardly genre-changing, this is a nice dose of fun, family entertainment.
0.4 Everything about this "Race" comes off as a cheap also-ran, with little of that ol' Disney magic anywhere to be found.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare: Cute, precocious children are protected by a world-weary, wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound.
0.625 A reasonably satisfying family film that updates things while staying true to the adventurous, sci-fi spirit of the originals.
0.375 If it's possible for a movie to be agressively bland, Race to Witch Mountain is that movie. [Blu-ray]
0.5 ...suffers from a pervasively stagnant atmosphere that effectively drains the energy right out of its high-octane moments...
0.6 Race with your kids to see it.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain is the first kids' film in ages to have action beats that measure up to Hollywood's grownup action fare.
0.6 In 35 years, people probably will have forgotten 'Race to Witch Mountain' the way my generation has amnesia when it comes to its 1975 predecessor 'Escape to Witch Mountain.'
0.5 Johnson holds his own against the cute wunderkinder, but nobody's a match for the f/x onslaught of the noisy climax.
0.6 This kids' adventure from Disney is amiable with nice performances.
0.2 The result is a disappointingly unadventurous adventure, with characters and events that never involve us.
0.6 There are decent special effects, and Johnson can play it tough while also being a kid-friendly presence.
0.4 Cue a not very dazzling chase movie.
0.6 Family audiences in search of Easter entertainment will not feel disappointed by what is basically one long chase and the film will make a great theme-park ride.
0.2 This surely has to be the last of the series.
0.6 The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here, with beefed-up action, hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix.
0.5 In the long run, one would be advised to walk slowly and sluggishly, not race hurriedly, to the so-called new and improved findings at weak-kneed Witch Mountain.
0.6 Once the action gets going, it's easy to forget that the plot has left for the planet La-La and just enjoy the fun.
0.6 An unexpectedly entertaining mixture of good, clean Disney fun with some rather more modern action scenes, lent charm by Johnson's natural swagger. One of the better family films in a while.
0.333333333333 It's pacy all right, but glib and uninvolving for grown-ups, though perhaps furnished with enough in the way of spaceships, lasers and digital explosions to pacify undemanding little 'uns of an afternoon.
0.6 It's a rattling good chase movie. The young aliens have useful tricks. Johnson is the contractual comic liability. Perfect holiday nonsense.
0.6 Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences, some adult-pleasing comic one-liners.
0.4 Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi. Its themes are predictable and its look generic: this is one Race you may want to sit out.
0.6 One minute Seth is solid enough to stop a speeding 4x4, next he's panicking over an approaching UFO. Such cheating robs the film of tension: we need to know limits to start caring.
0.6 While this isn't a bad film, it's a touch too dry and maybe even a bit too slow for it to be the rush it should be.
0.6 Race proves a fun, snappy update to a goofy kiddie cult film.
0.4 The cast of Race to Witch Mountain do their best, but they're let down by some poor effects and a lazy script.
0.6 This completely revamped action movie is enjoyably watchable, even though there's not a moment of suspense in its squeaky clean plot.
0.75 A gleeful throwback to the era of Disney's '70s live-action movies that aimed only to offer good clean fun.
0.75 [The Rock's] skill at making the transformation from an "aliens are all around us" skeptic to a true believer is the rock solid foundation [for] this delightful kids' flick.
0.6 If only they had told that Predator dude to go back to the right set . . . .
0.25 Some kids might like "Race to Witch Mountain." But more discerning kids might not.
0.5 AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig are fine, but this 'X Files' for small fry has about as much heft as a bubble of swamp gas.
0.625 a decent and at times entertaining bit of kid-centric fantastical escapism that alternates its hectic chase sequences and special effects spectacle with comedy involving government conspiracies and a geeky sci-fi convention.
0.4 Writers Matt Lopez and Mark Bomback, with director Andy Fickman, have seasoned this empty-calorie feast for easy digestion.
0.625 'Witch Mountain' has heart, humor and a touch of magic.
0.7 Despite its obvious contrivances, it's cornball sci-fi fun.
0.625 This new version may appeal to the target audience of young kids, but for adults, it's a bit of a slog to get through.
0.5 By the numbers Disney flick; okay for kids but bland for adults
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain finds new ground that makes it fun and suitable for young children
0.75 Saves its best for last and emerges as an enjoyable and competent bit of family entertainment.
0.5 Dwayne Johnson shines alongside rising star AnnaSophia Robb, but the film's cookie-cutter plot and adolescent script make Witch Mountain hardly worth racing to.
0.5 While this film may not qualify as classic science-fiction and takes some liberties with author Alexander Key's material, at least it's fun.
0.3 The original is at least kitschy fun. So rent that before you even think about spending $40 for the family to see this.
0.4 Witch Mountain isn't nearly as soulless or crass as other recent Disney remakes, but it's definitely louder.
0.5 Race to Witch Mountain holds no surprises (even granting that it's a remake).
0.375 Witch Mountain isn't escapism but a feature-length reminder that things are bad all over.
0.75 ... exactly as advertised: a sci-fi race to save the aliens and save the world (while dropping plenty of hints for a potential sequel and franchise).
0.625 Dwayne Johnson's Race to Witch Mountain plays out like a kiddie franchise starter kit.
0.5 ...certainly not in the E.T.bracket.
0.8 Though this is squeaky clean and one you can be totally comfortable taking kids to see, it needs the comic relief of a funny sidekick and some humor.
0.6 A fun, heart-racing adventure. This one has it all.
0.7 If you're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies, you're going to be sorely disappointed. However, this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family.
0.4 If Disney insists on raiding its own vaults for remakes, maybe they'll have better luck with The Laser-Vision, Missile-Launching, Face-Shredding Cat from Outer Space.
0.6 Sci-fi remake is action packed and intense for a PG film.
0.75 An action movie for kids that adults should have no problem sitting through.
0.25 Wow, when Disney misses the 'reimagining' mark, it really misses.
0.5 The head-cracking, explosions and gunplay eventually get out of hand, considering that, revamp or no revamp, Witch Mountain is still a Disney film aimed squarely at kids.
0.6 proves that some remakes can be just as entertaining if not more so, than the original.
0.5 This is not a story that cries out to be remade every 15-20 years. And, while the special effects and acting are getting better, the story isn't.
0.5 For all that energy, the film never really goes into orbit.
0.25 Bears all the signs of having been composed by an inferior race of alien screenwriters from the Hackulon System.
0.7 A fast and furious wild ride of a movie in which the good guys are good, the bad guys are good and the car chases are pretty spectacular.
0.5 Director Andy Fickman does an OK job of keeping all the balls in the air, though when it comes to loud but bloodless action, he's all thumbs.
0.7 Race To Witch Mountain is fast and furious and the action is bound to please children, who are the target audience.
0.75 It's a fast, funny, frightening and family-friendly movie, an affectionate tribute to the original, and a vintage thrill ride enhanced by modern visual trickery, crazy characters -- and a soupcon of skepticism.
0.5 A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney's latest: Race to Witch Mountain.
0.5 Although Race to Witch Mountain is about space travelers, little soars here. The film is so by-the-book (and we don't mean Key's 1968 novel) that it's hard to recount it without reverting to blahblahblah.
0.75 The result may not be a diamond in the rough, but it is a nice, shiny zircon.
0.6 .... if Fickman's sole mission was to create a film that will keep children thoroughly enthralled, then it's safe to say he easily achieved his goal.
0.2 As much I disliked Disney's excuse to make more money, I now know that Nationwide is on my side. The product placement is atrocious.
0.375 A movie with plenty of action, and not much story
0.6 Modest and diverting, rough and bland, with some good (if not quite Bette Davis caliber) actors and so-so special effects.
0.4 ...a film so incompetently directed and poorly written that it insults kids' intelligence, much less the adults who brought them.
0.5 Kids will want to root for their alien counterparts on screen. But they are second fiddle to the Rock wracking it up.
0.4 A slick but pointless work that will probably do well for a weekend or two but which will quickly fade from memory even as the original continues to attract new legions of fans.
0.6 a textbook "crowd pleaser," a movie made to really resonate with the lowest common denominators in the demographic
0.6 While Escape was superior in story, Race does commit to an impressive scope.
0.625 Race to Witch Mountain is a satisfying snack of a family adventure. It doesn't condescend to youngsters or shortchange adults.
0.375 This is not a movie. It's a coming attraction for a theme park.
0.625 Mediocre family fare that's simply not that much fun.
0.6 Race to Witch Mountain" is made for kids, with a mix of family-friendly thrills and conspiracy mythos and special-effects action ... think of it as "The PG Files."
0.5 Given enough popcorn, kids should find it diverting; adults may be less than enthralled.
0.625 It's all fairly enjoyable, but also predictable and occasionally corny.
0.375 A flavorless sci-fi family picture that fools itself into thinking it is more grandiose than it is. Has all the thrills of a race between a slug and a hermit crab.
0.5 The film doesn't really have a plot. It's more of a premise, cartoonishly executed.
0.5 ...while "Race to Witch Mountain" rarely rises above the functional, either as storytelling or as visual kinetics, it moves like it means it and keeps Johnson front and center, either fuming or sputtering.
0.5 More like a pile of small, strange rocks that somehow landed in the same hole.
0.4 Instead of the next Schwarzenegger the Rock is the next Guttenberg and we have Disney to thank for it.
0.7 This is a fun movie, but Disney was wise to cut it off at 98 minutes. More would have been too much.
0.5 The story, acting and dialogue somehow came out weaker and creakier than before.
0.625 Since Seth and Sara only appropriated the bodies of human teenagers, I was left with a couple of questions.
0.6 It's a pleasant-enough diversion. Who knows, maybe the sequel will improve on this. Because from the looks of things at the end, there's bound to be one.
0.4 Unfortunately, there's simply no way to take something that was once fresh and transform it into a referential collage of all that followed without caving to every imaginable genre cliche in the Hollywood playbook.
0.6 0.5
0.5 Never funny enough to pass muster as a comedy and never scary enough (if at all) to make it as a horror movie.
0.4 Given the talent involved, it's almost impressive how much of a misfire the film is.
0.0 Oh, Wes, what did we all do to deserve this?
0.4 Is it comedy? Is it horror? Uneven film that never lives up to its potential as either.
0.25 Vampire in Brooklyn is neither funny nor frightening and comes up a tedious middle-road hybrid from veteran scaremeister Wes Craven, who directed.
0.4 Essentially little more than a romantic triangle with a 'good versus evil' twist, it's not a bad film, but it is also neither winningly funny enough to exploit Murphy's talents nor bitingly scary enough to exploit Craven's.
0.41 The horror relies on special effects so obvious that the scares are compromised.
0.375 Murphy's pale efforts are enough to make one fondly recall Blacula. Now that was one sucker who knew how to make a film that didn't.
0.5 Lightweight fun.
0.5 Doesn't live up to its promise or premise.
0.25 To call this a comedy is a sign of optimism; to call it a comeback for Murphy is a sign of blind faith.
0.125 Kadeem Hardison is the best thing about this film, playing Maximillian's slowly rotting ghoul henchman. However; one has to wonder about a film where Eddie Murphy needs comic relief.
0.5 They're no match, though, for the crushing disappointment of having to watch Murphy on the comic sidelines. It's like going to a Barbra Streisand concert and being asked to listen with her while the rhythm section sings.
0.4 Neither all that scary nor all that hilarious, Vampire in Brooklyn falls directly between the two, into the valley of mediocrity.
0.375 Murphy's performance is pretty good most of the way, but he needed a stronger director than horrormeister Wes Craven to keep him in check.
0.6 A big, glossy and mostly puerile project bound to please Murphy's fans.
0.4 The entire film wants to be a carbon copy of Rushmore, with the addition of dark slickness and the omission of general quality.
0.7 Depending on your personal taste, the following statement may make or break Assassination for you: the movie is cute.
0.85 Brett Simon's clever high school noir debut is more Heathers than John Hughes
0.666666666667 The contemplative rigor Return brings to concepts of imagery and technology yields rewards if you're willing to work for them.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
0.9 Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
0.875 Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
0.8 One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
0.6 Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
0.625 Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
0.8 Truly enchanting.
0.8 [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
0.875 If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
0.75 The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
0.875 What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
1.0 To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
0.5 Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
0.95 "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
0.75 It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
0.75 Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
0.75 If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
0.8 An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
0.8 "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
0.9 masterful and unique
0.8 It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
0.8 This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
1.0 A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
0.95 The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
1.0 The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
0.9 Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
1.0 I have been a fan of Apichatpong Weerasethakul's for years, and his stature keeps growing.
0.875 Takes a sweet, long time to work its magic on you.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 What you see and hear always seems perfectly natural, even if you can't exactly say why. Who needs words when you have cinema?
0.6 Mesmeric and meandering, Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing, and it has great qualities, but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach.
0.4 The narrative is devoid of any conventional structure, and the pace is punishingly slow.
0.6 Meaning may prove elusive, and boredom is never exactly kept at bay, but what's on screen is unique and beguiling enough to make it worth persevering.
0.8 A film so entrancing, original and hypnotic that the moment it finishes the immediate impulse is to watch it again.
0.6 The film's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural won't appeal to the mainstream, despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation.
0.8 Apichatpong doesn't use his camera to stress what we should be looking at, thinking or hearing. He uses long takes and subtle edits to generate moods, atmospheres and feelings.
1.0 It is a total wonderwork: enchanting, bizarre, complex, original.
0.8 Play along with it and enjoy one of the most bizarre and original films to come out this year.
0.6 A gentle trance-out and the strangest Palme d'Or winner in a while.
0.4 Mesmeric in the way that staring at a tank of tropical fish for a couple of hours is mesmeric. Still, just the ticket if you're high, recovering from major surgery or are a cat.
0.4 Less a Palme D'Or than a Dalme Sn'Or.
1.0 Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is a unique and mesmerising piece of filmmaking, but it won't be to everyone's taste.
0.8 Easy to eulogise but tough to explain. Funny strange, funny ha-ha and finally affecting, it's a film of poignant, quietly patient power...
0.3 There's crap, and there's pseudo-intellectual crap. Uncle Boonmee apparently falls into the latter category.
0.75 A beautiful, slow-moving meditation on life, death, and relationships that transcend time and space.
0.6 Fascinating, hypnotic and deeply, deeply weird, Apichatpong's Palm d'Or winner is a beautifully shot Thai drama that will baffle and amaze in equal measure.
1.0 Shooting with an unfussy verite aesthetic, Apichatpong crafts a delicate, enveloping spell, creating a world where the intrusion of the supernatural is almost commonplace.
1.0 Uncle Boonmee is a delightfully original, if not entirely explicable, story of a dying Buddhist man's journey into the jungle.
0.75 Throughout Uncle Boonmee, Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane, from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees.
1.0 This is a visionary film in the director's characteristic style: mysterious, dreamlike, gentle, quiet, magical.
1.0 It's barely a film; more a floating world. To watch it is to feel many things -- balmed, seduced, amused, mystified.
0.8 A whimsical essay about the final days of a villager suffering from kidney failure it is undoubtedly one of the filmmaker's most accessible works.
0.8 It's probably more historically important than it is a masterpiece (the last 20 minutes take the missed conections and misunderstandings an inch too far), but it's still very easy to fall in love with.
0.6 Perhaps not the greatest of the screwball comedies, but Frank Capra's It Happened One Night is one of the racier.
0.875 Viewed even today with all of its plot elements recycled ad nauseam by Hollywood (for rom-coms, road trip comedies, odd couple/buddy films, etc.), the film still holds up because we believe Gable and Colbert and can identify with them both right away.
1.0 It's nearly impossible to find anyone who doesn't love it. Or doesn't feel, in some way, that it speaks to them.
0.8 It Happened One Night was in many ways a predecessor to the modern romantic comedy, and its dynamics will still feel familiar to the current-day viewer.
1.0 As buoyant and elegant as bubbles in a glass of champagne, Frank Capra's sublime 1934 comedy... survives triumphantly because of its wit, charm, romantic idealism and its shrewd sketch of married life.
1.0 Still one of the best screwball comedies.
1.0 A screwball comedy with charm and sass it established a template that countless films have followed down the decades.
0.8 It Happened One Night is pure delight.
1.0 As classy and charming a romantic comedy as you're ever likely to see...
1.0 Both stars loathed the experience yet turned in two of their most enduring performances.
1.0 An old school classic.
0.7 The story of a runaway heiress falling in with a devilish, wise-cracking reporter on a cross-country roadtrip now seems like a cliche only because so many other films have copied its structure.
1.0 Only minorly dated, this film would play well for modern audiences despite being more than 70 years old.
0.7 Who can resist a movie where the girl's father provides his daughter with a getaway car from her own wedding?
1.0 It Happened One Night is a true classic in every sense of the word, one that withstands the test of time and indeed defies it completely.
1.0 The romantic comedy that all others draw from, few imitate effectively, and none have been able to replicate.
1.0 Not only will the Walls of Jericho fall, but so will the walls of your heart.
1.0 Still as good as everyone says it is.
0.8 It dates badly, but there's enough here to make it worthwhile
1.0 Uma perola de bom humor e otimismo.
1.0 It happened one night in 1934, and it happens every time we watch this utterly beguiling film.
0.9 The ultimate dizzy, romantic, screwball comedy.
0.875 Its opposites-attract melding of screwball comedy and the road trip elements has become one of about a half-dozen standard love story formulas. Most years, there's at least one theatrical release that owes a debt to this film.
0.5 There are some very nice moments throughout that give one hope along the way, but when the conclusion arrives, disappointment is unavoidable.
0.2 Most notable for its bathroom jokes, humorous rape scenes and abysmal home-movie cinematography, [the film is a] reputation-dimming mess.
0.6 For fans of Almodovar, this first foray into filmmaking is essential viewing.
0.82 Heat feels like a cobbled-together conclusion to this so-called trilogy, a movie that offers little of what made the other offerings...so terrific in the first place.
0.7 Morrissey turns to fame and travels from New York to Los Angeles for this outrageously funny but almost painfully sharp comedy.
0.5 This might have worked better as a television episode or a short film, but as a feature, it's merely another one of those overly-long films where the audience must wait around in silence for the same conclusion we've seen countless times.
0.625 A conventional yet entertaining romantic comedy...
0.4 Bateman and Aniston are fine but don't have any real chemistry together, whilst the direction is flat and rather uninteresting. It has the occasional good moment, but "The Switch" fails to push any buttons. Or, indeed, pull any switches.
0.4 despite a novel plot device, The Switch is a disappointingly formulaic film and at times quite soulless.
0.625 You have to overlook a whole lot of guff in order to enjoy the slight but pleasurable entertainment of The Switch.
0.75 Directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck find some heart and wit in the screenplay, and they draw a strong performance from Bateman, who?s funny and sympathetic as the lovelorn Wally.
0.8 I would describe this movie first as sweet, then as funny - though the funny is definitely present, either dry and sly, or big and farcical. It's definitely a movie worth checking out.
0.5 Another week, another Jennifer Aniston rom-com. This one's passable, but saddled with a problematic central plot device.
0.6 Aniston still has a winning way with a comic line although it is really Bateman who carries the film, yet even his understated performance is consistently upstaged by young Robinson.
0.4 Let down by inconsistent characterisation and finally ending in gloopy sentimentality and silliness.
0.6 Aniston has wasted herself on some pretty thankless roles recently, but she is exactly right for this movie.
0.4 It strains to portray a progressive modern woman, but Aniston's role is the weakest link.
0.6 There's an interesting story in there somewhere about nature and nurture, and the pros and cons of being clever or merely good-looking.
0.4 Despite winning turns by Lewis and an on-form Goldblum, the laughs are in short supply.
0.6 There's much to enjoy, if not quite enough to disguise the film's essential awkwardness in trying to cover too many bases.
0.8 There are some good lines, especially from the supporting cast including Jeff Goldblum and Juliette Lewis, and enough moving and witty touches, despite the contrived and predictable plot.
0.4 Co-helmers Josh Gordon and Will Speck don't just distort the original intention of Eugenides's story, they force it kicking and screaming into a romantic comedy mould.
0.4 One wonders how much more of these kinds of films Aniston can make.
0.6 This is exactly the kind of role that suits Jen down to the ground. As Kassie, she's dead funny, deeply watchable and hugely likeable. It's just a shame there's not more of her.
0.6 Surprisingly likeable relationship comedy-drama, enlivened by terrific performances from Jason Bateman, Jeff Goldblum and young Thomas Robinson...
0.6 Jason Bateman plays the reserved guy we're used to by now, but he has so much charisma his character Wally is effortlessly watchable, and the best thing about the film.
0.625 Mildly entertaining, but there's no reason not to wait for the DVD.
0.625 The movie doesn't suck. Which is not to say it's great, but thanks to a wonderfully nuanced performance by Bateman, it is surprisingly moving in spots...
0.7 A movie that, based on its premise, has absolutely no business being as good as it is. An affecting and very entertaining father-son story.
0.6 Isn't without its moments, but any time Aniston and Bateman push at something more honest and truthful, the film purposefully snaps back into standard rom-com mode.
0.875 At its best, The Switch plays against expectations.
0.2 An attractive and talented cast is utterly wasted in this insipid alleged comedy.
0.6 ... the movie has its charms, mostly thanks to the star chemistry of Aniston and Bateman.
0.6 You know within five minutes of the start exactly where The Switch is heading, but getting there is still a surprisingly entertaining journey.
0.8 Jennifer Aniston finally hits paydirt with a cleverly written rom-com about a broody single woman who turns to the turkey baster.
0.125 So annoying I wanted to throw a turkey baster at it.
0.75 In The Switch, Bateman plays a not-so-romantic lead who sometimes makes you want to shake him. And still, he's never been so appealing.
0.4 The Switch sets some kind of record in the creepy-premise category: It's about a guy who woos a girl by sneaking his sperm into her uterus. Now, that's romantic.
0.75 Bateman turns the standard leading male archetype on its head.
0.6 Wisely the emphasis is on Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson and not Jennifer Aniston
0.375 A real switch would have been to draw some real characters and let them dictate the story instead of plugging good actors into a tired formula.
0.125 A walkout-bad, 'bait and switch' rip-off bearing less resemblance to Juno or Little Miss Sunshine than to terrible TV sitcoms revolving around the shopworn 'one big lie' plot device.
0.6 A slightly more serious take on the rom-com, this film benefits hugely from its likeable cast even though the script lets frequently them down.
0.5 Robinson is the only saving grace of the movie, stealing every scene that he appears in. He almost salvages this wreck that fails to pass muster and should have gone straight to...
0.7 It's indie-Bateman against Hollywood-Aniston. And for the most part, Bateman wins. It's shocking an idea this absurd can work, but it's funny and charming.
0.625 Jeff Goldblum was The Fly before Aniston was slumming under the rainbow in Leprechaun and Bateman stood in Valerie's family photos. Goldblum can wear the same purple shirt in every scene if he wants to...
0.25 Did none of the filmmakers -- or the (mostly women) viewers at my screening -- not realize that Wally's action of implanting his unwanted sperm into Kassie qualifies as a form of rape? We're supposed to cheer Wally on -- shouldn't he be going to jail?
0.5 Quirky and implausible, it's a formulaic and utterly predictable romance.
0.4 The only problem with this Jennifer Aniston rom-com is, well, Jennifer Aniston.
0.5 Just because a star's personal life makes for engrossing, if deceptive reading, doesn't mean their movies are anywhere nearly as entertaining.
0.5 Not bad bad as the poster makes it out to be, but not good either.
0.8 suffused with a piquant sense of melancholia . . . it makes its points with sly precision and a wicked sense of humor
0.625 The Switch proves Jason Bateman should headline more features - and that we don't need another sperm donor comedy.
0.5 t's worth noting at this point that in real life, a good number of people, most of them doctors, have gone to jail for fraudulently inseminating women.
0.625 There aren't enough surprises to justify the title, but The Switch produces sufficient light for a late-summer diversion.
0.684 Heartfelt and occasionally funny albeit unsurprising and somewhat contrived. Newcomer Thomas Henderson steals the show in the best performance by a child actor in recent memory.
0.1 There's not enough RU-486 in the world to make this movie stop existing.
0.2 Do women desirous of offspring actually throw "I'm Getting Pregnant" parties at which their chosen sperm donor arrives bearing baby juice in a plastic cup?
0.3 Perverse gender politics are at play here in this insemination fantasy about a man hijacking a woman's uterus in a long play to win her heart.
0.625 The comedy itself suffers from awkward scheduling. Though this isn't its only wrinkle.
0.6 The Switch is a romantic comedy that presents a rare surprise: it won't make you want to scoop out your eyes with a soup ladle.
0.75 Despite a relatively predictable plot and inconsistent pacing, The Switch scores thanks to a good balance of humor and heart.
0.4 Amiable fluff that takes its time learning how to walk, talk, and generally act like the kid-centric rom-com that it is.
0.6 OK romcom centers on sperm donation, single parenthood.
0.75 For Bateman (adeptly mixing melancholia with humor), Goldblum, and a boy whose talents haven't been since the young Jonathan Lipnicki ... pregnant pause here ... this film bears watching.
0.75 Evolves from an uneasy romantic comedy into a surprisingly tender and generous love story about fathers and sons as well as men and women...
0.625 The chemistry between Jason Bateman and a grave, sweet child actor gives 'The Switch' a little melancholy magic you might not expect, what with its sitcom-y plot and dialogue.
0.2 Likable cast wasted in a dopey comedy. But hey, at least it has the first head-lice-removal instructional montage in romcom history.
0.7 The Switch is a wonderfully cute flick that builds realistic chemistry between a father and son. Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson have amazing emotional arcs.
0.75 A warm, quirkily observant film, strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key, easygoing vibe.
0.5 Tries to be more than a sitcom but keeps falling back on cheap laughs.
0.625 With so much working against the film, it's a genuine surprise when you find yourself entertained anyway, thanks to the strong comedic leads.
0.4 It's Judd Apatow lite, Farrelly brothers special blend. Just call it When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum.
0.75 The surprise in The Switch is that the star of the movie is Jason Bateman, not Jennifer Aniston. It's a good surprise.
0.5 The truly dusty cliche it drags out again is the cute couple who don't, you know, think-of-each-other-like-that. Until, of course, they do.
0.7 Thoroughly entertaining.
0.4 The first third of The Switch, directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, is so bizarre that it leads you to wonder if, through some miraculous lack of oversight, the movie will blaze an unpredictable path. No such luck.
0.5 It's not horrible and it has the sense to make the most of Bateman's talents, but it's awfully hard to relate to people who can't figure out Clark Kent is Superman wearing glasses.
0.4 The Switch is built like a romantic comedy, except that there's no romance -- and precious little comedy, for that matter.
0.5 Another in a recent line of romcoms eager to get us laughing all the way to the sperm bank, and then to the infant dividends beyond.
0.375 I know I'm the first one to complain about how Hollywood needs to give us something we haven't seen before, but if this is the result, please give me 3 more Freddy Krueger movies and a remake of Gilligan's Island starring Zac Efron.
0.7 Don't be fooled by misleading advertising or even your own preconceptions. It turns out The Switch is a heck of a wonderful film. Once the film gets beyond its ridiculous set-up, it hits a poignant stride few will see coming.
0.6 Shaggy and likable, but not lovable, The Switch is the rare romantic comedy that's actually about and made for adults.
0.375 so unimaginative and formula-driven...that it seems entirely to have been hashed out by executives over a long lunch.
0.5 Let's all agree that comedies based around sperm banks or sperm donations should be banned from our fair shores forever
0.8 A spiffy romantic comedy about secrets, friendship, love, nurturing, and the human race.
0.75 ...the best romantic comedy to come down the pike in some time.
0.375 The film is not comedic enough to be considered a comedy, not dramatic enough to be a drama, not romantic enough to be a romance, and not believable enough to be a slice-of-life.
0.6 A surprisingly heartfelt comedy that succeeds thanks to the great chemistry between Jason Bateman and newcomer Thomas Robinson.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman each bring a rare Bordeaux, and the writers bring Spam on white bread. You can skip the picnic or show up and have a glass of wine.
0.5 Unfortunately, this latest ho-hum rom-com from Hollywood's industrial commissary comes out half-baked despite noble efforts by two undeniably likable stars who try to rescue it from mediocrity.
0.5 Didn't Jennifer Lopez play essentially the same role this year in The Back-Up Plan? Only in the movies are glamorous, 40ish single women leaping into single parenthood via sperm donation.
0.7 More his journey than hers, more satire than slapstick, the film is that rare example of rom-com about men, which turns out to be a nice switch indeed.
0.6 Thanks to Bateman's truly winning performance as a bit of a loser, "The Switch" manages to earn our laughter and our respect in equal measure.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman find a funny chemistry together, and the film's bemusing setup unfolds with wit and charm. As 6-year-old Sebastian, Thomas Robinson steals every scene he's in.
0.75 The Jason Bateman film his fans have been waiting for.
0.5 Allan Loeb wrote the script. Josh Gordon and Will Speck directed. What they've done is concoct something gimmicky and banal.
0.5 There's zero heat between Aniston and Bateman; what synthetic feelings the film does generate involve the father/son relationship.
0.625 Far more surprising than the blinding preposterousness of The Switch's opening passages is the fact that the film smoothly recovers to become a passable character-driven rom-com.
0.5 Marketed as a comedy about a woman taking charge of her life ... offers up a woman whose life apparently isn't worth exploring until she finds a father for her son.
0.375 A textbook case of Hollywood chauvinism.
0.5 The film offers few - make that no - surprises. What almost saves it is the acting.
0.3 All you can do is sit there, loathing these characters, waiting for them to learn the truth and wishing to be somewhere else.
0.625 I wish it were great, but "pretty good" puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies. Puh-LEN-ty.
0.75 The set-up alone has some of the funniest semen humor since There's Something About Mary.
0.5 Bateman and Aniston have no chemistry, and the movie's most entertaining moments come from Jeff Goldblum in the thankless supportive-friend role.
0.625 All that's good about The Switch is undermined by the need to conform to romantic comedy standards and by the predictable performance of a miscast Jennifer Aniston.
0.75 The best Jennifer Aniston movie in ages is actually a star vehicle for Jason Bateman. And Aniston's work opposite the screen's premiere mild-mannered funnyman shows her at her most engaged and pitch perfect.
0.4 Marvel at the desperate spectacle of three comic leads ... being outperformed by the wide-eyed Robinson, a quiet collector of silences.
0.4 Painfully stupid but kids love it. Go figure.
0.5 Becomes so laconic it forgets a movie ought to do something besides show you a lazy smile.
0.2 There's the odd decent gag but you're too busy chanting the mantra 'Straight To Video, Straight To Video' to laugh.
0.4 Mick Dundee is not so much a fish out of water these days as terminally behind the times.
0.25 The movie is very good-natured, folksy and easy-going, it just isn't very funny.
0.4 The amiable, self-effacing Dundee and his audience deserve better.
0.5 Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles is a series of vignettes. The retro quality can only carry so far, and it isn't long before the film buckles under its own weight.
0.5 There are a few mildly humorous moments, but you've seen it all before.
0.4 The subplot about the sleazy movie studio and the kid who plays little Crocodile Dundee are both annoying.
0.4 Lost in the swamp of a dumb script and lackluster direction.
0.375 When movies have degraded to the point that Tyson is acting more than Quentin Tarantino is directing, maybe it is time for an industry shutdown, strike-induced or otherwise.
0.3 Feels like a feature-length vanity project.
0.5 At this stage of the game, it's getting a little hard to present Dundee as a naif from the outback in the big city.
0.4 The plot rehashes Dundee II's adventures in New York, except the weather's better.
0.25 Oddly lethargic.
0.5 I've seen audits that were more thrilling.
0.3 This latest, utterly gratuitous chapter in the saga of the wisecracking reptile hunter will add nothing to the ever-dimming reputation of the Subaru pitchman.
0.5 A decidedly mixed bag.
0.4 It's a greatest-hits collection along the lines of last weekend's Beverly Hillbillies marathon on TV Land or Tim Conway's Dorf on Golf videos, where nostalgia and comedy are run through a food processor until they become a flavorless paste.
0.375 The filmmakers lift something off the 'stock plots for bad crime movies' shelf -- an art smuggling operation that uses movie-making as a front.
0.625 Despite the predictability of the story and the gags, the film is surprisingly easy to sit through, digest and even enjoy.
0.5 The plot, if you can dignify it as such, is as pedestrian as it sounds.
0.75 Fun, very light comedy.
0.25 It's about as appetizing as month-old leftovers from the Outback Steakhouse.
0.0 Hogan's Subaru commercials have 200 times the spirit and charm of Dundee 3.
0.5 Of little interest even for its targeted PG market
0.875 Always intriguing and often quite funny, Paul Williams Still Alive is exactly the documentary this celebrity deserves. It's respectful of his extraordinary accomplishments while giving us an accurate portrait of who Williams is today.
0.8 For all of Kessler's annoying traits, he did get results. Perhaps a different approach wouldn't have yielded a film as satisfying as "Paul Williams Still Alive."
0.625 The resulting documentary, at once endearing and dull, does indeed tell us about Williams, but it also tells us perhaps too much about Kessler.
0.8 Filmmaker Stephen Kessler's sheer delight in following around his boyhood idol, whose music framed much of the '70s when Kessler was a lad in Queens, is thoroughly infectious.
0.6 An entertaining, emotionally inspired stroll down memory lane -- that is, for Kessler.
0.83 That's what makes the film so endearing - it captures that strange relationship between film subject and filmmaker, something that is carefully hidden in most documentaries.
0.7 Too bad the film's obscure star will be a hard sell to non-music geeks or anyone born after 1965, because this film's a blast.
0.8 Charming, poignant and very funny, Paul Williams: Still Alive is a wonderful testament to a truly gifted artist for whom the end of fame was not remotely the end for him.
0.875 It's an interesting look at celebrities and the filmmakers that try to document them.
0.875 Williams, who was elected president of ASCAP in 2009, speaks frankly and eloquently about his problems dealing with fame, and his recovery.
0.7 Mr. Williams's quiet integrity trumps Mr. Kessler at every turn.
0.8 The oft-hilarious push-and-pull between director and subject-Williams wryly notes that the film is turning into "the Steve and Paulie Show"-effectively hacks away at the celebrity-enthusiast divide.
0.625 The film too often undercuts its goals by indulging its director's need for self-affirmation at the expense of the movie's far more compelling central subject.
0.7 Thanks to Williams, who almost deserves a co-directing credit, it ends up a very endearing portrait as well as an amusing real-life take on the buddy film.
0.9 Much chastened by time, Williams is an easy guy to like, which is key to this documentary being as effective as it is.
0.8 Whether it's memory lane or an introduction to Williams' oeuvre for new listeners, mainly it's just freaking funny.
0.5 There are sweet moments, and there are funny moments, but it all just becomes so eye-rollingly calculated that it's hard to appreciate.
0.4 The promising themes peter out as the film loses direction, though, and Bartlett is neither sympathetic enough to root for nor dumb enough to laugh at.
0.5 Charlie Bartlett plays it too safe.
0.3 Charlie Bartlett is a poor man's Rushmore. There is a great film waiting to be made about psychiatry, anti-depressants and our youth, but this isn't it.
0.75 Mostly this was a quirky, smart, inspiring, and surprisingly enjoyable High School movie.
0.5 Charlie Bartlett is the Ferris Bueller of our drug addled age. Except he's not a fraction of the charmer ol' Ferris was.
0.8 The movie is extremely hilarious, yet very serious and emotional at the same time.
0.6 There are plenty of good qualities in Charlie; it just needed to apply itself a little more.
0.8 Hugely entertaining high school drama with a delightfully offbeat script and terrific performances from a superb cast.
0.4 Juno's dorkier, needier cousin, the one who's watched Ferris Bueller's Day Off too many times.
0.75 Even in the canon of high school flicks, Charlie Bartlett seems slight, but like its wide-eyed protagonist, it ultimately wins you over on the strength of its puppy-dog appeal.
0.6 (O)ther than the reprehensible glorification of teenage sexual promiscuity, this is a meaningless, forgettable film that is relatively entertaining...
0.5 Bartlett would make a decent sitcom character, and the uneven film plays out accordingly.
0.4 ...all the fawning and sucking-up to bored and disgruntled teenagers...can't make Charlie anything but a sleazy, pill-pushing sociopath.
0.75 ...one of the most effective high-school comedies to come around in quite some time...
0.7 Quirky, provocative and insightful, the slightly overlong but thoroughly enjoyable Charlie Bartlett is a comic gem.
0.9 Charlie Bartlett represents a new sincerity ... The teens in this comedy are jaded, but not cynical: They've seen too much and want to create a whole different view.
0.6 Parts of Charlie Bartlett are enjoyable, especially Robert Downey Jr.'s performance as a high-school principal who hates his life.
0.8 A Harold and Maude for the Ritalin generation. The only problem is Charlie Bartlett lacks the broader -- more subversive -- range of Harold and Maude.
0.5 Even though there's some smart stuff in Charlie Bartlett, there's a lot more dumb stuff that keeps the worthy elements from aligning.
0.5 You might think you've met someone like "Charlie Bartlett" before. The fact is, if you've seen many movies, you have.
0.5 Like its main character, Charlie Bartlett tries so hard to win us over that it practically bursts a celluloid vein in the process...Yet you can't deny that they both have impressive energy.
0.6 Charlie Bartlett begins as somewhat of a typical coming-of-age teen comedy, but by the second act it had me thinking it's an original idea with adult appeal.
0.8 The first two acts are the prescription for what's wrong in the third.
0.625 [Director] Jon Poll... has trouble transitioning from humor to seriousness - and ends up mocking characters who need our sympathy the most.
0.75 Charlie Bartlett is a refreshingly entertaining character study that refuses to dumb down its youthful cast or bury their concerns in service of a catchy soundtrack.
0.625 The film feels derivative but always heartfelt, and never sacrifices an honest moment for a cheap gag.
0.5 The characters remain halfway between genuine comic creations and realistic individuals, and the whole narrative feels artificial, stuck in the tension between being a morality play and a freewheeling comedy.
0.875 Funny and character-driven, Charlie Bartlett has a hero who's very Ferris Bueller-esque, a heroine who's very Ringwaldish, an acid-tinged sense of humor and a Hughes-like faith that everything will work out for unconventional people.
0.5 Those waiting for the arrival of the next Juno may want to skip Charlie Bartlett, a relentlessly earnest teen film about a 17-year-old misfit who's been tossed out of one prep school after another for bad behavior.
0.25 The movie is unevenly directed, with stiffly mounted scenes and tonal shifts between offhand comedy and ham-fisted drama.
0.4 Imagine an R-rated Ferris Bueller with only the most annoying parts of the younger Matthew Broderick's screen persona emphasized and you'll draw a bead on Bartlett.
0.5 A comedy that strains so hard to be edgy it nearly pulls a muscle.
0.5 Two decades after Ferris Bueller, a new smarty-pants seeks popularity in Charlie Bartlett.
0.625 Charlie Bartlett starts to get a bit preachy as it works its way toward a climax heavily influenced by Rushmore, but it's still well above average for this type of film.
0.625 For all its sympathy toward adolescent angst, it turns out that Charlie Bartlett is really about reassuring and reinforcing worried adults.
0.5 While there are a few goofy moments, it turns much too serious about midway through and loses a lot of the initial good will as a result.
0.625 It's risky business championing an adolescent protagonist who thrives on the illicit. But the appointments Charlie holds in the men's room make an argument most can get behind.
0.75 An exuberant, unexpectedly smart comedy about the fraught give-and-take between kids and grown-ups.
0.625 The film feels like an old person's notion of how young people live.
0.8 Tart, smart and fun.
0.75 Charlie Bartlett is an often-laugh-out-loud-funny comedy that takes aim at privileged WASP culture and the public school system with equal fervor.
0.5 [Director] Poll never picks a tone to stick with, so the movie is neither quite naturalistic nor stylized enough, and Charlie's character vacillates between charming-soulful and creepy-weird.
0.625 The movie is all over the map in tone, and though Downey brings obvious empathy to his alcoholic character, his adversarial relationship with Charlie feels fake and forced. Bueller vs. Rooney was more believably bruising, not to mention much funnier.
0.7 There are great swaths of plot in Charlie Bartlett that seem unlikely. And yet, there's a likability to the character and a fair bit of thought to the premise and execution that make it one of the better teen movies in recent years.
0.5 Like the teenagers in it, Charlie Bartlett is a movie in search of an identity, wondering just what sort of high-school flick it wants to be when it grows up.
0.5 Tone is everything in a movie like this, and director John Poll spends the entire running time trying to find it.
0.625 Although much of the film is exaggerated for satirical purposes, somehow, in the eye of the farcical storm, a compelling story gets told.
0.5 The soft and derivative script by newcomer Gustin Nash and the lax direction by editor-turned-first-time-director Poll lend the film about as much kick as a placebo.
0.75 ...in casting Anton Yelchin in the title role they've hit a home run.
0.4 Smug, painfully unoriginal and about as hip and edgy as a trip to Sears.
0.75 There's lots to like.
0.625 Almost everything in Charlie Bartlett is based on successful teen comedy formulas of the '70s, '80s and '90s.
0.75 Honors the neuroses of high school while also holding out the hope every teen needs...
0.5 Once you remove the layer of imitations, nothing much remains.
0.75 "Ferris Bueller" for the new millennium. It's a bit more jaded, and the problems are a bit more serious, but Charlie is such a cheerful dude that it's hard not to get caught up in his adventure.
0.75 Should have been a comedy all the way through ... It's like we have been enjoying a delicious ice cream sundae, only to find broccoli at the bottom of the bowl."
0.3 further proof that Ferris Bueller is dead
0.75 A non-flashy but uncommonly savvy film about teenage life that one can only hope finds its rightful audience.
0.375 In the end, the big message of Charlie Bartlett was said better and more succinctly in an R.E.M. song. Everybody Hurts.
0.0 I'm going to be really f****** depressed if Charlie Bartlett isn't the worst, most irresponsible movie I see this year.
0.25 Charlie Bartlett asks audiences to believe that its protagonist is so sheltered that he has no clue how bizarre his precious, overly mannered behavior looks to his peers.
0.625 This high school dramedy feels strangely earthbound, despite an articulate script and an engaging cast.
0.6 Certainly more fun than Michael Clayton, but Ferris Bueller this isn't.
0.625 Though Bartlett occasionally misfires, the trips and stumbles are made nearly irrelevant by the rampant innovativeness and ingenuity at hand.
0.5 Mediocre writers ignore reality, opting for clumsy wish fulfillment and hoping we won't notice they make no sense. Sadly, Charlie Bartlett is an example of that school of non-thought.
0.6 It overdoes the quirkiness and underdoes the character development, but, in the end, it's salvaged by a remarkable performance by Robert Downey Jr., who hardly ever gives any other kind.
0.75 It's not much of a movie, but it is an impressive calling card for the young star.
0.5 What more could one ask of a nostalgia trip?
0.5 It's like Ferris Bueller's Day Off by way of The Virgin Suicides, and believe me when I tell you the two absolutely do not mix.
0.5 A lightweight outing heavy on convention.
0.75 I would classify Charlie Bartlett as a smart teen film. It's more ambitious and overall more successful than its '80s forebears even though the resemblance is unmistakable.
0.5 Neither feels authentically like high school nor decides on an appropriate tone.
0.8 If you give in to the charms of Charlie Bartlett, he will no doubt win you over. This is after all Anton Yelchin's show, and it's a doozie
0.9 A stimulating character study composed in the rarified air of satiric, good humor that takes off with side doses of social relevancy.
0.9 Cast and crew maintain an engagingly snarky tone throughout the film, with raucous dialog and a gleeful willingness to crush teen movie stereotypes.
0.6 Here's a film that carries a heavy message about the mis-use of prescription medication amongst today's teens, but does so in a very clever (and fun) way.
0.7 A wonderful iteration of the adolescent coming-of-age movie.
0.375 A feeble entry into the teen-movie lexicon.
0.8 A surprisingly strong addition to the high school comedy genre with more rounded characters and realistic situations than one normally gets.
0.2 Occasional zingers from co-stars like Sebastian Stan as a rival coach and Thomas Middleditch as Hope's assistant poke through and may rouse your from your stonefaced stupor.
0.4 For a movie with a critique of mediocrity well within its grasp, this one settles for an embrace of it, barely breaking a sweat.
0.4 The foul-mouthed nature of half the film - during which the writers seem to be under the mistaken idea that if one swear word is funny, then two must be doubly so and so on - also sits uncomfortably with the cutesy cliche romance portion of proceedings.
0.55 A grueling experience to sit through if you're not in on the central joke and Rauch's character.
0.4 THE BRONZE feels like a film that had all the ingredients for a breakout indie comedy, but just totally screwed up the recipe nonetheless.
0.6 While it stumbles through the routine much of the way it just manages to stick the landing.
0.5 A cleverly conceived, occasionally funny, but mostly unpleasant motion picture.
0.6 Oh Lindsay Lohan, where has your talent gone?
0.4 Lohan acts out in muddled mother-daughter comedy.
0.3 A fluffy comedy about a young woman who was repeatedly raped by her stepfather.
0.63 Rarely awful, Garry Marshall's films consistently exhibit a veneer of banality, and Georgia Rule is no exception.
0.4 click for full review
0.125 Since when did sexual abuse find its way into a comedy?I guess when it's part of a screenplay written by Mark Andrus and directed by Garry Marshall ("Pretty Woman").
0.4 The only people who would be attracted to actually watching this film aren't going to be able to watch it anyway.
0.2 A family drama that flies all over the place and does not do justice to the serious ethical issues it raises.
0.625 ...it's ultimately difficult not to be drawn into the soap opera-ish exploits of the central characters.
0.375 If there's not a dry eye in the house when Lilly and Rachel finally hug, it's only because audiences will have cleared out by that point.
0.25 Does anybody really want to see a quirky incest comedy? Yuck.
0.6 Georgia Rule isn't a bad movie. It's several bad movies in one, with a good movie trying to get out.
0.75 It may not be good news for casting agents and some directors, but Lohan is the real deal. She can act.
0.75 A genre-bending female empowerment flick masquerading as a titillating teensplurt.
0.25 Georgia Rule is about as Lohan as it can go.
0.5 The central problem with the movie isn't that it deals with several hot-button topics, but that it addresses them with a shocking lack of emotional honesty.
0.3 A tedious yawn with only a few bright spots.
1.0 In the end this film is genuine and sincere. It tugs at peoples emotions and if you have ever struggled in a mother-daughter relationship you can really relate.
0.625 There is enough to admire here that you may agree it's worth a look. At the same time, the film doesn't emotionally satisfy as strongly as it should. One thing's clear though: this is Lohan's picture, and she walks away with it.
0.5 The characters would be better off on the set of The Jerry Springer Show than anchoring their own film.
0.25 Georgia Rule doesn't make you feel good; it makes you queasy.
0.375 Spin it however they like, the troubled but talented Lohan isn't what's wrong with this misbegotten mess.
0.375 You'd think that decree No. 1 for a movie about rules would be to know exactly what kind of picture you're making and selling. Georgia Rule fails that basic test, and a whole lot of other ones besides.
0.75 As an acting showcase -- the supporting roles are as rich as the leads -- Georgia Rule is undeniably one of the year's best American dramedies.
0.25 It's a creepy, tone-deaf movie about three generations of women.
0.5 A bar of soap is a repeated element in Georgia Rule, and rightly so. Suds rise in this capably acted fem-drama laced with slap-in comedy.
0.25 Frankly, it's a wonder that stars Jane Fonda and Felicity Huffman didn't belly up to the bar alongside Lohan, once they read Mark Andrus' screenplay, an atonal, ersatz mix of garden-variety family dysfunction and rank 'chick flick' cliches.
0.25 A murky blend of melodrama and comedy.
0.125 Do not take your mom to Georgia Rule unless she's Roseanne Barr. You may expect a three-generational chick flick, but what you get is a child-rape comedy.
0.25 Misguided at best and repellent at worst.
0.5 The actresses, notably Fonda, are fine, but the characters are a collection of cliches and behaviors that feel as patently false as the generic town built around them.
0.25 You can see what they are striving for, but Georgia Rule is so artificial, it feels like more of a flow chart than a slice of life.
0.5 No wonder Lindsay Lohan got scolded for missing work during this production; I'd also try to stay away as long as I could from a project that's this confused.
0.5 Georgia Rule stars Jane Fonda in the story of what her life would be like if Lindsay Lohan were her granddaughter. Here's a hint: It would suck.
0.4 Georgia Rule veers back and forth awkwardly between humour and drama, getting both wrong. The various family secrets and plot twisties in the tale are painfully, psych 101 obvious.
0.0 Not to excuse her apparent lack of professionalism, but can you blame Lohan for showing up to work in bad shape?
0.25 If there is a 'What Were They Thinking?' Hall of Shame, there's a whole wall preserved for Georgia Rule, a feel-good, mothers-and-daughters comedy about child sexual abuse.
0.75 There's little gussied up in this surprisingly tart mother-child-grandchild reunion picture, written by Mark Andrus.
0.125 Georgia Rule is not just a bad movie, it's a creepy one.
0.5 It's a shame Lohan's best work to date is bogged down in a film that wants to be in the same league as Terms of Endearment but is only marginally better than Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
0.125 Georgia Rule is a bad idea dreadfully executed -- On Golden Pond with fellatio jokes and whimsical incest melodrama and Fonda playing her dad (who, more and more, she eerily resembles).
0.625 Not just another bratty teen movie, but one that delves into the intriguing and heartbreaking reasons behind the brattiness.
0.5 Strong performances and its R rating help keep Georgia Rule from being a completely overemotional, Lifetime TV mush fest, but only slightly.
0.75 All three (stars) are compelling and vibrant, which will make many viewers wish the actresses had a stronger script to work with and a more confident director to guide them.
0.4 The casting almost feels like some kind of cruel joke on Lohan.
0.625 Quite a bit smarter than some of director Garry Marshall's other weepies... but his big, happy, clumsy style ultimately isn't suited for finely tuned melodrama.
0.0 it takes a horribly serious and painful subject then tries to surround it with a bad parody of Hee Haw
0.75 Lohan's an extremely talented actress when she wants to be and it's roles in films like Mean Girls and Georgia Rule that proves she can be one of the great ones.
0.4 Georgia Rule wants to be a smart, funny movie about redemption and forgiveness, but none of the women in this film exhibited any of those noble qualities. Critic's rule: save your money on this one.
0.25 A lighthearted romp about sexual abuse, alcoholism, and familial angst, and, as if that weren't bad enough, the movie wants to be taken seriously.
0.7 While it has all the ingredients of bad chick flicks, this doesn't degenerate into total bathos, thanks to the electric Lohan. Without Lindsay, this would be a dud.
0.3 The most insensitive comedy ever about alcoholism or the softest drama ever about child molestation.
0.25 How bad is it for actresses in Hollywood? Well, three really good ones thought Georgia Rule was their best option.
0.5 With a different tone -- or in different hands -- its dark and light elements might have managed to coexist rather than vie so awkwardly for attention.
0.625 The American public likes nothing better than a tragedy with a happy ending, William Dean Howells observed. But Marshall so cautiously downplays the tragic elements of his plot that the sweetness and light left a sour taste in my mouth.
0.4 Well-acted, sometimes amusing but flat-out tone-deaf.
0.5 Opening with a raunchy but light comic tone, the story veers into queasy territory.
0.3 Director Garry Marshall's comedy-drama suffers from an unfortunate role reversal. The comedy is stunningly unfunny, while the drama is sometimes disturbingly funny.
0.6 Georgia Rule, directed by Garry Marshall from a script by Mark Andrus, swerves and spins, taking its predictable plot in some surprising directions.
0.5 Maybe Georgia Rule should be required viewing for Paris Hilton during her term in the slammer. But not for us.
0.25 A comedy about sexual abuse. Nice.
0.3 The tone is so inconsistent that the only effect it has is to confuse the audience.
0.625 Even when the lack of forward motion in the narrative shines through, Georgia Rule is worth watching for Lindsay Lohan alone.
0.25 If there was ever a film project that deserved sabotaging, this is it.
0.75 A far better, more absorbing melodrama than its titular conceit would have you expect.
0.4 With this film's top-notch acting ensemble, Georgia Rule has the sad taint of what might have been.
0.25 Garry Marshall has to be the most tone-deaf filmmaker at work today.
0.375 If you're able to ignore all the lameness around it, some of this is actually enjoyable in a so-wrong-it's-right, Showgirls-style way.
0.25 A messier-than-thou melodrama that's guaranteed to repel.
0.7 The film's blueness (in an X-rated sense) will turn some faces red, have the guys in the audience panting, and burn Lohan's name into the marquee.
0.25 So facile that it posits "I love you" as the quick-fix remedy for its characters' myriad, deeply rooted grievances.
0.5 Convoluted, contrived and cliche'-ridden, evoking Robert Frost's "Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in."
1.0 Jolson's best acting; great Rodgers & Hart score; quirky rhymed dialogue
0.9 Even things that are more jarring than effective -- school children and teachers singing "My Country 'Tis of Thee" with a cut on every syllable -- are unforgettable.
0.8 A very strange, pre-code, quasi-musical with a socialist message and a talking performance by silent comic Harry Langdon.
1.0 One of the best American films of the 1980s.
1.0 The look of the film is absolutely gorgeous.
0.625 Except for the Mozart music and Tharp movements around the edges, Amadeus plays like a monument to mediocrity.
1.0 The performance of Abraham, who won the Best Actor Oscar for it, is monumental, and so is Forman's direction.
1.0 Amadeus is simply one of the finest biographical dramas ever made.
0.875 The subject of artistic creation is typically handled badly in the movies.... [Amadeus] treats the subject of creativity in a fresh way.
1.0 Milos Forman's opulent drama is sheer quality.
0.8 Great movie, but not quite true to history.
1.0 A witty and highly imaginative historical fiction, well adapted by screenwriter Peter Shaffer from his own hit play. [Blu-ray]
1.0 ...if the director, the producer, and the writer approved of the added scenes, I'm not going to complain. One way or the other, Amadeus remains a great film.
0.8 When Amadeus deals with the music -- and with the theme of greater and lesser talents in conflict -- it frequently justifies its reputation.
1.0 [A] grandiose masterpiece.
1.0 Such a wonderful mix of sight and sound, of humor and drama, of love and hate, of ugliness and beauty.
1.0 Two amazing performances cap a stellar work of musical imagination and creative artistry.
1.0 Amadeus is a masterful combination of acting and storytelling, of sight and sound.
0.6 Director Milos Forman ... gives Tom Hulce free reign to portray the world's most sublime composer as a drunken, selfish fool giggling his way into the ears of Vienna.
0.81 A clever and majestic hybrid of art house fare and middle brow entertainment.
0.5 A bit overdone and overblown, the movie could have easily had a half-hour cut out of it, and no one would have noticed.
1.0 It is arguably the best motion picture ever made about the process of creation and the creator.
1.0 Terrific entertainment
1.0 More than a portrait of Mozart: a brilliant examination of the creative impulse and a subtle satire of man's limitations.
1.0 Hulce's goofy performance is pretty fun to watch in and of itself. He is out for sheer partying and joy like the hardest living Rock Star, a dandy fop with a silly laugh and an ego to match.
1.0 Remarkable fictional account of Mozart's life. One of the best films of its decade.
1.0 This 'special edition' of Amadeus proves that Abraham's Oscar triumph was no fluke.
1.0 Reminds us that movies can be lyrical as well as vulgar, ambitious as well as playful, brilliant as well as down and dirty -- just like Amadeus himself.
0.75 The urge to revisit old successes in an attempt to "improve" upon them is a risky venture at best.
1.0 The story is utterly devastating, but it is lifted and made accessible by the combination of cinematic ingenuity and astonishingly real performances.
1.0 Uma obra de arte realmente a altura do homem que a inspirou.
1.0 In a film of grand gestures, some of the finest moments are very subtle.
1.0 A gloriously colorful confection of music, theater and emotion.
0.875 It captures the smack and wit of Peter Shaffer's stage play.
0.8 Boy, what a movie.
0.875 Most costume epics come complete with a deadly seriousness, a dreary self-importance that demands respect but doesn't earn any love. Amadeus turns that notion on its side and introduces fresh air back into the stuffiness.
1.0 One of those magical and rare films with a nearly perfect mixture of beautiful writing, glorious music, elegant cinematography, remarkable acting, dazzling art direction, and an engrossing story.
0.8 Like the composers the film so wondrously depicts, Amadeus: Director's Cut is a divine work in need of a little earthly restraint.
0.75 In any incarnation, Amadeus is beautiful to behold.
0.75 The principal additions ... are more Amadeus, but not better.
1.0 Even a longer Amadeus feels and looks just right.
1.0 Still a work of consummate artistry and craftsmanship.
0.75 Still overwhelms and entertains with the best of them.
1.0 Still the most wonderful movie on the subject of music ever made and the best film I've ever seen.
1.0 Don't miss a chance to see and hear it on the big screen.
1.0 Teens will be interested to learn that this movie was written by a man whose twin brother was for a time the more commercially successful of the two, both playwrights, which surely influenced his choice of subject and his approach.
1.0 Watching Amadeus is like listening to Mozart: it is a horrible beauty beyond words.
1.0 Entering its third decade, but has lost none of its power to awe.
1.0 Amadeus is a must for any music lover, any film lover, or anyone who reveres excellence.
0.9 The magnificent, passionate music alone makes it worth watching. The layered story and complex, deeply wounded characters make it worth revisiting again and again.
0.5 Packed with too many storylines, this drama feels like a zoo indeed.
0.6 A muddled focus keeps We Bought a Zoo from being a guaranteed hit with kids or a captivating adult drama but there are enough compelling moments to make it worthwhile.
0.45 In short, We Bought a Zoo is all bore and no roar, and while it's certainly not the worst of Crowe's career, it's far from earning its stripes as a worthy successor to his earlier films.
0.8 Might be a stereotypical 'family movie,' but it's still a good one.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 The film is a button-pusher, but it is so in the nicest way possible.
0.7 A few more animal encounters and fewer grief sessions would have been nice, but it's still a solid family film.
0.625 It's something of a sweet-natured slog, peppered, as all of Crowe's films are, peppered with the pop music the former pop music journalist loves.
0.6 It unfolds like military assault on the tear ducts. Don't know when to cry? Here comes Sigur Ros' Jonsi with an evocative sonic swoop to help you on your way.
0.4 A mushy metaphor for what it takes to bring a "Cameron Crowe movie" to the big screen.
0.5 The shameless manipulation on display here makes one wonder where Cameron Crowe's talent has gone.
0.6 You have to admire the thoroughness with which We Bought a Zoo - which is the film Disney would make if they still knew how - caters to the whole family.
0.6 Superficially very charming, this lacks depth but is still a pleasant and moving distraction.
0.8 For all the movie's cute kids and sentimentality, [Damon] is the warm-hearted and convincing heart of this uplifting flick.
0.6 It's an easy-going, likable film.
0.6 [A] cute comedy drama inspired by a true story.
0.6 I always look forward to watching director Cameron Crowe's films or should I say listen to his superior soundtracks. For this former Rolling Stone journalist, music and movies were simply born to run.
0.2 The film lost me at "hallo".
0.6 The movie is pretty, sticky, thoroughly innocuous, and quite nice.
0.8 You can literally see Bourne star Matt Damon enjoying himself at the centre of this heartwarming family movie - and it will make all the difference to your appreciation of it, too.
0.6 A warm, Sunday-afternoon-in-the-park type of movie, if that's your thing.
0.6 It's engaging enough to keep us watching, but never finds any real focus.
0.8 The picture may be too wholesome and twee for fans' of the director's edgier work like Almost Famous but it deserves to be a big hit with families.
0.6 It isn't the wildest safari you'll ever go on, but it has plenty of attractions to offer less cynical visitors.
0.6 Nicely written and featuring a great soundtrack, this is an unashamedly feel-good drama with terrific performances from a superb cast.
0.6 Crowe, to his credit, is more concerned with insights about family than romance - and some of these are heart-on-sleeve touching if you've got a sweet tooth for the stickier stuff.
0.6 Despite Crowe's integrity and lightness of touch doesn't deliver the emotional experience of, say, Jerry Maguire or Almost Famous. Still, it is good to have the righteous dude back.
0.5 Directed by the Norman Rockwell of the classic-rock set, Cameron Crowe, this overdetermined and painfully protracted movie needs more animals and less bathos ('Their happy's too loud,' the sad/wise little girl complains about some partying neighbors).
0.6 It's slight, sure, and there's a better, less-glossy film buried in the material, but warm performances redeem Crowe's agreeable return.
0.75 Crowe simply remembers how to make a sweet story. He allows his huge heart to prevail in a moving coda that, while manipulative, helped me buy into this sentimental tone poem to simple destiny.
0.76 ... the sort of slovenly assembled, paint-by-numbers time waster that doesn't even seem able to hold the director's attention.
0.5 The soundtrack's FM '70s rock classics seem like leftovers from one of Crowe's other movies...or maybe one of his Rolling Stone cover stories.
1.0 We Bought a Zoo," based on a true story, is an outstanding show that could, and should, bring in herds of viewers. It centers on a man who really did buy a zoo with 200 animals, on his children and on the staff that became their second family.
0.75 There's an endearing, almost Fitzcarraldo-like irrational obsession to his character that keeps you from rolling your eyes as he continues his silly quest to indulge his ego.
0.5 The movie has animals, kids and fine acting from Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson, but it lacks the emotional honesty and unpredictability that made Crowe's early films so irresistible.
0.625 There are some sins of overt manipulation here, but in large part due to Matt Damon's ability to make his character's grief real, the movie ultimately succeeds.
0.8 Family film tackles grief with humor and deep empathy.
0.6 For the holidays it does come packaged very well and kids will love the idea of living in the backyard of a zoo, but for some adults it misses the mark.
0.8 Matt Damon is at his most relatable best in a film that has heart, drama and passion
0.75 Zoo is contrived but sweet.
0.625 The picture annoys you, but it also wrings happy tears, because Crowe pulls at your heartstrings in crafty ways.
0.7 Affectionate and amusing, it's uplifting, feel-good family entertainment.
0.375 Clearly, Crowe doesn't trust the audience to make it from Point A to Point B without stumbling or getting lost.
0.5 Minus the corn, it's almost good.
0.7 Writer-director Cameron Crowe manages to take what could have been a maudlin disaster and turn it into a workable film.
0.7 Matt Damon, a master of the ordinary, can create a rounded, convincing and utterly engaging character out of just about anyone, Benjamin Mee included.
0.75 Crowe seems to be making baby steps into new territory, both stylistically and emotionally.
0.6 A sweet-natured tale about animals and new beginnings that you'll want to see with your kids.
0.625 A professional actor in the best sense, always credibly grounded, Damon is much better than the material, and so is Colin Ford who plays the troubled son.
0.625 Without Crowe's laid-back approach and Damon's anchoring performance, We Bought a Zoo could have been a sappy disaster.
0.75 Consider it a fine sign of emotional discipline that the movie doesn't overplay Kelly and Ben's romantic possibilites.
0.5 So few films this holiday season can truly be labeled "family film." We Bought a Zoo is one. Sadly, many films wear the label of "boring." We Bought a Zoo is one of them.
0.75 The tigers are cool, the monkeys are cute, but deep down, Crowe is more interested in the characters. And so are we.
0.625 These are ideas from old movies, and presented without any of the conviction those pictures used to give them.
0.375 Let me begin by saying something nice about Cameron Crowe&rsquo;s We Bought a Zoo: kids will probably like it. Okay, that&rsquo;s all I&rsquo;ve got.
0.7 You're very aware of its imperfections, but ultimately find it easy to like.
1.0 The end result is a film that is pretty much a total delight from top to bottom and even if you don't think that it is the kind that you might normally go for, it turns out that it really is.
0.3 I wish never again to see, and that means forever, a movie sold with billboards depicting cuddly animals, whether they're zebras or tigers or golden retriever puppies, with big red bows wrapped around their heads.
0.75 "We Bought a Zoo" provides a welcome seasonal dash of wholesomeness and humor, but it's also a heartening celebration of second acts, even at their most unwelcome.
0.75 Heartwarming holiday fare that even jaded adults can share with the kids.
1.0 Sure, some if it may be a bit too cute for words, but the smile on your face will overcome the feelings of Bah Humbug that might be trying to sneak out of you.
0.5 If you're looking for something the whole family can watch, this is fine. If you're an adult wondering if you need to see it, the answer is no.
0.625 Sporadically tests one's sugar endurance, but there's no disputing its sincerity.
0.625 Veers too much and too often into the realm of palpable manipulation.
0.75 The film is sweet. Its observations of life in the aftermath of death ring true, especially for anyone who's traveled the contours of mourning.
0.375 "We Bought a Zoo" is as phony as a Kardashian marriage.
0.6 The creaks, groans and cliches of the screenplay ... are ... finally outstripped by the attractiveness of the performers, those with two legs and more, and especially by the tenderness that Mr. Damon brings to his role.
0.625 The filmmakers insufficiently stir the lumpy metaphors, chief among them that for animals, as for humans, there is a difference between cages and enclosures.
0.6 While not quite Crowe at his absolute best, it carries his humanistic imprint and benefits from a strong acting ensemble that keep emotions in check.
0.5 By trying too hard to stay on this side of hip and the other side of sentimental, Crowe winds up with a zoo that's neither fish nor fowl.
0.75 What saves the movie is that Crowe isn't afraid of emotion. He's always willing to follow surprising new developments to see how they make his characters feel, and the result of that is almost always entertaining.
0.5 "We Bought a Zoo'' is a sweet-natured, terribly unthreatening drama about redemption and renewal, and it may matter more to the man who made it than the audiences who see it.
0.75 It's reassuring, a little square, and you sense that Crowe, now a father and family man, is reaching out to a new, younger audience.
0.4 The moment in any family film when dignity goes out the window is an animal reaction shot.
0.75 People are feeling sorry for Matt Damon, but this isn't the embarrassing disaster you might fear.
0.75 It's about taking a complete leap of faith toward life-altering changes, a running theme in all the director's movies.
0.7 Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo" is an undeniably manipulative crowd-pleaser but there's something about being manipulated in such an expert manner that makes the tugging on the heartstrings easier to take.
0.55 This isn't just an exercise in mawkishness, though it's also nowhere near as emotionally resonant as it strives to be.
0.5 By the time young Rosie exclaims "We bought a zoo!" for what feels like the umpteenth time, even altruistic idealists will find their inner cynics chucking incredulously.
0.75 There's a lot of fun waiting at We Bought a Zoo, but it's the feelings that run through every scene that'll make you glad you came.
0.625 The sentence 'You may not leave until you get a tear in your eye!' may as well appear on the screen. And yet the PG-rated film connected with me, schmaltz and all.
0.6 We Bought a Zoo has its charms. It also has a lot to live up to -- and misses the mark.
0.625 Damon, thank the family-friendly-movie gods, really knows how to hold his head above the corn.
0.625 The result is too much formula and not enough human interest.
0.625 An average movie that's clearly been crafted to bring holiday families together over the popcorn machine.
0.6 Crowe's greatest strength is in taking these potentially cloying elements and making them feel human and comforting rather than contrived and sappy.
0.75 The general sense of blandness and predictability that marks the story's progression does not damage its emotional strengths. We feel for these characters and, because we care about them, we yearn for the highs the film ultimately delivers.
0.9 This is a sweet, funny, unapologetically sentimental film.
0.8 Proves again that Damon can elevate just about anything in which he appears.
0.6 Cameron Crowe returns from movie exile with We Bought a Zoo, a sweet and sentimental ode to new beginnings that features a charming performance from Matt Damon.
0.75 The performances are sincere and Mr. Damon actually seems to be having a ball, giving one of the best and most mature performances of his career.
0.6 Too much of the movie feels predestined---down to the rainstorm on opening day---and subplots involving budding romance end up forcing what's implicit.
0.6 Captive humans and exotic animals are an odd mix in mushy melodrama.
0.6 If you had hoped writer-director Cameron Crowe would return from his six-year hiatus having shed the demons of Elizabethtown, well, I've got some bad news for you... It seems you just can't reason with an unflinching optimist.
0.6 All emotional shortcuts and vaguely defined characters, held together more than it deserves by [Matt] Damon's admirable star turn.
0.625 This is the first feature from Crowe since the heavy-handed, overly quirky "Elizabethtown," and while it's not a complete return to form, it's close enough.
0.6 We Bought a Zoo drops the cynicism, wears its heart on its sleeve and doesn't mind laying it on thick in an effort to move you. Which it does-whether you like it or not.
0.7 ...where We Bought A Zoo earns its stripes is in the process of getting all of its characters to relate to and accept each other.
0.4 There's an audience for such lazy sentimentality, which means Crowe's half-hearted attempt to revive his career might actually succeed.
1.0 An emotionally literate film about a grieving family trying to jump-start their lives again by running a small zoo for animals.
0.25 Cliches and contrivances and corniness, oh my! With We Bought a Zoo, writer-director Cameron Crowe dives headfirst into the schmaltzy slop barrel.
0.4 Cameron Crowe won't suffer another total commercial and critical flameout, but this is no return to form.
0.7 If Crowe's films radiate one thing, it's kindness, which is something not a lot of filmmakers can claim.
0.75 Crowe finds just the right blend of easy crowd-pleasing moments while maintaining the strong sense of drama and character dynamics in which he excels.
0.75 Runs a little long, but it will warm your heart.
0.6 British dance flick is cliched but clean and fun.
0.8 Got To Dance winner Akai Osei has all the moves and Horrid Henry star Theo Stevenson has charm by the bucket load.
0.6 It's hard not to go along with the film ...
0.4 At least the dancing is fun.
0.4 It seems derivative and lacklustre, and really inferior to almost anything on CBBC or CITV.
0.4 "Oh, not the talent show thing again," groans Ashley Jensen's social worker when the youngsters announce their plan. Well, you said it.
0.6 It's a well-worn formula - a gang of youngsters have to form a dance troupe to put on a show that will save their local youth club - but what it lacks in budget it makes up for in bravado.
0.6 A charming family entertainment with a clutch of seriously astonishing and visually ingenious dance numbers.
0.8 Hugely enjoyable British let's-do-the-show-right-here comedy enlivened by strong performances, impressive dance sequences, likeable characters, breezy direction and a witty script.
0.6 All Stars is inoffensive wish fulfilment aimed at a distinctly younger audience than the StreetDance franchise.
0.6 'All Stars' is funny and enthusiastic enough to entertain kids, if not their elder siblings, who may not buy this scrubbed-up version of teenaged Britain.
0.4 Derivative but occasionally fun.
0.2 Some day, God willing, there will be a moratorium on films about plucky kids putting on talent shows to save their schools/parks/yoof centres from predatory developers.
0.6 Some very funny moments, but not for kids.
0.625 There are a number of genuinely clever twists and ideas that it's unfortunate that someone decided to muck it up with cheap slapstick.
0.625 Comes as close as a movie can to being a successful comedy without making it.
0.6 Matthew Perry acaba revelando-se um protagonista carismatico e divertido.
0.8 Features some of the best physical comedy in years, courtesy of Matthew Perry.
0.7 Nothing more than standard lowbrow fare featuring a little bathroom humor, lots of pratfalls, and an awfully silly army of hackneyed bumblers, plotters, wimps and Jezebels.
0.5 The infrequent laughs are forced, and the movie feels as stale as a month-old focaccia.
0.625 Uun ejemplo mas de que en Hollywood siguen haciendo falta las buenas ideas y, sobretodo, quien las lleve a cabo
0.5 It's like one of those late Blake Edwards comedies in which very little is working, but you have to admire the attempt at some physical humor.
0.375 Rests solely on the presumed charm of the cast, and half of the actors are not charming at all. Now, what does that tell you?
0.375 Please -- no more mob comedies. No more bad ones like this, at least.
0.5 The Whole Nine Yards ends up on the undernourished side.
0.4 The bad news is not limited to Arquette's annoying accent.
0.6 Uneven.
0.6 The main reason to see this movie would be the cast.
0.7 Another of those 'zany' romantic comedies starring a cheeseball star from a sitcom series.
0.75 It's laugh-out-loud, side-splitting funny.
0.7 The film ends up being an incredibly guilty pleasure not only because of that fact that it is a dark comedy, but also because of the fact that the film ends up being incredibly sexy.
0.75 There's a few cute jokes, but over all, it seems a bit fluffy.
0.5 The picture also allows its female leads to show their considerable stuff.
0.75 The Whole Nine Yards a bright crowd-pleaser with a clever script.
0.6 The film's stand-out performance ... is by Peet.
0.75 A few winceable story progressions in the front and end are easily outweighed by a fine "body" of fun film in-between. I laughed out loud very often.
0.5 The actors exhibit a surprising inconsistency of tone in their performances.
0.5 Yards is underwhelming.
0.8 Imminently likeable slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Whole Nine Yards tackles its plot with such unapologetically cheerful gusto that you can't help but like it.
0.6 For Matthew Perry, it offers evidence that there may be life beyond Friends after all.
0.75 A subtle but unmistakable aura of jolliness sneaks from the screen during The Whole Nine Yards.
0.4 Dumb humor, insults and gallons of bodily fluids.
0.2 Scarily awful -- this spoof horror franchise needs a stake driven through its heart, and quick...
0.25 Perhaps if you send them a stamped, self-addressed envelope they'll tell us why this was thought to be funny.
0.0 We can only hope this excrement masquerading as humor will bury the gross-out genre once and for all.
0.7 Basically just a bunch of silly spoof scenes cobbled together around a thin premise, it allows the Wayans brothers to have fun in the way a group of kids might have fun with a video camcorder, except with a multi-million-dollar budget.
0.625 the opening 15 minutes was absolutely gut-wretchingly hysterical. I laughed more at this second film than I did at the first one...
0.375 The creators of Scary Movie 2 have forgotten one crucial fact about the horror genre--for every Scream 2 there are twenty Blair Witch 2s.
0.2 It's just terrible, with long stretches in which the sea of writers don't even try to insert any humour, followed by an attempted joke that doesn't work on any level.
0.3 ...it does have one redeeming attribute: brevity.
0.0 That the first film's primary target/model was Scream and that this one's is The Haunting says everything about its creative bankruptcy.
0.375 The film had eleven writers. I don't see why it needed any. It's unstructured, plotless, and even the truly funny moments are merely juvenile stabs in the dark.
0.4 More of the same...only less funny.
0.25 Filme producto de la excesiva comercializacion que tuvo su predecesor
0.6 If you haven't seen the target film, not only is it not funny, it becomes totally pointless.
0.75 It's the wackiness of the whole thing that makes it work.
0.5 fast-paced, sloppy, and pretty dumb, but it's over quickly
0.6 "worth a rental"
0.62 The proceedings mainly revolve around sexual and bathroom humour, and - depending on your tastes - this will either quickly grow tiresome, or will entertain you endlessly.
0.25 Never has a movie franchise fallen so far so fast.
0.5 Choppily edited and obviously rushed into theaters to make a quick, tidy profit.
0.5 Bodily functions and fluids serve as a thin clothesline for cheap laughs.
0.2 The whole thing reeks of sequelitis, with an emphasis on the rude and crude.
0.0 The scary part is that a sequel was made.
0.375 The movie plays just like the rush job it is.
0.6 It's a lot more tightly focused than the first outing.
0.5 The film never really regains the opening scene's momentum.
0.2 A pocket of infection on the skin of the American body cultural.
0.5 Does a satisfying hatchet job on the spooky ... world of supernatural pictures.
0.5 So remarkably shapeless you can imagine Shawn and Marlon hashing out scenes between presenters at last year's MTV Video Music Awards.
0.625 Like its predecessor, it's as exuberant as it is puerile, oozing a cheeky energy that will make you forgive many things.
0.25 The picture wastes barely a second heading straight into the toilet.
0.3 There's a fine line between funny and just plain sick; this movie goes way beyond that line.
0.3 Perhaps, in a rare instance of subtle social satire, this film is being released on July 4 to remind America of the high cost of freedom of speech.
0.0 So desperately unfunny that you wish someone would sue for false advertising.
0.375 Boring, and decidedly misogynistic.
0.4 The problem is that Wayans and his raft of writers, including his brothers Marlon and Shawn, who are also among the film's stars, begin on such an extreme, in-your-face note that they have no place to go.
0.5 Aside from a few genuinely funny gags, this motion picture represents an 80-minute exercise into tedium that does little more than re-hash the first outing.
0.4 What we have is a lot of fake and lazy attempts at humor.
0.4 The only horror in this film is its lame-ass script!
0.625 An almost constant laugh riot of extreme gross-out humor and surprisingly limber lampoonery.
0.25 An insufferable hodgepodge of phallic and fecal humor.
0.375 So unamusing its chief benefit lies in making us appreciate the movies being parodied.
0.25 They should have stuck to the promise emblazoned on the original movie's poster: 'No sequel.'
0.75 A fresh and fun icelandic adventure yarn.
0.4 TV classic remade as a forgettable buddy movie.
0.625 Serves up the expected gags and set pieces in service of a thoroughly been-there, done-that plot line.
0.6 A otima quimica entre Eddie Murphy e Owen Wilson rende bons momentos.
0.4 Credit to Murphy and Wilson for making the most of it, but for Thomas it's a case of must spy harder.
0.5 It's easy to watch trash, and although Murphy and his co-stars deserve better, it would be wrong for me to lie to you and say that I was bored.
0.4 Thomas demonstrates zero feel for either the material or milieu.
0.6 For the most part, I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies.
0.6 It's disposable dumb fun. And there's nothing wrong with that.
0.5 Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote.
0.6 Freakishly fun to watch.
0.2 I spied with my little eye, a turkey of a movie.
0.5 Even if it is generally amusing from time to time, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have.
0.6 Une comedie d'action ou l'action est deficiente mais ou la comedie fonctionne.
0.625 This film does no favors to the memory of the I Spy TV series, a genuine original that knew how to pull off a surprise. On the big screen, it is as ordinary as they get.
0.375 I Spy is about as mainstream and safe as movies tend to come, designed to appeal to as wide an audience as possible.
0.125 A dispiriting piece of hackwork that ranks somewhere close to The Mod Squad and McHale's Navy on the list of unnecessary and ill-conceived TV-to-movie spin-offs.
0.3 Do we need a new version of I Spy? I don't think so.
0.4 The film is overloaded with self-destruct modes, override codes and cocky Murphyisms discharged with machine-gun relentlessness.
0.2 Except for the fact that it isn't set on the moon, I kept thinking I was watching The Adventures of Pluto Nash all over again.
0.5 I found it irritating but still fun. Please read review.
0.25 So Owen and Eddie go spying - in Budapest! What's to spy on in Budapest!? A secret goulash formula?
0.25 I Spy is an embarrassment, a monotonous, disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations. It's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun.
0.75 When a hail of buddy-comedy cliches works in service of two stars as appealing as Murphy and Wilson, memories of 'The Beverly Hillbillies' can wash away like cinematic Calgon.
0.5 What's next: "My Mother the Car?"
0.5 In short, once you've seen the raucous rapport between two devilish dipsticks dodging bullets and personal put-downs, you've certainly seen it all before!
0.2 Implausible, utterly ridiculous, and absolutely unfunny.
0.2 It's a buddy movie with zero chemistry between its leads, and even the action set-pieces seem dated and deadly dull.
0.5 The Murphy/Wilson danger-with-laughs duo never achieves the cool, hip, bantering momentum of Cosby/Culp.
0.5 It knows it's a lousy movie and draws attention away from the plot by focusing on the personalities
0.2 I Spy's empty jokes fail to stick to you. It's the olestra of major motion pictures.
0.375 A rather dismal, glaringly formulaic action-comedy.
0.25 A loud, witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series.
0.375 I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind.
0.4 Nothing about this movie is terribly fresh.
0.2 The time has come to offer thanks to Owen Wilson.
0.25 A feeble spoof consisting entirely of warmed-over gags from Bond, from previous spy spoofs.
0.25 No aspirations to social import inform the movie version. This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.
0.75 A loose, lighthearted romp that's a notch above the usual buddy comedies.
0.25 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West.
0.35 Retreading a tired and worn genre, the film isn't the worst thing you'll see all year and it does offer a handful of laughs. Yet, it certainly could have been much better.
0.5 Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy, but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good.
0.5 The script doesn't make much sense and unravels in the final reels, but director Betty Thomas offers Murphy and Wilson some opportunity for amusing asides and juvenile horseplay.
0.4 It won't be long before you'll spy I Spy at a video store near you.
0.25 The fights are poorly staged, the chases are boring -- and a series of crashes and explosions can't disguise that absolutely nothing of interest is going on for long stretches.
0.5 The plotting is so generic that the villain played by Malcolm McDowell may as well have been played by Roddy McDowall for all the sinister distinction he's permitted to project.
0.5 A tired old buddy comedy with laughs stitching together chases and explosions.
0.3 If nothing else, I Spy does succeed at counter-intelligence.
0.625 Even the usually intense Malcolm McDowell doesn't have much spark: His main role is to press the remote control button that makes the stealth plane disappear and reappear, perhaps a foreshadowing of I Spy's cable-television future.
0.5 If you're looking for nostalgia, you're in the wrong place.
0.5 Those who loved the television show that provides the film with its title -- and little else -- may be miffed.
0.375 A casting disaster.
0.5 This is a remake by the numbers, linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie.
0.375 For all its dopey shootouts and inept identity tweaks, nothing in this movie amounts to anything.
0.6 It's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie, but it's entertaining enough and worth a look.
0.6 Nothing special, but for fans of Murphy or Wilson it'll be worth a look once it hits video stores.
0.5 Remember when movie versions of old TV shows actually took the trouble of lining up cameos of the series' old stars? Or at least followed the general contours of the original series?
0.2 Witless rehash of 1960s TV action-comedy has star power to waste -- and waste it does.
0.3 If you liked Bad Company, you'll love I Spy!!
0.25 I Spy something lazy, slow, shallow, stupid, amateurish, unfunny, unsuspenseful, uninformed, unspeakably dull and witlessly written, directed and acted.
0.375 The execution is so dumbed-down, so dumbfounding, that sophisticated moviegoers might confuse it for outtakes from Spy Kids 2 and XXX.
0.375 Humor in I Spy is so anemic.
0.4 Just plain generic.
0.5 With none of the series' famous sophistication and wit, all audiences will get from this film is nostalgia for TV's good old days.
0.2 More dead spots than a Jerry Lewis telethon.
0.5 A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick.
0.625 I Spy" made me laugh. It's a blast.
0.25 The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then, out of embarrassment or stupidity, not warning anyone.
0.5 If I Spy were funny (enough) or exciting (enough) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public.
0.5 Apparently the Hollywood studios can no longer be bothered to actually watch the old TV shows they are ripping off.
0.375 If you thought Enron's power-supply manipulation was a waste of energy, wait until you see I-Spy.
0.5 With large portions shot on ugly digital video rather than film stock, the movie frequently looks like a washed out old videotape.
0.5 I Spy is ample reminder that memorable comedy is, in its own way, as tricky to pull off as a good party.
0.375 An overblown clunker full of bad jokes, howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences.
0.4 A sometimes very funny but mostly banal action-comedy that has only superficial links to its 1960s source.
0.375 Owen Wilson...has officially refined his act into saleable Hollywood shtick.
0.125 It's been 20 years since 48 Hrs. made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day. But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old.
0.25 File the film and Murphy's performance under Motion Sickness.
0.5 An uninspired buddies-from-hell comedy with a theater sound system so loud some punch lines are muffled.
0.7 Cut from the same mold as celluloid trash like Bad Company...[but] both Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson are genuinely funny.
0.5 Spy is one of those films in which so little thought went into the story, the characters often whine about not being able to keep things straight. But consider this: It took four people to pen a story that doesn't make a lick of sense.
0.4 As pedestrian as they come.
0.7 The rapport between Wilson and Murphy is uproarious, even if the action bits are a little lame.
0.625 An unremarkable, modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title.
0.75 A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle, though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish.
0.4 A forgettable buddy movie that feels like a rejected script for "Rush Hour 3."
0.5 It's simply a generic action movie -- nothing you haven't seen before.
0.9 Detention is unlike any teen slasher you've ever seen, or quite possibly will see. It's proof that fresh ideas and off the wall filmmaking are still a possibility in today's cinematic world.
0.625 It's hard not to admire the absolute commitment to a script that is very ambitious and totally bonkers in the plot department. And maybe its lack of focus is meant to reflect the scattered attention spans of its audience.
0.9 Detention is a hypnotic hipster acid trip - a brazenly irreverent jolt to the system that screams cult gem.
0.5 ...too weird and too off-the-wall to become anything more than a mildly amusing curiosity.
0.625 I often fell in to the category of despising it but also kept dabbling in the area of admiration for being so unpredictable and original.
0.68 Its willingness to not only acknowledge but outright revel in its own shallowness is refreshing.
0.5 Neither good enough to impress as a meta mashup of horror and comedy, nor bad enough to hoot and throw popcorn at, it slides into a gray area of unfocused ideas and unrealized potential.
0.3 A migraine-inducing endurance test.
0.8 Kahn's fast-paced, Aaron Sorkin-like "Detention" deserves cult-hit status. Just as "The Social Network" embodies our Facebook culture, this SXSW film-festival favorite rewrites today's high school movie bible.
0.3 Tries way, way, way too hard. A directorial drum solo that quickly wears out its welcome.
0.4 Bloody teen slasher ridicules genre's many stereotypes.
0.5 There will be young moviegoers who proclaim this genius, and more stodgy audience members who find it torturous. If you're not tweeting and texting a combined 50 times or more per day, you're probably in the latter camp.
0.625 Sort of like The Breakfast Club meets Donnie Darko, except without a hint of subtlety.
0.375 Here's another sardonic look at the hell of the American high school, where countless American filmmakers believe our souls are locked no matter how long it's been since we graduated.
0.0 It's as if someone vomited pastel-hued nostalgia. I must apologize for that statement: Pastel vomit would take some effort to produce.
0.3 Exhausting before its first few minutes of whip-pans, smash cuts, coarsely self-referential jokes and on-screen text visuals is over...
0.3 In this universe people seem composed of 1 percent water and 99 percent '90s references and genre expectations.
0.2 This is a film with enough ideas to fuel five different movies and not a single one of them is any good.
0.25 Resembles a movie less than it suggests an evening of determined, incoherent channel-hopping - with the help of a remote control that's apparently stuck on "random."
0.625 The movie itself is never truly clear. If it's also never intentionally bad, its unintentional badness keeps blasting into shockingly clever places.
0.6 Some viewers will be understandably put off by its aggressive lack of focus, but Kahn is so excited about cramming in every idea that ultimately the originality trumps the obnoxiousness.
0.5 Somebody somewhere forgot that a film needs a streamlined story to make visual chaos palatable.
0.375 Desperately strives for the smarts and fun that The Cabin in the Woods achieves through good ideas, not relentless attitude.
0.2 The whole thing comes off like 200 commercials smashed together, selling you your own obsolescence.
0.75 An overstuffed but ridiculously fun and gleefully original concoction. "Detention" should earn major "cult hit" status if for no other reason than for its fierce, unflinching juggling of genres and conventions.
0.75 Joseph Kahn funded this sharp looking, ultra low-budget indie with his own savings, and you get the feeling that he's going for broke in every sense.
0.8 Great quirky script makes up for rather indifferent filming style.
0.5 It doesn't take a genius to figure out how this film ends--though it is a bit shocking how abrupt and, yes, unsatisfying it is.
0.5 The new summer movies don't get much more formulaic than this bald attempt to capture the audience that can't wait to see the next three or four installments of Home Alone.
0.2 The feeble attempts at verbal and physical slapstick are so lacking in humour that they're embarrassing for both the players and audience.
0.4 Howard Deutch is a proficient enough second division director, but here he allows sentimentality to run riot, and the awkwardly ageing Culkin (approaching adolescence) no longer possesses the mischievous charm of old.
0.25 The film's greatest liability is Culkin, grown awkwardly out of his Home Alone cuteness into a Stepford Child star.
0.5 When toddlers are tipping the punchlines, it's time for rewrite.
0.125 This seems to be the work not of screenwriters but of Hollywood marketing executives who believe movies are popular because they tell audiences what they want to hear.
0.5 Culkin is Culkin, cute and malleable, absolutely empty, absolutely precious, absolutely irritating.
0.4 Tone: Home Alone-style slapstick with occasional (almost random) heart-tugging.
0.6 A charming, amusing comedy for the whole family
0.5 Perhaps blackmail isn't an easy subject to warm up to, or robbery the best ground to rebuild a relationship on, but with a little care, some added ingredients and a bit more spice, Getting Even With Dad could have been a satisfying [film].
0.2 Yeah, the one with Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson. Avoid at all conceivable cost.
0.5 The dysfunctional family in this film is little more than a shameless plot device to introduce a lame father/son bonding adventure.
0.5 Here is a movie with broad ambitions: It wants to be a caper, a comedy, a romance, and a showcase for MacAulay Culkin. That's too much of a stretch.
0.2 The only point to this movie is to make Macaulay a millionaire.
0.4 Culkin simply couldn't deliver the goods anymore.
0.6 This last gasp MGM musical still features enough curiousity to make it worthwhile.
0.6 Not as bad as some would make you believe. But I'm still not looking forward to that Clint Eastwood Sings Sinatra album.
0.4 About as fun as painting a wagon.
0.7 ...a surplus of good, hummable tunes, breezy dialogue and characterizations, beautiful location shots, and excellent DVD transfer.
0.75 A fun no-brainer that successfully casts a sweet romantic spell.
0.0 No laughs in this one at all. Who decided to write a movie about a club designer? Boring concept, no chemistry.
0.0 Fools rush in to watch this stupid romantic comedy.
0.5 Stick to the sitcoms, Matt.
0.5 Take away the ethnic/pregnancy angles, and we've seen this premise countless times -- all the way back to the spate of post-World War II romances about returning veterans and the mates they married in a blink.
0.9 Highlighted by standout performances by Greg Kinnear and Lily Collins, this film has it all, some humor, some tears, and a lot of truth.
0.7 A little heavy-handed at times, "Stuck in Love" is saved from the maudlin pile by its stellar cast.
0.81 [Boone's] semiautobiographical film is a confident, at times wonderfully nuanced, and often well-paced rewrite of his own parents' divorce.
0.5 Familiar tale of indie-suburban angst.
0.625 The story, while unsurprising, is also quietly satisfying. Everyone comes to accept some hard truths about themselves.
0.4 Cliched literary trappings come together in "Stuck in Love," but the final product feels more like a footnote than a finished work.
0.4 Although "Stuck in Love" is an indie film, it hews slavishly to Hollywood formulas right down to its comfy Thanksgiving Day ending. It's all so easy, isn't it?
0.3 Like many films paying lip service to the world of writing and publishing, Stuck in Love is in a big hurry to get to the good parts
0.8 Three writers in one family explore the different shades of love.
0.625 Worthwhile for its fine performances, including the best work that Greg Kinnear and Jennifer Connelly have done in quite a while.
0.5 Set in a world of resplendent beach homes and scrubbed-clean towns, populated by genetically blessed people who wouldn't know a real concern if it smacked them in the face.
0.6 The movie's not especially urgent or inventive, but it has small moments of grace ...
0.625 Nicely acted, but a bit all over the place
0.5 So contrived and tidy that it's not remotely believable.
0.6 This is the heartfelt indie-schmindie piece that The Perks of Being a Wallflower desperately wanted to be but wasn't.
0.4 First-time director Josh Boone gets performances from his cast but fails to make the story about first loves and second chances work.
0.6 writer/director Josh Boone has made a quiet romantic fantasy, complete with downbeat indie soundtrack, which in its own way is as unrealistic as any blockbuster but a perfectly pleasant watch.
0.4 This is tedious fare. Best avoided.
0.8 Hugely watchable from the shock beginning through to the clever mix of end-of-lifecycle events and renewed opportunities ( ... ) a class above what passes for the average romcom today.
0.6 This is Kinnear's best role in a few years, and Connelly's, too: her attempts to win back Collins's stroppy prodigy have an emotional generosity her acting has lacked lately.
0.8 Enjoyable and engaging relationship comedy drama enlivened by likeable performances, a strong script and some appealing location work, though it's also a little too pretentious for its own good in places.
0.4 It all plays out a bit like a feature-length episode of Dawson's Creek - pretty teenagers wandering around romantic locations spouting over-written dialogue.
0.4 The sharp edges of the story are sentimentally sanded down; there's a fair bit of slush, and it's a pretty quaint view of what writers and a writer's life are actually like.
0.8 Unfashionably un-cynical, it's a labour of familial love from first-time writer-director Josh Boone whose simple style well serves a story of sweetness and wit.
0.6 A sweet little study of the right royal mess people can make of relationships when they let their own neuroses take over, and a warm tribute to overcoming them.
0.4 As dysfunctional as its family of scribblers despite tiny bites of charm from the cast
0.6 A sweet tale of love, loss and life with solid performances from a first-rate cast.
0.6 A tough, well-etched portrait of the damage a broken marriage can wreak.
0.46 Ultimately, Happiness seems most distinctive not as a specific director's work, but rather as an entry in a distinctly Korean melodramatic subgenre.
0.8 Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
1.0 Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
0.875 An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
0.7 Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
1.0 Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
0.875 This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
1.0 Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
1.0 Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
0.8 From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
0.8 Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
0.8 A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
1.0 This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
0.6 If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
1.0 By far, one of the best films of the year.
0.875 As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
0.875 The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
1.0 Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
0.875 Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
0.875 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
0.9 Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
1.0 ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
0.5 ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
1.0 Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
0.85 Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
0.9 Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
0.85 Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
1.0 The best film of 2003.
0.7 A smart, stylish portrait of a romance that never happens, with excellent performances and a message delivered in restrained whisper rather than Hollywood shout.
0.625 It's a film of few words, not a wacky SNL Bill Murray. An abstract meditation on life, self, marriage w/ a few accents of humor shot entirely in Japan.
0.8 Lost In Translation is a subtly moving movie that stays with you longer than you expect.
0.875 ... a film that explores the boundaries and responsibilities of a relationship free of the judgment that outsiders would inevitably impose upon it.
1.0 There's not a word or a wistful glance out of place in Sofia Coppola's offbeat comedy drama.
1.0 Extraordinary in its beautiful, lyrical simplicity...Coppola's seemingly effortless, flawlessly fluid command of the film's moods and unspoken emotions is cinematic bliss.
0.8 This Bill Murray is not only the most human, but in many ways the funniest.
0.875 ...[an] intimate glossy project with a solid purpose...[a] compellingly warm and intuitive narrative...imaginative and inherently heartfelt
1.0 It's one of those unique, introverted gems, like The Accidental Tourist or The Piano, that either enfolds you with its generosity of spirit or leaves you cold.
0.875 The power of Lost in Translation is in the way it sneaks up on you.
1.0 A fidelidade de Sofia Coppola e devotada a seus personagens, e nao ao espectador. E esta e, mais uma vez, a decisao correta.
1.0 A thoughtful, moving film that's a pure delight from beginning to end.
0.625 How sorry can you feel for rich, unadventurous Americans in a major funk?
0.9 There's an almost ethereal rawness to this film that gets way under the skin.
1.0 a beautiful, lyrical cinematic ode to lost souls finding each in an unlikely place
0.875 Director Sofia Coppola's second feature film is so smart and, yet, simple that it is nearly perfect.
1.0 It's that perfect movie that you watch in order to feel that you may not be alone in the world after all. It works like a dream.
0.7 I wasn't quite as impressed as I was apparently supposed to be, and I feel oddly left out because of that.
1.0 "Lost in Translation" is a movie about almost nothing at all except a tenuous connection between two lost souls.
1.0 Lost in Translation finds something that occasionally happens between people and presents it realistically...one of the best pictures of the year.
0.8 At this rate, writer-director Sofia Coppola is poised to become a classic storyteller who is more subtle, if not as grand-scale, as her father.
1.0 The film is poetically austere in dialogue but thoughtful. Like a walk on a spring day, Lost in Translation is not momentous but rather pleasantly freeing.
0.875 It's a movie about disconnection: from your family, from the world around you, even from yourself. It's a movie about being trapped in that high chair and wanting so badly to be able to reach that floor.
0.8 A film about catharsis, the kind that exists outside of movies: the slow reawakening, triggered by the compassion and like-mindedness of another, that everyone craves.
0.625 ...Coppola's more interested in establishing the mood of this foreign land, instead of allowing us to really get to know the two central characters.
1.0 Murray, as Bob, gives the performance of his career.
0.8 In a manner that is leisurely in pace, ruminative in nature and quiet in tone ... Coppola gives her lonely travellers all the space they need to make this tentative and ultimately magical connection.
1.0 The film crackles with the energy of Bob and Charlotte's connection, and their adventures in the hurry-and-flurry Tokyo nightlife are glittery, dreamlike, meditative and beautiful.
0.75 An effective mood piece about cultural dislocation and personal alienation...
1.0 Bob and Charlotte's relationship in particular is exquisitely portrayed; a sort of platonic romance, it's a relationship that exists because of the things that aren't said between them just as much as the things that are
1.0 the best film of the year...it's time to see what Bill Murray's really capable of. If he isn't nominated for Oscars for the film, it'll be a disgrace.
0.87 An amazing mood piece that captures the characters' inner turmoil, confusion, restlessness and the strange, surreal surroundings that are the cause for their discord.
0.9 Sometimes the experience of seeing a film so powerful in its presentation of human character is worth the arguable sacrifice of narrative tension
0.9 Bill Murray is perfectly cast and his performance is understated, like the entire film. He deserves an Oscar nomination.
1.0 A film of dazzling style and gentle triumph.
0.8 A wistful little film that gradually insinuates itself upon your consciousness.
0.875 [Murray] is effortlessly superb.
0.875 Lost in Translation offers such a wealth of wonderful themes that one hardly knows where to begin.
0.875 With Lost in Translation, director Sofia Coppola makes a serious bid to claim her last name for herself.
1.0 A movie as good as anything [Sofia Coppola's] daddy ever made -- and yet Lost in Translation is a movie he could not have made if he tried.
0.9 Sofia Coppola is a rising star, and this is definitely one of the best films of 2003.
1.0 Lost in Translation is delicate, heartfelt, and mesmerizing.
0.875 What could have been one of the year's best films is tripped up by a couple of sloppy contrivances.
0.8 Murray is outstanding as the bearer of flawed maturity and gnawing melancholy.
0.8 A film for any lost soul, anyone trying to figure where their life is headed and if they're happy about it.
0.625 Another elusive non-story about oh-so-existential beautiful misfits
0.875 The title doesn't refer to a misunderstanding so much as a state of being.
0.875 Lost in Translation is one of the year's best films, an intelligent, beautifully rendered mood piece that features Bill Murray at his absolute best.
0.6 The film works best when the two [leads] are having talks together with Murray playing it quiet and sincere. Sadly there are fewer of such moments than the film needed.
0.9 Tender and amazing.
0.9 Sofia has almost surpassed her dad.
1.0 It's a sharp, funny, tender and surprising film that pivots on Murray.
1.0 A gemlike movie that's intimate and moody but never sentimental.
0.875 Coppola clearly loves these characters, and so we do, too.
0.875 Murray has never been better than he is here, but then he's never had a part that fit him so well, either.
1.0 There is real magic afoot in Lost in Translation -- the sort that is created not at the wave of a wizard's wand, but by the coming together of two wayward souls.
0.75 In Lost in Translation, [Murray] emerges as a complete character -- honourable and venal, fallible and funny, adding vulnerability to the panache.
0.9 It's about time someone gave Bill Murray a leading juicy role the talented actor could sink his teeth into.
0.8 A superbly crafted movie, with knowing dialogue, fine performances and characters that you grow to care deeply for.
1.0 How instinctively we react -- and connect -- when a film captures a feeling that is all too common, and all too real.
1.0 Although Translation is only [Coppola's] second feature, she already shows signs of being a sensei, as the Japanese call a master.
1.0 It's no news that Murray is a creative comic actor, with films like Groundhog Day and Rushmore on his resume. Here he's at his very best.
0.75 Expertly captures a feeling of woozy bewilderment.
0.875 How to sing the praises of Lost in Translation without drowning out its subtle pleasures?
0.7 Personally, I had simply read/heard way too much hyperbole about this movie before my screening, so I couldn't help but feel a little let down afterwards.
0.65 This film would've worked really well as a short film, it's not terribly satisfying as a full length feature.
0.8 You don't need an interpreter to get that this a good movie.
1.0 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson make the first classic romance of the new century glow with gorgeous, luminous grace.
0.7 The weight of Sofia Coppola's circuitous script is carried on the shoulders of the career-defining performances given by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.
0.875 Imbued with a blissful nostalgia for things that can never be recaptured, Lost in Translation is already poised to be one of the best movies of the year.
0.875 Lost in Translation's artful blend of romance and cross-cultural comedy is just the tonic for audiences weary of big, dumb, loud summer blockbusters.
1.0 It's a wonderful film, all subtlety and grace, from the delicate script of writer-director Sofia Coppola to the finely tuned efforts of Bill Murray, who gives a still, laconic yet mesmerizing performance.
0.875 By the end of Lost in Translation, we don't know much about Japan, but we know a lot more about the human condition.
0.875 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson give performances that will be talked about for years.
1.0 Subtly realized and finely nuanced, this is fresh and unspoiled filmmaking.
0.75 A terrific balance of comedy, drama and lyrical moments.
0.8 A brave and accomplished study of love and human connections that establishes the young Coppola as one of the most acute talents of her generation.
1.0 Murray is only one of many superb elements in Coppola's new film, a masterpiece on a level with her father's best work at the same age: namely, The Godfather.
0.875 Coppola, an assured and confident young filmmaker, has crafted a small poem, about being lost and being found.
1.0 [Coppola] gives us a film so poignant, so funny, so free of self-satisfied bravado, that one can't help but look forward to her next work.
1.0 Sublimely romantic and subtle.
1.0 Sweet and sad at the same time it is sardonic and funny.
1.0 It allows Scarlett Johansson to arrive as an actress at the same time it finally gives Bill Murray the great role that has always eluded him.
0.875 ...a tender visual poem about unexpected friendship, traveler's angst and the disassociating allure of Tokyo.
0.875 A smartly written, confidently directed film that delivers big laughs while developing two of the year's most earnest characters and some of its most rewarding sentiments.
1.0 As fine a look at dislocation as you're ever going to see, and it has the nice bonus of boasting Bill Murray's greatest performance.
1.0 One of the bests of 2003 with stellar performances by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson as Americans who reach across the age barrier to connect with each other in Tokyo.
0.9 You'll see it because you love Bill Murray. But somewhere about halfway through you'll realize that you're watching something much more than a dramatic vehicle for Hollywood's clown prince.
0.8 Coppola's mood-setting is pitch-perfect ... to be lost and alone in a strange place, full of strangers, feeling kind of sad and wistful.
1.0 Something truly special.
0.6 Lightweight and a bit of a let-down, Sofia Coppola's follow-up to the marvelous Virgin Suicides is nevertheless an interesting development in what's shaping up to be an interesting career.
1.0 One of the purest and simplest examples ever of a director falling in love with her star's gifts.
0.8 Tart and sweet, unmistakably funny and exceptionally well observed.
0.625 It's certainly edgier, smarter, than much of what passes for culture-clash comedy these days, even if the phlegmatic Murray sometimes resembles every Ugly American abroad, mocking waiters and sushi chefs who struggle to get his deadpan humor.
1.0 This is one of the year's most subtly moving films, and a strong affirmation of Coppola's substantial talent.
1.0 Remarkably sophisticated, honest, consistently hilarious and very real.
0.875 Mysterious and complex, as it muses bittersweetly on marriage, longing and the disconnectedness one can feel from another culture or people.
0.7 They'll always have Tokyo.
1.0 This study into the unfathomable depths of human relationships has more honesty than 95% of the movies I have seen this year.
0.8 Sofia Coppola developed the concept from a sketchy four-page outline into a 65-page script, which left lots of room for improvisation. And that's what's brilliant here. Patiently, she trusts her actors and cinematographer Lance Accord.
1.0 Lost in Translation is a witty laugh out-loud tale of friendship. Coppola breaks through and stands firmly at the edge of her future.
0.875 You'll think. You'll laugh. You'll be marvelously entertained. And you'll be touched.
0.48 Attractive and pleasant as it is, there's no escaping the impression that it feels like an overly hip exercise in soul-searching for those who thought American Beauty really did "look closer" at life.
1.0 Lyrical and deeply touching...as intimate, humane, and heartfelt as any love story this year.
0.7 a joy to watch
0.4 This tedious vanity piece is enlivened only by the charm of its leading man, Bill Murray
0.9 Like a favorite and enthralling CD soundtrack that takes you places magical.
0.875 The film's characters see their every disaffection hauntingly reflected onto the sounds and landscapes of the city they inhabit.
0.76 Coppola's technique of trusting the actors to find and deliver their moments scores big in telling her story and overcoming its deficiencies.
0.375 What could have been an interesting and funny period piece under the directorship of original screenwriter Edwards is turned into a tedious, infantile mess by director Benjamin.
0.6 One wishes the only pairing of Clint and Burt were better, but City Heat is still fun.
0.125 How do travesties like this get made?
0.6 One of Mr. Benjamin's main contributions to the film is a good-humored buoyancy, even when things are at their most muddled.
0.6 Charming and easygoing enough in its matinee-movie way, though there are enough unforced errors throughout that it's really hard to think of this as one of Universal's most shining moments.
0.4 Still shufflin' around
0.6 Another mummy flick churned out by Universal, still creepy.
0.8 The Mummy's Hand is probably the best of the series.
0.76 More campy than creepy, still an entertaining blend of action, adventure and comedy.
0.9 On one hand, it has many layers, but on the other hand, it's just about a dude who wants his rug back.
0.5 ...yet another in a long line of promising yet disappointing comedies from Joel and Ethan Coen...
1.0 One of the funniest, coolest, most absurd cult films ever made, and one of the best from the dynamic duo - Joel and Ethan Coen.
1.0 It's essential.
0.875 It's the whole proud, embarrassing sociopolitical, cultural heap of American history-and the American Century in particular-in two fleet, funny hours. [Blu-ray]
0.75 I'm not a fan of the Coen Brothers, but this is an entertaining enough diversion.
0.8 A wild ride for adults only.
0.375 If it's all supposed to be in fun, why does it feel so much like an insult?
1.0 Bridges does more with his deflated body language than many comedians can manage by chewing the furniture.
0.8 If nothing else, the Dude speaks for me when appraises the music of the Eagles.
1.0 It's the actors that make this film: without the perfect casting ... and without their perfect comic timing, it wouldn't work. But it does work, every minute.
0.8 Joel and Ethan Cohen are in the midst of just such a golden streak right now.
0.9 After seeing and enjoying Lebowksi at least four times over the years, I can plainly see why the movie freaks have embraced this off-kilter comedy so enthusiastically.
1.0 In many ways, The Big Lebowski has surpassed Fargo as the Coens' high-water mark.
0.8 The Big Lebowski may have a reputation for being the late night movie of choice for some burnouts, but it's much more than your average stoner film.
1.0 Like meeting the Three Stooges after they've blasted their brains with mind-altering drugs, time-traveled into the 1990s and landed in a vintage bowling alley.
0.8 The Big Lebowski tiene el efecto deseado: creer en los personaje, aun sin creer necesariamente en la historia.
0.875 This is a terrific movie.
0.75 Much of 'Lebowski' is amusing, some of it is downright hilarious and all of it is stylish, with plenty of the Coens' usual inventive shot composition and tricky camerawork.
0.625 The Coen Brothers throw this film into the gutter, never developing what could have been a Strictly Ballroom-like spoof of the bowling world.
0.75 A typical Coen brothers film is like no film you've ever seen.
0.8 When you're having a down day, pop in THE BIG LEBOWSKI for a little pick-me-up, and always remember: The Dude Abides.
0.875 Loopy, unfathomable, profane and very funny.
1.0 Definitively the coolest comedy in a long time.
0.6 O 'Dude' e um personagem absolutamente fascinante.
1.0 One of the best comedies of the nineties, and the best film thus far from the Coen Brothers.
1.0 It's the wealth of great characters and their insane dialogue that make this a memorable film.
1.0 Like a good Caucasian, Joel and Ethan Coen's L.A.-based crime-caper-comedy is an acquired taste, but potentially addictive once you take to its perfectly offbeat blend of seemingly disparate elements.
0.5 As tempting as it is to completely dismiss The Big Lebowski, it's hard to do because the Coens are able to create wickedly funny eccentrics and possess the ability to energize certain actors to inhabit them completely.
0.5 This time, they have all the parts together, but someone forgot the glue.
0.75 The Big Lebowski is a mess. But what a glorious, wonderfully-entertaining mess it is.
0.75 It's weirdly engaging, like its hero.
0.77 Not that The Big Lebowski is without its charms, but, like its central character, it is occasionally aimless and incoherent.
0.5 This uneven screwball comedy -- a disjointed and half-hearted attempt by the Coen brothers to return to the Raising Arizona style -- is bound to underwhelm even their most fervent admirers.
0.75 The movie is more fascinating than funny, one you're more likely to discuss afterwards that laugh at while it is playing.
0.25 There are bits of brilliance here as in all Coen Brothers movies. Just not enough of them.
0.5 The Dude and Sobchak begin as caricatures too, but they're allowed to grow into something deeper, if only because the humanist economy of the Coens' surrealist vaudeville allows for a couple of human beings within the tapestry of freaks.
0.0 This movie seems to me almost a mishmash of the worst bits that were left out of previous Coen Brothers outings.
0.6 I wish the Coens the best, but they're going to have to do better than this. I know they can.
1.0 In a perfect world all movies would be made by the Coen brothers.
0.8 The Big Lebowski doesn't always bowl strikes. But in this wacky comedy, even the gutter balls are funny.
0.6 Bad news for those in search of accessible comedy; good news, as always, for those who work at finding oddball flourishes and well-disguised social commentary.
0.875 Outrageously fun.
0.875 Leave it to the Coen brothers to use a man urinating on a rug as the catalyst for an entire film's events.
0.8 This plot need not be taken too seriously. Watching it amble along is enough of a treat, since the Coens populate this story with oddballs and bowling balls of such comic variety.
0.6 It never really bored me at any point, but at the same time, it never really excited me either.
0.75 Inside the minds of Joel and Ethan Coen is a wonderfully weird place.
0.75 Viewers with a taste for bizarre, even surreal, humor will have a ball.
0.9 Some viewers have criticized the movie for being too much of a shaggy dog story, lacking a cohesive point or purpose. Yet to look for the point is to miss it entirely. Coen-heads hop aboard for the ride.
0.875 Outstanding acting, writing, direction and photography all combine to make this a great comic success.
0.25 It's a blunderbuss satire that criminally wastes a talented cast.
0.5 In truckin' past so many fruitful oases, "Salvation Boulevard" is a bumpy road.
0.75 Salvation Boulevard wins exclusively on the strength of its cast.
0.625 [An] enjoyable if simplistic black comedy loosely based on a novel by Larry Beinhart.
0.5 It's quite funny at times and has some good performances. But it's so predictable it has no bite, either as social satire or as slapstick comedy.
0.8 Silly, predictable and as funny as the funny business of religion can be.
0.5 The movie seems to be intoxicated by how funny it thinks it is, gleefully descending into a swell of hyperactivity, with each new scene engineered to one-up the last.
0.4 Starts out on the right path, but loses its way early on.
0.875 A reasonably funny religious satire that takes potshots at easy targets but is quite watchable due to the participation of two Oscar winners and two Oscar nominees.
0.3 Without the humor, the stereotypes that define these characters aren't satirical; they're just mean-spirited and dull.
0.5 There is the inkling of a strong, interesting idea here ... but "Salvation Boulevard" is itself too loosely tethered to the actual world to make the point with the necessary vigor or acuity.
0.4 long on chutzpah but short on finesse
0.3 May have been complicated and chaotic on the page but it's reduced to a tedious film that makes no impact on screen.
0.2 Yet another slam on an amoral Fundamentalist preacher.
0.5 Despite the talents of Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Marisa Tomei, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Ciaran Hinds, Yul Vazquez and Jim Gaffigan, "Salvation Boulevard" is far less than the sum of its fine, character-actor parts.
0.25 It's a stupid farrago of aborted ideas, misguided actors, lame direction, submental writing and follow-the-dots plotting that never comes anywhere within a 10-mile radius of what I used to call coherent filmmaking.
0.4 Only Tomei, as an ineffectual campus security guard and fellow Deadhead, makes a lasting impression.
0.25 Salvation Boulevard doesn't simply pander to its choir; it practically accosts it via all manner of grotesque characterizations and situations.
0.3 In this case, boredom is the deadliest sin.
0.5 A real missed opportunity.
0.3 Nine-year-old kids may sit through it and have fun, but nine-year-olds would also eat french fries 23 hours a day if their parents didn't force them to try something more nutritious.
0.5 Rather than a wolf in sheep's clothing, Teen Wolf is basically a standard 80s teen flick in werewolf's clothing.
0.7 It's often ridiculous, and filled with '80s cheese, but Teen Wolf does harbor some poignant coming-of-age metaphors and decent helping of intentional, and unintentional, comedy.
0.6 corny but endearing
0.4 Classic 80s teen flick. Ow-wooo!
0.0 Forgettable formulaic comedy.
0.6 Lots of fun. Michael J.Fox is hilarious!
0.4 What's Your Number? isn't necessary as a romantic comedy should be. It goes for the cheap way out at every turn and uses Faris as a punching bag for acquiring jokes.
0.375 Too similar to, and inferior to, "Bridesmaids"
0.625 While Faris is her usual, lovably offbeat self, she ultimately fights a losing battle against formula.
0.25 Sometimes, underneath a film's 'R' rating for sexual content and foul language, lies a core of sweetness and warmth. Unfortunately, for the unsuspecting viewer who is used to the quality of, say, Judd Apatow comedies, this is not one of those films.
0.4 The film's satirical jabs at people addicted to Facebook and Twitter raises a few smiles in what is otherwise a straight-to-cinemas DVD release.
0.7 There is something really attractive about Anna Faris as Ally, she has that mesmerizing mobile mouth that distracts but her presence is actually totally winning. She's a klutz but a loveable one.
0.5 Still, it's hard to dislike any vehicle for Faris -- the slob's Marilyn Monroe -- with her gift for dejection and her pliable face, which is like a hastily drawn cartoon.
0.3 If anything, it feels like 'What's Your Number?' is the worst version of what 'Bridesmaids' could have been. It just doesn't heart, and every joke feels completely forced and obvious.
0.6 The film isn't great, but Faris is.
0.5 Like recent rom-com Friends with Benefits, it's the chemistry of the two leads that keeps it afloat. They just deserve better material to flirt around.
0.4 Anna Faris can be cute and funny in the bubbly, ditzy, Goldie Hawn manner - as she proved in The House Bunny - but she's mostly shrill and irritating in lame chick flick What's Your Number
0.2 In spite of efforts to instill in our young women the notion that self-worth shouldn't be measured by her ability to attract a husband, filmmakers continue to craft comedy from that very outmoded belief.
0.6 Faris is a rare talent: beautiful as a porcelain doll with the comic instincts of a first-rate clown ...
0.2 ...less an exercise in bad taste than in bad filmmaking.
0.4 A predictable by-the-numbers screwball farce that doesn't add up to entertaining fun.
0.2 A prime example of romantic-comedy by the numbers.
0.25 This is smarmy and sentimental. And repugnant, starting with the premise.
0.8 A wonderfully funny comedy that shows young women in their real environment, competing with themselves.
0.4 Hilarity fails to ensue and the film's reactionary sexual politics make it harder to root for its protagonists' inevitable hook-up.
0.4 Another raunchy comedy; another turned off audience
0.4 Feels less like a showcase for its star than just another glossy barrier holding back her potential.
0.5 Not terribly shocking, but if you've seen the trailer, you've already witnessed some of the funniest moments in the film.
0.2 Raunchy romcom promotes double standards, stereotypes.
0.0 What's Your Number? Dumb question. And an even dumber movie.
0.3 This raunchy, smutty female comedy adds up to very little.
0.625 Anna Faris is cute and funny. I only wish the movie lived up to her charms.
0.6 Were this film made with Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey, it would be excruciating. But Faris and Evans make it surprisingly enjoyable.
0.3 Evans does have legitimate movie-star charm and charisma, but you kind of get the feeling that What's Your Number? might be Faris' last at-bat in a leading role.
0.375 [Faris] and Evans deserve better than a string of rom-com cliches, including the surprise date in a closed sports arena. Unless you're Justin Beiber and Selena Gomez, it couldn't happen to you.
0.4 Another regrettable entry in the ongoing Hollywood saga of "When bad movies happen to good people."
0.5 Once again Anna Faris manages to be the best thing in another not very good Anna Faris movie.
0.6 There are some laughs here, no question, but it seems to take every ounce of Faris' comic ability to keep the story moving forward.
0.1 To answer the question, 'What's Your Number?,' I'm thinking 'zero.' As in the amount of time and money that filmgoers should spend on this cellu-void.
0.5 Stupefyingly formulaic.
0.5 For all its edge, What's Your Number? is rooted in stale convention, boxed in by unfair societal strictures and holds to the belief that good girls still need the affirmation of a man and marriage to be complete.
0.3 A pale excuse for a chick flick that should look even more ghostly in light of the similarly-themed and far-superior Bridesmaids earlier this year.
0.4 It is difficult to recall a film in which the word "vagina" is used so often. But it seems that the female characters in this rom-com have little else to commend them than their sexual organs.
0.4 This comedy is empty.
0.25 There's just zilch here to get excited about. It does nothing you haven't seen before.
0.5 What's the point of all this?
0.25 It's a cynical exercise in marketing, masquerading as a maverick.
0.5 That "Number" works at all, and I should add it's pleasant enough and has a few amusing moments, is due entirely to the resourceful Faris.
0.375 For the most part, What's Your Number? plays like a bottom-of-the-barrel sitcom that has absolutely no basis in reality...
0.0 I am worried any movie playing in an adjoining theater might get herpes.
0.6 Note to Hollywood: Just because films like "The Hangover" and "Bridesmaids" were successful doesn't mean that having characters yell "Vagina" every few minutes is funny. It usually isn't.
0.375 What's Your Number? has a major comic obstacle in the fact that its protagonist approaches her search to find Mr. Right in a constant state of denial.
0.5 It's deeply frustrating, made all the worse since Anna Faris is clearly trying her hardest with substandard material.
0.5 Ranks higher in crudity than in the number of laughs generated.
0.0 He is borderline evil, and she is a completely helpless, flailing fool, and there's no reason to think they would stay together for a month.
0.3 "What's Your Number?" doesn't know when to quit. Once it subsides into squishy wedding pornography, it is all but unendurable.
0.375 What's Your Number? doesn't appear to get Anna Faris, which is its loss.
0.5 A not very good romantic comedy made somewhat bearable by Faris.
0.45 It doesn't matter that Faris is in on the joke - it still steamrolls over her.
0.6 It's very silly and cheesy, and the opening gag is unfortunately the same as the one that starts Bridesmaids, but there is something puppyishly likable in this romantic comedy...
0.5 "What's Your Number?" suffers from an elaborate plot that traps the actors in scenarios that feel like a screenwriter's (or, in this case, a novelist's) invention.
0.2 The rom-com spark simply isn't there between the pair, which results in a couple of characters' large egos interplaying.
0.625 It's that awkward, tedious monster mash of "chick flick'' and romantic comedy - a flatulent issue of Glamour in a Hildy Johnson hat.
0.6 It made me laugh more than most movies this year, and confirms my belief that Anna Faris could be a big star if she ever gets offered a script worthy of her talents.
0.4 barely tolerable
0.5 Faris is endearing even at those times when this frantic I've-slept-with- 19-guys comedy is barely endurable.
0.2 People acting like idiots is the warp and woof of romantic comedy. But they have to be likable idiots, empathetic idiots. Faris takes an already confused character and turns her sandpaper-abrasive.
0.6 The leads have an infectious chemistry and Ally is a refreshingly modern heroine with a nice screwball touch.
0.625 What's Your Number? manages to skate the line between romantic and risque, which is far more than most movies of its ilk can accomplish.
0.4 Someday Anna Faris will find a movie vehicle that takes full advantage of her quirky comic rhythms and goofball timing, but it sure isn't "What's Your Number?"
0.6 The premise may be asinine, but sometimes that's the surest way to prevent letdown - I'm sure it's still possible to be disappointed with a film whose entire plot is derived from an invented article in Marie Claire, but the odds are against it.
0.625 This movie isn't as daring as it pretends to be, but with two likable stars and a quotient of absurdity, "What's Your Number?" gets a passing grade.
0.5 Anna Faris survives "What's Your Number?" with eccentric comic charm intact. Dumb film; smart comedienne.
0.5 If casting was everything, scripts could be scribbled by toddlers and it wouldn't matter. Not the case.
0.375 Anna Faris and Chris Evans don't have enough scenes together, don't have enough funny lines and aren't surrounded by enough funny people to give this "Bridesmaids-lite" a shot.
0.5 Some audience members will come out for What's Your Number? for Faris' appeal and likability, but they'll leave disappointed because this film is more interested in showing her physical assets than her comedic ones.
0.3 ...the film's tedium is such that by the time the final credits rolled, I felt much sorrier for myself than I did for [Faris].
0.375 "What's Your Number?" sticks to the low common denominators of most Hollywood romances, and it ends up a commonplace one for doing so.
0.4 A waste of talent, it proves that the most important people involved in cinema are those responsible for the scripts. Whether there are flies buzzing around it or not, some turds cannot be polished.
0.6 Faris offers just enough rough-diamond spark to keep the embers of romance alive throughout the predictable plot.
0.8 If the script doesn't grab you, the eye candy probably will; Evans missing no opportunity to show off his Captain America physique and Faris likewise exposing more flesh than the meat counter at Tesco Extra.
0.8 A thoroughly enjoyable and frequently hilarious romcom thanks to a superb script, a colourful supporting cast and strong chemistry (both comic and romantic) between a back-on-form Anna Faris and a frequently shirtless Chris Evans.
0.4 A throwaway giggle rather than a life-affirming mirror for that swelling box-office target: the single woman.
0.4 Two charming leads don't make up for a comedy that just doesn't quite deliver the laughs it should.
0.8 A star is born in Nashville.
0.5 Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville.
0.75 The Thing Called Love charms and touches.
0.5 It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper.
0.6 A highlight of Phoenix's career
0.0 River Phoenix gives a somnambulant impersonation of Christian Slater impersonating Jack Nicholson, and Samantha Mathis spends much of the movie trying to figure out exactly who her character is.
0.25 Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help.
0.625 Aside from its blatantly commercial aspirations and predictable storyline, there is an appealing cast, enjoyable songs and some funny bits of business.
0.8 Sweet, funny and uplifting. Shu Qi sizzles.
0.5 Vince Vaughn is nowhere in sight, so you know it can't be a Valentine's Day offering from the Western world. It tries though. It tries.
0.4 The film feels disjointed and inorganic as it skips from one set of problems to another.
0.3 Devoid of charisma or a third dimension, these contrived characters - whether dissolute or doltish, shrill or sheepish - rarely engage.
0.75 Strangely sour and ultimately wearisome.
0.5 If you really want to appreciate this film, go see all the hood movies from the 90s - good and bad.
0.4 ...the Wayans use a sledgehammer to drive in a thumbtack.
0.4 There's maybe three or four half-decent chuckles to be found in this otherwise interminable 90-minute mega-chore.
0.75 The thin plot is merely the frame for gags, and there are more a few good ones here.
0.6 Laugh yourself stupid....Wayans classic!
0.6 A free-for-all comic spoof that brings the 'hood' genre of Hollywood films full circle.
0.5 [A] pleasant hour and a half.
0.8 One of the funniest movies of all time
0.2 There are zero laughs in this stupid, stupid movie.
0.5 The gags -- like most of the Wayanses' humor -- range from astute satire to lowest-common-denominator yucks.
0.625 Rude, crude and outrageous.
0.1 If I see one more movie featuring that current favorite of obnoxious movie stereotypes -- the pair of abrasive Asian convenience store owners -- I'm not going to even going to think twice before getting up and leaving the theatre.
0.4 Repeats itself and strains for laughs where the original giddily stumbled through them.
0.6 full review in Greek
0.625 Meet the Fockers is frequently funny, but it turns a bit too cruel in the third act to be as worthy a sequel to its predecessor as it could have been
0.4 Fans of the first will find some amusement in familiarity, but with such a comically able cast this is a missed opportunity.
0.4 The expected misunderstandings ensue, as you'd expect, which would be pretty excruciating if not for the performances of Hoffman and Streisand.
0.6 [Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand] seem to have been waiting their whole careers to do unrestrained comedy, and they step into their roles with unparalleled enthusiasm.
0.5 ...just as mediocre and gratingly unfunny as its predecessor...
0.4 Catch it on HBO for the sheer delight of everything Hoffman and Streisand do. It's fun to meet the Fockers themselves, but the rest of the movie can stay home.
0.6 As far as completely pointless, redundant, superfluous sequels go, it could have been a lot worse. At least it wasn't ZOOLANDER 2 - MORE ZOOLANDISH
0.8 Hoffman, in particular, is a delight - he has an infectious comic energy that seems to light up the rest of the cast.
0.4 A pergunta e: voce quer transformar o titulo brasileiro desta producao em realidade?
0.75 'Quiza tenga una historia muy boba y situaciones absurdas llevadas al extremo, pero de eso se trata: de hacer reir con bobadas'
0.6 Although not as disarmingly funny the second time around, inspired casting means that, unlike most in-laws, the Fockers don't outstay their welcome.
0.5 so exaggerated that it veers wildly and awkwardly into pure, outlandish farce
1.0 It does what few comedies achieve, literally giving me a laugh a minute, sometimes good, deep belly laughs.
0.4 Even Stiller, who I've always appreciated, seems to be going through the motions here.
0.625 Gauge your interest by how you liked Parents and you won't be disappointed.
0.4 The abundance of talent gathered for Meet the Fockers is sadly shortchanged by the unimaginative script and directorial laissez faire.
0.5 Clearly contrived, yet at times undeniably funny. Still, from this cast, you may be expecting more substance and less sophomore.
0.6 No se trata de una obra de arte ni una competidora a los Oscar, pero...A quin le importa eso cuando lo que uno busca es rerse un poco?
0.5 ...[a] star-studded but tediously uneven low-brow sequel...Meet the Fockers is pretty much a flavorless family affair to forget
0.7 Fockers has the combined subtlety of a libido-mad bull elephant and a bad case of flatulence in church, but that's the kind of movie it is.
0.75 You should get your kicks from the Fockers.
0.5 Hoffman...is like the one kid in gym class who takes Frisbee golf seriously.
0.25 There is not one joke in Meet the Fockers.
0.75 Unlike Billy Crystal (Analyze This) and Eddie Murphy (Showtime), Stiller brings out De Niro's best comic instincts.
0.6 .
0.75 Does little to alter the formula of the original, but the two films set a nice example of successful use of the concept of theme and variation.
0.375 ...the story fails to take the high road...
0.7 The foreplay was a little boring, but once they start Fockering, it works... It may be absurd and in poor taste, but that doesn't mean it can't still be funny.
0.6 This is silliness that's good for a video replay on a rainy day.
0.75 A comic clash of stereotypical Red State and Blue State culture, but with a wish-fulfillment Hollywood ending in which 'Fockerization' triumphs...
0.625 The Fockers is a must-have for family viewing.
0.5 Like virtually every sequel to a hit comedy, it recycles and essentially beats to death everything that got a laugh in the original film.
0.6 A one joke movie but Streisand and Hoffman make that one joke enjoyable.
0.625 Both movies lack the real discomfort and awkwardness that comes with meeting future in-laws.
0.4 You'd think after an eight-year absence from the screen, [Streisand would] return with more self-respect.
0.3 Meet the Fockers is get-rich-quick, no-thought-required sequel-mongering at its most mercenary. (Plus it's screamingly unfunny.)
0.4 Fifteen years ago, a movie with Streisand, Hoffman and DeNiro in starring roles would have been considered the casting coup of the ages.
0.625 This is American Pie for people over 35.
0.375 It is Beavis and Butt-head rewriting The In-Laws, only the scripts for Beavis were much smarter.
0.5 A resolutely average sequel, several subbasements below the first film in both comic inspiration and energy.
0.8 Often-uproarious.
0.7 The exceptional cast turned the garden-variety script they were given into a movie that should please crowds throughout the holiday season.
0.5 There are few things sadder than wasted potential, unless it's sitting through 115 minutes of mediocrity desperately searching for a few decent jokes.
0.5 Despite a cast enhanced with notable players -- Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand come on board as the elder Fockers -- the movie has few new jokes to tell, offering little more than slight modulations of familiar scenarios.
0.5 When a movie's title is based on a crass pun, you shouldn't expect the bar to be too high
0.5 The laughs are few and far between, bearing only a sloppy, derivative resemblance to its predecessor.
0.625 A silly good time.
0.4 Delivers fewer laughs than its predecessor.
0.4 The family is bigger, but the laughs aren't.
0.75 Meet the Fockers takes time to generate comic momentum, but the irresistible energy of Hoffman and Streisand soon refreshes the leftover story line from Parents.
0.625 More than any recent comedy I can think of, Meet the Fockers seems likely to split audiences between those who find it deliriously funny and those who grind their teeth at its obviousness.
0.5 For audiences that loved Meet the Parents, the movie is a welcome chance to revisit funny and familiar characters.
0.625 Meet the Fockers is not much of a movie -- just a lot of comic situations barely held together by the semblance of a plot -- but it is genuinely funny in a crass way.
0.75 By the film's finale you'll pity any poor fool who actually is named Focker -- for following this picture they're certain to see a surge in mockery.
0.8 If you enjoyed Meet the Parents, you'll have just as much fun in Meet the Fockers.
0.375 It's a toss-up as to who gets the worst end of the deal with Meet the Fockers: the audience or the film's all-star cast.
0.4 Meet the Fockers is as tacky as its title, as crass as a kid learning his first cuss word.
0.5 A sloppy and not-funny- enough sequel to Meet the Parents.
0.5 Meet the Fockers, a sluggish sequel to the anarchic domestic comedy Meet the Parents, is one visit too many.
0.625 If you keep your expectations in check, the encounter doesn't disappoint.
0.5 Hoffman and Streisand give energetic, game performances, but the movie provides them with dispiritingly little material.
0.7 One of those relatively rare comedies that's at once puerile, charming and very funny throughout.
0.5 Amusing ... but not distinctive.
0.6 Thanks to an ensemble cast that includes Robert De Niro, Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman, Meet The Fockers is much more fun than anticipated.
0.5 There is some fun in watching the veterans mix it up -- De Niro, who looks like he wants to fade into the scenery, Streisand, who tries to eat it -- but nothing is well developed here.
0.5 Playing up the socio-religious rifts of the first film, the sequel reflects the country's current political schisms.
0.5 Hoffman and Streisand are the best things about Meet the Fockers. The movie would have been better off spending more time with them instead of focusing again on the uneasy relationship between eager-to-please Greg and his father-in-law- to-be Jack.
0.5 Given how well Stiller and De Niro play off each other, you'll wish they had more to work with.
0.5 The movie is pleasant enough, but never quite reaches critical mass as a comedy.
0.625 A rascally little play on words is the funniest element of Meet the Fockers, a sequel with big name stars and, only occasionally, laughs to match.
0.625 Culture-clashing through the snow, in a one-joke open sleigh, Meet the Fockers goes, laughing all the way . . . to the bank.
0.5 The sequel is pretty much what you'd expect--mindless fluff with maybe a little less calamity than its predecessor, but a lot more schmaltz. Oy vey!
0.5 Hoffman and Streisand provide some laughs in this sequel to Meet the Parents but the screenplay lacks comic zest.
0.625 The picture has two lingering scenes that are so excruciatingly funny they compensate for the material that flounders.
0.375 And you thought your parents were embarrassing.
0.75 Meet the Fockers isn't quite as funny as its predecessor, but it definitely has its moments.
0.75 Meet The Fockers is a fine sequel; not surpassing the original, but clearly putting forth more of an effort than most follow-ups do into the script department.
0.7 MtF works rather well &#150; although it sometimes lacks the smoothness of its predecessor.
0.8 This isn't just a second helping of Gaylord Focker humiliation, for once here's a comedy sequel that manages to revisit its world without banally repeating it.
0.6 Because no good joke in Hollywood goes untold again ... and again, the mixed-couple setup receives another extended workout in this modestly amusing sequel.
0.75 Formulaic but consistently funny.
0.625 So many subplots are piled onto Meet the Fockers that it's a wonder any of the glittering talents assembled here have room to be funny.
0.375 A weary retread without a fraction of the inventiveness that sparked the original.
0.5 Never has so much talent been wasted with so little imagination.
0.5 Director Jay Roach gives the film no visual distinction whatsoever but packs on the jokes with tireless bustle.
0.5 Though it's good to see [Stiller] back in his stumbling, bumbling element, it's a bummer to see his element wasted in such stumbling, bumbling gags.
0.5 Simply too much unpleasantness afoot.
0.125 An infantile, desperately uncreative sequel that will do anything for a cheap laugh. Just imagine Meet the Parents remade for the comedy sensibilities of a 12-year-old.
0.375 DeNiro is pretty much the only reason to see Meet the Fockers...[betrays] creative exhaustion.
0.5 Stiller - by starring in Meet the Fockers, one of the year's final releases - pulls into a buzzer-beating tie with Jude Law as the most-overexposed actor of the movie year.
0.125 There's room left open, of course, for the eagerly-awaited conclusion to the Parent Focker trilogy. Here's hoping that when that blessed day arrives, I'll be good and dead.
0.6 repetitious and just not that funny on the whole, especially since it's so derivative and out of character next to the original
0.5 Forced and formulaic sequel ... is a tedious disappointment.
0.875 If you don't think Ben Stiller is funny, Spanglish is playing at the next theater over. Meet The Fockers made me laugh so hard my stomach started to ache.
0.4 Features three of the most frightening noses in the business (Streisand, Hoffman and Owen Wilson). Consider yourself lucky it's not in 3D.
0.375 A frantic, pointless sequel, funny in clumps, but mostly contrived and empty.
0.7 While there is a serious subtext, cast and crew remember that this is essentially a frivolous comedy
0.8 Donkey, with his endless asides and phenomenally thick skin, is as much of a pleasure as he was in the first film, but he has a challenger: Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas.
0.6 There's no denying that Shrek 2 is fun, but it's fun without substance, and like the bubbles in the Fairy Godmother's potions, it evaporates quickly.
0.875 It's a close call as to which one's better.
0.875 It's not often that a sequel is richer and deeper than the original creation, especially when we're talking about the offerings of Hollywood. But Shrek 2 is the exception.
0.8 The characters are still charming, the animation really is spectacularly smooth and expressive, and the Looney Tunes-style humor and pop-culture in-jokes are as inventive and hilarious as before.
1.0 Shrek 2 is as much of a shriek as the original and if they keep putting out films as charming as this one, we'll all live happily ever after.
0.7 Shrek 2 retains all the fun, artistry and pop stylings of Shrek.
0.8 Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel. It's very funny, very fresh, and leaves one anxious for the next installment.
0.875 If fall movies were this consistently clever, there would never be reason to hesitate before plunking down hard-earned bucks at the multiplex.
0.8 There's plenty of subtle satire and double entendres for young and old alike to savour.
1.0 Just as much fairytale fun as the first one.
0.875 One couldn't ask for a better sequel than Shrek 2.
0.8 All the cast are uniformly excellent in their roles.
0.6 While Shrek 2 bowls merrily along on the fuel of firecracker wit and knowing pastiche that made the original so memorable, it will come as no surprise that second time around we don't feel quite so discombobulated by its brilliance.
0.4 The most accurate way to sum up Shrek 2 is that it is exactly like the original.
0.8 You'll be laughing from the first five minutes.
0.875 It ends up not so much an extension of Shrek's story as an improved retelling. [It's] critique applies to any culture that has codes of behavior and appearance.
0.7 Oh, Antonio; as a human you are -- forgive me -- less than convincing, but as a marmalade pussycat in shiny black thigh-high boots you are absolutely sensational.
0.8 Great amusement, spectacular visuals, and a wholesome story everyone can enjoy.
0.875 a familiar, but funny story of matrimonial turbulence and interfamilial discord ... with a few twisted fairy tale twists, of course
1.0 'Perfecto ejemplo del cine del nuevo milenio, asi como uno de los logros mas importantes en la historia del celuloide. Es, simple y sencillamente, genial e inolvidable.'
0.56 At best, hit and miss comedy.
0.6 An enjoyable if not especially imaginative sequel.
0.8 Enjoyable sequel that reigns in the satirical bite of the original but still delivers plenty of laughs.
0.8 Gauged simply as a gag fest, this is a jolly rib tickle from start to big finish for anyone between six and death. However, it is stretched thinly in development of plot and character.
0.75 Twice as irreverent, twice as flatulent and, at times, twice as much fun as the original.
0.5 Shrek has become a shill, peddling everything from breakfast cereal to M&M's. But is the ready-made blockbuster to the original really all that or just more of the same?
0.9 La trama es sencilla pero explosiva, dando pauta a que los mas ligeros acontecimientos puedan arrebatarnos sonrisas de irreverencia.
0.8 Contando uma historia engracada e interessante, o longa continua a tratar as fabulas com irreverencia.
0.4 Fe Fi Ho Hum!
0.75 The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical. "Shrek 2" feels very fantastic and improbable.
0.8 Shrek 2 is a smorgasbord of delights, with something for all ages.
1.0 With a witty premise, an all-star cast and a show-stopping rendition of Holding Out For a Hero as the new movie anthem, what's not to love?
0.5 In the best Hollywood tradition, Shrek 2 boldly argues against a prejudice nobody actually has.
0.7 If Antonio Banderas would have played Zorro more like Puss 'n Boots, that movie might have been a lot better.
0.8 A lovelier movie than the first, but...not quite as magical.
0.875 ....thoughtful, extensive, focused and energetic without actually being a retread of the past
0.8 While it's not terribly original--it never takes the premise or characters anywhere new--you'll be so busy laughing you won't care.
0.875 Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear.
0.9 ...it is a rewarding experience just to play "spot the hilarious movie reference" even if you don't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. But you do care.
0.6 Antonio for Best Supporting Actor! Puss in Boots is the best reason to see a film this summer.
1.0 The sequel may lack the surprise of the original, but it more than makes up for it in terms of the speed -- and volume -- of pop-culture riffs hitting the screen.
0.875 The Shrek gang is back and the new film is better than ever.
0.84 Retains the best of the original - funny characters, smart dialogue, sharp wit and a sweet moral - with less of the obnoxious aspects, and an hilarious new character.
0.75 The humor is so satisfying in its moment-to-moment pleasures that it's almost unsportsmanlike to criticize the bigger picture.
0.7 Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first.
0.4 Anyone wanting to see well-crafted animated films that don't rely exclusively on making fun of pre-existing material for their jokes should stick with Pixar.
0.8 With its Meet the Parents vibe and its twisted take on classic fairy tale standards, Shrek 2 is always entertaining and often hilarious.
0.8 I haven't left a theatre with this kind of smile on my face since Elf.
0.8 The long list of sequels to be released in coming months will have a hard time measuring up to this green giant.
0.6 There is distinctly less magic and fun in SHREK 2 as the title ogre has problems becoming accepted by his in-laws.
0.75 The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure, and thankfully the folks behind this one haven't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick.
0.9 There's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold.
0.6 Is it the second coming of DreamWorks? No, just the second coming of Shrek, which, frankly, is good enough for me.
0.9 Shrek 2 is a fun film that the whole family can enjoy. I think the adults may enjoy it even more than the kids.
0.75 Often very amusing, thanks to a droll script by co-director and co-writer Andrew Adamson (Shrek) and others and a terrific roster of supporting players.
0.8 I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the first film and anyone who enjoys fun, fluffy, all-around entertaining animated movies altogether.
0.8 The depiction of what is essentially a mixed marriage has more tender nuances than many 'serious' films that confront the topic outright.
0.5 Apart from Antonio Banderas' sizzling bout of self-parody as Puss in Boots, who boasts a slashing trademark and Latin bravado akin to Zorro's, Shrek 2 is mostly just dreck squared.
1.0 One viewing isn&#8217;t enough. There&#8217;s layer upon layer of visual gags, and in many cases, they&#8217;re funnier than those in the dialogue.
0.6 It's comfortable, easy and warm, and if it leaves you with a slight feeling of deja vu at the end, what else did you expect?
0.75 Cute, cute, cute is pretty much the defining description of Shrek 2.
0.7 Less magical and falls short of the 2001 Oscar-winning hit -- but that still leaves plenty of room for the new film to entertain.
0.7 There's a lot more to Shrek 2 than this 'I'm-okay- you're-okay' idealism, namely non-stop jokes that are clever, surreal and good-natured.
0.625 There is a fine line between name-dropping a product or TV show for laughs and genuinely writing something that is funny on its own merit
1.0 Once or twice a decade, a moment comes along that's so through-the-roof, rupture-your-hernia funny that it reaffirms my faith in comedy. 'Shrek 2' has several of those.
0.875 Shrek 2 serves up a heapin' helping of merriment and mayhem within a spectacular concoction of animated brilliance! READ ON->
1.0 C'est simple: si vous avez aime Shrek, vous adorerez Shrek 2.
1.0 Shrek 2" proves a sequel not only can be good - but can be great.
0.75 At its best, this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation, blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire.
1.0 Fairytales like this can come true... for me and for you.
0.625 Clearly, it's a problem when a movie's least interesting characters are its title hero and his signficant ogre...
0.875 Still flashy, funny and irreverent, balanced with a keen understanding of its lead characters that makes it more than just franchised eye-candy.
0.875 ...the villain this time around is Fairy Godmother herself, who acts like a magically powered plastic surgeon.
0.7 Manages to be a lot of fun while still playing it safe.
0.875 What's amazingly gutsy about Shrek 2 is its ability to dare to duplicate the infectious wit of its Academy-Award winning predecessor
0.5 None of the jokes stand on their own as jokes; they depend on the usual boys' bathroom humor and on pop culture references that range from a bit outdated to very outdated.
0.75 Getting to spend more time with these guys is a treat, but ultimately this is a mostly unnecessary sequel.
0.625 Somebody warn Ellen Degeneres that her brief reign as best supporting cartoon voice is now in jeopardy.
0.75 Lively and fun.
0.875 It's sharp, funny and has a twisted sensibility that manages to be just right for every age group.
0.75 Every bit the equal of the first film.
0.875 Delivers more fun than there is slime in a green ogre's swamp.
0.7 Funny and forgettable.
0.8 Offers twice the fun, twice the pop references and double the amount of astonishing technical wizardry of its predecessor.
0.875 The Shrek franchise is alive and well -- Model 2 is zippier, sleeker, with ever-improving graphics, vast commercial potential and the same sly ability to reach out and hook the whole family.
0.4 Gags that feel tired, too many musical interludes, a story that doesn't really progress from the first film -- Shrek 2 feels a day late and an enchanted princess short.
1.0 It's even more clever than the first Shrek, with even more advanced animation, and a larger cast that is equal to the original winning trinity of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz.
1.0 This fractured, very showbizzy deconstruction of fairy tales is in many ways the Godfather: Part II of animations -- it tops its successful predecessor.
0.5 The animation is still startlingly good and that, as well as the occasional bursts of wit, keeps Shrek 2 afloat.
0.75 The sequel to the 2001 computer-animated hit is just as fast, funny and smart as fans were hoping it would be.
0.625 The thrill isn't quite gone, but almost.
0.875 One of the all-too-rare movie sequels that's better than the original.
0.875 It may not be great art, but it's funny stuff for all ages -- and that's a rare treat.
0.875 Shrek 2 proves that winning writing trumps scenery chewing any day.
0.625 A welcome return, even if it won't leave you entirely happy ever after.
1.0 For many people, especially adults, Shrek 2 will be judged the superior of the two pictures.
0.75 A frenetic and very enjoyable 93 minutes at the movies for child and parent alike.
0.875 Kids will enjoy this fast and funny comedy, but the parents will get more of the jokes.
0.875 Shrek would tell Kermit to shove it. Sure, it's easy being green.
0.6 Desperately pleading for our laughs, Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original's fun spirit with none of its heart.
0.6 Shrek 2 is by no means a bad film. Far from it. However, claims that it's better than the original are wildly overblown...
0.75 Not as funny as the first film, but the story is richer, more emotionally complex and better written.
0.75 A respectable effort and a solid example of family-friendly entertainment.
0.8 Shrek 2 will charm audiences much like the original.
0.95 Antonio Banderas and the Dreamworks animators have teamed up to create a great character, Puss-in-Boots. Cat 'people' will love this!
0.9 A sequel that is every bit as delightful as the original... You might not live happily ever after, but you certainly will live happily for 93 minutes.
1.0 Move over "Godfather 2", "Shrek 2" is the new king of sequels
0.75 With more of an epilogue than a sequel, Dreamworks manages to squeeze a few more drops of humor out of William Steig's beloved ogre.
1.0 Funnier than the original.
0.8 The first Shrek film was an instant classic, and while Shrek 2 may not be at that same level, it isn't far off.
0.875 The big green guy's still got it!
0.7 if not a necessary sequel, certainly a welcome one
0.9 Shrek 2 is smart and silly and exceedingly beautiful to look at; it has a romantic heart and a self-deprecating wink...plus it's just plain old funny!
1.0 Shrek 2 absolutely lives up to the original in every way. It's just as sweet, just as heartfelt, and just as hilarious.
0.75 In a movie filled with imaginative bits, [Puss In Boots] emerges as the cat's meow.
0.875 Shrek 2 is exactly what we want in our sequels; respect for its origins, growth in the characters and an honest attempt to replicate its laugh quotient.
0.9 The writers bombard Puss-in-Boots with cat jokes, and I just couldn't stop laughing every time he was on the screen.
0.75 Shrek 2 may not be as fresh and new as the original, but you still can't stop yourself from lovin' the big green ogre anyway.
0.875 The spirit that made the first film such a charmer survives intact.
0.875 Shrek 2 brims with perverse pleasures that show no respect for the rules of kiddie-cartoon form.
0.875 A sequel as exhilarating and riotously funny as 2001's top-grossing original.
0.75 Not quite as sparkling as the first, but it gets nuttier as it goes along.
0.875 So gorgeously animated and so thoroughly entertaining for all ages that only an ogre would complain it's not quite as fresh as the original.
0.75 This sequel is above average in terms of energy, cleverness and production values. But the original computer-animated blockbuster was so far off the scale that it's hardly fair to expect this one to measure up.
0.75 A solid if not groundbreaking yarn.
0.75 Shrek 2 is bright, lively and entertaining, but it's no Shrek.
1.0 As funny, sweet and engaging as the first film.
0.5 Predicated entirely on "Three's Company"-quality contrivances, requiring all the characters to behave like jackasses in order for the plot to advance.
0.875 This is joyous filmmaking, proof that not all fairy tales have to end.
1.0 I predict this raucously funny, deliciously irreverent comedy will outdraw, outperform and outlast the competition this summer. The ogre rules!
0.8 With delightful new characters, Shrek 2 is the compleat family comedy about being happy in one's own skin -- just what we need in a country obsessed with extreme makeovers.
0.875 ...the sequel has come close to rivaling the original and you will leave ready to see it all again. I don't imagine I'll be writing that compliment often this summer.
0.875 Lampoons a number of fairy-tale conventions but engages in the conflict and warmth of un-enchanted humanity.
0.75 Blazes across the screen with mature, rapid-fire wit; genuine warmth; and rainbow-colored visual beauty.
0.375 DreamWorks, the supposed anti-Disney, is producing product the unfortunate equal of their archenemy.
0.875 Another don't-miss gem from DreamWorks.
1.0 Shrek 2 is one of the great movies of all time.
0.875 The film is amusing from start to finish, but one pseudo-video-taped segment of "KNIGHTS" (a "COPS" spoof) rocks the theater. It's hands down (or handcuffed) hilarious.
0.6 Parfaits are in order for viewing this sequel that stumbles badly before hitting its stride halfway through its running time
0.25 Credit Shrek 2 for being the rare sequel that more or less equals its predecessor-the first film was garbage, and so is the second.
0.6 The sheer charisma of the performances - from a screwball Murphy and a caustic Fanning - manages to float a sentimental script that frequently fizzes where it should pop.
0.4 A lame, predictable comedy.
0.375 Fanning practically dares the audience to throw sharp objects at the screen with her thoroughly obnoxious performance.
0.25 horribly misguided
0.5 'El resultado es bastante mediocre, pues la cinta es bastante predecible y francamente aburrida'
0.5 ...an incredibly formulaic setup that would be more at home in a made-for-TV movie starring Patricia Heaton and that little girl from Seventh Heaven.
0.6 Whether you buy Uptown Girls or not will depend on whether you're willing to go along with its utterly contrived and formulaic plot.
0.375 It is a confusing experience-a film unsure of what it wants to be
0.4 If you're a fan of treacly, superficial stories about completely unlikable people forming friendships, or if you like pratfalls, then this is the movie for you.
0.5 While the movie hits on a bunch of emotional topics, the dialogue veers into the mawkish far more than necessary.
0.5 The ending is so forced that it betrays the movie's potential.
0.5 In truth, this isn't nearly as bad as it sounds. Fanning is really good and Murphy gives as good as she gets.
0.4 Can two over-pampered but fundamentally lonely persons of the blonde female persuasion bond meaningfully with each other while shopping?
0.375 Combine two mannered performances with a script intent on achieving maximum cuteness, and you've got one wince-inducing sugar rush.
0.5 Gives chick flicks a bad name.
0.2 A reworking of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? with Fanning in the Davis role and, say, Emily Osment in the Crawford one might be a smart bet for some forward-thinking producer.
0.375 Several decent movies are screaming to get out of "Uptown Girls."
0.5 You can feel the screenwriters run out of ideas early on.
0.5 Brittany Murphy is top billed, but nine-year-old Dakota Fanning almost makes the cloying, predictable film interesting.
0.3 This is one sad, dull film.
0.6 Cute little girl playing dress-up (and Dakota wasn't bad either) - this may not be classic cinema, but it fits nicely into the guilty pleasure category.
0.2 None of it is handled with any emotional believability or grace.
0.625 Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning make for a winning combination, and their characters' sometimes dark journeys do not always take the most obvious route to the inevitable happy ending.
0.61 You're going to forget this one as soon as you finish watching. And if you don't, it will probably be because you want to complain about how uninspired and unoriginal it is.
0.7 Entirely unoriginal and unbelievably predictable, but director Boaz Yakin knows how to create Kodak moments for the crowd that desires such fare.
0.25 The turn from frothy comedy to offputting pathos would be a jarring tone shift, if the movie had any consistent tone at the outset.
0.5 Unfortunately, the emotionally resonant moments between Murphy and Fanning are few and far between.
0.5 You can snicker and enjoy all at once.
0.375 Everything has a blurry, much-edited quality, and the story lines don't mesh.
0.5 There's more than a hint of desperation to Murphy's characterization.
0.25 It's excruciating, a film of forced humor and fake, grating sentimentality, featuring two lead performances that elicit neither affection nor empathy.
0.5 A saccharine and shamelessly manipulative piece of fluff.
0.4 If you own a statuette that declares, 'I wuv you THIS much,' you're the target audience for this sickeningly sweet girl-power pic.
0.4 Not an especially raucous comedy, but it is an unfunny, rhythmless one.
0.125 A creepy, depressing and leering 'comedy' that's a virtual collection of 'What were they thinking?' moments.
0.375 Like a linty old sour ball. It starts off a bit gritty and leaves a sickeningly sweet aftertaste.
0.25 About a young woman who goes to work for and eventually befriends the most obnoxious child ever to exist on this planet.
0.4 In the end, it's 'Moo' the pig, that comes off looking the best here.
0.5 When Uptown Girls isn't trying to play up its wacky high jinks ... it stoops to the kind of psychological character development films this shallow should really avoid like the plague.
0.375 This alleged comedy is so tedious that it feels twice its rather slight length.
0.5 Fanning's black rage caused by the very unfunny matters of parental neglect and the impending death of a loved one grates against the film's driving purpose as lightweight fare.
0.375 Director Boaz Yakin ... keeps shying from the darker material like a studio-trained racehorse, heading for the safer turf of slapstick and schmaltz.
0.375 Brittany Murphy...once again flashing come-hither lips, hair, legs and everything else when her dark eyes would do just fine.
0.625 Yakin and the great cinematographer Michael Ballhaus give the afternoon such a primal, heartbreaking sadness that you feel like you're watching Lillian Gish in a D.W. Griffith melodrama.
0.3 Haphazardly slapped together without an original bone in its anorexic frame.
0.625 So shiny and sweet, it's too bad director Boaz Yakin couldn't squeeze more originality into it.
0.75 Murphy's performance has a kind of ineffable mischievous innocence about it.
0.5 Takes an extremely obvious comic situation ... and misses the easy laughs by miles.
0.0 What Uptown Girls amounts to is two creeps yelling at each other for 90 minutes.
0.5 Uptown Girls is supposed to be funny and emotionally wrenching, and the film certainly is, but for all the wrong reasons.
0.4 For a comedy, it's surprisingly laugh-free and for an oh-so-message-laden tale of spoiled-gal redemption, it's irritatingly sincerity-free.
0.375 An embarrassingly silly exercise that mostly serves as a platform for Brittany Murphy to model a fab wardrobe and glam hairstyles.
0.25 The film is close to a disaster in its remarkably rigid formula.
0.625 Uptown Girls lacks the urban specificity that helped to make The World of Henry Orient such an uptown-girl classic, but it works up a sentimental tug that should moisten the eyes of many a moppet and mom.
0.4 [A] standard variation of the princess myth.
0.375 When Uptown Girls is released on DVD, its commentary tracks should consist of a single looped phrase: 'We're truly sorry.'
0.4 A consistently strained effort.
0.6 It'll take more than a spoonful of sugar to make this medicine go down.
0.75 A colorful, creative, deliciously frolicsome romp.
0.5 The screenplay is by the numbers.
0.4 [A] comedy with no laughs.
0.4 Contrived and amateurish.
0.625 Or maybe the film is so fun because we actually get to see Dakota Fanning slap the living **** out of Brittany Murphy at Coney Island.
0.5 (Brittany Murphy)is capable of so much more than becoming another Reese Witherspoon, wasting her talents for a fat paycheck.
0.375 The movie turns Fanning into a line-spewing automaton rather than a real human being.
0.375 Can two lonely hearts come together as one, rendering them Best Friends? I don't care, and neither should you.
0.0 Between this and I Am Sam, someone should call protective services on behalf of young Fanning.
0.0 the audience is left with nothing else to do but give a collective yawn of impatient indifference
0.25 I'm a fan of both Murphy and Fanning; but this film might be one they'll leave off their resumes.
0.5 mostly unfunny
0.625 ...benefits from the inclusion of several genuinely funny whacked-out bits of comedy...
0.4 Disappointing comedy that takes a single joke and attempts to stretch it over an entire movie, with predictably poor results.
0.2 Odd-couple comedy that tries much too hard and, in other ways, not hard enough.
0.6 Relentlessly bad taste.
0.2 Oh, brother! Firing blanks in every direction, this tedious vehicle for two hard-to-like comedians is stillborn from the off.
0.2 Direction is undistinguished, and the editing leaves far too much room for laughs that never arrive.
0.2 A series of musty gross-out gags ranging in sophistication from sperm bank hijinks to sloppy man-on-man kissing, Bob Odenkirk's cringemaker-with-a-heart is a ragged Xerox of Dumb And Dumber that seems incredibly creaky after the summer of Superbad.
0.2 The only amusement here comes from counting the imaginary tumbleweeds that so frequently roll across the screen.
0.2 Audiences will need an epidural to endure the excruciating pain of watching this geek-and-jerk combo stumble through three trimesters.
0.2 Imagines what might happen if Rod and Todd Flanders grew up and decided to have a surrogate child together.
0.375 Indeed the exercise in barely-organized stupidity that it appears to be.
0.3 It can't be a coincidence that the movie's initials are 'B.S.'
0.4 Three gags miss for every one that hits.
0.3 What feels like a three-hour descent into boredom is only a 90-minute test of might -- pitting you against unlikable characters, horribly written dialogue, and direction that's as painful as a root canal.
0.4 A syrupy fable about love and family? What happened?
0.4 The Brothers Solomon is still on the beach with its head in the sand.
0.4 The script focuses more on its over-egged punchlines than any genuine attempt to tell a story that might amuse us. And it feels like a one-gag sketch stretched beyond the breaking point.
0.6 ...oddly winning.
0.0 Wanna see a raunchy, hilarious adult comedy? Then by all means go to "Superbad," the not-so-surprise hit about being a teen-ager that's definitely for grownups.
0.4 In real life, if you met John (Arnett) and Dean Solomon (Will Forte), you'd probably walk away thinking they were either suffering from some mental disorder or serial killers in training.
0.125 A readily-forgettable romantic comedy which, unfortunately, entirely fails to be funny along the way
0.625 The film as a whole encounters some bumps in the road, but it is also better than most will be expecting.
0.5 It's a moderately funny premise in search of some real laughs.
0.375 If anyone is to blame for this bomb it's Forte: He wrote the thing, and one would assume he's the one responsible for those uncomfortable silences where jokes are supposed to be.
0.25 Neither Odenkirk's limp direction nor SNL alumnus Will Forte's script -- not nearly clever enough to get away with its questionable gags about matters sexual and racial -- provides much by way of actual plot or comedy.
0.625 Odenkirk keeps the absurdity both contained and free-flowing.
0.25 It's hard to hate a movie that tries so valiantly to resurrect the career of Lee Majors. But even that noble task ultimately fails.
0.0 A strong argument for birth control and 2007's worst comedy to date.
0.375 Better suited to 10 minutes of television than 90 minutes of cinema.
0.0 Excruciatingly acted and ineptly directed.
0.375 The upbeat brothers are full of sweetness and love, but the script is made of taffy, and if you can chew and laugh at the same time, you're welcome to it.
0.625 The Brothers Solomon isn't for all tastes, but if you like your comedy a little twisted, it's a satisfying, if imperfect, swig of silliness.
0.2 Frankly, this is one of those failures that is doubly disappointing when you consider the calibre of the failees.
0.25 The film is another example of how talented TV performers often lose their way in movies.
0.25 The trick to a comedy like this is to make an audience care about these goofballs, but we're just like everyone else the brothers come into contact with. We simply wish they would go away.
0.375 Early on you realize these dorks aren't going to get any funnier, and it's a sinking feeling. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, noooo!
0.3 It's bad enough that Odenkirk can't wring a single laugh out of cameos by funny folks like Jenna Fischer (TV's The Office) or Bill Hader (Superbad), but it's simply astonishing how he squanders Kristin Wiig.
0.5 This new goof might have been funnier still if the premise weren't so derivative, so just been there, done that.
0.4 This miscarriage of a movie feels more like a overly long SNL skit that never knows when to end.
0.4 Who knew 'Dumb And Dumber' would turn out to be one of the most influential films of all time?
0.0 They should make Charles Manson and The Son of Sam watch this movie every single day of their lives until they feel sorry for what they have done.
0.5 A decidedly mixed bag, one that never gets over its inherent fault but still makes a mediocre effort.
0.0 During the fallow opening minutes of The Brothers Solomon, I started keeping track of how much time would elapse before it made me laugh. Still waiting.
0.25 It isn't funny.
0.25 The not-funniest comedy of the year so far.
0.625 A little like Knocked Up, if Knocked Up were knocked up by Hot Rod and delivered by Dumb and Dumber.
0.5 These sibs make the dim bulbs of such Farrelly Brothers' comedies as Dumb and Dumber and Me Myself and Irene seem like Mensa Club members.
0.375 Chances are Hollywood won't be making Dumb and Dumbererest, so The Brothers Solomon will have to do.
0.45 Shows how far SNL has fallen in its attempt to create original comedy; other times, it makes the Farrelly Brothers seem tasteful.
0.25 With The Brothers Solomon, Will Arnett continues to squander the goodwill he engendered as Gob on Arrested Development.
0.77 Jim Sheridan's handsome but overwrought remake of the superior Danish film Brodre by Susanne Bier suffers the usual vulgarizations associated with transposing a foreign film to the American cineplex ...
0.7 Streep does an amazing job bringing television cooking legend Julia Child to life and making us smile every frame of the way.
0.6 Half-baked comedy barely whets the appetite.
1.0 You might dismiss this as a "chick flick", but I think anyone can enjoy it. You don't have to leave your "Manly-Man" card at the door.
0.8 Two true stories are merged into one delicious treat of a film in Julie & Julia.
0.75 Considering the movie acknowledges it's perfectly healthy for women to enjoy both eating and sex, it qualifies as something rare in Hollywood: a feminist work of popular art.
0.625 A misguided film of differing expectations saved only by its performances.
0.8 It's the 'yum' factor
0.6 The human cornucopia that is Streep is carrying the energy and feel-goodness of this movie. Adams is providing her natural comic timing and sweetness to make Powell as human as possible, and she succeeds more than I would have thought possible, though Ju
0.8 ...an easy-going, pleasant film...
0.6 Pretty light stuff, and the movie's only goal seems to be to convey that fluffiness, as both lives are milked for generally positive comic and romantic moments.
0.6 Poderia ser descrito como dois medias-metragens montados paralelamente num unico longa %u2013 e o fato e que, por mais adoravel que Adams seja, e a historia protagonizada por Meryl Streep que segura o projeto.
0.6 click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
0.6 What makes this film memorable and pleasurable, above all, is the ebullient performance of Meryl Streep as Julia Child, unlikely culinary trailblazer and TV star.
0.8 As food movies go -- and they've become a genre of their own -- this one may be a little too rich but it's full of delights.
0.8 Like a beautiful home cooked meal, Julie & Julia is not perfect by industry standards, just warm, comforting and very, very enjoyable.
0.8 Nora Ephron serves up a hearty silver-service banquet with a story that links the lives of two exceptional American women.
0.8 With great panache, it celebrates butter, bravery, and believing in oneself, all excellent things, brilliantly executed
0.4 A bland blend of two half-baked stories. Julie & Julia spends so long celebrating the art of cooking, it forgets to be dramatic, romantic or funny.
0.8 An adorable and entertaining film that is appealing to the appetite.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a very American kind of money-spinner. Crucially, though, it is never dumb.
0.8 Deliciously funny and warming fare, for which the amazing Meryl deserves her ridiculously overdue third Oscar.
0.6 A film that's charming, funny - especially when Streep is on screen, broadcasting her superb impression of the tall, charismatic, high-pitched Child - but leaves you with a dissatisfaction with modern life that no culinary masterpiece can relieve.
0.5 Meryl Streep at her most relaxed and enjoyable is a main course in herself. Pity we have to share her with a side order of Nora Ephron at her least appetizing.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a highly polished piece of upmarket entertainment, brimming with beautiful interiors. If you throw in the lavish helpings of food porn it's almost like a colour supplement come to life.
0.4 A dose of stodgy comfort food in the form of a complacent, mediocre film, with an exasperatingly flaccid and anti-climactic ending.
0.8 It's refreshing to see male performers being towered over by female leads. It's even more refreshing to watch a film that exults in the pleasures of uxoriousness.
0.4 Julie & Julia seems satisfied to fall short of its potential - whether as an insightful romantic comedy or an exploration of food lust - relying on Streep to carry the film with her witty turn as Child.
0.8 Think of it like a good souffle: deliciously sweet and airy without the cloying aftertaste. You'll want more.
0.8 Hollywood, famously, makes few movies aimed at older females because young men are much easier to satisfy. Julie & Julia is that rare film targeted at your mum, but we think you'll enjoy it too.
0.6 Ultimately, the film - a celebration of friendship and wise choices of spouse - belongs to Streep...and the lingering food porn shots...
0.4 The pace is so slow-braised that the year of cooking seems to pass in real time, and Adams' usual charm is hindered by a bad wig and constant blubbing.
0.8 Julie & Julia is a heartfelt, deliciously shot, and beautifully designed romp, studded with fine performances that are endearingly cheery, inspirational and funny. It's a must-see for anyone who loves to eat.
0.8 Julie & Julia is among the most heart-warming, feelgood films of the year, and so joyously obsessed with food that it might be described as a feed-good movie.
0.8 While both actresses deserve credit, it's Streep who dominates and deserves to be put in contention for her third Oscar. Deftly playing the dotty masterchef - complete with a brilliantly squawking laugh - it's an amusing but respectful imitation.
0.8 Julie & Julia is an unmissable treat for food lovers - just make sure you eat beforehand.
0.4 Like being force-fed a dish of candied pecans, smothered in honey, washed down with a bottle of Eiswein. By the end of it you're screaming for a tumbler of vinegar cut with lemon juice and a nice sprinkling of asafoetida.
0.4 The movie is not objectionable - it's very affectionate, and has a light comic tone - but it is insufferable. Tweeness and whimsy eclipse any spark of thoughtfulness. The resulting confection is two hours of drama-less self-congratulation.
0.8 A tasty little confection inspired by two true stories.
0.6 Worth seeing for the performances, but the endings of both stories are oddly unsatisfying and it never really comes together as a single film.
0.7 Ephron reunites with Streep for this slightly overlong and very girly drama based on two true stories, both of which are involving and well-played. The comedy is earthy and real, and the film looks good enough to eat.
0.4 The ham, madam? It's very much on, in this bland gastro-mantic comedy that needs much less sugar and a hell of a lot more bite.
0.6 Ultimately, two different stories in the one movie format works only to a point. Julia's story sizzles while Julie's merely simmers. It's still satisfying stuff, but I doubt you'll return for second helpings.
0.4 Julie & Julia serves up two true stories for the price of one, with results that are only half-way satisfying.
0.75 Like a souffle. Fluffy and delicious, and often this close to collapsing.
0.75 awash in culinary imagery, and it's enough to make you want to run out, purchase some Le Creuset cookware, and start deboning a duck
0.625 Any movie that follows parallel stories runs the danger that one will be superior to the other, but the disparity is especially wide in Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia.
0.625 There's a scene in the movie when Julie is watching SNL and Dan Aykroyd is doing his famous Julia Childs impersonation and it's not that much different than Streep's version. Too cartoony. But Adams is fantastic!
0.875 It's a movie to savor.
0.6 The Amy Adams half is shallow enough, and too inclined towards writer-director Nora Ephron's worst habits, that it manages to wreck what would otherwise be a good enough bit of fun.
0.625 As Child would have told you, a souffle isn't a filling meal.
0.75 One can't help but wonder if Ephron would've been better off focusing exclusively on Child: She's simply more interesting screen company. But Ephron's commercial touch serves her well here.
0.5 Julia Child's letters home are vivacious, illustrating her generosity and wit, her resolve and sense of humor.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a scrumptious delight... a vivacious pleasure. In the word of both Julie and Julia: Yum.
0.625 As a writer herself and a woman in an even more cutthroat business, you would think that Ephron might shed off her usual goody-goody fantasies and stick one to Powell. Heh, ridicule in a Nora Ephron film? Even Julia Child would raspberry that one.
0.5 Even Streep inevitably falls victim to Ephron's one-note modus operandi...
0.75 ... savor the genius of Streep whipping her high-pitched Julia accent into a froth as she chops a mountain of onions into submission.
0.75 A tasty dual biography.
0.8 This may not be a great movie, but it's a sweet, funny, enjoyable work with characters it's possible to care about and fine performances straight across the board.
0.6 Meryl is magnificent and the humor is good, but the movie overall is fairly ordinary
0.8 This is yet another movie that will leave Meryl Streep's legion of fans convinced she can do anything (except sing, as Mamma Mia proved).
0.625 Perhaps the most disappointing thing about Julie & Julia is the lack of dramatic closure.
0.8 Less Julie and more Julia, and you'd have the perfect recipe...
0.75 The main reason the Child half of Julie & Julia soars is that Streep so fully inhabits the woman.
1.0 A refreshingly-charming take on an enduring cultural icon and a lady now likely to go down in history as her #1 fan.
0.6 Schizophrenic as it is, Julie & Julia is very fortunate to have Meryl Streep holding up both hers and everyone else's souffle to keep the proceedings passably entertaining.
0.8 Ephron's cuisine is clearly undercooked. Amy Adams Powell serves the main dish. It misses key ingredients causing you to long for more of Meryl Streep's scrumptious dessert.
0.75 Don't go see Julie & Julia, a delightful culinary treat, on an empty stomach %u2013 unless, of course, you are a masochist.
0.625 Julie & Julia features two dramatically inert story lines and two firecracker actresses.
0.6 Meryl Streep is Julia Child -- in a movie that needs more of her.
0.9 An epicurean delight!
0.8 Streep's a walking, talking, rising souffle who refuses to fall. A vibrating baguette. An impassioned risotto. (Do the French eat risotto?) Streep clearly energizes every scene she's in--and in those she sadly isn't.
0.75 In a movie about as diametrically opposed to what you normally expect from Streep (this is no Sophie's Choice), she seems to be relishing every chance to be silly, goofy, and funny.
0.75 Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are great fun to watch, and Streep could well earn yet another Oscar nomination.
0.4 People like my mother are going to eat this movie up... I, however, was bored. Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
0.75 It's a delicious concoction of two delectable stories, but the surprise is that Amy Adams sweetly understated performance goes down much easier than Meryl Streep's showy shtick, which too often becomes almost indigestibly larger than life.
0.625 Meryl Streep is simply stupendous in the lead role and the main reason to see the movie. Her classy impersonation is worthy of year-end awards recognition.
0.75 Child was a large personality, and Meryl Streep is a great actress -- the combination does rather overshadow young Amy Adams in the role of Powell, the earnest disciple.
0.625 Perfectly pleasant but slight.
0.75 Meryl Streep is yeast that makes this light comedy rise.
0.8 Streep and Tucci give us a mature sizzle, sexy and endearing. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or champagne and strawberries -- they're fabulous alone, but together -- wow, the combination's irresistible.
0.75 Meryl Streep makes such a tasty and larger-than-life Julia in a nostalgically evoked late-'40s Paris that it's worth stomaching the pancake-flat sequences with her supposed early 21st-century counterpart, Julie Powell.
0.7 Well, what do you know? It turns out there was an accent Meryl Streep hadn't yet tackled -- and, as anyone might guess, she handles it with remarkable finesse.
0.875 The Julia-Paul relationship is one of the most blissful seen in years, and Streep and Tucci dance through their interpretations with the grace and chemistry of an Astaire-Rogers routine.
0.7 Streep as Child is a magnet who draws everybody to her in every minute of screen time.
0.8 A consummate entertainment that echoes the rhythms and attitudes of classic Hollywood, it's a satisfying throwback to those old-fashioned movie fantasies where impossible dreams do come true.
0.75 It's Julia who truly delights, and who we want seconds of. Like the food she dishes up, she's warm and spicy, hearty and satisfying.
0.625 Streep makes you want to have whatever she's having. The rest of the movie makes you wonder what else is on, until you remember you're not really watching the Lifetime channel.
0.875 This is one lip-smacking, celestially aromatic, drop-dead delicious movie.
0.75 Few movies are as delightful as Julie & Julia.
0.875 Meryl Streep is so utterly delightful as Julia Child it made me think the best definition of a movie star is that when she's off-screen for even a moment, you want her to get back up there fast.
0.75 The film is not just a showcase for Streep's considerable talents, it's also another demonstration of the career growth of Amy Adams.
0.875 What an expression of the joy of cooks and cooking Julie & Julia turns out to be.
0.75 Child was often imitated but Streep lets us see her jubilant soul.
0.7 From Child's warbling, New England-by-way-of-Paris voice to her towering yet curiously lighthearted physical presence, Streep gets everything technically right about the woman.
0.6 Tempting Meryl Streep dramedy satisfies but doesn't wow.
1.0 Yum! One of the Best Films of 09 with its celebration of culinary creativity and the spiritual practice of enthusiasm as the energy which animates the efforts of two women to give their best to the world.
0.75 It's a light and entertaining treat, with winning performances, sharp writing and some happy surprises.
0.5 Loved the first course, hated the second.
0.75 Elevating the mediocre simply by one's presence is probably the definition of star power, and Streep makes good material better and marginal material worth watching.
0.75 Together the film's parallel stories do make slightly more than the sum of their ingredients, cooking up undemanding summer fun.
0.75 Ephron, like her heroines, has finally found what suits her: a surprising comic and romantic realism.
0.875 A feast of winning characters, sumptuous food, loving marriages, and strong women who stumble, laugh, cry, write and, of course, cook their way into our hearts.
0.5 Julie & Julia is a romantic comedy, too, but this time the romance is between two women, and one of them, truth be told, is a dud.
0.7 A lighthearted comedy that's very easy to like, with some charming performances.
0.875 This old-fashioned star vehicle of the highest order lacks conventional drama and conflict -- and is none the worse for those absences.
0.5 Julie's setbacks are dealt out like the hand in a game we don't want to play anymore. We want to drop the cards and stay over at Julia's winning table.
0.6 Meryl Streep and Amy Adams cook up a treat in Julie & Julia.
0.8 Aesthetically, the film is phenomenal. Streep and Adams deliver fantastic performances and the parallels between the characters were fascinating.
0.625 Cooking shows haven't just jumped the shark, they've pan-seared its still-beating heart and served it as a $40 mini burger with a side of couscous at a SOHO fusion joint. This backlash helps Julie & Julia, half of it, anyways
0.6 It's not enough to sustain a film that runs over two hours, but it does at least make it pleasant to sit through much of the time.
0.8 While the Julia Child material and Streep's performance are entertaining enough to warrant a recommendation, the other stuff is so dreadfully dull that you wonder why it even exists at all
0.75 With a whopping fifteen Academy Award nominations on her resume', and an almost guaranteed number sixteen thanks to her performance here, she (Streep) continues to amaze.
0.625 The alternating storylines are slight and conflict is severely lacking, but Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are extraordinary, lifting so-so material into an enjoyable, easy-breezy, late-summer trifle.
0.625 Julie & Julia does have some euphoric moments centered around food and cooking, and both Adams and Streep are very much worth watching.
0.6 Too long, too bland and never really pays off in the way one might hope with such a strong premise and cast.
0.6 Julie & Julia proceeds with such ease and charm that its audacity is easy to miss.
0.75 Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia is one-half delightful and one-half disappointing; luckily, the delightful part stays with you while the rest fades away.
0.75 The ideal recipe has a special ingredient that can lift a dish from meh to memorable. Meryl Streep -- at her brilliant, beguiling best -- is the spice that does the trick for the yummy Julie & Julia.
0.4 Streep's Julia reminded me more of Akroyd's Julia than Julia's Julia.
0.75 This is blissful moviemaking. Much of the pleasure we have in watching it comes from seeing Tucci and, obviously, Streep connect. But it's also the effortlessness Ephron reveals in bringing it all together.
0.75 A lightweight but enjoyable gustatory romp.
0.875 Like Nora Ephron's captivating film, Streep's performance is haute cuisine disguised as comfort food, a complex preparation yielding effects both broadly entertaining and subtly moving.
0.6 Glossy and graceful, Julie & Julia is less about a full belly than it is about a full life, less about assembling dishes and more assembling one's self
0.6 Getting something half right would never have been good enough for [Julia] Child, and the movie goes all sorts of wrong with Julie.
0.6 an enjoyable experience -- just not as filling as it could have been.
0.75 Julie & Julia was directed by Nora Ephron with a light touch that will satisfy an eager audience of female foodies.
0.2 I suppose it's telling that the only time in Julie & Julia that I heartily chuckled was during an archived clip of Dan Aykroyd impersonating Child on Saturday Night Live. Now there was entertainment with some life to it.
0.65 The film features a typical bio on the one side -- the making of the legend that is Julia Child -- and a coming-of-age rom-com on the other, with the good but underused Amy Adams pouting her way through New York City and a cookbook; the only shared ingred
0.625 Julie & Julia is not lacking in entertainment value, especially with the Streep performance. But if the men had been portrayed as more high-spirited, it might have taken on intriguing dimensions.
0.625 For all its merits, Julie & Julia is felled by a near total lack of compelling drama.
0.8 The comedy about a would-be writer's attempt to cook her way through Child's culture-changing cookbook sees Nora Ephron return to her Sleepless in Seattle form.
0.8 Although the calories ultimately are empty, they sure are enjoyable.
0.625 There's almost no conflict in either of the stories presented in Julie & Julia, and though this is preferable to contrived conflict, it still leaves us with a rather overlong, lovey-dovey picture.
0.6 Like a fallen souffle, this movie delivers flavor but not the dizzying deliciousness it promises.
0.625 The movie is sweet, amusing and, unlike one of Child's decadent platters of beef bourguignon, mostly weightless; if not for Streep's expert portrayal, which is boundlessly energetic and respectful, it might float off the screen.
0.8 In the end, Julie & Julia doesn't stack up as much more than a pleasant summertime diversion, but it's hands down the best such trifle that Ephron has ever concocted.
0.75 Love and food, the basics of life, two passions common to nearly everyone on the planet, the film offers them up like hors d'oeuvres never ceasing to circle the room. It's gentle, tender, warm, and sprinkled generously with tasty bits of humor.
0.7 The single best reason to see the film is Streep and Tucci together, turning their Devil Wears Prada rivalry into a funny, deeply romantic marriage, full of quips and sex and lots of amazing food.
0.2 This sequel to "The Parent Trap" is simply awful in every sense of the word.
0.6 Smart and engaging, but too many meandering breeze-shooting sequences.
0.333333333333 It's never enough to establish any sensitivity or social pertinence beyond the trifling tiffs which are playing out on screen.
0.5 Less dazed and confused than mumbling and mundane, this drama focuses on social awkwardness and twentysomething blues. Skipping aimlessly from scene to scene it offers little observations and rewards low expectations.
0.4 There's only so much twentysomething navel-gazing one can listen to before wanting to slap some sense - and some fully formed sentences - into them all.
0.4 There is something teeth-grindingly cutesy about the whole thing, reaching epic levels of dippiness in the, ahem, nude trumpet-playing scenes. That makes it sound interesting, come to think of it, and perhaps it is.
0.4 For every revelatory moment of sharp perception there's an eternity of goofy smiles, stuttered dialogue and embarrassed glances.
0.4 The film meanders along in conversational style, encouraging improvisational realism but also the thought that maybe these middle-class characters, not quite slackers, are less interesting than they, or the director, think they are.
0.6 Watchable independent drama from the mumblecore crowd, though it's not quite sharp enough, funny enough or insightful enough to really get off the ground and the characters are occasionally irritating.
0.625 Joe Swanberg's film wears out its welcome about halfway through its 83 minutes.
0.7 Swanberg can be playful behind the camera -- he has a taste for Godardian jump cuts -- and his sense of color is crisp. Gerwig, his millennial Jean Seberg, is no pixie; her captivating ordinariness helps hold the movie together.
0.75 [Director] Swanberg nails the inane fun of youth.
0.5 No one involved seems to have any thoughts about why people are selfish and cruel to each other, but they're more than willing to complain about it.
0.75 Chop off a star if you're not up for highly experimental cinema.
0.625 When it works, it works like a charm.
0.6 Perfectly encapsulates the slow-motion, frustrated feeling of early adulthood, when longing and inchoate desire easily outnumber actual transformative events and achievements.
0.5 Looks like it should be on an Off Off Off Broadway play in the Village...
0.75 Hannah is charmingly self-absorbed without the extenuating circumstance of self-knowledge. Above all, she's young. The movie forgives her for that and, with occasional misgivings, so do we.
0.375 Note to anyone who stumbles into this snoozefest: forget about taking the stairs-head straight for the nearest exit.
0.5 The fumbling banalities spouted by the characters belie the prior achievements of the actors making them up.
0.666666666667 [Actor] Gerwig [turns] her terminally anxious character into a poster girl for an entire subset of young women on the verge. Every generation gets the Darling they deserve. We now have ours.
0.375 The loose, rambling conversations that substitute for action might be more interesting if any of the characters were capable of real introspection.
0.75 How can a movie with such a charming cast and believable dialogue (seemingly taken from the actors' real lives) go wrong? It can't.
0.7 Hannah Takes the Stairs is notable for what the movie represents: an evolutionary entry in the Do It Yourself (or D.I.Y.) independent film movement.
0.4 This do-it-your effort, shot in HD, would be nothing without hazel-eyed Greta Gerwig as Hannah, Meg Ryan-cute with a tousled Jean Seberg hairdo.
0.4 Gerwig's talents might be better displayed in some form of scripted or structured film rather than this erratic warts 'n' all waste of time.
0.5 At what cost, naturalism?
0.6 The unexpected appeal of this seeming non-story is cumulative; what begins as a maddening portrait of a microcosm of liberal, well-educated white kids (with the occasional ethnic friend) steadily grows on you.
0.53 The result is a mesh of creative sensibilities that never quite congeals.
0.7 A low-key and enjoyable film with a cast consisting mostly of other indie filmmakers and writers.
0.8 Each film [director Swanberg] does is a little more of an evolution in style and form and Hannah Takes the Stairs is like watching a natural progression of talent.
0.6 A simplistic affair with no delusions of anything beyond B-movie fun.
0.625 one-half a very bad movie and one-half a very good movie
1.0 Sure, [Back to the Future II] has a clunky first act - which takes place in a hilariously overblown futuristic society - but the film knows just how, and when, to entertain us, and it does so in spades.
0.6 Lackluster yet benign time-travel sequel.
0.8 Taken as a pair, the first two films ask a number of unresolved and unresolvable questions about causality, order, and intention; and taken as a pair, they're also a hell of a lot of fun.
0.625 The one thing the film got right was the crushed effect the media's growing omnipresence has had on human existence.
0.7 See website for more details.
0.6 Solidly entertaining.
0.5 An ambitious film that fails to recreate the warmth or excitment of the first Back To The Future.
0.6 There are definitely aspects of laziness to the script--jokes which haven't been fully considered, simpleminded characterizations, subplots which have no life outside of the narrative--but at the same time the movie has a spirit of exploration and daring,
0.625 The film works best through its magnificent technical achievements (the visual effects received an Oscar nomination) and the inherent charm of Fox, Lloyd and, especially, the delightfully menacing Thomas F. Wilson.
0.8 The relatively quaint and simple time travel arc from BTTF gets far more confusing and, in some ways, more fulfilling.
0.4 A weak, convoluted attempt to cash in on the original's charms.
0.8 It manages to be giddily and merrily mind-boggling rather than confusing.
0.6 Unfortunately, the story is not as novel or as funny the second time around.
0.8 Uneven but still enjoyable, delivers a darker scenario than the ending of the first film would imply.
0.4 More frantic, noisy, and overproduced than funny
0.9 Doesn't surpass the original, but tosses a whole lot of gee-whiz gizmos and concepts at the screen. It's a whole lot of fun.
1.0 'De Volta Para o Futuro 2' e uma continuacao a altura do original e merece ser visto - antes que o velho Biff altere tudo novamente.
0.625 The film ultimately relies on too many cheesy make-up routines in which characters play their older (and female!) selves which makes it not exactly the best movie in this series.
0.8 The idea and the execution is so good that you could applaud.
0.75 The movie is fun, mostly because it's so screwy.
0.8 Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
0.75 avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
0.9 Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
0.6 Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
0.375 It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
0.8 A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
0.8 A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
0.75 Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
0.7 Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us quite as much as the original.
1.0 Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
0.5 Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
0.8 The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never got old.
0.6 The new film not only spoofs westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
0.6 Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy. Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
0.8 The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark. The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
1.0 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
0.75 It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
0.625 Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
0.8 Not as tremendous as the first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
0.8 Violent, coarse, perverted, and sickly hilarious, this is highly recommend for those who like their entertainment on the nasty, demented tip.
0.7 An intriguing (and sometimes off-putting) cinematic creation featuring Matthew McConaughey in one of his best performances.
0.9 Killer Joe is America at its worst but Friedkin and McConaghey at very close to their best.
0.6 It's like a cheap, nasty dessert: completely devoid of nutrition, probably very bad for you, but kind of delicious while it briefly lasts.
0.8 Only the faint-hearted or KFC kitchen staff should give it a miss.
0.8 Stage-to-screen adaptations are rarely this primal, and it's been a long time since a William Friedkin film has felt so vital.
0.875 The humor magnifies the horror, and vice versa. Like the inflammatory Dr. Strangelove, we've sewn these seeds, and we deserve whatever is reaped from them.
0.7 Killer Joe will leave many people in shock, confusion, and in need of a thorough shower by the time it's done.
0.625 The scene with the fried chicken drumstick might cause Colonel Sanders to repurpose one of his famous buckets as a barf bag.
1.0 Killer Joe is a white-hot fever dream of a film. A toxic swill of sex and violence, Joe is mordantly funny, tantalizing and, ultimately, shocking.
0.625 Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal, ugly story.
0.95 Killer Joe will both infuriate and impress, but when it impresses there is nothing quite like it. It plays on the senses and lingers in the mind, McConaughey is brilliant and Friedkin finds himself in his best form in years
0.875 Resembling yard sculptures in a trailer park, where trash becomes art, "Killer Joe" is a Picasso signed with a branding iron.
0.8 Sick and twisted in the most interesting ways.
0.7 Aside from Letts scathing one-liners the best reason to see the film is McConaughey. His Killer Joe is a quite brilliant variation on cool villainy.
0.875 It unfolds like a prank. After freewheeling dangerously and thrillingly for 90 minutes, it skips the relief and goes straight to the punishment. After that: The final, puzzling twist suggests that it may not have been a joke at all.
0.9 May well do for the fried chicken leg what Friedkin's The Exorcist did for split-pea soup back in 1973.
0.5 If it weren't for Matthew McConaughey's tightly coiled performance, the nasty white-trash drama "Killer Joe" wouldn't be worth the powder it would take to blow it to hell.
0.5 ...a clever story ruined by a fight so poorly done it's laughable, and an unbelievably silly but graphic simulated sex scene in the finale.
0.9 'Killer Joe' is a deep-fried, jalapeno-flavored noir that tests audience endurance. It dares viewers not to look at the depravity onscreen while gently nudging viewers to revel in it.
0.1 Jerry Springer re-do
0.8 A dark twisted comedy that has strong performances making it one of the most memorable films of this year.
0.8 An unflinchingly ugly -- but downright mesmerizing -- tale that plumbs the depths of human immorality.
0.625 Watching "Killer Joe" to the bitter end is like playing the Pick 6 lottery and getting three of the numbers right. You don't win anything, but you still think you're smarter than all those other idiots.
0.875 You will either love "Killer Joe" or run away screaming. I absorbed this NC-17 nail bomb with awestruck admiration.
0.8 [Friedkin] has retained his touch ... all these years later. And in Matthew McConaughey, he has the perfect vehicle for madness.
0.75 The film is drowning in so much depraved gunk that subtleties are lost. The payoff is dandy anyway ...
0.5 You end up feeling sorry for all the actors forced to humiliate themselves, except for McConaughey, whose portrayal of sadistic, manipulative evil is mesmerizing.
1.0 It's hard not to watch this explosive power punch of a movie and not love absolutely every frame.
0.7 A little slice of Southern Gothic is just what the back room doctor ordered in this summer of explodey superhero movies.
0.55 Killer Joe may be a great film, but it's not a particularly good one.
0.8 A movie that doesn't know what "failure of nerve" means.
0.3 Vile, evil and brutal, it's a bloody mess that's only saved by Matthew McConaughey's impressively repellent acting.
1.0 "Killer Joe" is downright hysterical, clever, expertly written, and incredibly unnerving. This is easily a career best performance for Matthew McConaughey.
0.65 This is a movie that literally wallows in its base and crude story making you itch and run for the shower after exiting the theater.
0.75 Friedkin creates a twisted work of trailer-park noir that both surprises and horrifies, and gives us one more reason to call 2012 the year of McConaughey.
0.625 The movie frequently clicks as a sendup of over-the-top film-noir storytelling.
0.625 If y'all like your comedy with a Lone Star drawl and as black as Texas tea, then by all means tuck right into Killer Joe.
0.75 Killer Joe, which is peppered with a number of palpably striking sequences, builds to an absolutely enthralling (and purposefully over-the-top) climax that's almost jaw-dropping in its audacity...
1.0 In the immortal words of Wayne's World: "You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll hurl."
0.8 Mostly makes you want to go home and have a shower.
0.7 Really entertaining, and dark and twisted.
0.75 Killer Joe is twisted pulp, and the actors chew on it bravely, boldly, and with varying degrees of success.
0.75 It's as mean as a snake.
0.875 Friedkin directs; his taste for sadism has never been personified better than in McConaughey's unassuming-but-dangerous drawl.
0.75 Friedkin's pretty shrewd himself, in how he teases out the humor without indulging Letts' immature glibness, and how he sidesteps Bible Belt baptism to waterboard us in the sewer of selfish human nature.
0.75 A gleeful and unapologetic descent into delicious decadence, Killer Joe is proud of what it is and never tries to be something it isn't.
0.79 Friedkin plays a trick that might be mean if it wasn't so fascinating to see him pull off, blending laugh-out-loud humor with absolutely repulsive images, forcing disoriented and unsettled audiences to wind up laughing when they should be disturbed.
1.0 A family (dis)member(ed) ... with a wink from an eye more bloodshot than smirking.
0.8 It's the sort of funny that encompasses both definitions of the word and that is watched, as often as not, with clenched teeth and the temptation to cover ones eyes fighting with the much stronger temptation to see what happens next.
0.7 At 76, Friedkin still holds our gaze with striking, often ghastly visual images, and despite the fact that McConaughey's entire wardrobe appears to have been rented from Villains "R" Us, Killer Joe lands blow after blow to the psyche.
0.375 The action and dialogue find the same squalid level in time for the climactic scene, the cruel humiliation of a central character.
0.625 [T]here is no way to say it without employing a pun -- it leaves a truly bad taste.
0.6 Out of the muck and mire of human depravity that is "Killer Joe," something magnificent comes: a killer performance by Matthew McConaughey.
0.75 It is a tale of white trash immorality on a grand scale, of people who are ridiculous and yet dangerous, laughable but cunning, and really stupid ... yet sneaky.
0.5 The bone-crunchingly violent film has luridly entertaining moments. But by its resolution, this sleazy Southern Gothic nightmare has simply gone off the rails.
0.8 With what is arguably Matthew McConaughey's best performance to date, Killer Joe is easily one of the most memorable films of the year. You won't soon forget it. Even if you want to.
0.5 More interested in the sins of the guilty than their effect on the innocent.
0.75 "Killer Joe" is one hell of a movie. It left me speechless. I can't say I loved it. I can't say I hated it.
0.75 ...wears its sleaze like a ratty stole dug out from a bin at the 'thrifty.'
0.625 Killer Joe, packed with miserable stereotypes doing miserable things with no sense of a higher purpose, plays like a dramatized version of The Jerry Springer Show.
0.75 Like a deep-fried Twinkie at the State Fair of Texas, ''Killer Joe'' is gooey, flavorful and bad for you. Dig in.
0.45 An ugly, ugly film that leaves you feeling dirty inside, especially if you find yourself being entertained and amused by its characters and what they do to each other.
0.0 The trials and tribulations of a Texas family that nobody would want to spend any time with.
0.375 There are no characters here, and no drama. It's just a county fair sideshow attraction - 100 minutes of Shoot the Geek.
0.125 A sleazy and pointless film about sleazy and pointless people, "Killer Joe" reminds us that what Quentin Tarantino does isn't easy.
0.65 To its own detriment, William Friedkin's splattery, southern gothic return to the screen seeks to amuse as well as shake and stir.
0.75 As a sadistic dallas cop who moonlights as a hit man, Matthew McConaughey is on fire in Killer Joe, fierce and ferociously funny.
0.9 One of the three best performances of McConaughey's career.
0.5 Lurches from realism to corn-pone absurdism and exploitation-cinema surrealism.
0.2 "Killer Joe" offers us a sneering image of trailer-park Texas, in which everyone is stupid and amoral and trashier than their cluttered front yards.
0.8 No one will ever accuse William Friedkin of mellowing with age
0.5 It sends you home reeling, but wondering what the point of it was, and why so many worthwhile people bothered to do it in the first place.
1.0 Gazing into the abyss has rarely felt so good.
1.0 Loud...lurid...and the best film of the summer
0.75 It thrills in seeing dumb people getting their due in hyper-stylized displays of violence, and yet it never feels contemptuous of them.
0.8 A little more time and a little more money might have turned Killer Joe into something truly great, or it might have ruined it, overwhelming the delicate chemistry with surface glitter. We'll never know.
0.6 A twisted, well acted and quite compelling comedy of errors, until a brutal, over-extended finale leaves a very sour taste.
0.8 A gruesome, greasy bucket-load of uninhibited tastelessness. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
0.9 Matthew McConaughey steals the show with a ferocious, transformative performance worthy of awards attention, and Friedkin restores his stature as an architect of taut, muscular cinema.
0.8 If you've always longed to see a version of Double Indemnity played out by in-bred, under-educated psychopaths, then your time has finally come.
0.4 Friedkin remains an expert technician to this day, but it's difficult to understand his enthusiasm for this seemingly juvenile exercise in trailer-trash excess.
0.8 We get an effective combination of raw, in-your-face direction - Friedkin has a "two takes only" rule - and a finely honed script.
0.8 It's a joy to see rom-com star McConaughey slip into the role of an amoral sociopath with such ease.
0.2 The different characters' motivations are sucked into a vacuum which is only punctuated by moments of extreme and quite abhorrent violence.
0.4 Becomes unintentionally funny by the grotesque closing stretch.
0.8 A deliriously sleazy black comedy thriller that is resolutely adult in tone and content but overflows with wonderful performances, fast-paced thrills and memorable dialogue.
0.6 A kind of scuzzball Double Indemnity.
0.6 A gruesome, brutally violent and queasy trailer-park nightmare from deep in the heart of Texas.
0.6 Lovely to see Friedkin on such mischievous form and McConaughey finally revealing his dark side.
0.8 Killer Joe is emphatically not to everyone's taste, but it is among the purest cinematic experiences you'll have this year. It will also ensure that you never, ever look at fried chicken in quite the same way again.
0.6 A seemingly hopeless spiral of existence ... there is some depraved glee that this filmmaker takes in toying with his hapless cast, and his latest film is no exception nor for the faint-hearted.
0.6 Thanks to McConaughey's oily power and Friedkin's unflinching purpose it's a compelling beast.
0.6 Like Friedkin's last film, Bug, this is adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, and takes place in a similarly cramped and mouldering dwelling.
0.6 Friedkin's direction is rough and ready, but Letts's tangy writing is the star here.
0.7 This film's unhinged plot constantly catches us off guard with its bizarre twists and turns, all of which are grounded on the hapless characters.
0.8 Enjoyably pulpy Southern-fried thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from a superb cast, though it occasionally struggles to escape its stage-bound origins.
0.8 The dirtiest black comedy you'll see for a long time.
0.8 Twisted, tense and trashy, it's glorious fun.
0.7 For every moment of grotesque violence there are several beautifully directed, well written and fearlessly acted moments that counter. Killer Joe is a trashy and at times shocking Texan tale to be sure, but one that's worth watching.
0.9 It feels weird to say, 'I liked it,' but I know deep down, in places that feel uncomfortable, I loved it.
0.875 McConaughey's performance as the Mephistophelean title character is one for the ages.
0.7 Essentially a filmed play, but McConaughey's performance is too good to ignore.
0.8 William Freidkin's film is full-frontal in every sense, an unabashed pulp romp stuffed with ugly acts and primal screams.
0.8 With Killer Joe, a black comedy thriller adapted from a play by Tracy Letts, Friedkin seems to have recaptured some of that youthful energy.
0.75 A wacky, high-energy satire of the music business.
0.6 Silly fun.
0.625 Tapeheads plays with the same kind of off-kilter energy that Repo Man has, but lacks the complete abandon of the former.
0.6 The amiable screenplay by Mr. Fishman and Peter McCarthy is often funny, and never worse than silly.
0.375 All of these elements have been lifted off the shelf of exhausted cliches, given a quick dusting, and plugged directly into the movie.
0.75 If you've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks, chances are you'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers.
0.8 Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and, once all the blood has been spilt, offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain.
0.875 ... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre.
0.7 I doubt that anyone who isn't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it.
0.5 By the time the action-packed, thoroughly tedious climax rolls around, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions...
0.49 This goofy, over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity.
0.75 Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other, but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace, on both sides, are hot coeds.
0.75 Film fans who believe there's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks (a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person) will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here.
0.8 Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat. There's nothing flat about this clever genre flick. For the right audience, it's pretty great.
0.625 The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior.
0.75 Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully "Tucker and Dale" works its way through upended cliches.
0.75 One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream.
0.8 a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the cliches of its genre with a buoyant impudence. And blood. A whole lot of blood.
0.87 Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ...
0.7 While it's not quite a home run, there's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. It's got its heart in the right place, and hey, it's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario!
0.8 From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going, the smiling starts
0.7 This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes.
0.83 It's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor, heart and guts.
0.8 The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it, allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace.
0.75 There's even a message under all the body parts: People are individuals, not just easy regional stereotypes.
0.25 Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence.
0.875 We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other.
0.625 It's not as clever as, say, "Shaun of the Dead," but it's good for some laughs.
0.78 Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect.
0.75 It thrives on Tucker and Dale's winning personalities, and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine, veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here.
0.8 A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along.
0.75 Relying mostly on a single gimmick, the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors. Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous.
0.75 It's fast, it's funny, and it works.
0.5 Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions.
0.7 A farce of misunderstanding first, body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance.
0.6 a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy
0.75 Hillbillies of the world unite!
0.6 If you're seeing this as the midnight movie it's destined to best be experienced as, you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark...
0.75 Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is a Canadian-made horror spoof that delivers both comedy and gross-out thrills.
0.8 While its subversion of the well-worn "hillbilly horror" genre may be a one-note gag, that note is played pretty durn well. A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.
0.7 It's a sometimes-hilarious send-up of slasher movies that buries a surprising amount of sweetness under buckets of gore.
0.5 An allegory of our times, with a belabored message of tolerance punctuated by impalings and other grisly deaths.
0.2 It's neither particularly funny in its desperate rural dumbness, nor is it much of a genre piss-take.
0.7 ... deft/daft mix of authentic feeling and sharp parody, belly laughs and visceral dread, makes Tucker & Dale vs. Evil a keeper...
0.375 "Evil" fails to triumph. Utterly.
0.625 This subversion of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Wrong Turn tropes is reasonably clever and delivered with requisite tongue in cheek.
0.6 A neat reversal of the kids-in-the-wood genre that's genuinely funny - and quite bloody as it turns out.
0.625 Make no mistake, "Tucker & Dale vs. Evil" is a total lark, yet it's also very clever. Real thought and ingenuity were brought to its making, and it shows.
0.8 As with most single-joke movies the plot runs out of steam, but it's still a fun and memorable ride.
0.8 Topsy-turvy hoot delivering a grim and confident fiasco full of clever contradictions and a couple of likeable champions of the hour in Tucker and Dale
0.6 It's a good joke, but one that inevitably flags over 90 minutes.
0.8 Smartly directed, brilliantly written and featuring a pair of terrific comic performances from its two leads, this is a thoroughly enjoyable comedy-horror that's laugh-out-loud funny from start to finish.
0.6 Tucker & Dale vs Evil feels as if it knows exactly what it wants to be - a throwaway Friday night horror film with enough laughs to balance the gore.
0.8 An instant cult smash, get Tucker & Dale facing against the Wolfman, Bubba Hotep or Alien (or Predator) immediately.
0.8 Genuinely funny. A life lesson in never prejudging a man just because he's skinning a squirrel.
0.6 Genre staples and stereotypes are slain only for convention to wreak revenge; but it'd sure be sweet to follow the loveable lugs on another misadventure.
0.5 Despite its crowd-pleasing nature, Tucker & Dale remains overly broad and one-note throughout
0.6 Tucker and Dale vs Evil, much like the titular characters, is daft and doesn't much care for subtlety, but smart horror fans will laugh their way through this well-acted, subversive horror-comedy.
0.6 A razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars.
0.7 Has way more than the average serving of laughs out loud, and even has a few of those laughs that go on and on, that hurt your gut.
0.6 Tucker and Dale isn't a spoof of the genre it's parodying (in this case, hillbilly slasher movies like Wrong Turn), but rather a razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars.
0.85 Surprise, it works.
0.8 There's nothing wrong with a one-joke horror/comedy -- provided you keep the joke spinning for 90 minutes. This flick (somehow) does.
0.8 Eli Craig's feature debut celebrates genre conventions while turning the traditional view of horror-movie heroes and villains upside down.
0.8 Great hillbilly horror comedy!
0.75 Stephane Lafleur denies Nicole the angsty treatments given similar characters in films like The Graduate and Frances Ha by refusing to saturate the film with an undergirding sense of charm.
0.75 The night scenes are particularly resonant, mixing humour, suspense and textured visuals. This is the kind of film dream from which you feel reluctant to wake.
0.75 Tu Dors Nicole accurately recreates that feeling of youth when the summer seemed like it would last forever. As the French say, it's tres drole.
0.8 Lafleur counters the lackadaisical narrative with direction, editing and sound cues that are playful but precise, mysterious but potent, making every note in this exceptionally well-made film something to savour.
0.9 It's hard to explain just why I so adored Tu dors Nicole. Can't you just take my word for it?
0.8 Beautifully understated and grumpy in that special 20-something kind of way
0.8 Having taken basic training at Ft Jackson, SC this film had a lot of memories for me. Plus Penny Marshall autographed my "League of Their Own" poster for me after the premiere.
0.6 Okay "heartwarming" drama. Tries too hard, but mostly works.
0.8 A worthy sequel to the original fan favorite.
0.25 ...an interminable piece of fluff that holds absolutely no appeal for viewers outside the film's target demographic of teenaged girls (undiscriminating teenaged girls, at that).
0.3 Even by Disney Channel standards, this sequel is weak and shrill and not at all fun.
0.8 Bouncy MGM college-themed musical sparkles with June Allyson.
0.6 It's not as good as the first film, but it's a definite step up from the previous installment.
0.4 Another slice of American Pie. Older teens only.
0.3 I've been had! People told me this didn't suck!
0.9 From one funny scene to another, Wedding throws so many laughs at the audience you can barely keep up.
0.75 [T]here's a subversive sweetness that runs just beneath the surface of the American Pie movies that makes them nearly impossible to resist.
0.75 [Seann William] Scott is more than ready for the spotlight, turning out one of the best comedic performances of recent movies.
0.2 Even fans of the first two films may find the proceedings pretty tiresome, but then they made those movies into hits, so anything's possible.
0.8 Quem poderia imaginar que Stifler se tornaria o centro da serie American Pie - e que isso seria uma coisa boa?
0.5 You'd think if you made a third one, you're gonna at least try to make some progress as a filmmaker, even within this limited scope of American Pie.
0.6 Nadia is nowhere to be seen and Stifler never surrenders the spotlight in what is the weakest link of the American Pie series.
0.75 ... enjoy the cinematic conclusion of what happens when sexually active teens get to grow up instead of being killed off at summer camp by a maniac slasher.
0.5 It's not that the movie is bad, it just feels awkward and not quite right.
0.75 One last helping of good, dirty--and surprisingly sweet--fun.
0.25 A worn-out gross-out.
0.6 It's not often sequels are better than the original but after a disappointing second instalment, writer Adam Herz has saved the best until last.
0.8 One of those very rare weddings where no-one goes home complaining.
0.625 A series clearly running out of creative gas.
0.625 We may be saying goodbye to these likable dopes, but we also can't help but think that they deserve a better send off.
0.6 Scott doesn't undermine his performance by breaking Stifler's own "Stifler" act; he's even oblivious to his very obvious homoerotic conflict.
0.4 If you're in the right demographic you're going to see it anyway. If you're not, this isn't recommended.
0.9 It's fun, silly, it's a good time. Go, enjoy it for pete's sake; especially after all the crap that's come out this summer.
0.5 Welcome to the epitome of taking a fresh idea too far.
0.75 It takes the characters we have come to know and love and it plugs them into an original situation.
0.75 Awkward and mythic in its humor, the American Pie movies have accomplished a unique position in Hollywood stature -- that of a successful comedic trilogy.
0.625 doesn't always work on its own, but it has a well-worn, comfortable feel that's hard to dismiss
0.6 What I really enjoyed was just seeing the characters again, possibly for the last time.
0.4 Jesse Dylan's direction is slapdash and lackluster; sometimes he can't seem to decide where to point the camera, or who should be in focus.
0.625 American Wedding supposedly marks the end of the American Pie series, which is something of a shame, considering each successive film seems to improve upon its predecessor.
0.5 For better or worse, the 'American Pie' series has pioneered what might be called the gross-out date movie...
0.5 The sequel is so obviously a desperate attempt to revive the burnt out careers of its stars that it's difficult to fully appreciate the hilarity of its fecal matter consumption jokes
0.5 Even a comedy that prides itself on the crudity of its sexual pranks can find a kernel honesty among the bathroom humor - and even the most insufferably crass, libidinously inflamed, knuckle-dragging mook has a heart in there somewhere. (Even Stifler.) A
0.4 Not only is Stifler taking over this [movie], he's also engaging in one ridiculous experience after another, most of them humiliating.
0.9 The scene in which Jim brings Michelle's parents to the house for a serious talk, not realizing Stifler's organized a bachelor party with strippers, hearkens back to the screwball comedies of the 1930s.
0.6 A supporting player among an ensemble cast in the first slice of American Pie, Steve Stifler has proven the most popular among Pie eaters, and the filmmakers have listened.
0.4 While it's hardly the train wreck that is so often the case with third acts, American Wedding clearly suffers from a lack of good gags.
0.7 Knowing how to frame a gag effectively is absolutely essential when creating a slapstick sex farce, and American Wedding does just that with alarming accuracy.
0.7 In an era where franchises that no one cares to see keep cranking out sequels that no one will ever watch, we're stuck saying goodbye to something that has become somewhat of a welcome institution.
0.625 While there are some laughs, they're not as loud as they would have been in the hands of a less clueless filmmaker.
0.5 It doesn't take a rocket scientist (or a pie fornicator) to tell that American Wedding is easily the weakest in a once-promising series.
0.5 One character continues to provide laughs, scene in and scene out... Stifler!
0.75 American Wedding, in fact, is so tasteless, so fiendishly puerile that it's hilarious.
0.625 Dylan delivers a comedy just on the high side of exactly what's expected.
0.6 Frequently gross but often very funny.
0.4 At this wedding, you can have your cake and barf it, too.
0.5 Some of it is funny, and a fair amount of it isn't.
0.75 What makes American Wedding click is that it doesn't pretend to be something it's not.
0.25 The strain and desperation are apparent from the first scene.
0.375 The thing is harmless.
0.5 It won't disappoint the many fans, but it won't win converts either.
0.5 Short on belly laughs.
0.5 Has some gut-busting moments, but for the most part the thrill is gone from what the ads describe as the 'thrilling climax' of this gross-out franchise.
0.5 An aimless charade of doggy poo, latex breasts and really, really bad language.
0.5 With apologies to Don McLean: it's time to say bye bye to this bland American pie.
0.5 [An] uneven but undeniably sweet movie.
0.625 Demonstrates the same disregard for good taste as its predecessors had.
0.7 Will make you laugh out loud more than a few times with its often juvenile and scatological humour.
0.7 Calling American Wedding unabashedly and unashamedly crude, lewd and rude is to concede it achieves exactly what it set out to do.
0.75 A better film than anyone should normally expect in this genre.
0.75 American Wedding" is the epitome of embarrassment humor.
0.5 American Wedding has the decided taste of day-old bakery -- although, of course, that could just be some errant body fluid.
0.625 In some ways this one is the sweetest, most appealing of the three films. And not too surprisingly, it may be the raunchiest.
0.5 American Wedding celebrates limited comic imagination with the predictable outcomes of most dead-on-arrival WB sitcoms.
0.5 Like someone smacking the bottom of an empty ketchup bottle, desperately hoping to force out a dollop or two...
0.75 As politically incorrect, rude and disgusting as it is, I just couldn't help but laugh.
0.8 Pure check-your- brains-and- pants-at- the-door rowdiness!
0.5 The first piece of Pie is so good, you have to have another. The second piece is okay, but by the time you get around to the third piece, it usually starts to make you a little sick.
0.375 [Turning] Stifler likeable ... is not quite as heinous as, say, giving Hannibal Lecter a puppy, but it does rather emasculate a character fans love to hate.
0.75 American Wedding is dumb and vulgar and - don't tell my mother I said this - awfully funny.
0.75 Although the movie cheerfully offends all civilized notions of taste, decorum, manners and hygiene, it has a sweetness that is impossible to discount, and it is often very funny.
0.75 Jim and Michelle may be the ones getting married, but American Wedding belongs to Stifler.
0.75 If you like the formula -- Hallmark card sentiments contracted out to hardcore youth offenders -- American Wedding may be the best of the trio.
0.75 While not quite as fresh as the original 1999 effort that resuscitated the raunchy teen comedy trend, American Wedding is significantly better than its predecessor American Pie 2
0.75 The only thing really disappointing is that Alyson Hannigan's band geek character is underused in what is a really good comedy.
0.2 The third -- and, dear God, hopefully final -- American Pie film wastes talented actors on slapstick, sentimentality and smut.
0.75 Thankfully, in a summer full of theatrical gimmicks the American Wedding audience is not asked to participate in Taste-O-Vision.
0.5 A gagfest that makes viewers gag at least twice as often as they giggle.
0.2 The makers of Wedding have so effectively managed to make offensiveness seem tame that this could be subversion financed by the religious right.
0.5 The humor is extreme and desperate.
0.4 The grossest, least funny installment in the American Pie series.
0.8 If you liked the first two, you won't be disappointed.
0.25 Whatever novelty this series ever possessed has gone down the proverbial tube.
0.6 An energetic, raunchy comedy that's funnier and more creative than the last film.
0.75 This third piece of the eternally coming-of-age group of youngsters delivers all the snorts and belly laughs you'd hope for from a good, old-fashioned gross-out comedy.
0.625 The howl-worthy gross-outs, the series' raison d'etre, more than carry the day.
0.625 [Dylan's] bare-bones approach may trip up along the way, but it keeps the funny stuff in the foreground.
0.75 The fastest, funniest, wildest entry in the series.
0.375 The whole thing is one big fat geek wedding fiasco.
0.625 If you think you're going to like American Wedding, you probably will. If you don't, you probably won't.
0.375 Joins the Porky's triptych as teensploitation smut franchises that have made it to three installments.
0.625 Fans of the first two "American Pie" movies should definitely come back for a third slice. Everyone else might want to cautiously poke at it with a fork first.
0.375 As with the first two American Pie flicks, this is the kind of movie you see again 10 years later and wonder why you liked it back when you were young and dumb.
0.5 Nothing more than an attempt to squeeze a few more dollars out of the success of the freakishly popular 1999 original.
0.6 If all you're looking for is a good laugh, you won't be disappointed. This is easily the funniest film of the season.
0.5 There's plenty of penis-related disasters going on in director Jesse Dylan's ode to friendship, fidelity and clandestine fellatio.
0.6 An old-fashioned round of Spot the Plot Device
0.625 In a way, "American Wedding" becomes a Stiffler of a film. INTERVIEW with Sean William Scott.
0.625 0.6
0.6 Uplifting (for some) fantasy-comedy-drama. Stick with original version from 1950s.
0.2 A sugary and sickening Disney remake...
0.6 Serviceable, but why does Tony Danza have to die?
0.0 Terrible fantasy. Full of depressing things like orphans and death. No amount of angels can uplift that.
0.2 On behalf of Angels fans everywhere, I demand an apology from the makers of this film.
0.6 If not for the warmth and likability of its characters and those playing them, The Lucky Ones would be a tiresome formula picture.
0.375 It feels like the writers were trying for dialogue that sounded natural and improvisational. Instead, it feels scripted and rehearsed. It's all phony balony!
0.7 Ultimately I was left without any clear notion as to what was being said through the film and why.
0.5 In this interview, The Lucky Ones director Neil Burger speaks about understanding the modern soldier, his surprising casting choice of anti-war activist Tim Robbins as a veteran and why he relates the story while the Iraq conflict continues.
0.6 War/road trip dramedy is cliched but affecting.
0.75 The direction is functional, workmanlike; Burger never steals the spotlight from his characters.
0.4 The biggest disappointment is in this script, written by Dirk Wittenborn and Neil Burger who gave us the delightful Illusionistin 2006.
0.78 ... reductive and unfunny ... think Coming Home crossed with Vegas Vacation minus Cousin Eddie ...
0.625 ...benefits substantially from the strength and charisma of its three leads...
0.5 Based on the evidence here, director/co-writer Neil Burger may be the last American who's ambivalent about the Iraq War, and his movie suffers for it.
0.75 While their circumstances may be forced, the three characters feel like real, complex, likable people. That's a real rarity in a film about veterans, no matter what the ideology is.
0.625 This is not the worst of the Iraq-themed movies of the past few years, and it's possibly the best acted of any of them. But you wish the bonding of these three people wasn't diluted by the trite scenarios and artificial circumstances of their saga.
0.625 The dialogue is often sharp and funny and the performances nicely pitched.
0.5 As they hit the road, the scenes play out like TV sitcom vignettes with little holding the centre together. We find out details about the characters lives, but never feel we know them.
0.25 Each secret is more implausible than the last.
0.625 McAdams and Pena are affectingly vulnerable, while Robbins convinces as a family man with strong paternal instincts.
0.5 The Lucky Ones has plenty of heart and courage. If it only had a brain ...
0.5 It gets so preoccupied with all the local color and colorful locals, that it forgets about the people on this journey -- or their ultimate destination.
0.25 Cheap, ignorant, tone-deaf and condescending.
0.625 Its lack of emotional thrust doesn't inspire the viewer to feel one way or another.
0.8 Director and co-writer Neil Burger's drama uses the war as a springboard to tell a darkly funny, and sometimes profoundly moving, story of the men and women who are the warriors.
0.5 It's all merely unbelievable.
0.5 The chemistry between the three soldiers is strong, but their journey rings hollow.
0.5 The story (by director Burger and Dirk Wittenborn) contains too many coincidences and convergences to wholly ring true.
0.75 What gives these episodes cumulative impact is the group portrait that emerges of a well-meaning country in a state of drift.
0.6 With a smooth, light touch, The Lucky Ones focuses on the idea that the present and the people who factor into it are all we really have.
0.2 Three Army soldiers on the road in America bond together through a series of preposterous happenings that come across as silly.
0.75 Of its genre, it's uncommonly good, and it's also the cheeriest movie about Iraq war vets I've yet seen.
0.625 After running through some pretty contrived paces for much of its running time, The Lucky Ones has some surprises in the last act that ultimately make it more satisfying than it might have been.
0.0 With one head-gnawing plot contrivance after another, it may think it's the wacky Iraq version of Easy Rider but is more like this year's Around the Bend or Diamonds.
0.2 From start to finish, there is not one single scene on display here that contains even a smidgen of reality.
0.5 Moments of real trauma are interrupted with sitcom wackiness, all of it connected by a terribly hokey musical score.
0.5 A road movie with no purpose, and a war drama with no bite.
0.2 The actual lucky ones will be sitting in a different movie theater, watching anything but this.
0.5 In the same way much conventional wisdom about the war is half-baked, The Lucky Ones is awash in stereotypes and generalities.
0.55 Director Neil Burger keeps things light, and the actors are more than engaging. ... But there's something centrally pat and predictable about the coincidence-laden story.
0.75 If a couple of the plot devices seem contrived, The Lucky Ones makes up for them with sharp, heartfelt performances, and a deceptively easygoing narrative style.
0.625 A thoughtful study on the way foreign wars can reverberate here at home.
0.75 This formula is fraught with pitfalls, but the characters and the actors redeem it with a surprising emotional impact.
0.5 If The Lucky Ones wants to seem like anything more than war vets thrust into a sitcom, it should try going five minutes without a contrivance.
0.5 The Lucky Ones takes a decent premise -- three soldiers returning from Iraq facing domestic challenges upon their arrival home -- and crams so much forced drama into it that the movie devolves into a hack buddy picture.
0.4 It's something of a well-intentioned mess.
0.75 A refreshing departure from the normal 'soldier's story' movies we've seen in recent years.
0.625 It isn't unpleasant to spend two hours with these three soldiers, although it might have been more enjoyable to spend the time getting to know them rather than force-feeding them artificial road bumps.
0.25 Sometimes, however, empty, contrived fantasies are just empty, contrived fantasies, as is certainly the case with this embarrassingly phony cross between Grace Is Gone, Home of the Brave and, believe it or not, Twister.
0.6 The drama's one glaring weakness is that its contrivances are far too obvious...Despite that, the unexpectedly light, sometimes humorous story is still enormously affecting.
0.4 Compelling idea, but slow, boring execution.
0.4 When people say, "Write what you know," they don't mean, "Write about YOU YOU YOU!"
0.6 Typical Adam Sandler -- charm mixed with crude humor.
0.5 The heavy-handed sentimentality provokes a most violent gag reflex.
0.6 Another genial Sandler opus.
0.5 Things roll along quite charmingly, until the action hit the courtroom and gets bogged down in a boorish, maudlin custody case.
0.625 Sandler continues to bring a sweetness, irreverence and unpredictability to the screen that make hits out of his films.
0.6 Though there are several truly funny moments in Big Daddy, they're all included in the trailer, so if you've seen it, that's all you need.
0.625 Not so bad.
0.75 ...you just might wind up with a new found respect for Sandler.
0.75 Don't expect La Dolce Vita and you'll love Big Daddy.
0.625 I still enjoyed myself at Big Daddy, but I didn't leave the theater marveling at how Sandler is able to make me laugh every time.
0.0 Worst of all is the way Sandler wants to have it both ways: to muck around in gross-out humor one minute and then turn schmaltzy the next minute with some fraudulent business about how much he loves the kid.
0.25 How's this for a novel complaint: Big Daddy just isn't stupid enough.
0.5 worth the trip but not the ticket price
0.5 A perfect case study in trying to please two entirely different crowds: the beer-guzzling college guys who make up the majority of Adam Sandler's fans and the unlucky dates who get dragged along to the movie.
0.4 There's no doubt Sandler is talented, but if he persists in believing that, like Elvis, his presence alone covers a multitude of omissions and inconsistencies, he will squander his gift and make a series of forgettable films in the process.
0.5 Two disparate films for the price of one.
0.5 Adam Sandler has gone soft and it just doesn't work.
0.375 The movie has a heart, yes, but not a very big one.
0.5 Being a jerk par excellence should mean never having to say you're sorry.
0.6 I was perplexed by some of the decisions of the filmmakers to try to make this film into a comedy.
0.4 An amusing premise that fails to live up to its own promise before sliding into a hackneyed courtroom battle and soggy father-son reconciliations.
0.5 A kindler, gentler Adam Sandler.
0.6 Big Daddy is crude and obvious, sloppy and mawkish, contrived and clumsily manipulative, and yet it still works.
0.6 Another dumb movie by Adam Sandler.
0.6 Big Daddy is clear evidence that -- for the moment at least -- this pony doesn't need a new trick.
0.7 Funny and cute!
0.625 Audiences don't go to a Sandler movie expecting realism or tricky plotting, they go for laughs, and there are at least a few.
0.625 moderately funny/dramatic overall.
0.6 Adam Sandler's latest comedy is sure to be a big, sentimental hit with his extensive fan club but not so prized by more mature film lovers.
0.73 Although it comes with spit and plenty of urine, Big Daddy also sneaks in a load of charm and a big heart!
0.75 Adam Sandler's sweetness just busts out all over. It's a wondrous thing to watch.
0.625 If anything, the movie is funny, plain and simple, and due to the several noted performances that are far above this slight material, I found I was enjoying Big Daddy quite a lot.
0.375 From how to ridicule poor, minimum wage clerks to how to cause bodily injury to innocent bystanders, Sandler lays it on thick.
0.4 The underwritten script fails to develop its premise adequately, shifts gears mechanically and comes too easily to a convenient finale.
0.375 I mostly looked at my watch and counted down the minutes until the agony of having to watch this idiotic movie was passed.
0.25 It's impossible to produce anything worthwhile from this screenplay, which has ugly, twisted morals.
0.3 After seeing how funny and talented Sandler's fellow SNL alum Mike Myers is, Sandler's one note shtick seems pretty lame.
0.625 A sure sign of a pending apocalypse: I enjoyed Adam Sandler's new movie.
0.625 Sandler's latest film isn't much of step up from those previous encounters, but it retains all of their good-natured affability.
0.3 A flimsy sentimental comedy with more product plugs and fewer laughs than might have been hoped for.
0.4 Cheap emotions, sloppy writing.
0.625 The film offers its share of big laughs, but the serious side is sunk by mawkishness and sentimentality.
0.375 Big Daddy should be reported to the child welfare office.
0.4 For Sandler's core audience of developmentally arrested males, it may all be a little too cute.
0.8 Watts fans will, of course, want to see Ellie Parker regardless of what I or anyone else say about it.
0.8 Enjoyable comedy with several laugh-out-loud moments and a terrific performance from Naomi Watts.
0.6 O que falta de estilo ao filme e compensado por uma atuacao corajosa, despojada e impressionante de Naomi Watts.
0.75 There's no question that what makes "Ellie Parker" work is the continued presence of Naomi Watts, a great film actress whether her film's budget is $187,000 or $187 million.
0.625 Ellie isn't a particularly likable character, but thanks to Watts she's an imminently watchable one. In many ways this is a daring, unforgiving performance.
0.625 Eventually the energy of the original short runs out and the movie coasts on fumes, but it remains surprisingly enjoyable for all that.
0.625 The premise -- someone trying to inject meaning into a necessarily vacuous existence -- is depressing, but there are moments of vaguely uncomfortable hilarity. The whole endeavor, however, winds up feeling flat and a bit dull.
0.75 This is the movie they should show in college acting classes, instead of tapes of Inside the Actors' Studio.
0.4 Ellie Parker has little to recommend it other than Watts' mercurial performance.
0.375 Even if Watts makes it almost watchable, the ugly cinematography is too much of an eye strain to endure for such a thin and uninteresting story.
0.4 Some films can make the leap from successful short film to a feature movie, and some just come up short.
0.625 Watts' performance is brave and jazzy, but Coffey's riffing lacks lasting impact.
0.5 Watts is alternately annoying, sympathetic and hilarious in the title role. She's always entertaining.
0.5 began as a short at Sundance 2001 and should have remained one
0.375 Shot on low-end digital video, the movie looks harsh and the sound is often dodgy, which wouldn't matter if the material were inherently more interesting.
0.5 Too often it has the uncomfortable feel of a too-small sweater - - stretched to capacity, still not covering the territory.
0.625 Though Ellie Parker isn't an especially deep film, and Watts' character can come off a bit whiny and narcissistic (but hey, come on, she's an actress!), it is engaging and frequently funny.
0.375 If the film had any point beyond the pitfalls of starlet-dom, though, it's long been forgotten, as the movie descends into a series of acting-class moments.
0.25 Naomi Watts is the only explanation for the existence of the student-y digital video feature Ellie Parker
0.625 As a spoof, it all feels a bit tedious and thrown-together.
0.25 There's the germ of a comic idea here, but most of the movie consists of acting-exercise skits that ramble on until they croak.
0.8 Ellie's story is as old as Hollywood, but Coffey brings to it a fresh, frenzied and often painfully raw vision in which Ellie begins to feel that her personality is as fragmented as life in Los Angeles can be.
0.7 Naomi Watts delivers a fearless, largely unsympathetic portrayal of the title character as a desperate, unstrung version of herself (an Australian actress with a knack for dialects).
0.75 You don't have to have any actors in your life to get how killingly smart and accurate Ellie Parker is in its depiction of 24/7 navel-gazing, Hollywood-style.
0.375 What is pleasant and slight in a short film becomes tedious and insipid when stretched to feature length.
0.8 A film has never been so representative of simultaneous reality than this little "inside" drama. Naomi Watts also shows us how many things a person can do while driving.
0.6 A rare pleasure.
0.4 A couple of laughs, a couple of interesting set pieces, a lot of Watts adding to her highlight reel, but when you get right down to it, there's just nothing else.
0.4 High Spirits is a good time but the film is far from Jordan's best, and isn't quite what one would call "memorable", even with the fun effects and witty quips from O'Toole.
0.2 Flat and sitcom-y; Hannah's costume looks like a plastic trash bag
0.8 I saw this movie when I was lonely and it helped somewhat.
0.0 Ghastly ghost story.
0.2 What was Neil Jordan thinking?
0.6 Not Neil Jordan at his best
0.39 High Spirits most clearly resembles a disturbingly hollow combination of Ghostbusters, Police Academy, and every loud noise you've ever heard.
0.9 One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
1.0 The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
1.0 An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
0.8 Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
0.5 It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
0.4 There are amusing moments but it's as illuminating as an average episode of Coach Trip.
0.6 There's much to admire in Alexander Snelling's documentary about a perspiring gang of sex-starved westerners on a tantric tour of India. He clocks some genuine emotional flashpoints and shoots India with adoring vivacity.
0.6 A rather unenlightening experience.
0.6 Dance to the cheesy '80s beat with tweens and up.
0.25 We all know a movie like this isn't appealing to anyone beside the folks who grew up during that time. And even they will be compelled to cringe at its mention...
0.2 It's a total wannabe in the realm of 80s teen flicks.
0.8 Classic '80 cheesiness -- a must
0.6 Nostalgia forces me to like this. Yes I feel guilty!
0.3 Sarah Jessica Parker's embarrassing contribution to that much-studied genre known as the "'80s teen movie"
0.4 Metter's "Girls" may just want to have fun but for the rest of us this concept is just wishful thinking.
0.4 If you're going to base a movie on a song, why not choose a song that's, y'know, about something?
0.8 Very funny and genuinely insightful family movie.
0.5 There's something even more hard-to-take than a cherubic tot trying his or her darndest to be adorable: it's an ugly kid acting annoying.
0.375 ...boring and slow and unfunny and a waste of Bruce Willis' time.
0.6 This is obviously a blowoff role for Willis; apart from a few frantic scenes where he thinks he's crazy, he appears to be reading lines in his sleep.
0.8 Si el nio que alguna vez fuimos nos preguntara qu es lo ms importante que hemos aprendido en nuestra vida, qu responderamos?
0.5 Seldom does one find a film that meets expectations so thoroughly.
0.375 Too bad infamously awful director Jon Instinct Turteltaub is at the helm.
0.3 Why am I sick to my stomach?
0.5 Nothing is very believable in the film.
0.5 Screams out for that special, gentle touch, and the filmmakers sadly never realize it. Or maybe they just didn't care.
0.5 So eager to please it ends up falling all over itself, The Kid could have used the more evenhanded touch Wells displayed in directing Guinevere.
0.5 A charmless, predictable picture.
0.4 You'll laugh, you'll cry, but when it's over you'll feel guilty about it.
0.5 Simple, paint-by-number feelings.
0.625 It could have been worse -- much worse.
0.8 A strong film with a big heart.
0.375 Disney's The Kid has a very strong chance at being a 'surprise hit.'
0.5 For all its obviously commercial push, this is a movie of intermittent pleasant surprises.
0.625 More of an adult movie which kids might like, than visa versa.
0.8 Only the hardest heats will refuse to be warmed.
0.75 Warm-hearted and effective.
0.6 It is more than likely that many adults will also see a bit of themselves in the Willis character.
0.75 No es apta para personas amargadas o resentidas con la vida, sino parta aquellos que tienen corazon de pollo y alma de nino
0.7 Has reasonable appeal for adults who had to give up their own dreams.
0.3 A charmless, saccharine sitcom.
0.5 The characters don't act like real people.
0.75 Wonderful family entertainment.
0.625 Jon Turteltaub pilots a moving story.
0.8 The Kid is a delightful, innocuous family film, one that kids will enjoy as well as adults.
0.7 By rights The Kid should be dreadful. Surprisingly enough, it often soars to heights of not bad.
0.75 A constantly dark, absorbing and personal turn on the mob genre.
0.8 Danny Kaye has some hilarious moments.
0.6 If you can stand Kaye (oh for a tranquilizer gun!), this one's not bad.
0.625 A mess with moments of transcendence, suggesting that [director] Lee has talent. But she needs to learn how to get out of her own way.
0.5 Is it dumb? You bet. Is it funny? Sporadically.
0.0 An inane, painfully unfunny comedy.
0.8 Screw you guys, I'm not going home...until the movie's over, that is.
0.6 There's plenty of ammunition for a satire of pro sports -- and BASEketball isn't it.
0.75 I have a terrible confession to make: I laughed myself silly at BASEketball.
0.75 A grand slam!
0.625 The kind of flick that serves itself up as the object of its own satire.
0.2 If you're old enough to see this movie without a parent or guardian and all that sounds encouraging, this review has failed, and failed badly.
0.0 Degenerates into a tedious series of unamusing and rather forced gross-out gags.
0.625 The chief problem is this film is too much in love with itself, too much in awe at what they can get away with.
0.5 This one went wrong somehwere, and is just gross, dumb and insulting.
0.25 BASEketball is a dog of a movie and that anyone paying to see it is hurting for a life. But then, you knew that.
0.8 Sadly neglected, high-gag comedy from the South Park lads.
0.7 It's filled with solid comic performances, equally effective as both physical and verbal buffoonery.
0.6 Sick, twisted, and very funny, Parker and Stone have arrived. Again.
0.6 Sadly underrated.
0.6 Sophomoric comedy barely curves a few laughs over home plate, pops up a lot of corny and repetitive jokes, but hits a homerun for originality and strong performances.
0.7 This movie is downright damn silly, and it's funny...all the way through to the other side.
0.6 Strange as it may seem, David Zucker ends up being the steadying influence which reins in Parker and Stone.
0.375 It's not very funny and tries to buy laughs with puerile shocks.
0.6 In the end, the surprisingly funny, though vulgar, energy of the first 30 minutes, is traded for distracted and unfocused vulgarity, without the inspired lampoonery.
0.375 The idea of creating a loose plot outline and costly sets just so two goofballs can clown around and improvise onscreen might sound fun if you're the two goofballs. But it's a chore if you're a member of the audience.
0.5 The comedy sets up some very big targets -- the commercialization of sport, crass franchise owners, sentimental idolatry of players, exploitation of foreign workers by superstar merchandisers -- and then lobs tiny spitballs at them.
0.7 [A] funny, gleefully offensive spoof of professional sports.
1.0 Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job?
0.625 The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues.
1.0 As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless.
0.75 Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies"
0.4 The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded.
0.8 Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little.
0.9 It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style.
0.4 Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values.
0.75 Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up.
0.75 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy.
0.7 The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison.
0.8 Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel.
1.0 Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff.
0.58 Well-acted with a compelling concept, but shallow and less than the sum of its parts.
0.75 Credit co-stars Douglas Smith and Zoe Kravitz for generating just the right chemistry as endearing oddballs to turn this quirky coming-of-age adventure into an appealing romantic romp.
0.5 Too much of this film feels like a half-baked Saturday Night Live skit stretched to the fraying point.
0.5 It has inventive ideas in the setup of her fishy tale. But the story doesn't do enough with them, and, for a large stretch, flops along like a landlocked fish gasping for air.
0.6 The Boy Who Smells Like Fish is an amusing slant on the coming-of-age film that hits occasional false moments but never wears out its welcome.
1.0 It's more than a movie; it's a key artifact (minus must or muss) of a cultural phenomenon.
0.6 Mildly entertaining action movie with The Rock.
0.625 I think you can smell what the Rock is cooking: a dish that'll fatten your head but pleasantly plump your gut. [Blu-ray]
0.8 If, like me, you dismissed The Rundown as just another stupid action vehicle for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson - get in the apology line behind me
0.2 It's Midnight Run with added insects but with only a twentieth of the humour and a hundredth of the charm.
0.75 It's slick, it's loud, and it's catalyzing--a gadfly of a film from a subversive filmmaker approaching the mainstream but not quite there yet.
0.4 O diretor Peter Berg e sua equipe foram assaltados quando estiveram no Brasil a procura de locacoes. Pois bem: eles se vingaram - e este longa e a prova disto.
0.75 [L]ikely to cement The Rock's place at the top of the current action hero pile.
0.625 A letdown, more marketing tool than movie.
0.75 It's a fun ride and a throwback to the kind of action movies that were popular in the 1980s, the days before ... special effects dominated every frame.
0.6 [T]he plot and the characters and the action set pieces all have to be built around an action star. The Rundown... indicates that the Rock is ready to be that star.
0.5 One of those failed adventure yarns in which the character interaction is forced to make up for other shortcomings.
0.75 The Rock is the action star of the new millennium, and his charismatic presence in The Rundown solidifies that.
0.75 A smart, fun actioner.
0.4 Not a single character behaves with any logic at all, but at least they're colourful and energetic enough to keep our interest.
0.7 It shows potential for a new franchise and a new star, or stars, in the genre.
0.625 If you can smell what The Rock is cooking, then get a sensational whiff of his homemade cinematic snack known as the giddy and glossy executed The Rundown
0.8 The final action flick of the summer is in fact the best.
1.0 Far and away one of the most enjoyable, not to mention best-made, action comedies since the original Lethal Weapon.
0.875 Aided by a strong cast and a smart script, The Rock makes The Rundown one of this year's premiere action movies.
0.6 What's fun about the film are its goofy sense of humor, wild and crazy stunts, and the cheerful willingness of The Rock to poke fun at himself.
0.3 The screenplay ... is the sort of mishmash of action-hero and mismatched buddy-movie cliches that makes obsessive action-film geeks, such as myself and the friend I attended the screening with, gnaw our lips off in sheer desperation.
0.625 The fights almost make up for the excessively juvenile humor and a portrayal of Brazil that's as ridiculous as the depictions of Africa in old Tarzan movies.
0.75 The Rundown stomps about to its own nutty rhythm. Unlike the abysmal The Scorpion King, it's a movie that leaves you slaphappy, not slapping your forehead.
0.75 With a summer as full of action movies as this one, you wouldn't think there'd be room for one more, yet "The Rundown" manages to keep an air of freshness without doing anything terribly new.
0.625 Within the context of the script's gradual decline, The Rundown's faults narrowly outweigh its virtues.
0.75 I've been placing all my money on Vin Diesel, but it's time to hedge my bets: The Rock is the action star for this generation.
0.5 Shows The Rock's promise as an action star. A better director would have let him deliver on that promise.
0.7 Passable entertainment that is notable primarily as The Rock's successful vehicle to action stardom.
0.75 The Rock's acting skills are treading water midway between the island of infinitesimal and the isthmus of immeasurable.
0.25 A black hole of nothingness that is not only hackneyed, but also mindnumbingly boring.
0.7 There's no logical reason for The Rundown to be any good. But with The Rock's sure presence and Peter Berg's gonzo direction, it's anything but bad.
0.8 Puts similar movies to shame simply by bringing that infectiously goofy FUN back into what's generally known as the Mindless Action Flick.
0.625 Whatever Scott drains from the picture, The Rock adds back in. He's a natural, a presence we take to immediately.
0.8 With surprising presence and quiet confidence, The Rock has cooked up a winner.
0.9 It adds up to prime stuff for us action junkies and admiration for the new guy in town, The Rock.
0.5 If Arnold Schwarzenegger had made a movie this tepid in his Commando/Terminator heyday, burned fans would be suggesting that he pursue some tenure as a Fresno alderman.
0.75 No need to run down The Rundown. The latest from The Rock is solid.
0.6 Breezy entertainment.
0.4 Too often brings guffaws at all the wrong moments, when it's not being simply too stupid for words.
0.625 While you won't exactly walk out humming the plot, The Rundown should go down quite decently with popcorn.
0.75 A witty, fast-paced action film.
0.625 A good showcase for the former wrestler's impressive physical prowess and decent comic timing.
0.5 As an action director, Peter Berg applies simple principles: speed it up, make it louder, blur it with effects. So we never get a true fix on just how good an action machine the Rock might be.
0.7 An amusing bit of escapist fare.
0.5 The film vacillates between balmy stabs at humor and milking its sodden social conscience. Meanwhile the script devolves into people yelling 'Shut up!' at each other.
0.75 The Rock shows off some impressive comic timing...
0.6 A fun ride.
0.5 Don't expect new horizons in the annals of odd-couple, comedy-action flicks.
0.75 The Rock reveals his classy transition from WWE star to a charming and charismatic big-screen action hero.
0.5 A brisk, good- hearted but predictable and uninspired -- not to mention bone-crunchingly violent -- action comedy.
0.75 It's more fun than most of what passed for popcornsellers this past summer.
0.5 The Rock does have a winning screen presence, even when the material falls short.
0.625 The Rundown doesn't break any new ground, but it doesn't leave you wishing you had stayed home, either.
0.625 Noisy, bombastic and ludicrous enough to please any WrestleMania crowd.
0.75 The Rundown offers everything a good movie of this sort should: plenty of suspenseful action, a few good laughs, and a share of obligatory 'reluctant buddy' bonding.
0.8 The Rundown is big fun at the movies.
0.7 The way The Rock pulls off the jokes and macho stunts in Rundown, Hollywood may just have found its new action king.
0.625 Connoisseurs of Christopher Walken, and there are some hard-core addicts lurking about, will have good reason to take in The Rundown -- they can add a few more riches to their treasure chest of Wonky Walken Moments.
0.75 The Rundown understands how to take itself seriously and have fun, and gives respect to an audience that usually doesn't deserve any.
0.625 A B-movie that seems to be well aware of what it is.
0.75 Rife with chases, explosions, boyish banter.
0.875 The jungle locations give the film a texture and beauty that underlines the outsized characters.
0.5 While the first half of The Rundown is a satisfying buildup, the second half is a tiresome letdown.
0.625 The Rock ought to expand his horizons and get himself a nice, quiet comedy.
0.4 Without comprehensive scientific data, it's hard to determine whether the Rock is igneous or metamorphic, but his latest film is definitively moronic.
0.7 Precisely as charismatic and ridiculous as The People's Elbow.
0.7 Through the jumble emerges The Rock, who becomes the main reason to see this movie. He turns it into a personal playground and does what he was meant to do -- get the audience on his side.
0.75 The cinematic equivalent of a pulp novel. Nobody will ever mistake it for great literature, but it's darn near impossible to tear yourself away.
0.7 If you're looking for popcorn entertainment, pick option A. This is an action comedy that delivers on both counts.
0.8 Knockdown, drag-out, "Yee-HAW!" action-comedy works thanks to the skill of the ensemble on both sides of the camera.
0.625 It's all silly . . . with enough bone-crunching brawls to hospitalize a regiment for a month, but naturally characters merely pick themselves up and dust themselves off just like Wile E. Coyote.
0.75 The Rundown is just a helluva fun time at the movies; better than your average buddy/chase flick and funnier than most comedies.
0.625 ...an odd example of Hollywood gun worship.
0.75 For all its glossy, genuinely entertaining action, it's uncertain how long The Rundown will stick with you once you leave the theater. What is certain is this: The Rock has arrived as a movie star.
0.75 Loads of goofy fun.
0.4 A strictly formulaic action picture that suggests some of Mr. Schwarzenegger's early, low-budget vehicles, like Commando and Raw Deal.
0.875 Blistering action sequences and a story that moves faster than an Arizona winter.
0.4 For much of the film, Berg is content to act like a Michael Bay wannabe, orchestrating large action set pieces that get increasingly tiresome and WWE-like as individuals get mindlessly slammed into the dust.
0.5 Basically a 10th-tier rehash of the Indiana Jones genre, laced with moments that are actually clever and exciting.
0.75 The Rundown has what we usually want to see in movies like this: bravura action, tongue-in-cheek humor, but most of all attitude.
0.5 The Rock has a flair for action and comedy; he's a real movie star.
0.8 With humor that runs the gamut from pee jokes to Heart of Darkness references, The Rundown is unrealistic, goofy, juvenile, absurdly violent and completely recommended.
0.6 Just silly enough to be worth your time.
0.375 Johnson is a natural action hero, a point presumably made rather cheekily by way of an early cameo from none other than Ahhnold himself.
0.75 Who knew The Rock possessed as much on-screen presence, charisma and good humor as he displays in "The Rundown"?
0.4 Yet another paint-by-numbers buddy comedy tailor-made for the former wrestler's brawny talents.
0.6 The shockingly restrained Johnson is legitimately charismatic here, merely because he isn't trying to be The Rock (he doesn't raise the People's Eyebrow once!).
0.625 (The Rock) seems to be winking at the audience as if to say, "Yeah, I know it's dumb. But aren't you having a great time?"
0.75 Hilarious action picture, directed with his signature irreverence by Very Bad Things's Peter Berg.
0.8 The Rundown is smooth over everything filmmaking. [F]ast enough to keep its audience hopped up on adrenaline throughout, and smart enough to leave them with something to talk about [when it's over].
0.4 A pale rehash of Romancing the Stone with a fuel-injected overdose of testosterone.
0.6 I've been waiting for an able replacement to Sly and Arnie, and The Rock is definitely it!!
0.8 not high art, not by a longshot, but it's way big fun
0.75 0.6
0.8 This film really succeeds with its warm treatment of ordinary hang-ups -- no life-shattering revelations or pain repressed since childhood, just the genuine, everyday trials of life.
0.75 Natalie Portman, as a 13-year-old on whom Hutton develops a strangely affecting crush, is a delight.
0.8 A film about relationships and growing older that's funny and smart.
0.75 Not a whole lot goes on, but what does go on is engaging enough to merit a look.
0.8 Wise and clever, a refreshingly different take on gender relations.
1.0 With only a few lapses, Scott Rosenberg's script is so good it outshines his much-praised Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead.
0.5 It's the women who break the monotony of this dudes-in-flux saga...
0.75 In a relationship that skirts bad taste, Hutton and Portman make tender movie magic, giving this big-screen spin on Friends its only moments of true romantic yearning.
0.625 While apt at times, often it seems overwrought and muddled.
0.5 Borrowing heavily from other, better films, director Ted Demme and screenwriter Scott Rosenberg give each of their male protagonists a case of commitment angst.
0.5 With better editing (Jeffrey Wolf) and directing (Ted Demme) the movie could have survived the script, but alas it was not to be.
0.5 A routine entry in the genre, with nothing in particular to recommend it, aside from an attractive cast.
0.25 The truth is it's just not fun to watch people make excuses for themselves.
0.62 Watching these guys struggle with an idea is like watching a dog trying to get to that unattainable itchy spot. Funny, but pathetic too.
0.875 What's nicest about the film is the way it treasures the good feelings people can have for one another.
1.0 I watched this film three times in two days and dug it more each time.
0.6 It doesn't always take you where you'd like it to go, but that's all right.
0.75 The movie lacks the stature or consistency to be truly beautiful -- but you know, it is kind of cute.
0.8 Rosie O'Donnell's best 10 minutes of her career.
0.9 This film may have been a small movie set in a small town, but its characters are earnest, its dialogue is smart and witty, and most of all, its heart is anything but small.
0.625 Worth seeing, especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine, but don't go in expecting a laugh a minute.
0.7 It's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least, how to lose your soul with grace.
0.6 In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office, any reminder of Hollywood's clueless cynicism is more than welcome.
0.5 What Just Happened, despite an air of crisis, feels sluggish and plodding.
0.5 An insider's Hollywood story, Barry Levinson's film lacks the bite of other admired "movie movies", such as The Player, or way back, The Bad and the Beautiful.
0.5 I don't think it's particularly funny and I think that's the problem with the film. I think it wants to be funny.
0.6 It's a shame that the film doesn't ever really take off into the stratosphere, because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing. But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film.
0.6 A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro, who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many, many years.
0.5 Based on the Art Linson autobiography, this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap.
0.4 prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima, tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio, [...] sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario, kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg
0.75 More understated than sidesplitting, this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended, its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding.
0.5 There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood, but many of the jokes, including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing, falls flat.
0.625 Polished, coherent, rich with internal consistency... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies
0.4 Director Barry Levinson's What Just Happened? is about spoiled brats. But it's amusing.
0.6 Ao contrario do recente The Deal, este filme nao exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood (uma clara hipocrisia), o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela producao %u2013 ambos esforcos terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador.
0.625 Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops, Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness.
0.75 This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain.
0.84 ...has small delicious moments, but it's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either don't much care about or actively dislike.
0.6 A playful industry satire made by victors. That's actually pretty cold when you think about it.
0.5 A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu.
0.6 Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player, What Just Happened? is flyweight. De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role, but he's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm.
0.8 The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened? is a worthy rival. It's also great fun.
0.4 Well, what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film.
0.4 It's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it's been done before...and an awful lot better.
0.6 Linson has drawn his fangs, opting for mild, Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up.
0.4 As a satire on Tinseltown, it's toothless.
0.8 A send-up of Hollywood and its stars, this is the best film industry satire since The Player. Funnier, too.
0.6 It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form. Perhaps, though, you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes.
0.6 Levinson keeps the pace sharp, and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money.
0.4 More cold than cute, De Niro's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be.
0.6 Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast, though it's a shame it's not a little more daring.
0.8 Taken from his own memoirs, Linson's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
0.7 By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom. Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood, he's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him.
0.4 A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck...succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us, but it does nothing to atone for the results
0.625 Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets.
0.375 The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative, knowing chuckles. The local auditorium where the movie opens today, however, is probably just going to echo.
0.7 Not something to be taken too seriously, De Niro's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro
0.3 What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting.
0.75 The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire, but "What Just Happened?" rings true, capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then, wondering if toda
0.1 What Just Happened? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone.
0.25 The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere. Considering everyone involved, this is a disaster of epic proportions. What just happened?... indeed
0.625 What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen.
0.5 In some ways, What Just Happened feels like an attempt to, if not make amends for moviemaking myopia, at least show how easily the contagion takes hold.
0.5 What Just Happened? has already happened and, to everyone but Levinson, that shouldn't be surprising.
1.0 The sharpest Hollywood satire since The Player.
0.4 What Just Happened is like a middle-aged Entourage in desperate need of Viagra.
0.5 The problem with Hollywood movies about the Hollywood film industry is: You've seen one, you've seen them all.
0.5 Rich, soulless Hollywood types screw each other over in What Just Happened. And we're supposed to care?
0.375 You'd probably need a veteran Hollywood psychiatrist to explain Tinseltown's fascination with its own muck.
0.6 ...not much.
0.75 Like a waning starlet fresh from her latest Botox treatment, Hollywood continues to gaze at itself in the mirror. Yet De Niro's producer adds a rare decency, keeping this film from being one more industry rout.
0.5 ...an utterly disappointing misfire.
0.75 In What Just Happened, we get a loving tribute to the movie business filled with disdain for the ethics of the people who work in the business.
0.625 This goofy, sporadically amusing satire is a career bounce-back of sorts. While [director Levinson] is not completely back on his game here, at least the film might make us forget about 2006's disastrous Man of the Year.
0.5 There are cutting laughs along the way, and Keener plays the hard-nosed studio chief with an insider's acumen, but, really, Entourage is better than this.
0.8 Movies about Hollywood are as common as Jolie babies, and there have been broader, funnier, meaner takes on the business than this one. But this Barry Levinson version of real-life producer Art Linson's memoir is more movie-savvy than any of them.
0.75 If you want to get a peek under the hood of Hollywood or just want to see Bruce Willis in a big, scruffy beard, What Just Happened certainly delivers.
0.6 What Just Happened? is wry rather than cutting, a feast of clever humor from a couple of insiders who see the foolishness that surrounds them but like it on the inside anyhow.
0.4 Less an expose than a recap of what even casual observers of the industry know or intuit, What Just Happened relies on cliches even as it deplores them.
0.7 DeNiro's days as a dramatic lead are history, but he still has a future in comedy. Catherine Keener, however, is the best thing in this movie.
0.5 A moderately funny, but largely forgettable adaptation of movie producer Art Linson's bestselling tell-all.
0.6 Showbiz satire is too edgy, 'insidery' for kids.
0.8 The adult comedy surprise of the year. A fast moving, often hysterically funny little gem about the business called show.
0.4 Sixteen years after The Player, it's apparently still all about making temperamental British directors change their endings and grappling with the casting of Bruce Willis.
0.5 It's a bit too inside to appeal to wide audiences, though there are some funny scenes.
0.625 A movie that's perfectly good, and yet not good enough.
0.75 If, ultimately, What Just Happened? emerges as slightly less than the sum of its parts, those parts are very good indeed.
0.625 It's a tossup. Your call.
0.5 A fairly toothless Tinseltown expose.
0.4 Imagine if a Hollywood satire was about any other business -- would it seem interesting to anyone outside of Hollywood?
0.8 The movie is brilliant at portraying the incredibly high stakes of the seemingly inconsequential and the tremendous amounts of money spent on it.
0.625 Even giving the film points for veracity, one is left with the movie's inherent, fatal flaw: Who gives a rip?
0.625 Eventually it just stalls.
1.0 De Niro holds this film together, not with bluster or dynamism, but with humanity. In revealing the weakness of a man who lives by the exercise of power, he restores his strength as an actor and makes you care beyond measure for what just happened.
0.8 Proving that truth is stranger than fiction, this farcical narrative delves into how egos essentially run Hollywood and how those egos are largely attached to dysfunctional human beings.
0.5 Though the movie is darkly funny, most people outside the movie business won't find themselves laughing too much.
0.4 The title of Barry Levinson's new movie, What Just Happened, is not phrased as a question, but if it were it would demand another question in response: 'Who cares?'
0.75 A scathing insider look at Hollywood...De Niro gives one of his most winning performances of recent years...
0.4 A not very fresh or funny glimpse of power players in Hollywood.
0.6 Forget inside baseball, this film comes across more like inside whiffleball than anything else--a simulacrum that looks sort of like the real thing but which never runs the risk of hitting as hard as the real thing.
0.8 feels fresh and original thanks to Levinson's phenomenal direction
0.5 Doesn't even consider itself surprising enough to tack on a question mark.
0.5 There's not a whole lot in What Just Happened? that would be out of place in a good SNL skit.
0.625 Hollywood loves to satirize itself using its own medium. But with few exceptions -- The Player comes to mind -- the laughs are rarely as wicked as they should be, and the skewers barely break the skin. So it is with What Just Happened.
0.8 It's another entertaining look at making films and a reminder that, with many of them, what goes on behind the scenes is the best part.
0.7 Coming from a Hollywood background, I'm often asked about the social hierarchy of TinselTown. Here's an insider's snappy, satirical glimpse into that treacherous industry.
0.666666666667 The script is sharp, and the ensemble cast a treat.
0.6 The draw, for fan mag stalwarts, behind-the-scenes aficionados and the film-passionate is this A-list cast delivering a few chuckle-worthy self-stereotypes.
0.5 The film could be faulted for being another masturbatory exercise in Hollywood narcissism, but that's really nothing new.
0.6 There are enough easily identifiable characters and humorous episodes that industry insiders recognize from their own experience that they will smile and chuckle while nudging each other and shaking their heads.
0.6 Really, how many times will you get to see Bruce Willis, Sean Penn, and Robert De Niro work together? (And in a comedy, no less.)
0.75 Zucker, Abrahams, and Zucker present a narrative that is hopelessly convoluted, but that, of course, is exactly their intention as they pile joke upon joke, filling their film with inventive sight gags.
0.8 Jokes so stupid as to seem almost surreal, an amazing range of cultural referents and a smattering of genuinely witty conceits.
0.75 The story has almost no momentum and runs out of gas, ending abruptly, but how can you knock a movie with so many gut-busting jokes?
0.75 Memorable both for its spoofing of a wacky combination of Elvis movies, spy movies and Second World War intrigue films and for the fact that it's Val Kilmer's film debut.
0.75 I could never figure out why this comedy-packed gem bombed during its day until I saw it again and realized how juvenile it is. Nevertheless, my memories of it helped me enjoy it once again.
0.875 This movie will cheerfully go for a laugh wherever one is even remotely likely to be found.
0.7 Top Secret! comes nowhere near Airplane! but in its own cheerful, low-pressure way, it's about as amiable an entertainment as you will find this summer.
0.6 Serves up a veritable smorgasbord of comic bits.
0.8 One of the funnier post-Airplane! free-for-alls
0.6 Another piece of loony bin entertainment from the Abrahams-Zucker chuckle factory...inspired in its wickedly silly-minded skin
0.6 Used to be very funny but doesn't hold up.
0.4 Intermittenly funny, but no Airplane!
0.4 The people making it seem to have enjoyed it more than I did.
0.8 There are no good white basketball players, my friend. Just this inspired two-for-one send-up of WWII pictures and Elvis movies.
0.9 A must-see!
0.7 Heavy on nostalgic charm, but a lovely and insightful portrait of children buffeted by their parents' leftist activism in the 1970's and of Sao Paolo's Jewish neighborhood.
0.5 click for full review
0.6 You've heard this story before, but what makes The Year My Parents Went on Vacation worth seeing is the unfamiliar setting...the Jewish community of Sao Paolo.
0.8 a skillful combination of humor, sadness, and tension
0.75 ... a sharply drawn coming-of-age comedy-drama...
0.625 Joelsas' youthful exuberance carries the movie long enough to make this "Vacation" a rewarding trip.
0.6 The comforting familiarity, even in a foreign country in a time of political strife, is what makes it quietly effective.
0.875 Despite a few bits of low-key humor and some cheeky bits, the mostly charming film is actually meant to be taken seriously. And there are some poignant, surprisingly tender moments.
0.5 Director and co-writer Cao Hamburger presents all of this in such a timid and sanitized manner that one would suspect childhood wasn't a messy affair. Unfortunately for Hamburger, we've all been there, done that.
0.875 Their performances (Michel Joelsas, Daniela Piepszyk) %u2014 natural, poignant and wide-eyed about what life will serve up %u2014 are things of beauty.
0.75 A Brazilian dramedy that touches on politics, sex, family and religion but is interested in them only to the extent that they rub off on the movie's people.
0.875 An utterly convincing depiction of childhood loneliness and uncertainty, in a world I'd never seen onscreen: the Orthodox Jewish community of Sao Paulo.
0.875 Director Cao Hamburger has a warm, delicate sensibility that informs the story's commonplace events. Neither the story's drama nor its comedy are overstated.
0.75 This Brazilian coming-of-age drama, co-produced by City of God creator Fernando Meirelles, charms because it rarely spells things out.
0.625 Be patient and brace yourself for the climax; the wait is definitely worthwhile.
0.6 A gentle coming-of-age film set in 1970 Brazil.
0.75 Director Cao Hamburger, a Brazilian of Italian and German descent, treats this development with a very light hand.
0.8 The Year My Parents Went on Vacation is a meticulous, fascinating and tender story of Brazil in 1970 when revolution was in the air and the World Cup was the hope of bringing a country back together.
0.875 This 1970-set tale of a 12-year-old shaped by three driving forces--his country's brutal dictatorship, his left-wing parents' disappearance and a nation's obsession with the World Cup--pulls you into a well-observed world and its characters.
0.6 A sweet and somber film that works hard to overcome its limitations.
0.75 A pleasant mix of sentimentality and political intrigue.
0.75 The acting is uniformly fine.
0.625 It has little to do with any actual human experience and everything with re-creating experiences from other movies.
0.6 [Director Cao] Hamburger's solid craftsmanship ensures a slick, enjoyable product, even if it's too by-the-numbers to really stand out.
0.625 The film's final third contains a glimmer of a great movie wanting to break out.
0.5 The director's understatement is married to a story that's frustratingly unexceptional.
0.75 Michel Joelsas, the young actor who carries the film, is quite a find ... a fun and charming film.
0.8 An emotionally touching Brazilian film about the spiritual riches and rewards of hospitality experienced by an abandoned and lonely young boy in a strange place.
0.9 This droll coming-of-age story, set in the turbulent year of 1970, astutely captures the resilience of the human spirit.
0.5 Mauro's character is underwritten, but Michel Joelsas delivers a believable, pained lad capable of still being a child.
0.2 Everybody on-screen seems awfully bored.
0.6 Full of action and Mel Gibson.
0.4 An interesting storyline, but it's mostly a waste of time.
0.4 Gibson does what he can, but not even Olivier could salvage this one.
0.5 Picture a cross between Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and Meet the Parents, except with a lot more attitude and edge.
0.1 0.5
"Rocky Road" may have been created out of good intentions, but then again, there's that old adage about a certain road being paved with such intentions. 0.5
0.75 In a decade largely defined by raunchy teen sex comedies, here's a film that stood out from the pack thanks to its sweetness and sincerity.
0.875 A classic. Has laughs in just about every single scene.
0.7 The Sure Thing succeeds most in identifying the self-effacing charm that would become Cusack's stock-in-trade as a young romantic lead.
0.75 A charming surprise.
0.75 This is a likeable film that follows all of the necessary steps to engage an audience. It may not be a sure thing, but it's at least a pretty good bet.
0.6 One of the great teen comedies of the 80s. One reason why Cusack became what he became
0.875 Sweet and wonderful.
0.8 A wonderful start for Cusack and Reiner.
0.7 One of the more "mature" teen comedies from the 80s.
0.875 Walter and Alison are closer to real teenagers, with real doubts and hesitations and uncertainties.
0.8 It's a treasure, smartly written, delightfully played (you'll be able to see why Cusack quickly became a star), and scored with a half-dozen period hits...
0.625 Stars John Cusack and Daphne Zuniga are no Gable and Colbert, but they make for interesting juniorfied versions
0.8 Rob Reiner's new film, The Sure Thing, is glowing proof of two things: Traditional romantic comedy can be adapted to suit the teen-age trade, and Mr. Reiner's contribution to This Is Spinal Tap was more than a matter of humor.
0.6 Like The 40-Year-Old Virgin, its sex romp overtures hide a warm and sympathetic heart.
0.8 Smart, sassy and sweet. This showed John Cusack's promise as a romantic lead, and some.
0.4 Obnoxious monkeyshines.
0.8 Singers celebrate diversity and independence.
0.125 ...Tom Hanks himself would be hard-pressed to inject life into this cliched, formulaic storyline.
0.5 John Hughes' vision of Dennis is much more menacing than Ketcham's fans and parents of small children might reasonably expect.
0.0 Someone ought to pay for this.
0.4 Mr. Hughes and Mr. Castle try hard to re-create a kind of timeless, idealized comic-strip atmosphere, but except for the performances of Lea Thompson and Robert Stanton... nobody in the movie seems in touch with the nature of the comedy.
0.0 Why, oh dear lord, why?!?
0.4 How to turn an innocuous comic strip into an obnoxious movie.
0.2 A movie that makes you leave the theatre with thoughts of having yourself, and your neighbors, spayed is not a good thing.
0.625 Those good qualities are undermined, unfortunately, by the Switchblade Sam character, who is dirty, threatening and scary.
0.5 Most children will get a kick out of it, although adults roped into accompanying their offspring may find themselves yearning to escape through the nearest exit.
0.1 This unfunny comedy isn't worth leaving home for.
0.375 Ten years too late -- for the movie, the actors playing the roles in the movie. It's "Hot Tub Time Machine" without the time machine or the hot tub. Or the fun.
0.8 Take Me Home Tonight is a much deeper, dramatic movie than most give it credit for. And it's also a hoot, too - largely thanks to Dan Fogler and the amusing cameo appearances.
0.375 This 80s-nostalgic comedy relies too much on its big hair and bright clothes and not enough on getting inside the head of its characters.
0.5 As enjoyable as the soundtrack and general nostalgia of this film is, it just doesn't rise above wannabe status.
0.75 ...a better-than-expected bit of '80s nostalgia...
0.4 A tonally uneasy mish-mash of stale slapstick and naive representations of drug use.
0.3 Eddie Money deserves better than this.
0.4 Grace is particularly wet, lacking the charisma or the charm to pull off the shy nerd-at-heart routine needed to convince you he could actually win the girl of his dreams.
0.4 This 1980s-set comedy was shot in 2007 and has been sitting on the shelf ever since. The damn thing's so old it's almost retro twice over.
0.4 So bad, it's almost good... if certainly not great.
0.2 It's a dispiriting mess throughout.
0.6 Refreshingly, for a comedy of any decade, the characters are all likable, particularly Grace who gives his best performance since 2004's overlooked rom-com In Good Company.
0.6 Like a lot of fun nights out, you might enjoy it but won't remember a thing.
0.4 Who ever thought we'd care?
0.4 A film which has the occasional interesting scene but which fails to ever take off.
0.4 [A] moderate comedy set in the 1980s.
0.4 It takes more than just the right clothes and soundtrack to imbue a flick with genuine Eighties spirit: though the leads click charmingly, this feels exactly like a Noughties teen comedy in yuppie drag.
0.4 There's a good, snappy screwball comedy buried somewhere in the movie, but director Michael Dowse can't unearth it.
0.4 Take Me Home Tonight is pretty similar to Hot Tub Time Machine, playing for the same silly Eighties laughs but never quite getting them.
0.4 Disappointing comedy that coasts along thanks to a likeable performance from Topher Grace but ultimately falls down thanks to some poor writing, a lack of decent jokes and a wasted supporting cast.
0.4 It's an amiable but slow slice of nostalgia: think 'Hot Tub Time Machine' meets 'Superbad' - without the big laughs.
0.6 A potential cult hit in the making, call this Dazed And Confused for the Members Only set.
0.1 Moral: Parachute pants and Wang Chung are not enough.
0.5 A serviceable adult romp about a Night That Changes Lives Forever, 'Take Me Home Tonight' is a raunchy glance back at the '80s.
0.5 Tonight better left to yesterday.
0.4 ... a basically inert rehash of the standard wild-all-night-party-that-changes-everything-with-nonstop-nostalgic-oldies-on-the-soundtrack movie ...
0.75 Not the best, night ever, as the tagline proclaims, but a good time anyway.
0.3 Take Me Home Tonight, sadly, plays like something that's perennially stocked in the remainder bins at Suncoast Video.
0.3 A venal, mindless, and aggressively chintzy movie.
0.6 "Take Me Home Tonight" is not a bad movie. In fact, it's pretty good. It's just unnecessary.
0.3 This one misses on just about every angle - plot, characters. laughs. Well at least the soundtrack is good.
0.8 The film isn't much, but for those of us who appreciate anything '80s, it's a perfectly painless nostalgia trip.
0.6 A film that succeeds (but just barely), not by poking fun at the decade of leg warmers, big hair, and even bigger cell phones, but rather by embracing the charm of its endearing lead actors.
0.375 A well-acted but forgettable 'Hot Tub Time Machine' clone for the post-college set (and without the time travel.)
0.0 Movies keep getting worse. Hall Pass was awful. Drive Angry made Hall Pass seem like Gone With the Wind. Take Me Home Tonight makes one yearn for Drive Angry.
0.625 Works better when it pauses in between its shallow gags and observes the angst of the recent college graduate.
0.5 It's formulaic at best - and even that formula isn't always thought through.
0.3 Remember how funny the '80s were? This movie doesn't.
0.7 It's not high art. It's not going to move you to save the world. But if you like films from that era, you'll be laughing your ass off.
0.6 The movie works its warm, funny magic and casts a spell that's both nostalgic and naughty.
0.1 '80s rocker Eddie Money called ... he wants his song title back.
0.2 A romantic comedy set in California in 1988 that loses its focus.
0.4 The screenplay hangs a lampshade on the trope of people who are stuck in time.
0.25 A dirge of a comedy...
0.375 After the gimmick begins to fade, what remains is less than likable characters inhabiting an all-too-familiar plot.
0.5 It tries hard, but it always falls short.
0.375 They speak entirely in plot points and punchlines and seem to be motivated only by lust, greed and ego. Well, we all are, but few bring to this motivation so little intelligence and wit.
0.5 It pretends to be hungry like the wolf, yet it ends up doing the safety dance.
0.6 Its abuse of nostalgia is more frustrating than entertaining and the same can be said for Dan Fogler.
0.7 The movie's carried by Topher Grace and Teresa Palmer who, in addition to being incredibly likable, seem to have real chemistry together.
0.875 An '80s movie lover's wet dream.
0.5 A reasonably watchable immersion in nostalgia.
0.8 Dowse achieves a level of sincerity and comic bite that transcends the efficient but sometimes painfully obvious screenplay.
0.15 Nothing that happens in Take Me Home Tonight is surprising or affecting, and none of it is funny, either.
0.375 very last joke in the movie -- verbal gags, visual gags, musical cues, camera moves -- is crushingly literal.
0.6 The movie is easily enjoyable, but it's also a mindless comedy with fewer laughs than one might expect after viewing the well-edited trailer.
0.5 'Take Me Home Tonight' has just enough heart and retro party spirit to hold the line before familiarity breeds contempt.
0.625 None of this is remotely surprising, yet I frequently found myself laughing (particularly at Fogler's wild-man behavior) and sympathizing with Matt's predicament (face it, Grace is impossible to dislike).
0.375 The mystery of Topher Grace's film career, and why it isn't better, continues with "Take Me Home Tonight."
0.4 Overall "Take Me Home Tonight" represents a lateral move at best for its 24-hour party people, a step back at worst, and not worth your time either way.
0.75 Like a zippy lost treasure from the days of VHS and Duran Duran.
0.375 A bland string of pokes at fashion and 1988 period style.
0.375 The art direction and costumes are clearly a conscious choice, but if you're going to look back with affection (and/or irony), it helps to have something to say.
0.625 Completely unoriginal, sure, but watchable and even likable.
0.4 dull and painfully unfunny
0.5 Feels like an '80s relic in a bad way, and an utterly perplexing project in 2011.
0.4 ...the comic tone is both strained and straining...
0.4 It's only sporadically amusing and it's certainly not original, unless the definition of original has been broadened to include copies of things that were original twenty-five years ago.
0.5 A celebration of '80s cliches that don't deserve a reunion.
0.625 Set for some reason in a crassly materialist 1988 that combines Less Than Zero with Animal House, Tonight comes up with some inspired bits...
0.6 Smart and funny tribute to the R-rated comedies of the 1980s.
0.5 Another forgettable entry in the already overfilled ranks of middling boys-will-be-boys rib-ticklers.
0.6 Misses the Hughes sensitive-raunch sweet spot, though a game supporting cast hits bull's-eyes on lesser targets.
0.125 I hated every calculated second of it with a passion.
0.875 ...a consistently watchable romantic comedy that's certainly a far cry from its underwhelming brethren...
0.7 Shmoopy or not, the movie worked for me.
0.2 Lisa Kudrow, the designated comic relief, has never been so consistently unfunny, and Gina Gershon looks uncomfortable in every (pseudo-)inspirational moment.
0.25 Hilary Swank may have two Oscars, but P.S. I Love You proves she has plenty to learn about romantic comedies.
0.5 You get the strong impression that no one involved wanted to risk being labeled "depressing," so they inserted a lot of lame comic moments into a film that doesn't need them.
0.5 May be too womanly for a guy like me, but you don't have to be either sex to know all potential is dashed in a hail of cliches...
0.5 ...the filmmakers mean well, but instead of a celebration of life, the whole thing seems like an extended wake.
0.4 It was Irish overkill. There didn't seem to be a chronological plan with the letters, so poor Holly is just forced to sit and wait to hear from her dead husband.
0.375 Talk about uneven. 'P.S. I Love You' is more uneven than an emery board, and every bit as grating when it misses its mark, which is more often than not.
0.8 Better than the best kiss you've ever had.
0.6 Romantic comedy is too tragic for all-out laughs.
0.625 It could have been better, but it's good enough to be a solid girls' night out flick.
0.375 Lame.
0.25 Punch line should read P.S. I Love You %u2013 If you can sit through this 2 hour film and not become nauseated.
0.375 P.S. I Love You runs 126 minutes, and that extra half-hour bloats the material into an ugly mishmash in which the attempts at comedy are excruciating and the drama gets diluted by needless set-pieces.
0.4 By mid-film I was praying for Clint Eastwood to show up and take Swank off life support. No such luck.
0.375 Alas, we never buy the depth of Holly and Gerry's love because the chemistry between Swank and Butler is nonexistent.
0.4 [Hilary] Swank's raw, genuine performance stands out -- like an emerald on a compost heap -- against the canned warmth...
0.5 If you're looking for a great date movie so you can get laid over the holidays, this is the one.
0.9 This is the kind of movie that was made for the female audience and we thank you. PS, take Kleenex.
0.625 The end dedication (to the producer's late sister) reminds us that even a disposable commercial film can be extremely personal and meaningful for the people involved in its creation.
0.5 Snippets of sharp, witty dialogue are lost in a sea of sappy cliches and too-cute-for-words plot twists.
0.8 Hillary Swank makes the best of her lonely heart role but never gets to take off the gloves in an entertaining romantic drama. Supporting she-wolf Lisa Kudrow steals the show.
0.4 The film does have its share of funny, winning, and heartwarming/emotional moments, but the rest feel artificial and contrived, from the basic conceit to the various smaller elements that are too familiar and/or forced to elicit any sort of favorable resp
0.5 The movie is so bent on conjuring big, sweeping emotions that it becomes a bit scattershot, starting down way too many tear-jerking roads but never going down any of them far enough to discover any real substance.
0.2 Doesn't add anything fresh or special or memorable to our understanding of the grief process.
0.625 The supporting roles are all handled well by experienced actors, and they have good material to work with.
0.5 P.S. I Love You isn't as pathetically sappy as the title might sound. OK, maybe it is a little...
0.5 Some actors are better suited to straight-ahead dramas. Swank appears to be one of them.
0.375 It's tough going relieved only by some lovely Irish scenery.
0.375 It's the sort of movie that no man will ever go to unless dragged by a woman. His sole reward will be the sight of Swank in sexy underwear.
0.5 The talented Swank is slumming a bit here, but she could -- and has -- done worse.
0.25 This is a movie that will leave you stunned and stupefied from beginning to end, if you don't head for the exits first.
0.5 In the grief-drenched romantic comedy P.S. I Love You, things are excruciatingly amiss, start to finish.
0.5 Butler, though puportedly attractive, gives a chipmunk-chipper performance that can only be described as supremely annoying.
0.6 P.S. I Love You looks squeaky clean and utterly straight. Yet as directed by Richard LaGravenese, it has a curious morbid quality.
0.25 A protracted piece of schmaltz.
0.375 P.S. Why should we care?
0.25 Who should be more insulted by P.S. I Love You: Women, who are portrayed as shrill, materialistic harpies who fall down regularly? Or men, who are shown to be at their most romantically attractive when they're dead?
0.625 I found myself entertained, engaged and, occasionally, pleasantly surprised.
0.2 A low point in the tear-stained history of sappy, shallow chick drivel.
0.5 What's on your holiday wishlist? Is there room for a maudlin romantic comedy that brandishes its earnestness like tacky light displays synchronized to Trans-Siberian Orchestra?
0.5 Pulling our strings is one thing; taking us for a fool is quite another.
0.5 Tone is everything in a movie like this, but writer-director Richard LaGravanese, working from a novel by Cecelia Ahern, can't decide between quirky indie dark comedy and laugh-a-minute TV sitcom.
0.4 Sappy, floundering, disappointing melodrama...drop it in the dead letter office.
0.25 P.S. I Love You is blithely inept.
0.3 LaGravenese is usually a terrific screenwriter, but this adaptation (with Steve Rogers) of Cecelia Ahern's novel is almost insufferably sufferable.
0.625 No one will confuse Hilary Swank with Lucille Ball, but she's entertaining enough to keep this one from becoming a gooey chick flick
0.4 It feels like the kind of project that Meg Ryan would have turned down back in the 90's for being just a little too hackneyed and cliched for its own good.
0.2 You could go see P.S. I Love You, or you could hit yourself on the head with a meat mallet.
0.625 Has its occasional oddball charms, but it is also ultimately conventional ... and pandering to go along with them.
0.7 P.S. I Love You isn't going to break the chick-flick barrier but it packs a powerful two hours.
0.4 more of a waste of time than an enjoyed vicarious journey
0.5 It's tough to believe that any leading lady could've done much with writer-director Richard LaGravenese's lackluster material.
0.5 P.S. I Love You commits several cinematic blunders, but the biggest one may be its attempt to turn Hilary Swank into a romantic lead.
0.4 P.P.S. Don't you hate bad romantic comedies?
0.5 Shifts between earnest melodrama and zany comedy without making much of an imprint as either...In all of her frequently breathtaking talent and depth, Hilary Swank deserves better than what P.S. I Love You has to offer.
0.1 A romantic dramedy that stumbles through its excruciatingly Oscar-padded 126-minute running time with no end in sight.
0.625 A mostly overheated farrago of sentiment, self-help and romantic cliche.
0.5 What do you get when you stick a talented, interesting cast in an uninspiring chick flick? Short answer: P.S. I Love You.
0.4 This weeper that can't wring out tears.
0.25 P.S. I don't like you at all.
0.375 ...can't quite nail a consistent tone.
0.5 P.S. I Love You is the cinematic equivalent of a Celine Dion song.
0.375 A chick flick in the worst sense of that phrase, as all of the actors run around frantically, emoting like crazy while having zero chemistry with each other.
0.4 The emotional tug is lost in uninspired dialogue, trite situations, and some plot twists that defy credulity while exploring the limits of tedious convention
0.3 Even fans of the romantic comedy genre might have trouble suspending disbelief for this ridiculous bit of fluff that rarely knows whether it wants to be a serious drama about grieving or a light comedy about finding love.
0.375 There are many good actresses unsuited for romantic comedies, and Hilary Swank, despite her considerable talents, is one of them.
0.5 Unfortunately, it's as flimsy as tissue, and the actresses, all 50+, really do more with the material...than it deserves.
0.75 Thank heavens for the practical presence and humour of Bates, and the quiet conservatism of Allen's performance as a pious woman scared of too much freedom.
0.25 A film full of emotional false notes, bad dialogue and cardboard characters...
0.5 For a film about discovering your own journey, it sure sticks to the main roads.
0.5 What happens when you take 3 of the best dramatic actresses of all time and put them together in a road movie? Pretty much a movie that should have wound up on Lifetime.
0.625 Bonneville gets by - barely - on the strength of its three leading ladies.
0.6 Bonneville is scarcely original and in no way earthshaking, but its notable cast is a pleasure to behold.
0.2 Clearly, this fatiguing femme drama is Lifetime, Oxygen or straight-to-DVD grade level. To put it in theatres is a gross overreach.
0.75 The characters, situations and resolutions all are predictable and fit like a warm, stretched-out sweater with holes in the elbows.
0.4 ... to see all that potential wasted on what's little more than a washed-out, milquetoast road trip comedy for the soon-to-be senior set is just a travesty.
0.625 When you've got three of the nation's best actresses in leading roles, it doesn't matter if your script is only adequate and the audience really has to squint here and there to believe what's happening on the screen.
0.5 Patronizing an underserved audience with this kind of half-baked fare is a cinematic crime not easily forgiven.
0.6 A heartfelt drama about a grieving woman who embarks with her two best friends on a pilgrimage across the West seeking meaning and closure.
0.5 It's a shame that it's such predictable pablum, full of easy lessons and obvious sentiment. The prodigiously talented Allen, Bates and Lange give it their all, but there's a limit to what even they can do with platitudes and prefabricated homilies.
0.75 It's just great to see these three in sizable roles instead of being stuck in Hollywood movies where they pop up briefly to wash the dishes and dispense advice to the hot actress who's the star of the thing.
0.5 There are zero surprises in the road comedy Bonneville, sadly including the fact that three middle-age actresses with three Oscars and nine nominations among them couldn't find anything more challenging to do.
0.5 There's no avoiding the fact that Christopher Rowley's feature debut is as uninspired and predictable as your average Lifetime movie.
0.5 Bonneville is so bland and predictable, it literally takes two Oscar-winners and a multiple nominee to give it any real entertainment value.
0.6 Except for Jessica Lange's silent, expressive close-ups, the women's journey in Bonneville is aesthetically and dramatically unremarkable.
0.25 The '66 Bonneville was a great car, but these talented ladies deserved a better vehicle.
0.5 The kind of comfy, reassuring take on human relations that makes cynics want to growl at the stranger sitting next to them.
0.4 In Bonneville, a talented cast is wasted, falling victim to a tired, cliche-ridden story.
0.6 The actors make us happy to be along for the ride.
0.4 A tragic waste of time and talent in every sense of the word.
1.0 It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
0.875 [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
0.8 This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
1.0 Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
0.875 This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
0.875 If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
0.9 Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
1.0 A great Hollywood classic!
0.875 [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
1.0 ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
1.0 It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
1.0 The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
1.0 Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
1.0 My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
1.0 Few Christmas films are funnier.
0.8 Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
1.0 There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
1.0 A classic.
0.8 Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
1.0 A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
1.0 Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
0.75 There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
0.8 kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
0.5 The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
0.9 A comfortable, homey movie.
0.85 A delightful movie.
0.625 Napoleon and Me is always lively and often charming.
0.375 Griffith almost makes it watchable. She is as charismatic a camera presence as ever, but her magic is mostly muted in this flat retread.
0.25 In this pointless remake, essaying the Judy Holliday Oscar-winning role, Melanie Griffith gives a poor performance, marked by monotonous delivery and tiresome semi-spunky routines.
0.6 Not so much bad as thoroughly pointless.
0.4 There is a fatal disconnection between place and characters who, conceived in one era, are crazily transported into another in which they don't quite fit.
0.6 Much more enjoyable than you'd think. Griffith and Johnson sizzle.
0.4 Just rent the original. Trust me.
0.25 This is supposed to be snappy material, and it comes across gloomy.
0.375 There's little (if anything) to recommend this movie.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is a very mediocre affair, with crummy 3D and a real lack of laughs.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" feels more like a direct-to-video release than one that should have been put in theaters.
0.8 Shrek Forever After is a fairy tale ending for the series.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
0.6 DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
0.6 Reveals an urge by the filmmakers to wipe the slate clean, as large an admission that the series is out of ideas as one could get. That said, all involved do try to make the most of it.
0.6 ...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
0.6 It's sweet, mildly funny, and a pleasant enough farewell from these once beloved characters. But there's a somewhat melancholy tone to the proceedings, as we watch this franchise try to hold onto its final shreds of dignity.
0.5 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Interestingly, ...Forever After's biggest influence appears not to be fairy tales this time, but rather the Back To The Future series.
0.8 The movie is a family drama about the family drama, so on every available level it works a treat.
0.6 It's a neat enough way of closing the book -- and one hopes it is closed now.
0.7 Has a warm, engaging tone that draws us into the dramatic possibilities rather than the comical ones
0.6 It isn't quite as witty or inventive as you might have hoped but if it is the last film in the series then it offers an honourable conclusion to a wonderful decade of family entertainment.
0.6 An improvement over the last film...
0.6 I admit my gentle, feelgood buzz on leaving the cinema was rather premised on the assumption that the Shrek-pipeline is now empty, but it's an enjoyable film nonetheless and a nice way for the series to finish.
0.4 Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.
0.6 If we all loved the first film, enjoyed the second and were disappointed by the third, this fourth and final entry ends the Shrek series on a satisfying high note.
0.6 While it will have to settle for being the second best sequel of the franchise, Shrek's last outing ultimately reminds you of why we fell in love with these characters in the first place.
0.6 Now is the time for DreamWorks to return to the drawing board; to use this $2.5 billion series to invest in something as thrilling and adventurous as the original Shrek.
0.6 The film is engaging enough, due to a narrative gimmick that makes the old ground new again.
0.6 This fourth ogre outing delivers plenty of 3D razzle dazzle and has fun messing about with its alternate-reality storyline, but it never troubles the modernclassic status achieved by the first Shrek. Still, a chunky step up from Shrek The Third.
0.6 Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
0.6 An entertaining conclusion to the franchise -- one that parents should happily endure. But let's hope that's all, folks.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...
0.2 There's no life to the film, no spark, and more importantly no real reason for this fourth outing to have ever been made.
0.6 A welcome relief. However, it is still far, far away from the heights of the first two installments.
0.55 If anything, it's much better than the third chapter.
0.625 It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
0.7 As far as blatant milking of cash-cows go, it retains much of the heart and charm of the franchise, if not the cracking humour.
0.8 DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
0.6 The Shrek franchise is a hugely enjoyable one, with funny characters and a knowing way with mocking fairy-tales and popular culture.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.6 Shrek Forever After feels tired, but is lifted by the usual slew of wisecracks and pop culture references. The use of 3-D, while not revelatory, is apt, and adds another layer of appeal to the film's action.
0.6 A rise in quality from the very pedestrian Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek 4 shows all the signs of mortuus equus syndrome -- as in, flogging the horse which is not just sleeping.
0.6 All in all, it's not the spectacular send-off Shrek deserves but, as a way to get out, it's not too shabby either.
0.8 What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
0.75 The key, as Fiona points out, is to know when you have everything, and be grateful. It's a worthy conclusion to the tale. We can all live happily ever after.
0.75 This "final chapter" doesn't try too hard %u2014 save for the finale %u2014 to become an after-school special, the way the dreadfully dull Shrek the Third did.
0.625 doesn't do anything the previous installments hadn't already done for better or for worse
0.75 The weaknesses of the picture suggest that there really isn't anywhere else to go beyond this, but as long as they stop now, the series can always be remembered as a pleasurable one.
0.5 It's a Shrek-derful Midlife Crisis
0.625 All the edge, all the wit, all the refreshing originality that made the earlier films in the franchise so enjoyable have been all but drained from the swamp this go round.
0.625 The winking nonstop pop-culture references are as annoying as ever, but the witch army is cool, and there's no denying that Donkey, Puss in Boots, the Gingerbread Man, Pinocchio and the other supporting characters are pretty funny.
0.375 It cuts back on the rapid-fire pop culture references that dominate the other films to focus on the story, but unfortunately, the story isn't all that interesting.
0.625 This is one grim fairy tale.
0.5 Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
0.6 I got three solid laughs and one chuckle out of the whole thing. There is something wrong with that.
0.5 Not as bad as number three but not as good as one and two.
0.25 A dumbed-down ripoff strictly for the tyke demographic too young to notice that the flick's a thinly-veiled retread.
0.75 After the original spoof of fairy tales and Disney fare, it's taken three sequels to finally get one right. Now please stop.
1.0 The deepest, richest, most entertaining and the most "real" characters in movies aren't real people.
0.5 The fairy tale that has charmed adults and children is now in its fourth, and possibly final, installment.
0.875 Reminds us why we fell in love with these characters, while also finding different ways for them to interact in a new adventure.
0.8 After seeing 'Shrek the Third' I thought I was done with this movies. I thought wrong. They brought back the story. And now they can put the series to bed, happily ever after.
0.5 [Its] primary function will be to serve as a babysitter once it hits DVD.
0.582 Somewhat clever, heartfelt and much darker than its predecessors, but it's ultimately forgettable and not nearly as diverting as it could have been for kids and adults simultaneously.
0.5 [It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
0.8 You don't have to be a second coming of Albert Einstein to figure out how it will all end, but that doesn't stop Shrek Forever After from having a tremendous amount of heart.
0.6 Fiona's fierce, Shrek's lovable in still-funny 4th movie.
0.625 It's no classic, but Shrek Forever After is a pleasant reminder that every time a cash register rings, this ogre turns angelic.
0.5 It feels narratively overcooked and comically undernourished, a pale shadow of the earlier entries.
0.6 This latest episode may be agreeably snappy and snarky -- improving considerably on 2007's stale Shrek the Third -- but it's also evidence the series is out of ideas.
0.625 Shrek Forever After wanders far, far away from the infectious and propulsive zing that we've come to expect over the past nine years.
0.75 The shout line on the Shrek Forever After poster says it best: It ain't ogre till it's ogre.
0.75 Directed with zest by Mike Mitchell (from a script by Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke) and shot in 3D, this final Shrek sequel has plenty of verve.
0.9 Director Mike Mitchell and screenwriters Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke, all relatively new to the franchise, manage to lead the winning returning cast in a fresh direction.
0.55 Do we really need a movie about SHREK's midlife crisis? Really?
0.5 Forever After feels like a tired yank on the udders of a cash cow that's nearly dry.
0.625 Shrek still mopes around too much. But he recovers nicely with a good bit of help from his friends, Donkey and Puss, as fine a pair of sidekicks as filmdom has produced.
0.6 Mr. Murphy's toothy, shifty-eyed Donkey who distills the series' attitude of cheerfully curdled hipness. In his eternal upbeat cheekiness, he is a creation to rival Peter Pan.
0.5 Even though Forever After is not as fresh-seeming as its predecessors, it provides passable entertainment, especially for the kids who won't be familiar with the George Bailey storyline retread -- or midlife crises, for that matter.
0.75 Shrek's "It's A Wonderful Life," plus lots of action and Donkey teeth in 3-D.
0.75 Let Shrek Forever After be the final Shrek chapter so the franchise can end on a reasonably high note.
0.625 "Shrek Forever After" lacks the charm and freshness of the original. It does entertain, though, because of its winning recipe of popular characters, humor and storytelling.
0.8 Where Shrek the Third got a bit green around the gills, this latest take, puffed up in 3D and defibrillated back to life with a snappy story, makes for some monstrously good fun.
0.5 "It's mildly entertaining, infused with the pleasant nostalgia you experience visiting friends you only get to see every few years. ... But the laughs aren't there anymore."
0.4 This is nothing more than a tired and creatively bankrupt attempt to further stretch out a property that never should have turned into a franchise in the first place.
0.625 The fourth Shrek runs out of steam from the start, cribbing from its predecessors in a last desperate attempt to evoke some of that old magic.
0.5 If you had a tough time getting through Shrek the Third, you'll probably have an even tougher time with Shrek Forever After. Oh, but it's in 3-D. That should make things pop, but it didn't make much of an impression, sort of like the rest of the animati
0.6 ...for once, the creators of this creaky series try something new and fresh.
0.875 They ought to be happy they found a way to go out on top with a good movie. Please don't follow through with the idea of doing a 5th Shrek movie.
0.75 After a disappointing third outing, this Shrek brings the cycle of fairy-tale-themed films to a fine finish.
0.5 Benjamin Franklin once said, "Fish and guests stink after three days." The same could be said of movie franchises that overstay their welcome. With Shrek Forever After, the magic is gone but at least the heart is back.
0.25 After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
0.875 Fresh, funny and, for once, a sequel worthy of summer blockbuster status.
0.75 A sunny, sweet and satisfying animated comedy.
0.6 Shrek Forever After is an improvement on the third film but misses that comedic balance that the first two films delivered.
0.75 For once ... I hope the filmmakers haven't ruled out another sequel. As Shrek Forever After proves, there's life in the big green guy yet.
0.625 What saves Shrek Forever After from utter mediocrity isn't its high-priced superstar voice talent but veteran animator Dohrn, who steals the show by making Rumplestilskin the best oily runt since Danny DeVito last dispatched a taxi.
0.6 Fanciful and, hopefully, franchise-concluding, it should have a long and prosperous life on dvd.
0.6 You've seen Shrek and it was good. If you want to know what Shrek would be like if it wasn't good, then see Shrek Forever After.
0.625 The series exits (hopefully) on the right note. It's not because it comes close to the achievement of the first two films ... but because it gets out before we turn from amused detachment to fed-up annoyance.
0.625 So fear not, "Shrek Forever After" is not a S-wreck. But unfortunately it's not S-great, either.
0.8 The magic is back
0.625 It now requires nothing less than the retroactive destruction of Shreka(TM)s idyllic family life to inject some necessary conflict back into the franchise. If you cana(TM)t fix something that isna(TM)t broke, your only recourse is to break it.
0.625 In the fourth and ostensibly final installment, Shrek and company still have some appeal, but the energy is lacking and the fun feels forced.
0.5 Having seen Shrek Forever After only four days ago, it has already begun to slowly fade from memory, whereas the original remains fresh in my mind, as if it were just viewed yesterday. What does that tell you?
0.625 It's the characters that pull us in when familiarity flatlines our interest.
1.0 ... that rare sequel that actually tops the original ...
0.75 Shrek Forever After ends (presumably) the Shrek saga on an up note, thanks to a fresh take on a classic plot twist.
0.5 With the exception of the third film, this is the least funny of the bunch.
0.5 Shrek Forever After is being billed as the last of four big-screen romps featuring the lovable slime-green ogre with the cheesy Scottish accent. And to see this final installment is to know: It's time.
0.5 The magic is gone. Like its watermelon-headed hero, Shrek Forever After has the midlife blahs.
0.75 As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
0.6 For the most part the screenwriters never lose sight of the moral of this story: Whatever else gets tossed into the mix, Shrek must be the heart and soul. In this, Myers is a master; he makes it seem easy being green.
0.625 All of this would be extremely irritating, and easy to dismiss as cynical manipulation of the moviegoing public -- except for the fact that even recycled Shrek is still pretty funny, and that kids will thoroughly enjoy it.
0.4 The kind of commercially mandated, creatively bankrupt effort that makes you realize why so many animated sequels go straight to DVD.
0.625 The quick wit and multitiered pop-culture referencing that made the inaugural Shrek so much fun doesn't feel so quick or multi almost a decade down the line.
0.6 A delightful animated portrait of Shrek's mid-life crisis and his struggle to find a way to savor the ordinary rhythms of marriage and parenting.
0.6 The novelty may have worn off, but Shrek Forever After gets better as it goes along, and it has its moments.
0.6 People will complain about what Shrek Forever After lacks in comparison to the other three installments, but I will take a drastic reduction in fart jokes and bad puns in favor of some heart any day of the week.
0.75 ...as fun and witty as its predecessors, but the movie has a completely different reason for being.
0.3 The Shrek franchise has officially gone green: Forever After is made from entirely recycled material, and it smells to high heaven.
0.25 If the screaming kids in the theater don't get to you, then the not-too-jolly green ogre's three burping, farting, and also screaming offspring will...
0.5 Forever After isn't as jumbled and irritating as 2007's Shrek the Third, but it's still decidedly pointless.
0.6 The fourth -- and allegedly final -- installment of the 'Shrek' franchise is an improvement over the third, but it won't make us clamor for a fifth.
0.5 Dreamworks seems bored with the ogre who laid the golden egg.
0.5 Shrek the Third made more than $322 million. Why kill the goose that laid the golden egg? Because it's time.
0.4 Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3-D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
0.75 The first summer movie thus far to deliver on its promise to put on a good show.
0.8 Happily, it's a move that revives our aging ogre, and renews his flagging franchise.
0.875 You can see the ending, and even the fantastically corny final line coming the whole time, but when they finally do they still hit hard.
0.5 Shrek Forever After isn't offensive, just innocuous and unnecessary, a supposed final chapter to a series that should have ended two installments ago.
0.9 Shrek is without question the funniest film of the year-at least so far.
0.5 Good enough for the kiddies, but grown-ups may find Part 4 little more than a hollow echo of the original Shrek.
0.6 Goodbye to All That explores divorce in a low-key manner, but it lacks an emotional punch or clear sense of humor to carry it much beyond its repetitive series of sexual trysts.
0.6 Despite its flaws, the first feature from "Junebug" writer Angus MacLachlan is a heartfelt, bittersweet and often amusing portrait of early middle-age.
0.5 Goodbye To All That is mostly just a series of vignettes, detailing Otto's sexual misadventures. And even those don't amount to much.
0.75 There's a lot of good awkward fun to be had as the viewer simultaneously laughs at Otto's expense and hopefully commiserates a bit with him.
0.75 Quirky, slight, whimsical and real, what you'd expect from the screenwriter of "Junebug." A real showcase for the deadpan charms of star Paul Schneider
0.375 If Junebug focused on quieter moments of extended family dynamics, with its city-meets-country clashes delving into resonant, region-specific sensibilities, Angus MacLachlan never goes beyond signpost sentiment.
0.75 Hopefully someday we'll look at Taking Chances as just a flash of a very specific time in our nation's history and we'll be able to laugh at more than just the elements that make it a really solid comedy.
0.8 A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
0.8 As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
1.0 Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
0.9 Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
0.625 ...far from engrossing...
1.0 Wonderful stuff.
1.0 It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
1.0 In a word: Incredible.
0.9 A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
0.8 ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
0.9 The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
0.8 Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
0.875 Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
1.0 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
0.8 The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
0.8 [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
0.8 Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
1.0 E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
0.875 One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
1.0 Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
0.625 A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
0.8 Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
0.75 ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
0.6 Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
1.0 When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
1.0 Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
0.6 What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
0.8 Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
1.0 Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
0.5 An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
0.875 A film so miraculous and so far above its competitors that the Academy Award for Animated Feature Film is no longer a contest.
1.0 Est immediatement devenu mon film de Pixar favori.
1.0 This remarkably entertaining and meaty motion picture is all eye candy and goofy entertainment for children, but underneath lies a biting denunciation on a number of contemporary topics.
0.9 A hilariously fun romp through the everyday lives of comic-book superheroes.
0.875 It's a great and memorable romp that will leave your family feeling super.
0.8 A family-friendly rallying cry against conformity, far more daring than the tastelessness that passes for daring in Team America, but undercut by excessive length.
0.875 The Incredibles, for all its kid-friendly sops, feels like one of the most mature movies currently gracing theaters.
0.75 Gorgeously designed and animated.
0.15 Since it's too much a crowd-pleaser to be critical of the violent payoff that it delivers, it's tough not to take its apparent message seriously.
0.7 Pixar does it again with a comedy/action film about a family of superheroes. The writing is the real attraction. THE INCREDIBLES is subversive, heart-warming, and fun.
0.8 It is trite to say, but the only word to describe this movie is INCREDIBLE!
1.0 Wild, wondrous and utterly disarming ... sweet but never saccharine, freed from the shackles of postmodern irony and cleverness for its own sake.
0.75 The Incredibles isn't. It's a good movie, but it isn't the incredible type of picture we've come to expect from Pixar.
0.75 The show itself runs a little long for an animated feature but finishes in a flurry of special effects that left me dumbfounded. Don't miss it folks.
0.8 Overflows with slapstick and more gentle strains of humor, while a core of genuine emotion that is nothing if not ambitiously nuanced resonates throughout a script.
1.0 Pixar Animation spends an entire year on each of their mammoth productions on the scripts alone. Could this explain why their movies are consistently clever and entertaining?
0.875 As one who's ingested a lot of superhero comics, books, and movies over the years, I can attest that this works as a genuine superhero movie, not just as a family film.
0.875 Outrageously funny and imaginative...the latest thumping thrill ride in the animation genre. A snappy and smart superhero saga that's intriguingly charming in its chaotic mode
1.0 ... the greatest superhero film ever.
0.7 A fun story with some creative characters and plenty of Pixar wit.
0.9 It would be an incredible mistake to miss this film!
0.875 Exemplary mixture of top-notch storytelling, visual razzle-dazzle, accessible humor, and involving action.
0.8 As a collegue told me...it'll do disapointing box office...only about half a billion.....See it.
1.0 Pixar. How do they do it? From the studio that bought you Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc and Finding Nemo comes another blooming masterpiece.
1.0 The dream team of Brad Bird and John Lasseter looks poised to defend family entertainment against mediocrity through what we can only hope will be a long-running franchise.
1.0 Just when you thought you could peg a Pixar film... comes this new feature which takes those elements in a wholly unexpected direction.
0.75 Boundlessly enjoyable, extravagant to look at, and a frequent adrenaline rush.
0.9 I had a heck of a time...I guarantee that money spent here is money spent wisely.
1.0 By far the best of the CGI-animated films in the Disney canon, a wondrous and exciting spectacle that is just as enticing narratively as it is visually.
0.9 [A] brilliantly animated, cleverly written family adventure.
0.9 If you like Pixar or comic book movies, then The Incredibles is required viewing for you.
0.875 Even escapist entertainment this clinically zip-bam-wow should soothe your political burnout.
1.0 Deliriously funny and exciting.
0.875 A brilliant satire on modern American life.
1.0 Not only does 'The Incredibles' advance the art of animation, it takes the genre out of the ballpark.
0.7 Brad Bird's richly imagined, retro-moderne homage to the superhero-fueled daydreams of his youth creates a vibrantly original mythology.
0.8 Families will flock to and enjoy this movie, but it's likely only adults will really get it.
1.0 The best 3-D animated extravaganza since Monsters, Inc.
0.75 The Incredibles, the latest animated wonder from Emeryville's Pixar Animation Studios, will intrigue adults as well as 7-year-olds. In fact, the adults might be more intrigued.
0.75 A real banshee of zip and zoom (and often terrific design), The Incredibles takes off excitingly whenever it moves fast.
0.875 An exceptional film in many ways.
0.9 A visual stunner.
0.875 A genuine laugh riot.
0.6 A spirited state-of-the-art riff on vintage James Bond movies and the superhero ethos of the 1950s and '60s.
1.0 A visually thrilling experience.
0.875 An astonishingly smart satire of superheroes, James Bond movies and, just for fun, socially engineered mediocrity.
0.7 It's witty, clever and pushes the technical limits of computer animation but it's as much an imitator as it is an innovator.
0.7 Like the little boy in The Incredibles who hangs around, slack-jawed, just to see what his superhero neighbours will do next, kids can't seem to get enough of this hyperactive carry-on.
0.75 The Incredibles is so jammed with entertainment that, at two hours, it's almost too much.
0.75 Not only is this a rollicking cartoon joy ride for all the little Olivias and Spencers in your life -- it's a solid film in its own right.
0.875 Pixar's movies may be completely digital, but each one beats with a human heart.
0.75 Another hip-but- wholesome animated family comedy from Hollywood superhero Pixar.
1.0 In addition to being riotously funny, The Incredibles is also extremely exciting.
0.75 The Incredibles is a zippy, visually powerful riff on what happens when a hero feels like a zero.
0.875 Bird has made a traditional action movie full of chases, crashes and stunt work.
0.875 An emotionally resonant, inventively hilarious movie that, oddly, may be its most family-friendly yet.
1.0 Bottom line, The Incredibles has some great funny moments, but it also tells a decent story - and that's the catch when making any kind of movie.
1.0 One of the year's most visually dazzling and emotionally satisfying adventures.
0.875 Here's another example of Pixar's mastery of popular animation.
1.0 A departure for Pixar: longer and a bit grittier ... and created by someone outside the Pixar family. ... But the movie's central elements are pure Pixar.
1.0 Like Elastigirl, Pixar shows it can be pulled in many directions and snap back into shape, invariably vanquishing any challenger that stands in the way.
1.0 A visual feast, a funny, entertaining thrill ride that's the best creation yet from the animation juggernaut better known as Pixar.
0.9 The Incredibles is the finest of Pixar combined with the best parts of Spider-Man, Superman and Batman...plus it's pretty damn funny too.
1.0 certainly the animated movie of the year and, for my money, one of the best times you'll have at the movies all year.
0.7 The funny stuff outweighs the slower parts - it mostly delivers super hero entertainment.
1.0 Visual wonders are just a mind-blowing bonus in a film which uses character-driven hero stories to make something incredibly smart.
0.875 The film proves there are auteurs even within the army-of-collaborators medium that is big-budget animation.
0.75 I can't shake the notion that The Incredibles may not be all it might have been. It stomps all the expected bases instead of streaking by with daring innovation.
0.7 Succeeds not only as a straight-forward action picture with suspense and excitement, but also as a touching and funny story about the importance of family and individuality.
1.0 Wow. I mean, really -- Wow!
1.0 Funny and frantic? Sure -- but The Incredibles is also one of the greatest adventures the movies have given us.
0.875 Brace yourself for something more sophisticated and ... adult. The Incredibles is not cut from the same touchy-feely ... mold as Toy Story, Monsters Inc. or Finding Nemo.
1.0 Amazing, amusing action-adventure.
1.0 The Incredibles is the coolest movie ever made. It rolls Marvel Comics, James Bond and Jonny Quest into the ultimate Saturday morning cartoon sugar buzz.
1.0 I sincerely hope that there's an Incredibles 2 somewhere down the road. These characters are too endearing and way too much fun to be left hanging at the end.
1.0 Simply put, The Incredibles is!
1.0 A brilliant blend of fast-paced comedy, dazzling visuals and heartfelt emotion that put most other contemporary films-animated or otherwise-to shame...
1.0 Pardon me for the Joel Siegel moment, but it's all pretty fricking incredible.
1.0 [An] unprecedented film that is not just a grand feature-length cartoon but a grand feature.
0.8 It's hard to imagine anyone not being utterly enthralled by the timeless charms and dazzling animation prowess of The Incredibles.
0.8 A laugh-out-loud funny, adrenaline-fueled romp.
0.75 Pixar has delivered its first pure action picture, while still managing not to lose sight of its preoccupation with family.
1.0 A movie with the sweet soul of Toy Story and the boisterous spirit of Spy Kids.
0.75 A fun-filled foray into animated action, fantasy and adventure.
0.8 Pixar's new animated action-comedy, about a superhero family stuck in middle-class suburban exile, comes tantalizingly close to greatness.
0.875 A computer-generated animated adventure about retired superheroes, blends action, humor and even a touch of earnest emotion into a dazzling visual package.
0.75 Sharper and smarter than any animation since Shrek 2.
1.0 Phenomenal, magnificent, exuberantly entertaining, and just about any other positive adjective you can think of.
0.875 The Incredibles eventually captures all the right emotional beats, thumping superhero action and poignant moments to make the film, well, almost incredible.
0.875 Incredibles has the hip style and flash of '60s action entertainment, complete with a jazzy score.
0.75 It's not as catchy a title, but The Incredibles is more like The Really Goods.
0.875 The expressions on the characters' faces are so nuanced and complex you feel like you're watching actual people.
0.875 Filled with the kind of funny detail that has become a Pixar trademark.
0.7 The studio's best-ever work with humanoid forms.
0.875 Everything works in this movie.
0.875 It is not merely amazing -- it reflects an imagination just as elaborate as the technology it employs.
0.875 A vivid, sublime parody and valentine to the superhero genre.
0.4 The Incredibles promotes a new moral slogan for our times: The family that fights evil-doers together stays together.
1.0 There is more unexpectedly moving, palpable, identifiable jeopardy and danger for these animated characters than in much of the recent low-rate live-action superhero junk.
0.95 Pixar's track record is Incredible! Yet another great film for kids and adults alike!
1.0 Imaginative, good-versus-evil escapist adventure that will delight both adults and children. A movie that really lives up to its name.
1.0 The Incredibles is awesome, so get ready for a good time. Even the geeks are going to like it!
0.875 While delivering the goods as a rip-roaring action-adventure and in the process rocketing the art of animation to new heights of imagination, humor and wonder, director-writer Brad Bird has crafted a film that breaks fresh ground and defies fogy rules.
0.75 The animation is as lush and colorful as usual, and a lock for an Oscar nomination for best animated film is as much of a lock as a scorching Arizona summer.
1.0 as stylish as Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow but with more depth, and as giddy as Toy Story but with more of a soul
0.875 it's difficult to imagine anyone who won't be thoroughly entertained by this terrific family adventure.
0.625 [Pixar's] first feature to lack the winsome pizzaz that makes for mandatory repeat viewing...(but will still) entertain enough to justify the price of a movie ticket.
1.0 Every great movement begins with one glorious bound...over tall buildings or otherwise.
0.75 From first frame to last the effects are flawlessly detailed and the design fabulously executed.
1.0 Strong story and animation, excellent dialogue, interesting pace dynamics, action, love, and some pretty potent thought nuggets -- this is entertainment!
0.78 still indicative of a genre in its infancy, nowhere near as steadfastly classic as the cream of the cell-animated crop. Brilliant stuff, but not outstanding.
0.875 An epic battle between conformity and exceptionality in The Incredibles, which will be catnip for superhero buffs and a great time at the movies for everyone else.
1.0 Incredible by name and incredible by nature -- brilliantly acted, wonderfully animated and hysterically funny throughout, this is one of the best films of the year. Unmissable.
0.6 Despite first-rate CGI animation and some clever atomic 50s-style art direction, [it] commits the worst cinematic sin of all, it's tepid.
1.0 La mejor cinta de animacion 3D jamas realizada.
0.9 The "comics" of the 21st century--in the fullest sense of the term. If you don't love it I've got a nice flat for you on Mars. Meanwhile, there's a new bonanza on the block.
1.0 So full of heart and soul that you can actually feel it becoming a classic while you're watching it.
0.75 The Incredibles may fight to save the world, but they teach us to know thyself.
0.8 Underrated.
0.5 For all the nudity and sexual content, Philip Saville's unoriginal and predictable film is, at its core, no different from one you'd find premiering on network television.
0.6 A moving film about the compromises of adulthood, but perhaps a little too earnest.
0.375 There's nothing extraordinary about Metroland.
0.8 Extraterrestrial comes out of left field with characteristic charm and unexpected plotlines, but it delights nonetheless.
0.5 On the whole, Extraterrestrial is slight, filled with lots of bark but little bite.
0.6 It's easy to settle in for the oddball charms of this tale of love among the ruins.
0.625 Even though it's not entirely successful, there is an undeniably oddball charm on display.
0.4 A tiresome roundelay of lies, lust and leaping paranoia.
0.625 As comedies go, it's as dry as bleached bones in the desert, but you can't blame Vigalondo for taking another shot at cleverness.
0.6 Quirky, but infinitely more interesting than big-budget Hollywood cousins.
0.875 In almost every respect, Extraterrestrial is an exceptional and traditional romantic comedy. It just happens to be set during an alien invasion.
0.6 It is a comedy written for an adult audience that does not pander to an "adult" audience.
0.7 Alien invasion aficionados would do well to avoid but if you're a fan of the comedy of discomfort with a slacker vibe and a hint of romance, Extraterrestrial certainly has charms.
0.375 Extraterrestrial is, in the final analysis, nothing short of a disaster.
0.4 This film plays it too safe and brings you only a smidgeon of charm and laughter.
0.5 This is the broad, silly kiddie exercise it appears to be.
0.5 Lame.
0.6 If you're still awake by the end credits, Chan's out-takes are sadly the funniest thing in this inane, silly and below-par effort. This one is for kids only.
0.1 The woeful screenplay, the mundane direction, by Brian Levant, and the indifferent acting all combine to sink a stupid plot which should never have got off the ground.
0.4 Chan has just enough friendly charm to transcend this rubbish.
0.6 Tongue-in-cheek entertainment...
0.5 [It] may be a sign that age has finally caught up with this once most agile of action heroes.
0.4 A movie that posits Billy Ray Cyrus as a techno-genius and allows the baddies to get away with Russian accents that would put most meerkats to shame.
0.4 The results are always less than hilarious.
0.2 Only Chan's charm saves it.
0.4 The closing credit outtakes are the best part of this feeble effort.
0.2 When people moan about the world's worst film-makers, the names Uwe Boll and Joel Schumacher invariably come up. If Brian Levant has escaped such infamy, it's only by sticking under the radar with kiddie-litter.
0.4 This is hewn straight from the same, rickety old domestic-crisis formula which was never funny the first time round.
0.2 Even the outtakes barely raise a smile.
0.4 When even the out-take bloopers over the final credits are weak, you know you've got a pretty under-par Jackie Chan movie on your hands.
0.4 It's low on laughs and is almost undone by an irritating child performance from Will Shadley.
0.4 Just normal, common- or-garden, ready-salted bad.
0.6 Filled with slapstick guffaws, dodgy accents and copious pratfalls, Brian Levant's light-hearted action comedy succeeds because it stays true to what it actually is: a kids' movie.
0.4 You have been warned.
0.4 Chan is still likeable ... but he's on his own.
0.5 Not as good as it should be but not as bad as I thought it would be, "The Spy Next Door" is an average actioner geared toward kids.
0.5 The Spy Next Door is inane, but Jackie Chan manages to make it bearable.
0.5 Chan's action moves are becoming a little rehearsed looking but the man still has charm
0.2 The movie is, understandably, an incompetence pile.
0.3 Tedious and tiresome, it's not surprising that the gag reel over the concluding credits is funnier than the 90 minutes that preceded it.
0.5 The Spy Next Door is bland, unassuming stuff for the kiddies. But few family films have Jackie Chan at their disposal.
0.4 won't give the kiddies nightmares, but might make their parents long for a triple-feature of some of Chan's greatest hits once they get home
0.5 Those old enough to resist can expect to be impressed anyway by the on-screen energy levels of both Chan and Valletta. They make their work look like fun.
0.375 At some point, the social mores that functionally banned most other forms of ethnic stereotyping will catch up with the Slavs, a sad day indeed for middling screenwriters.
0.4 Jackie Chan family flick high on stunts but low on laughs.
0.25 Chan's comedic gifts and still-nimble moves are wasted in a string of unimaginative household calamities and practical jokes.
0.2 As for Mr. Chan, he has some passably choreographed bits with folding chairs, a bicycle and, later, some pots and pans at Gillian's house. But it's hardly enough to redeem -- or even make bearable -- this half-hearted hodgepodge.
0.1 It seemed as if all of the actors were reading their dialogue from a cue card. The Spy Next Door is already one of the worst films of 2010. Horrible.
0.5 Still fit and doing quite a few of his own stunts, Chan is an action hero with considerable charm.
0.2 The script -- which took three people to write -- is barely coherent, and it's unclear whether Brian Levant was even on set when he directed. All that's left for us to enjoy are the action scenes, and frankly most of those are a little depressing.
0.5 Chan is actually a fairly likeable hero and his elocution, never great, is at least passable in this latest romp.
0.25 Duller than a Monday night at the cobweb museum...
0.375 Yet another lazily kid-pleasing comedy about a man unprepared for fatherhood who's suddenly saddled with children who hate his guts and whom he must win over in order to make time with their hot single mom.
0.0 Nobody of Chan's legendary stature should ever have to play second banana to George Lopez, and certainly not in a film that was already made five years ago with Vin Diesel (see: The Pacifier).
0.2 Chan and Valletta have the opposite of chemistry.
0.1 There was no good reason for [Chan] to sign on for empty product like this.
0.625 The plot may be forgettable, but the execution is frantic and funny.
0.2 a mindless waste of time
0.7 An entertaining comedy loaded with action and laughs for all ages. It's forgivably silly, cartoonish and far from a classic, but nonetheless feels fast, funny, fresh and harmless.
0.5 Cornball and always predictable, but also generally cheerful and good-natured. For the less demanding, The Spy Next Door could be a lot worse.
0.375 Chan's traditional gag reel that rolls with the final credits offers the most entertainment.
0.25 The Spy Next Door makes The Pacifier look like Citizen Kane.
0.375 The film's so formulaic your 6-year-old will be ticking off the plot points as they lope by.
0.4 In all, The Spy Next Door won't be regarded as anything but a minor effort in Chan's stateside repertoire, though its better moments should go a long way toward winning the ageless Chan a new audience of adoring youngsters.
0.375 Chan's new all-ages vehicle is smooth like oatmeal. It's hard to imagine anyone being offended, except fans of good comedy.
0.2 This corny action comedy isn't just lame on the Jackie Chan scale. It's lame on the George Lopez scale. That's bad.
0.375 The Spy Next Door is precisely what you would expect from a PG-rated Jackie Chan comedy with that plot. If that's what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed. It's not what I was looking for.
0.125 It's pitched at a pre-teen audience -- the only kind likely to enjoy Levant's cheap misfire.
0.2 Everything about the movie is sub-sitcom level.
0.25 Limp and lifeless, this Next Door neighbor should be evicted to DVD.
0.0 Following in Mr. Nanny and The Pacifier's turgid footsteps, Brian Levant's film mushifies Chan into a comedic parody of his rock-'em-sock-'em big-screen persona.
0.7 The tribal council has spoken: this is a funny movie.
0.5 Reality TV, says one character in Greg Pritikin's Surviving Eden, makes you stupid and ill. The movie tries hard to prove it.
0.6 This comedy could use some polishing. With a little more style it could have been better, but there is a decent film inside this one somewhere.
0.3 Although early scenes hold out some promise that this parody of Survivor could amount to something, the movie quickly runs out of ideas.
0.5 Only Lynch's over-the-top network executive stands out in this otherwise bland film that tries for satire but neglects to be funny.
0.125 Surviving Eden is the sort of hapless vanity project where even the outtakes at the end aren't funny.
0.375 Writer/director Greg Pritikin has created a reality-TV satire as clueless as the self-impressed 'stars' it scorns.
0.3 No script, no stars, no nothing. What could go wrong?..Just because nothing did doesn't mean that the film is good.
0.2 Writer-director Greg Pritkin ('Dummy') offers up a parody that's less enjoyable than the stuff he's mocking.
0.375 The movie insists that we care deeply about its sad sack protagonist as some sort of Chaplin-esque victim of vanity and greed. But neither Pritkin's conception nor Panes' performance warrants such sympathy.
0.375 That it has nothing novel to say about the subject matter it's skewering is the film's largest failing.
0.7 A messy script isn't enough to undermine these clever veteran actors, who manage to make the most of the humour, drama and action without ever losing their dignity.
0.6 Stand Up Guys probably won't appeal to anyone whose father hasn't got friends of pensionable age.
0.4 It's depressing to see the likes of Pacino reduced to making erectile dysfunction jokes, more so when the film labours the gag by having him overdose on Viagra.
0.6 There's sharp dialogue and the odd, startling moment of emotional intimacy scattered amidst the dreck; enough to make this a solidly entertaining couple of hours if you try resolutely not to think about it too hard.
0.7 Frankly, if you put Al Pacino, Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin in your movie, you don't really need to worry about the script: we'd happily watch them do just about anything on-screen.
0.4 Think what they might have achieved with better material.
0.4 An initially promising, increasingly glutinous buddy comedy that exploits and squanders the talents of its starry cast.
0.6 With a little bit of chutzpah and a fistful of Viagra, the tough guys of yesteryear can still come staggering back to make a decent movie.
0.6 A rewarding mash-up of Last of the Summer Wine and Goodfellas.
0.2 You'd think that septuagenarians Al Pacino and Christopher Walken would still have enough self-respect left in the tank to steer clear of debacles like this.
0.75 There's much entertainment ... in watching a trio of great actors in the twilight of their careers, at work with a strong script.
0.6 Stand Up Guys is very much an old man's film, but Stevens just about delivers the performances that its ageing audience demands.
0.86 It's hardly great, but it's refreshingly old school.
0.65 There's something about Stand Up Guys that's both brilliant and poignant.
0.1 ...to watch Al Pacino overact with such a deficient script and lackluster directing is agony no moviegoer should be required to endure.
0.6 There are no real surprises and not a lot of drama in Stand Up Guys, but since the actors not delivering the goods are septuagenarians Christopher Walken, Al Pacino and Alan Arkin, you're in for a show nonetheless.
0.875 For a film about coming to terms with death, Stand Up Guys is funnier than you might expect, and never once sinks into sentimental treacle.
0.5 Throw in Alan Arkin and this would seem to be a promising premise, but the dialogue didn't click and the film just meanders through it's one evening.
0.58 If it wasn't for the talent on screen I may have been bored by this, but hey, you hired these guys for a reason, right?
0.4 Wobbly and contrived: given that cast, it could have and should have been so much better.
0.625 Some actors don't need top-shelf material. Just the pleasure of their company is enough. And so Al Pacino, Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin turn the insubstantial Stand Up Guys into solid entertainment.
0.5 There's not much to the story beyond its thin conceit, so the filmmaker relies on his stars' charms. Even when it comes to Oscar winners, that approach only gets you so far.
0.625 It's just fun to watch Pacino, Walken and Arkin work together, very much enjoying the shared experience. Seeing Stand Up Guys is an offer you could easily refuse, but hey, why fight it?
0.5 Stand Up Guys needs a Grumpy Old Men-ectomy, stat.
0.6 Stand Up Guys gets caught up in stereotypical old-timer laughs but its principal cast shakes them off and ultimately makes the experience fulfilling.
0.8 Reminds us Hollywood rarely turns out actors like this anymore.
0.875 A small film featuring three wily, veteran screen thespians in a storyline based in loyalty and friendship, Stand Up Guys is, in its offbeat and often warm way, a killer little movie.
0.625 If actor-turned-director Fisher Stevens pushes the geriatric comedy too hard at times, at others he's wise to lay back and let the actors just work.
0.625 A thoughtful little buddy caper comedy that wisely exploits the audience's natural affection for its aging stars.
0.5 Cycles through too many haphazard and improbable set-ups to amount to anything more than a collection of signed offer sheets in search of a movie.
0.5 The awfulness of the narrative is plain to see, and yet...no one can say Stand Up Guys lacks personality.
1.0 If you don't think Al Pacino still has it in him, this is a welcome chance to be proved wrong.
0.5 The degree to which "Stand Up Guys" succeeds at all is completely dependent on Walken, who elevates everything around him by seemingly doing nothing at all.
0.625 Not a great movie, but it's fun to watch Pacino and Walken make an effort.
0.6 The script is clunky, the story is contrived -- but old pros Walken and Pacino are an absolute pleasure to watch working together.
0.375 The movie is all over the place in terms of tone and only finds something resembling honesty when it drops the embarrassing shtick of crude comedy and lost-glory adventuring.
0.2 Guys has the lax, sleep-deprived vibe of one of those end-of-the-show "experimental" sketches on Saturday Night Live.
0.375 It's been a long time since a movie wasted as much talent as Stand Up Guys, a film that aims to be a geezer Goodfellas but whose execution is a misfire.
0.75 Makes its way under your skin thanks to its three lead actors, all of whom have a way of bringing a uniquely weirdly spin to their not-so-tough-guy lines.
0.625 I can't argue that performers the stature of Pacino, Walken and Arkin don't deserve better material, yet it's so nice to have them onscreen together I'm in no mood to quibble.
0.5 "Stand Up Guys" is mostly a string of low-key, almost-amusing chats over breakfast tables and pool tables, as if just watching these actors exhale should be entertaining enough.
0.5 There's far too much meandering here for it to make much of an impact. If [Heidle] had buckled down and concentrated on the most important element of the story, he really could have had an intriguing character study.
0.625 Just because "Stand Up Guys" is not very good is no reason not to see it.
0.5 Elegiac and corny and not really convincing on any level ...
0.5 With these legendary dudes on duty, this otherwise dark and dingy movie has some geriatric electricity to turn the lights on.
0.375 It's like watching your grandfather get naked on YouTube.
0.6 In the end Stevens, probably wisely, just gets out of the way and lets the old guys have a ball.
0.4 A huge mess, lurching through jarring shifts in tone and never really succeeding in any of them.
0.5 Clearly, neither writer Noah Haidle nor director Fisher Stevens knows what he's doing but they do, at least, appear to realize how lucky they are to have three old pros in their leading roles.
0.25 An excruciating and melodramatic comedy.
0.25 Arkin in particular can barely hide his lack of enthusiasm for the material. Some of the looks he shoots his co-stars appear to contain a secret code of some kind, deciphered as: 'Well, at least I'm in 'Argo.'"
0.875 Sometimes it's all about the casting.
0.375 The old man and the Cialis.
0.4 I will continue to hold out hope for a good Pacino/Walken team-up in the future, but with writing this rote and unremarkable, Stand Up Guys is just as flaccid as its main character's penis.
0.375 Has Al Pacino ever looked so small?
0.4 A clever concept squandered on a mediocre screenplay and an inexperienced director.
0.625 There's enough humor and tenderness in Fisher Stevens' film to make it a passably enjoyable experience for the most part.
0.5 A fine cast stumbles and falls and never quite gets back up again.
0.73 For those in step with Stand Up Guys' hokey comedy, there is a lot to enjoy.
0.5 Really, what do the actors have to work with here? The movie isn't funny enough to allow them to burlesque their images, or serious enough to give them a way to reflect upon them ...
0.25 Painful, misshapen and a little gross. It's an enlarged prostate of a movie.
0.625 Fails to plumb the dramatic depths of its setups, but every now and then the actors pick up the slack, filling in the blanks with three decades's worth of mythic resonance.
0.6 Despite some predictable predicaments - and the inevitable Viagra joke - the film is clever in the way it deals with the high cost of mob connections and the even higher cost of old age.
0.6 Most of the modest pleasures are in the ways the men expertly play off one another and invest their shallow characters with more depth than any filmmaker could reasonably expect.
0.4 Pacino - embracing painful Viagra jokes with abrasive, motor-mouthed energy - either needs better gigs or stronger guidance.
0.2 This moronically unfunny gangster comedy fluctuates wildly between the lowest-of-low humor and pity-the-aged-man pathos, and offers further evidence that the best days are behind its iconic cast members.
0.65 If this film poses any questions that aren't simply redundant at this point, it's the film's frank look at age and the abrasive acknowledgement of time...
0.4 It is harmless and there are a still a few chuckles to be found in this light, bubbly confection of a film - perfect for lazy Sunday afternoon viewing.
0.5 There is way too much going on. Parallel stories for all of these characters mean most all of them aren't fully developed.
0.6 The elder actors are, of course, perfect. They never overplay the comedy or the drama, and this reserve works in counterpoint to Dev Patel's high-energy patter.
0.7 Satisfyingly soapy sequel, culminating in a gloriously pseudo-Bollywood dance spectacle....
0.75 Mostly it's a chance to hear some saucy senior citizens trade barbs, with the delightful dames, Dench and Smith, making the most of it.
0.83 ...a sweet and often funny movie populated by likable actors who know their business.
0.8 Not up to the original and probably doesn't need to exist at all, but this follow-up is certainly a fine way to spend a couple of hours with our old friends from the first movie.
0.625 Shows little strain in maintaining its cute factor, thanks to the drily winning personalities of the likes of Smith, Dench, Nighy, and the comic ebullience of Patel.
0.375 ...the ugly attitude within The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is well-deserving of some humbling, especially as it strives to put people in their place, and not in a guest management way.
0.5 The new film affirms the idea that the hotel is a sort of pre-heaven heaven, an autumnal "opportunity for life and for passing on the value of that life to others."
0.625 A pleasant, if predictable, romantic romp laced with far more mirth than sophistication or substance.
0.8 Often motivated by financial greed, many sequels satiate businesspeople while disappointing moviegoers. But "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" manages to buck the often-botched sequel trend with yet another naturally charming film.
0.5 The filmmakers can't be faulted for a sequel, but they can be blamed for saddling their stunning cast with this half-baked, 80's sitcom-level, shell of a script. No one will be visiting The Third Best Exotic Marigold Hotel without some real renovations.
0.4 Crass, strident and over-done, second-rate second best.
0.7 As far as sequels go this second-go-round for what sounded like a one-shot deal is actually a nice step up from the delights of the first film.
0.625 Despite good stuff, the movie sputters, drags, and lurches from episode to episode, juggling way too many characters and plot complications without having much reason for existing.
0.625 The film bests its predecessor, although, to be sure, the difference is slender.
0.5 Definitely second best, and not in a good way.
0.4 There's a sweetness to the proceedings that never quite overpowers the melancholy of maturity, and a sympathy for human frailty that stops just short of suggesting that anything goes once everything starts to go.
0.5 The most unnecessary sequel since COCOON:THE RETURN.
0.75 Sure, it has the comfy vibe of the familiar, but it's all in feel-good fun.
0.625 The actors are again terrific, but the syrup and superficiality of the first film, too, are back in this unnecessary sequel.
0.875 As in the first film, when the going gets a little too soapy or overly maudlin, the cast of mostly old pros elevate the material with the sheer force of their collective skill.
0.4 The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel caters to those who enjoyed the first film, but has otherwise completely lost what made the original film somewhat special. The humor is so unfunny that you'll be clawing your eyes out in frustration.
0.625 A bit like a second linty mint delivered from the depths of your grandmom's cardigan pocket: sweet but, really, no need.
0.6 Great cast, but sequel doesn't match original's charm.
0.625 The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is exactly that - second best.
0.8 Anyone who liked the first won't be disappointed with the sequel. Added to the story and the fine acting is the eye-popping color that is so typical of Bollywood...closing with a wonderful dance involving the entire cast.
0.75 When it does what it does well, it does it really well, and once again, it has a dreamy ensemble that has the ability to rise above the material itself.
0.75 With the cast of personalities established in the previous film, the sequel is a pleasant enough meander through the boroughs of character.
0.5 The same problems as the first film also re-occur, and this time they're a bit more glaring.
0.7 Kudos to John Madden for doing a sequel that isn't worn out super heroes or so-so sci-fi. The movie works but is still the second best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
0.4 It's as sweet at the first but is too content to repeat itself. The result: a blend of amiability and aimlessness that helps it lives down to the "second best" in its title.
0.5 Maggie Smith, who is so sincere as Muriel, manages to make the film bearable as it comes to an emotional conclusion leaving you with a small, but definitely present, lump in your throat.
0.625 All manner of subplots weave their way through the film, which teems with "colorful" characters and saccharine cliches. But, like the first film, it's next to impossible not to find diversion in the company of such stalwarts as Dench and Nighy and Smith.
0.5 The only significant thing to discuss about the movie is how familiar it is...
0.7 Because I found the original movie so engaging, I enjoyed finding out what has happened, and what is to come, in the lives of these characters.
0.75 Suffice to say, if you enjoyed the first Hotel you'll be equally taken with the second. And if you attended the first with low expectations and came back disappointed -- well, consider that a warning.
0.5 Sure, it's pat and occasionally patronizing and too adorable by half, but it's also a rare, optimistic portrait of aging that suggests it can be a productive, erotically charged time of life.
0.6 Sequels often get a bad rap for being nothing more than the same thing redone a subsequent time. In the case of The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, it's a fair cop
0.5 The storyline of the sequel ends up tying itself in knots, and the addition of a splashy, expensive-looking Bollywood musical number just underlines the lack of perspective.
0.625 If news of the sequel made you reminisce about the halcyon days of summer 2012, your hope is rewarded.
0.625 A mildly diverting trifle, notable for its stunning setting and some deft performances but crammed with too many forgettable subplots.
0.5 Overall it's the cinematic equivalent of warm oatmeal: It goes down easy, but has almost no flavor.
0.4 Compared to the adventurously life-affirming and death-acknowledging honesty of its heartfelt predecessor, this film literally comes in second in every regard.
0.625 Madden doesn't do much to make these characters pop and sizzle as they managed to do occasionally in the slightly grittier original.
0.625 When such consummate actors as Maggie Smith, Judi Dench, Bill Nighy and Penelope Wilton show up together in a movie, even a sequel as wobbly as this one, you'd be wise to just sit back and behold.
0.75 As with the original, Dench, Smith, Nighy and the rest of the standout senior ensemble cast are a joy to watch and the setting, gorgeously lensed by cinematographer Ben Smithard, will have more than one person staring wistfully at their suitcases ...
0.625 Bland and familiar.
0.75 The acting of course is first-rate, and the movie mostly preserves the original warmth and wit of the original.
0.5 Madden has stripped away the socio-economic context from the first film and turned the sequel into some kind of thinly rationed romantic comedy.
0.6 It's asked in the film, "How many new lives can we have?" The answer, it turns, is however many we want. And as long as Dench, Smith, Nighy and Imrie stick around, the same probably is true of "Marigold" movies.
0.6 While it's not as good as its predecessor, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel still skates by on the delightful charm of its ensemble cast.
0.375 Madden's movie is crammed with so many characters that we never spend enough quality time with any of them for their stories to resonate. While the many attempts at poignancy feel forced and false, the effort as a whole feels like it will never end.
0.8 Watching the film you just want to relax and settle back. It's the cinematic equivalent of a warm bath.
0.625 "Second Best" offers little you couldn't write yourself, but it does so with respectable level of craft. The appeal lies in the ensemble playing.
0.75 This sequel's very existence is a reminder that life goes on - and stays sexy, silly, dramatic and fun - long after everyone else tells you that the best times are over.
0.5 What little edge this tale had has been rubbed right off for this stale, slow and mirthless sequel
0.5 There's nothing exotic and definitely nothing "best" about this unnecessary sequel which has a mustier smell than grandma's attic.
0.75 I can see no real reason for a sequel to the delicious 2011 hit The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. It was perfect the first time around. But the second jog around the track passes the time pleasantly enough.
0.375 Second best by a distressingly large margin, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a pointless sequel to an overlong but charming little comedy that was never designed to launch a franchise.
0.4 Yes, there are good moments from a team of veteran British actors, but overall, this return visit to the 2012 gray-set rom-com is deadly dull.
0.8 A delightful visit with old friends and a chance to see how they are faring.
0.5 The cast, as expected, does what they can with the thin material-which is to say, not much.
0.6 Nighy, Dench and Smith effortlessly complicate their thin business with deep notes of regret and longing - feelings the blue-print of a screenplay could never dream of turning into words or actions.
0.75 If there is such a thing as a warm-bath movie, The Second Best Marigold Hotel defines it. Judi Dench, Maggie Smith and Bill Nighy just get better with age in a mild comedy that celebrates life to the very end.
0.5 Look, they're all doing it to hang out and talk about when Gielgud farted in the fourth act of Lear. It's a crass cash-in, but these old thespians are charming as hell, and the movie coasts breezily by on that alone, which is just enough.
0.75 If the first film felt like snuggling up with a warm blanket, this one is like sipping a comforting cup of warm tea.
0.625 Like its predecessor, the film is a charming example of what great actors can do with mediocre material.
0.6 Whether by design or accident, the follow-up actually achieves a slight improvement upon the original in most of the departments that matter.
0.6 The ramshackle but likable results will go down well with a cup of tea at what will doubtless be packed matinee screenings.
0.4 The sequel to a film about old age is more old age.
0.7 Fans of the first film (of which I am one) will be pleased to know Madden and his terrific ensemble cast deliver more of the same. We are talking feelgood with a capital F.
0.6 The movie delivers all of the expected elements, only more so. And who will complain about the Dames, Judi and Maggie, bowling a few good salty lines at each other?
0.4 Hang on! This is the Hotel Inspectors episode of Fawlty Towers with Gere playing the Bernard Cribbins role.
0.6 Those who enjoyed, or at least stayed awake for, the first film will be well satisfied, for product continuity has been maintained perfectly.
0.6 Full of mild pleasures.
0.6 Although The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is hardly groundbreaking it offers a very welcome opportunity to renew acquaintance with the characters we met and fell in love with three years ago.
0.6 This perfectly amiable comedy sequel can never quite transcend its own Saga holiday brochure-style complacency.
0.4 If The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was the cinematic equivalent of a comforting chicken tikka masala ready meal, then its sequel has been left in the freezer too long and reheated to lukewarm.
0.8 Another irresistible swirl of heart-warming life lessons, funny valentines and intoxicating local Indian colour, this captivating sequel is not second best at all, more a worthy companion piece to the 2011 crowd-pleaser.
0.6 Though still treacly, still exasperatingly sentimental and stereotypical, this follow-up to the first Exotic Marigold Hotel turns out to be rather better.
0.8 The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was often referred to as 'The Avengers for pensioners'. Which I suppose would make this follow-up 'Age of Ultron for pensioners'.
0.4 A return to that sunny outpost for the elderly and infirm ushers lightly diminishing returns.
0.6 This is one hotel that's not checking out anytime soon.
0.5 While the sequel isn't bad, it lives up to its name as Second Best.
0.6 A badly under-developed script leaves a fine cast without much to do in this sequel to the 2012 hit...
0.6 This is pure wish fulfilment for retirees, an over-the-rainbow, Monsoon Wedding fantasy to break the monotony of trips to the Co-op, endless cups of tea and Countdown in the afternoon.
0.7 Retaining the waspish asides of the first movie but able to bring much more fragility to the fore, Smith effortlessly exposes a contradictory combination of fear and bravery that many older people will find familiar.
0.6 The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a perfectly serviceable comedy for the retirement crowd, but it has a troubling undercurrent of cultural awkwardness that's too hard to ignore.
0.6 Silver fox Richard Gere is the magic card up the filmmakers' sleeve for this warm if rambling sequel.
0.6 The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel squeaks through on its positivity and humour, with its sharp wit and trite wisdom delivered by a cast who could give a party political broadcast integrity and emotional impact.
0.6 While not without its charms, Marigold 2 is a pretty naked cash-in.
0.6 The Second Best Exotic Hotel barely skates by on the strength of its older cast members, which of course is "the reason for the season" anyway.
0.6 This is undemanding, misty-eyed stuff; carried through by its seasoned, thoroughbred performers.
0.6 In the first film, India was effectively a brightly coloured obstacle course for the characters to blunder through. This time, we get to see it as the prize.
0.5 Fans of the original movie may be more forgiving of the weak storytelling and the awkward performances that make up this lackluster sequel.
0.6 If West Hollywood really is this bad, why are there so many people around to make so many movies about it?
0.2 That assertion that it's made for kids and therefore due for a "break" makes no freaking sense to me. Children deserve better than this garbage.
