0.8 Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting.
1.0 The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels.
0.6 There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film.
0.8 Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood.
1.0 The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining.
0.8 Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity.
0.8 The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce.
0.6 It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff.
0.8 For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch.
1.0 Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished.
1.0 Sick! Sick! Sick!
0.7 While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter.
0.875 the grandious acting makes up for every flaw
1.0 as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come
0.8 A chilling, disturbing movie.
0.8 Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting.
0.8 ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances
0.4 There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two.
0.6 It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun
0.8 A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star.
0.8 It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim.
1.0 The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age.
0.8 Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world.
1.0 The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece.
0.6 Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses.
0.8 Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache.
1.0 Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short.
1.0 It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation.
1.0 This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.
1.0 Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.
0.875 The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers.
0.7 Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.
0.87 The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist.
1.0 The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film.
1.0 Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed.
1.0 Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.
0.875 A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people.
1.0 This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies.
1.0 It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time.
1.0 A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam.
0.6 A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us.
0.8 Draggy and devastating by turns
0.6 Overlong, but with moments of greatness.
0.9 Brutally memorable.
0.8 Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting.
1.0 Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed
0.4 Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever.
1.0 One of the greatest war films of all time.
1.0 A brilliant war movie with stunning performances.
0.9 A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends.
0.92 The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable.
0.9 [It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war.
0.8 After Columbine, this dark comedy isn't as funny.
0.75 Heathers, with all its flagrant masochism and violence, is a throwback to a more innocent time, where such films could be made and still be deemed over the top fantasy.
1.0 Two decades later, Heathers is so on the money, with its vague but unmistakable parallels to several school shootings, that it could never be made today.
0.875 Dark, cynical, but deliciously funny, Heathersis a fascinating look not just at high school but at the way we look at high school.
0.875 fantastic
1.0 An amazing black satire filled with vicious biting words that snap like firecrackers.
0.8 Scathing and hilarious.
0.8 Viciously delicious cult classic, flip side of "The Breakfast Club."
0.6 Blistering comedy run aground by cop-out ending.
0.8 Lehman's delightfully dark and deranged take on adolescent angst and isolation. Heathers is heuristic in its haughty examination of teenaged alienation
0.6 A wonderful savage satire on high school life.
0.9 A poisoned candy apple that'll bring a sardonic smile to the lips of those who remember it and entertain those who haven't experienced it before.
0.8 This film is dark as night but great fun, taking teen issues by the scruff of the neck and holding them up as the rather unpleasant exhibits they are.
0.875 The points it makes about the violence-prone absurdity of American adolescence are perhaps even more incisive today than they were [in 1989].
0.625 For a long time, we're not even sure of the point of view: Is this a black comedy about murder or just a cynical morality play? The traveler in the foreign country is not sure, but he knows the film inspires thought.
1.0 The perfect 80's film, and it has the legs to still do it today.
0.9 A scathing lambasting of the American teen in the late 1980s, but its presence will be timeless.
0.4 Immaculate execution in every detail of one poor conception after another... uninspired, arrogant, and lazy.
0.6 Cool original camp. This is a fun little movie.
0.6 It's Back to the Beach writ saucy.
0.5 It's all enjoyable enough, but it's played so broadly that it loses whatever impact it might have had.
0.8 Sharp satire. Great fun.
0.65 A funny tongue-in-cheek comedy, cinematic commentary and murder mystery all rolled in to one.
0.6 It may be fluff, but it's knowing, relatively enjoyable fluff.
0.3 It's too much filmed theater to come alive fully on the screen.
0.7 A promising recipe for comedy that goes flat in the execution.
0.6 Has a great look, but its broad laughs at the expense of '50s and '60s cultural naivete aren't really all that clever.
0.6 An enjoyable, if weightless, romp.
0.9 Not since Rocky Horror has the film world produced such a vibrant farce of teen angst, violence, and sexual deviance.
0.8 Wonderfully campy entertainment that doesn't ask anything of its viewers.
0.8 The sort of movie that even today's superstars might love to slum around in.
0.625 It's best to just relax and enjoy the Party.
0.8 It definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge.
0.625 ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work.
0.8 A valentine from one director to a famous team of others.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it.
0.6 It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!).
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this?
0.6 An interesting interpretation but stick with the original.
0.375 A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes.
0.75 Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP.
0.5 A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches.
0.375 Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters.
0.5 A whimsical but fizzled experiment.
0.5 Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story.
0.5 What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle.
0.4 The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material.
0.25 It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess.
0.25 It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions.
0.8 It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that.
0.5 Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona.
0.2 The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip.
0.48 There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film.
0.6 The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation.
0.25 Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness.
0.75 For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust.
0.625 Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick.
0.5 There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere.
0.5 A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love.
0.5 Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself.
0.625 The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations.
0.6 That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure.
0.7 Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism.
0.4 Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing.
0.5 A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration.
0.8 So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies!
0.625 When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet?
0.4 This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors.
0.41 Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch.
0.9 a lot of fun for fans of the science fiction and horror genres
1.0 One hundred minutes of pure queer celebration that manages to concoct a bizarre cocktail of sincerity and reckless abandon.
0.8 It's like art-rockers Roxy Music let loose on Frankenstein - ludicrous, but oddly compelling. And it even stars Meat Loaf.
0.6 A great midnight movie experience in the theaters, but the film itself is a bit of a bore.
0.75 The film itself is a lot of fun -- but the audience-participation phenomenon has turned it into a one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.
0.6 Best seen with wild crowd at midnight. Otherwise, nope.
0.625 Viewed on video simply as a movie, without the midnight sideshow, it's cheerful and silly, and kind of sweet, and forgettable.
0.9 A very good film in its own right; it's a triumph of clever filmmaking by Jim Sharman, who should have gone on to bigger things.
0.0 I'm betting most fans have never really watched the film, they being distracted by the parade of guys in fishnets and flying toast.
0.6 Strange, unique, and one-of-a-kind... provided you see it under the right conditions.
0.875 Great music, over the top acting, extremely original. Without a doubt a one of a kind.
0.81 Love it or hate it, this is a trip you're likely never going to forget.
1.0 Oh, the horror!
0.75 a dizzying experience, made all the more so if you are lucky enough to see it in a theater with a crowd who knows all the lyrics, dance moves, and proper audience responses to yell back at the screen
0.7 ...the king of the hill of midnight movies, the undisputed champion of camp, the consummate cult classic.
0.8 For those willing to experiment with something a little bit different, a little bit outre, The Rocky Horror Picture Show has a lot to offer.
0.9 Every once in a while it's fun to just sit back, go wild, dress up in garters and watch a messed up movie.
0.3 This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now.
0.7 The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there.
0.5 Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel.
0.375 We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do.
0.1 Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock!
0.6 It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette.
0.75 It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.'
0.3 The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker.
0.8 The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater.
0.375 "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that.
0.5 You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite.
0.45 The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material.
0.5 You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater.
0.4 A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals.
0.4 For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format
0.4 The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you.
0.6 Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars.
0.4 The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is.
0.0 It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements.
0.4 Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals.
0.4 The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters.
0.625 It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before.
0.75 It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing.
0.8 What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them.
0.75 No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here.
0.9 I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy.
0.25 As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff.
0.75 Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way.
0.6 Se este fosse o primeiro episodio da serie a chegar aos cinemas, ela nao teria alcancado o status e a longevidade que conseguiu nos ultimos 20 anos.
0.8 It exactly has the same strengths and weaknesses as the original three, plus breathtakingly spectacular visual design and special effects.
0.8 Episodio I tuvo la virtud de juntar a dos generaciones en un mismo fenomeno
0.625 It does the job just fine. That job, as director George Lucas freely admits, is quite simply to thrill the beating hearts and the inquiring minds of 12-year-old boys.
0.8 It's not perfect ... but it's still fantastic.
0.6 ...not in the same league as the original Star Wars. But, then, it was never meant to be.
0.8 An often deliriously exciting adventure, hitting the target audience of 10-year olds and satisfying long-time fans.
0.875 The visual imagery comes off the screen in leaps and bounds, and it allows Lucas the freedom to construct intricately detailed action sequences that put the audience right in the action.
0.8 It sustains the gee-whiz spirit of the series and offers a swashbuckling extragalactic getaway, creating illusions that are even more plausible than the kitchen-raiding raptors of Jurassic Park.
0.875 A testimony to how far special effects have come.
0.5 Though I've been bored senseless by the Star Wars phenomenon for over two decades, I found The Phantom Menace something of a pleasant surprise.
0.875 There is a sense of discovery in scene after scene of The Phantom Menace.
0.8 A great work from a greater director, and a blockbuster of quite the most swashbuckling kind.
0.625 Quite uninteresting in its stale moments, the "Menace" soars from time to time.
0.875 The story was well told, the characters were for the most part nicely drawn, and the action was phenomenal.
0.6 I wish Phantom Menace was a better film. The bones of a great film are there. But there's no beating the sense of hope and adventure and honest-to-goodness wonder that shines through.
0.79 The special effects are as awesome as you would expect, and this is an extremely slick production.
0.8 Spectacular fun!
0.75 Lucas has gotten rusty, and it shows in quite a few places. But he still has the heart of a visionary, and when that shines through, The Phantom Menace is a wonder to behold.
0.75 This entry into the Star Wars saga does the originals justice in terms of heart, action, and fun.
0.875 This is a film made for the fans. On that level, it doesn't disappoint.
0.6 Like a giant anchor in a sea of scattered Hollywood myths, Phantom Menace --the mere making of it -- promises viewers a point of reference of biblical proportions.
0.75 An old-fashioned epic and like epics of yore it supplies its audiences with enough spectacle and awe.
1.0 Visually dazzling, inventive beyond imagining and full of resonant detail that recalls stories told or hints at those to come!
0.75 Lucas has proved he has the Naboos to pull it off again.
0.7 [Lucas] ought to spend more time on story and less time crunching binaries.
0.8 It's an extremely enjoyable movie, blending imagination with technology and creating visual eye candy, wrapped up in a lightweight but enjoyable story.
0.7 Finally someone has crossed the line where reality and fantasy are indistinguishable!
0.875 The Phantom Menace takes twists and turns you don't expect.
0.7 I'd have to say it's a better picture than Return of the Jedi while falling into the same third-act trap of juxtaposing a terrific swordfight with boring, slapstick scenes of combat.
0.875 Only time will tell if this movie deserves to be connected to the last three episodes, or, for that matter, if the final three episodes deserve to be connected to this one.
0.8 This movie is a perfect example of why the word 'eye-candy' was invented.
0.875 Perfecto ejemplo de como la imaginacion puede traspasar fronteras y edades
0.7 A feast for the eyes and ears!
0.8 This Star Wars engages by its sheer variety of characters!
0.75 Thoroughly entertaining!
0.75 Exceptionally well-made, highly imaginative.
0.8 There's plenty to look at!
0.75 It isn't the best in the series, but it delivers about what you would expect.
0.9 Decide for yourself.
0.7 A film that not only couldn't stand up to the hype monster, but also couldn't stand up to multiple viewings.
1.0 Not only is it a fanciful phenomenon but it's also the most eye-popping spectacular special-effects picture ever made as George Lucas integrates the fantasy of computer imagery with reality.
0.875 Not a great film, but it is magical and majestic.
0.625 Flawed as it is, The Phantom Menace captured my imagination and I enjoyed it.
0.875 It works as an action flick, visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting; it also works as an elicitor of memories, a piece of exquisite nostalgia.
0.625 It's a frenetic visual feast indeed; there's nothing quite like it in the galaxy.
0.4 Joyless, overly reverential and impenetrably plotted!
0.5 It's wholesome and enjoyable entertainment for kids, rather than the slap in the face a truly bad movie would have been, but the fans deserve more.
0.5 Wait till it's out on video. Then borrow it.
0.3 It is an understatement to say that the movie is a disappointment; it is the disappointment of the millennium.
0.4 If I had to pick six words to describe this movie, they would be, 'too busy, too silly, no mystery.'
0.625 With Phantom, Lucas has brought the series to the brink of total artificiality, the future as a video game.
0.5 Geared more to video-game fans than to grown-up moviegoers who remember when the best fantasy films had grander ambitions.
0.5 Lucas' directorial attention is clearly not focused on the cast, most of whom seem slightly adrift.
0.5 Everything about this film is so mechanical you wonder if it was written, directed and acted by 'droids.'
0.625 What's missing from George Lucas' heralded return to the screen is . . . sex.
0.5 In special effects, Lucas has moved a galaxy beyond. In energy, not yet.
0.625 It actually undoes some of the myth and magic that the first three movies forged in the hearts and minds of millions of movie lovers.
0.5 Even without the pre-release hoopla, The Phantom Menace would be a considerable letdown!
0.625 Still, you have to see it, don't you? I know I did, and I'm glad I did. But I can honestly say I was never really entertained.
0.5 The result is an adventure that feels...well, Forced.
0.8 Sit back and enjoy fantastic, imaginative visuals.
0.5 It starts off briskly with some fantastic special effects and a great high-speed chase but then founders on the shores of bad script writing.
0.7 Lucas does not always recognize his limitations. This tends to make films of mixed quality. Still, there is always enough that is excellent to make them worth seeing.
0.75 It is certainly better than the childish Phantom Menace and the final 45 minutes of straight action beat the editing nightmare at the end of the last film.
0.8 The magic has definitely been recaptured.
0.8 As convincing a job as they, Christensen, and Lee do, they all end up being upstaged by the jaw-dropping skills of a CGI creation: Yoda (again voiced by Frank Oz), who finally gets a chance to show exactly why he has such a legendary reputation.
0.875 It's impossible...to dismiss a film with this much stuff: exotic production design, imaginative characters, and a wide variety of digital jedi fu.
0.6 It would be easy to say that this film is fantastic and blows away the others, but unfortunately I cannot.
0.75 Superior to Episode I -- The Phantom Menace, with its annoying Jar Jar Binks and its dull, galaxy-hopping story line.
0.75 Alternately excites and bores.
0.5 I'll call it nearly good, based mostly on one hell of a last half-hour.
0.8 It's no Empire Strikes Back but then you won't have to worry about Jar Jar too much either.
0.2 How I wish I could say something other than ho-hum.
0.6 You will most likely end up sitting through this latest installment - even if the series has become a shadow of its former self
0.9 My God, how wonderful it would be if it just even pretended to not be so commercialized.
0.875 The Star Wars franchise continues to slip into obscurity with another underwhelming entry.
0.6 At least it's better than Return of the Jedi. If that sounds like faint praise... then line up and find out for yourself.
0.6 I feel ambivalent about it and I'm still going to pay to see it again. It's just that important to our collective dorkitude.
0.9 The film has that Star Wars atmosphere fully in place, complete with a thematic resonance and a reliance on strong personalities interacting to drive the events forward.
0.4 Yes, it's better than The Phantom Menace. Think for a minute about how little that means.
0.8 Star Wars fans, prepare to weep with joy.
0.75 It has all the moves; it never quite catches the rhythm.
0.6 ...open your eyes and ears and disengage your mind...it's a splendid film, and enjoying it for its sheer beauty is much more fun than having to think about it.
0.75 If Phantom Menace resulted in mindless boredom, then Attack of the Clones at least offers mindless entertainment.
0.2 A tale full of sound and fury, sucking the life out of cinema.
0.875 The least of the Star Wars series, but that is pretty damn good.
0.75 Star Wars fans will be in heaven.
0.875 Es divertida, visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida. Simple y sencillamente te sorprendera.
0.875 Lucas returns the series to its roots, delivering a cartoon-like adventure that uses special effects to enhance rather than replace storytelling.
0.9 Meant for Star Wars fans. It is there to give them a good time.
0.8 Se Obi-Wan e Yoda continuarem a brilhar desta forma, duvido que o Imperio dos Pessimistas consiga derrubar o trabalho do Mestre Lucas.
0.6 It's still got enough magic to coast on sheer goodwill.
0.5 The battling Yoda looks ludicrous, like Kermit the Frog in a Matrix fight scene.
0.875 less Jar Jar, no discussion of taxes and trade blockades, and more Jedis, violence, and sex appeal
0.6 Lucas has never been able to conjure another Han Solo, a character who could, with simply a wink, remind us that this was just an overgrown Saturday afternoon serial.
0.875 In the end, what I appreciated most was the unpredictability of it all.
0.75 Clones largely brings everything together, deepening the arc of the entire story ... and restoring the mythological grandeur that helped establish the series in the first place.
0.625 What Lucas needs to wrap up this franchise properly is a return to the fundamentals: less overplotted hooey, more thick blue liquid.
0.8 Attack of the Clones is light years ahead of its predecessor and a return to the fun Saturday matinee feel that the original films possessed. There's a bunch of surprises, and a good mix of action, laughs, romance, and suspense.
0.7 If you ignore the cheesy dialog and the political mumbo-jumbo, the power of the force has returned to the franchise.
0.4 Two hours of nonsense and fifteen minutes that may sell a couple more bags of Yoda-endorsed Sour Cream and Onion Ruffles.
0.5 Why does Lucas even bother planting the seeds if he refuses to let them sprout?
0.7 It's an ambitious film, and as with all ambitious films, it has some problems. But on the whole, you're gonna like this movie.
0.9 Just watching the little fuzzy guy doing stuff that would put Cirque du Soleil to shame was a blast in and of itself.
0.3 A riot of sterility, with planetscape after stunning planetscape swallowing up its characters and their petty concerns.
0.6 Attack of the mildly engaging plot.
0.75 Abounds in A-budget variations of Saturday-matinee B-movie excitement.
0.5 Isn't it sad that these movies no longer sweep us away, but force us to sit making mental checklists of what George Lucas has done right and what he has done wrong?
1.0 As one of the millions of so-called fan-geeks out there, Episode II was all I hoped it would be.
1.0 "Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones" is the most stunningly beautiful, visually dazzling and fiercely action-packed of all the "Star Wars" films.
0.4 Well, it's better than The Phantom Menace. But George Lucas' latest chapter suffers from onerous self-importance.
0.8 The dialogue is so wooden that you can use it for batting practice...Just sit back and let your eyes feast on the wonderfully imaginative visuals.
0.875 The diverging plot lines and the rich, expansive and incredibly beautiful scenery and planets -- not to mention the constant action -- almost make up for Lucas' deficiency with the spoken word.
0.875 There's an amazing gladiator-like confrontation in a coliseum followed by a rip-roaring battle scene between the Jedi warriors and the army of clones.
0.4 Attack of the Clones, while rallying in its final third, is as talky and long-winded as the bickering Jedi Council.
0.5 THX Digital sound and some great visual fury...signifying nothing.
1.0 By far the best movie to be released so far in 2002.
0.4 The script is weak, the dialogue is flat, the acting is stiff, and most of all, the all-important love story that's supposed to give the film its emotional core just doesn't work.
0.6 The film is not as bad as the mainstream critics are making it out to be. Unfortunately, it's not as good as the hardcore fan critics are saying, either.
0.74 Despite some weaknesses, Attack of the Clones redeems the franchise.
0.8 Now THIS is a Star Wars movie. Attack of the Clones has much more rooted into the Star Wars universe as we know it.
0.875 This is a special effects extravaganza.
0.75 Beautifully majestic...often awe-inspiring...five times better than Episode I.
0.875 Fans have a fix, audiences have an adventure, and Lucas has another blockbuster; what's not to love?
0.75 You might check your watch a couple of times during the long, long set-up, but that last act will have you riveted to your seat!
0.8 It's just fun, pure and simple.
0.625 May qualify as the third-best episode yet -- behind The Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars.
0.5 An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots.
0.7 I'm all over the action in the movie, and the last half hour alone is literally worth the price of admission.
0.6 A solid summer movie worth its admission price.
0.6 A better movie than the clumsy Phantom Menace.
0.9 Back are the old-fashioned movie-serial thrills, breathtaking action sequences, elaborate mythology and vivid imagination that made his original Star Wars trilogy such a success back in the 1970s and '80s.
0.625 This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own.
0.5 With Clones, it is abundantly clear that the Force just isn't with [Lucas] any longer.
0.625 The old charm is mostly left behind, a twinkle in Princess Leia's eyes, while Lucas clones films with industrial fervor.
0.5 Unlike the first Star Wars, made for a general audience in search of a good time, Attack of the Clones is pitched to a cult audience.
0.375 Watching Attack of the Clones is like getting rapped on the head with a rubber mallet -- no lasting damage (I pray and hope), but bad enough to bring on an acute bout of dizziness and disorientation.
0.5 Yes, Episode II is beautifully rendered and better than the last. It's also duller than Tatooine's desert landscape until the last half-hour.
0.6 Takes itself on a dazzling, digital tear.
0.5 To borrow from Yoda-speak: Much to desire we still have.
0.625 By going forward into the past to create a 'prequel' trilogy, Lucas has trapped himself in a fundamentally anticlimactic venture.
0.875 Lucas trumps himself with the coolest lightsaber fight since the first Luke-vs.-Vader face-off in The Empire Strikes Back.
0.625 A cosmic letdown to watch this new film and realize that Lucas still doesn't know how to write dialogue or direct flesh- and-blood actors and, even more significantly, has largely forgotten how to evoke wonder and have a little fun.
0.625 Instead of zesty and daring, Attack of the Clones is often labored and stiff.
0.6 This didn't feel like Star Wars. It felt like a movie ripping off Star Wars. Something wasn't right.
0.75 Christensen succeeds because he reveals the flashes of evil within Anakin's character: a word, a gesture, a youthful burst of impatience.
0.25 This is a fantasy with no poetry in it, which explains why barely a frame of it stuck with me after I left the theater.
1.0 Lucas has recaptured and accentuated the elements that made the original films such a joy to experience.
0.5 While it was always clear that Lucas cared more about special effects than acting, here his lack of interest has produced phenomenally wooden performances from newcomers and veterans alike.
0.6 Just entertaining enough to warrant a bit more than a passing grade, the film is better than Menace, but not by a great deal and still has too many glaring problems to make it as good or just plain enjoyable as it could and should have been.
1.0 Bristles with excitement in every frame making this installment a high-energy adventure.
0.9 Simply put, the 'good stuff' in Attack of the Clones so outweighs the bad...that the bad is hardly worth mentioning.
0.375 The emphasis on computer-generated effects ultimately robs the movie of much of its energy.
0.5 Clones is more star chores than Star Wars.
0.75 Episode II is certainly flawed, but Lucas gets enough things right to give even disillusioned Star Wars fans new hope for Episode III.
0.6 [T]here's nothing new to the picture, no creative chance taken.
0.875 No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones' last 45 minutes.
0.9 This is not another Phantom Menace franchise; it's a phenomenal, eye-popping feast for the senses.
0.75 Is it as good as the original trilogy? No. But, as we move closer to understanding how these people become those people, it's clear that Lucas' storytelling powers are gathering force.
0.625 It's better than The Phantom Menace. But unless you're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie, it isn't much fun.
0.8 The computer generated sets may amaze, and computer-generated characters blend seamlessly with live actors. But it is the return of the humans that makes Clones work.
0.75 Attack of the Clones is a triumph of technology over humanity, and if it falls short of a completely fulfilling experience, it also achieves the kind of primal emotion movies were invented for: wonder.
0.75 It may not be a perfect film, but Attack of the Clones is close to what we've come to expect from a Star Wars movie.
0.75 The film isn't without flaws -- acting is wooden early on, at least one action scene could be cut and certain computer effects look phony. But it's worthy of this compliment: Clones is a real Star Wars movie.
0.625 If you're not a long-standing admirer there's little reason to join the queues on opening night.
1.0 Consistently thrilling and massively enjoyable, Clones redeems Lucas' reputation after Menace.
0.7 The persistent shadow of Darth Vader is the most interesting aspect in a movie that fails to live up to its potential.
0.5 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects, the new Star Wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one.
1.0 This movie should thoroughly please old fans and even create new ones, even if it probably won't win over critics who believe the series has turned into the movie equivalent of a slick, vacuous theme park.
0.6 A gloriously fun last 30 minutes isn't enough to hide a preceding two hours of bland entertainment
0.75 Dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away.
0.875 In a time when, more often than not, sequels disappoint, it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy.
0.625 This thing will have your mind glazed over faster than a glob of dough in a Krispy Kreme plant.
0.5 Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie.
0.4 Lucas' gift for animating the inanimate turns out to be paralleled by a tendency to deaden what should be completely alive.
0.7 A vast improvement on the last episode in the Star Wars franchise, The Phantom Menace.
0.875 On a purely visceral level, Clones is a delightfully rousing, eye-popping, crowd-pleasing homage to Saturday-morning serials of the '30s and '40s.
0.7 Exalts the character of former Queen, now Senator Padme Amidala (Natalie Portman), whose impressive array of attractive costumes appropriate the young actress' natural beauty.
0.875 While the first Star Wars will always be a sentimental favorite, Attack of the Clones may well be the best in the series overall.
0.875 Lucas' slickest trick is how by the end--in spite of any snickers or groans one may have uttered along the way--one finds oneself invested in the fates of these characters.
0.8 Christensen shines at the centre.
0.5 Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry.
0.5 The Force against dullness is finally goosing George Lucas.
0.7 Altogether, the movie is enjoyable despite its nagging script inadequacies and crummy 'down' scenes.
0.7 It's worth the price of a ticket. You're going to see the damn thing anyway, have a clear conscience.
1.0 Funny, complex and enormous fun.
0.5 Episode II-- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight.
1.0 Do we really have to wait another three years?
1.0 Wonder, hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along, especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
0.125 Its screenplay serves as auto-critique, and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure.
0.2 I'm tempted to quote an evergreen Public Enemy song: don't believe the hype.
0.75 It's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and, of course, special effect.
0.75 ...as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement.
0.8 In the end, Clones bests Menace on most levels... acting, story, effects, score.
0.8 Star Wars fans should be entertained and general audiences should get a kick out of it too.
0.8 An action-packed, fun-filled adventure.
0.7 Nothing more than a decent action flick with great effects and a silly story that happens to be blessed by a very good pedigree.
0.75 Move over Spidey, George Lucas is bringing out a sci-fi movie with a little more gravitas to knock you off your perch.
0.5 Here's the good news: the latest toy from George Lucas's soulless Star Wars factory is better than The Phantom Menace. Now the bad: it's not much better.
0.8 Impeccable visuals, intriguing characters, awesome action sequences, a surprising romance and a generally more "adult" feel..
0.82 Heat feels like a cobbled-together conclusion to this so-called trilogy, a movie that offers little of what made the other offerings...so terrific in the first place.
0.7 Morrissey turns to fame and travels from New York to Los Angeles for this outrageously funny but almost painfully sharp comedy.
0.7 A cult film that deserves its reputation.
0.8 The Warriors Rule! One of the best action-thrillers of the 70s!
0.875 Yeah, it's really good.
0.7 The only trouble is that I half expected them to break out into song and dance any minute a la West Side Story.
0.75 OK, it's not Greek tragedy, but it is based (loosely) on Xenophon, so there.
1.0 Visually stunning and emotionally gripping, THE WARRIORS is a classic that, after a quarter-century, has finally recieved the loving finishing touches that it so rightly deserves
0.8 See it once, and you'll want to see it again.
0.875 Just what is the fanboys' beef with the new DVD "Director's Cut" of The Warriors, anyway?
0.6 Once-notorious gang movie, now a delightfully retro experience
0.6 A campy treat for anyone who wants to "come out and play-ay!"
0.8 An action movie of great style and energy
0.2 A bad joke shoddily disguised as a gritty urban thriller. Didn't any of these guys have subway tokens?
1.0 One of the great cult films of all time.
0.625 a shameless, but entertaining, ode to the appeal of criminality and gangland camaraderie
0.77 A pleasure to watch, even if only to laugh at the memorable costumes and lines. Can you dig it?
0.6 Bell's charm and finesse with a right hook help elevate Angel of Death from being a mundane straight-to-DVD offering.
0.625 ...a surprisingly cinematic actioner that ultimately feels like a low-budget cousin to 2005's Sin City.
