0.375 The makers of In Her Skin must be prepared to cut a check to anyone who ever read, wrote, made, or saw The Lovely Bones.
1.0 The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot.
0.7 We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him.
0.75 The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty.
0.6 You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy.
0.5 Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ...
0.6 It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing.
0.3 The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough.
0.6 A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick.
0.2 Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared.
0.6 A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title.
0.6 Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two.
0.6 I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing.
0.7 The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company.
0.4 Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm.
0.7 With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century.
0.6 What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh.
0.7 Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation.
0.4 [Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ...
0.6 The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump.
0.4 This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people.
0.4 Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit.
0.8 An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man.
0.2 The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation.
0.6 It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining.
0.4 An amiable mess.
0.8 This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema.
0.6 A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull.
0.8 Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled.
0.6 An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values.
0.8 Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naive, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others.
0.8 This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right.
0.6 Extended takes allow the cast (rooted in 70s alternative theatre) to improvise conversations with naturalistic results; discussions about grief, marriage, faltering love and mistimed connections ring true.
0.4 The problem is that the protagonists are so unengaging.
0.6 This is a minor-key film: delicate, sober and thoughtful.
0.4 The film needed more heat and fluency, more inter-melting of components.
0.2 Shallow insights in the long grass make for a dozy yet irritating afternoon in the Kent countryside.
0.4 An improvised, no-budget British drama with the cringe factor of watching your mum doing am-dram.
0.4 The best one can say is that it was probably fun being in it, and what it's doing getting released in cinemas is anyone's guess.
0.6 Much better than the am-dram washout it could so easily have been, there's nuggets of truth and wisdom in this lo-fi drama.
0.4 The pace picks up towards the end, but whether you'll still care by that point is another matter.
0.4 excellent performers can't compensate for the film's biggest problem - lack of originality
0.4 Filmmaker Love brings these characters to vivid life, but they're all so hateful, racist and idiotic that we don't like them at all!
0.75 Clearly, Brakhage's film has had a tremendous impact on both the avant-garde film movement and mainstream cinema, but uneasy rests the crown of a self-important classic.
0.9 ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
0.875 While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
0.6 ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
0.81 Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
0.8 Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
0.875 It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
1.0 Un clasico
0.8 Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
0.9 This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
0.8 ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
1.0 Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
1.0 One of Chaplin's best.
1.0 Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
1.0 O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
0.9 Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
1.0 It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
0.9 Director Julien Duvivier took the conventional mix of love and bullets and made it into dark poetry.
0.86 Captures the vibrancy of colonial Northern Africa with intimate sensual detail
1.0 am most amazed at how well it has survived the test of time.
1.0 the film that made consummate French actor Jean Gabin a star
0.8 You have to like a movie that was the true inspiration to that famous animated skunk Pepe le Pew.
0.875 An irresistibly entertaining drama of dreamy, doom-laden romantic fatalism, a vividly atmospheric film noir years before noir was cool.
1.0 The French original has it all over on the Hollywood version in the way it conveys atmosphere.
0.875 Retains its power to amuse and enthrall 65 years after its debut.
1.0 Pepe le Moko, made in 1937, begins with that tinny, swooning French soundtrack music that conjures up European movies before the war, but it isn't until a few minutes later that you realize you're in for something special.
1.0 Excitingly filmed with North African footage mixed with superb sets.
1.0 A timeless romantic thriller that steeps us in one of those great artificial movie worlds that become more overpowering than reality itself.
1.0 Beautifully crafted, movingly acted, still involving and entertaining, this is just the kind of film people are talking about when they say they don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 One of the most purely enjoyable films ever made.
1.0 This dark operatic movie looks like Burton meant every bit of it, that he shared this story's longing for death and night and blood.
0.6 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 This magnificently realized musical from Stephen Sondheim contains the right blend of emotional pathos, stunning visuals and accessible songs.
0.6 It's gross but will it gross? Burton and Depp's cannibal musical is an especially acquired taste - Oliver! reimagined by Eli Roth. Brave, brutal... ballads?
0.7 Sweeney Todd may just be that rare musical with broad appeal to audiences who might normally say they don't care for the genre.
0.5 Sweeney Todd is a throat-slasher of a motion picture. It creates a new genre -- the slasher musical. Adapted from the Tony-winning Broadway musical by Stephen Sondheim, it's the tuneful tale of cutthroat's revenge.
1.0 [Burton's] vision of a dark and smoggy nineteenth century London, with muted colors, is perfect for the music and the story.
0.9 Depp's staggering performance perfectly merges the story's humour, horror and romance into a serious punch to the gut.
0.9 One of the best movies of his career.
0.8 Burton was born to film this strange and spooky chamber piece.
0.75 In all honesty, neither Depp nor Carter possess stage-quality voices. Instead, both muster emotional performances that sell the parts without selling the music.
0.6 There is much to like in Burton's Sweeney Todd and much not to like, a rather hit-and-miss affair.
1.0 Burton's juxtaposition of the musical numbers with horror is pretty much as entertaining as the medium of film can get.
0.7 In addition to branding Sweeney Todd with his signature look, Burton successfully takes advantage of the medium of film in his adaptation the musical.
1.0 I cannot wait to go see this film again and I really want to buy the soundtrack.
0.875 The movie belongs to Depp and Bonham Carter, who dance slowly and seductively against the backdrop of Burton's London until it's time to paint the town red.
1.0 Sweeney Todd ranks among this year's most intense, haunting, and startling films; the fact that it also features great songs by Stephen Sondheim is just gravy on the meat pie.
0.81 Burton took on a risky proposition when he chose to bring Sweeney Todd to the screen. While the result doesn't knock my socks off, it's plenty good enough to report that the risk paid off.
0.875 We all knew Johnny Depp could act. The brilliantly imagined Sweeney Todd shows he can sing, too.
0.7 The difference here is that film audiences are used to blood. So some of the chilling effect is lost...
0.6 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a dark and terrifying love story, as much a horror film as a musical extravaganza.
1.0 Tim Burton delivers his best film yet.
0.5 I was bored out of my skull during many a scene in this film, and wouldn't dare recommend it to anyone who, like me, doesn't like old fashioned musicals.
0.9 Musical-haters don't have to endure glorious kicklines (Hairspray) and opera lovers can focus on the leads' close-ups. If someone sees the movie and then goes to see a stage production, the enormity of this play will blow their brains open.
0.4 Un musical soporifero y sangriento que parecia ideal para la macabra imaginacion de Tim Burton, pero que resulta una verdadera decepcion.
0.7 H panemorfi apeikonisi toy heiroteroy Londinoy tis istorias toy ap' ton Tim Burton, ap' to ena mati mpainei ki ap' to allo bgainei, prosferontas mpoliki ikanopoiisi tin ora poy ksediplonetai, alla elahista na pareis mazi soy ekso ap' tin aithoysa.
0.8 Resume perfeitamente as principais qualidades e os maiores defeitos de Tim Burton.
0.5 Tim Burton takes his trademarks and destroys one of theater's great musicals.
0.9 With a great supporting cast and some killer (pardon the pun) musical numbers, this is award winning stuff.
0.6 Burton's best film since Ed Wood will come in handy for anyone in need of something for the weekend.
0.8 Gruesomely satisfying, fans of both Burton and Sondheim are equally liable to be pleased with this marvelous meeting of minds. If the film sags a little at times, its technical prowess and superlative cast ensure we don't dwell on this for too long.
0.8 A grimy concoction from Hell's own kitchen, laced with black humour and seasoned with hauntingly beautiful music. Tuck in.
0.666666666667 A thoughtful, sincere and moving film, buttressed by a fine, central performance by an actor at the top of his form.
0.5 This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling.
1.0 In his sixth collaboration with Burton, Depp delivers a stunning performance that combines horror, black comedy and genuine heartache, like an evil version of Edward Scissorhands -- he deservedly received an Oscar nomination earlier this week.
0.8 Whether horror fans are ready for high-notes or musical buffs will appreciate Dario Argento levels of gore is an open question, but this is a rich, demented experience.
0.7 Deserves kudos for attempting to bring a cerebral and extremely violent story, told almost entirely in song, to the multiplex masses. It's just a shame that, ironically, there's little humanity beneath Sweeney Todd's sumptuous outer pastry.
0.7 It may be too much for some, but for those who can appreciate the tastefully tasteless, it's a feverish jolt to the senses to see such beautiful music and pathos paired with such horrid images.
1.0 One of the years best films, musical or otherwise.
0.8 Tim Burton's morbid imagination is a good match for Stephen Sondheim's noir guignol operetta...
0.8 Movie is darker, much bloodier than stage musical.
1.0 Did I mention lately how very much I love Tim Burton's brain? Few could have taken, would have dared to take, a musical stage play of this depth and managed to make it into such a beautiful film. Burton and his gang have though. Read On->
0.75 One word sums this up. Bravo!
0.8125 If only Johnny Depp had made his Willy Wonka this disturbingly attractive.
0.82 The brooding gothic romanticism of the source material plays right into Burton's cinematic wheelhouse.
0.5 Love the play, but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth.
0.74 The imagery, music, and intoxicating blend of vengeance and madness--with just a smidgen of Priest; you'll see, if you don't already know--will linger long after you leave the theater.
0.875 Murder, music, and monsters happily drenched in blood.
0.625 Should have been a standing triple for Burton to hit off the wall instead of hitting it head-on until the guignol nature became less than grand.
0.875 What the movie version of Sweeney Todd preserves best is the corrosive power of Todd's revenge and the intricate rhymes of Sondheim's lyrics.
0.8 ... Burton and Depp put their stamp on Sweeney Todd, bringing the Demon Barber of Fleet Street to life for a whole new audience.
1.0 This black cauldron of a film, with its spider-blood visual scheme, may be the purest example of imagemaking the movies have given us in far too long.
0.7 This version glories in the gory. Depp's singing limitations rob the character of Sweeney of his all-important contagious savage fury.
0.9 Admittedly it is bloody as hell, but there's something just stylish enough about the way it's executed -- pun intended -- that even viewers with weak constitutions should be able to stomach the violence.
0.7 Unparalleled visual splendor, a bloody red-velvet fever dream of a musical for people who think they HATE musicals.
0.875 A wickedly entertaining blood feast.
0.9 [W]e haven't seen this much hemoglobin in a Johnny Depp film since the infamous blood geyser in A Nightmare on Elm Street.
0.625 A movie musical for people who don't like musicals, in the way that -- for example -- Kenneth Branagh's 'Frankenstein' was a horror movie for people who don't like horror movies.
0.625 It's like Dario Argento blood just spurting everywhere...
0.8 It has vision to spare, which is rare enough in the modern cinema, and it was made by a director clearly in love with his material, which is rarer. It is not the definitive version of the musical, but maybe we don't need a definitive version.
0.75 The most elegant slasher movie ever made.
0.875 Mesmerizing and highly entertaining.
0.875 Tim Burton's grand guignol fantasy transforms Stephen Sondheim's 1979 musical-theater piece into a cheerfully gothic morality tale.
0.875 It's easily Burton's best since, well, ever.
0.75 I'm a tough audience for Sweeney Todd, since I've probably played the original cast album a thousand times, but even I think it's worth your time.
0.5 Stylized but spasmodic, this Sweeney seems more interested in distancing than captivating an audience.
0.875 It's Sondheim's gorgeously dissonate score that makes the greatest impact. The lush strings and emphatic horns can't help but lift the spirit even as they chill the bones.
0.7 While certainly not for all viewers, and even if it takes a bit to gain viewer engagement and traction, the film turns out to be, pardon the obligatory pun, fairly bloody fun.
0.75 Depp may not be a trained singer, but his voice is more than passable, and his presence -- his Sweeney is Edward Scissorhands gone bad -- is perfect.
1.0 By all means go, and be prepared for a holiday musical like no other.
0.875 Visually expansive and imaginative.
0.875 The wait for a good Tim Burton movie is finally over.
1.0 A great film, a landmark in musical cinema and the best movie of 2007.
0.8 The most faithful and effective transfer of a musical to screen I've seen. And bloody good fun besides.
0.875 Sondheim's original musical was already a mad synthesis of Jacobean shock, Brechtian irony and Dickensian pathos -- to which Burton's lush visuals add another layer of aesthetic distance. The overall effect is somewhere between melodrama and camp.
0.875 No sentiment goes unbloodied in [Burton's] exuberantly dark Sweeney Todd.
1.0 There's something about the 1979 Stephen Sondheim musical that awakened something audacious and inspired in Burton, sparking him to make his best film since "Ed Wood."
1.0 It combines some of Tim Burton's favorite elements: The fantastic, the ghoulish, the bizarre, the unspeakable, the romantic and in Johnny Depp, he has an actor he has worked with since Edward Scissorhands and finds a perfect instrument.
0.5 This isn't a movie for lovers of Sondheim's grimly funny musical, as most of the jokes fall flat in this joyless version. It's a movie for people who'd like to hear Depp do another British accent and wear a Bride of Frankenstein wig.
0.75 A conceptual masterstroke. Sweeney always wanted to be a revenger's tragedy to make us recoil in fright. Now it is. Merry Christmas.
0.4 Poor Depp isn't up to the challenge of a musical. He may look menacing with his ivory skin and flashing eyes, but he sings like he's three drinks into a night at the local karaoke bar.
0.75 Touches on Dostoevskian notions of playing God and purging the world of its lowlife rabble, and at times Todd seems something of a proletariat hero, exacting class reparations by night and knife.
0.7 Very charming in its dark and twisted way, although not without some flaws and odd choices.
1.0 Pairing his Burton's whimsy with Stephen Sondheim's witty lyrics and lilting melodies makes for a combination as engrossing as it is unlikely.
0.9 There's no hole in the floor for an orchestra pit,there's a lot of CGI and some razor-keen wit.If you don't know the show, just roll with it
1.0 As the perfect marriage of maker and material, this dark, disturbing splatter-etta stands as the best film of 2007.
0.9 It pulls you into Burton's world with its stunning performances and visuals.
0.625 [Sweeney Todd] is a wonder to behold, but only those with Burton's acquired tastes would want to sample a pie overstuffed with such joylessness.
1.0 the perfect movie this holiday for anyone sick of jingle bells and angels getting their wings.
1.0 [It] works as a big screen version of one of the great achievements of the musical stage, as a dark and scary horror film, and as Tim Burton's finest film in over a decade.
0.8 Burton's work here is strong and self-assured and never allows the lavish production design to dominate the storytelling.
0.6 Sweeney Todd is exactly the musical Burton fans have wished him to make. It's a bloody mess of vengeance and lost love, full of throat-slitting mayhem.
0.8 It's a delightfully bloody trip to a grimy, but melodic, Victorian London.
0.8 It's as if Stephen Sondheim's musical was meant to be a Tim Burton movie all along.
0.875 Delightfully gruesome, it is laced with morbid humor, and yet a sense of tragedy and loss weighs heavily upon it.
0.8 A consistently great experience, and I'd love to go back and see it again in three weeks when the Hot Topic generation has latched on to it and will be singing along in the theater.
0.5 The material, a Gothic yarn of bloody revenge, seems specially suited for the macabre hand of Tim Burton, but alas, such is not the case.
0.875 I'm not sure Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd works very well as a musical, but it's one hell of a movie.
1.0 Sweeney Todd is often considered Stephen Sondheim's masterpiece; it's too early to say, but it may be Tim Burton's as well.
1.0 Burton has made some great pictures--Sweeney Todd is the culmination of them.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is the creative peak of an eccentric career and one of the year's very best films.
0.7 Tim Burton's scaled-down adaptation chooses style over substance. The result, however, is still a pretty enjoyable film.
0.9 Sweeney Todd is as much a horror film as a musical. It is also something close to a masterpiece.
0.875 Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess. Instead, it's bloody good fun.
0.7 for all its unmistakable faults, it casts such a complete spell that I'm chomping at the bit to see it again
0.5 Singers that can't sing, repetitive tunes that aren't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies.
0.7 Sure to make you nervous to get a haircut.
0.875 Director Tim Burton has found the right look and, more crucially, the right scale for his film version of the grandiose 1979 Broadway musical thriller.
0.875 It is rare for a film to achieve a feeling of unequivocal, breathtaking transcendence, but Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street does just that.
0.875 What a pleasure it is, then, to report that Burton's version tends more to the abattoir than the amusement park...
0.6 Two hours of singing is going to bore the pants off of gore-starved viewers, and the last-reel gore is going to scare the pants of the foofy Broadway types. And that means a theatre full of people without pants.
0.75 Abetted by Wolski's swooping, receding camera and Jonathan Tunick's propulsive orchestrations, Burton makes this as fluid and dynamic as any screen ride this year, musical or otherwise.
1.0 One of the most memorable films of the year.
0.8 Dismal sets, cartoonish gore and Johnny Depp singing -- what's so appealing about that? Just about everything, actually.
0.8 A striking if stomach-turning big-screen treatment.
0.875 You'll be twisted, manipulated and repulsed, but always entertained. You might also find yourself uttering "God, That's Good."
0.7 If you can handle the blood-spurting scenes Sweeney Todd might be a movie to check out after the glow of the holiday bulbs has dimmed.
0.75 Turns out Sweeney Todd needed Tim Burton more than Tim Burton needed Sweeney Todd.
0.875 [Depp and Bonham Carter] provide this rousing musical with the emotional heft necessary to prevent it from merely becoming an exercise in Gothic chic.
1.0 An invigorating experience that ranks among the best stage-to-screen translations ever filmed.
0.625 In the end, the real problem with the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is that he's not as bloody fun as he should be.
1.0 Everything a Burton picture should be, everything a musical should be, everything the play should be and everything the venerable horror story of good old Sweeney should be.
0.75 Despite the weak vocal work, the film does nevertheless border on brilliance, and seems to be a shoo in for an Academy Award nomination.
0.875 Tell me, is it good? Sir, it's too good at least. It's mighty entertainment that makes you feel sorry for the poor saps in the next theater at the multiplex.
0.5 Revenge is a dish best served cold, exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton's cutthroat musical.
0.8 A Grand Guignol, with plot elements from Jacobean tragedy, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Jack the Ripper, it's the perfect melange for the master of the macabre, Tim Burton.
1.0 Keeping every performer on point, Burton draws the strongly structured material together to produce a black comedy and still blacker tragedy surging with jugular urgency. It haunts the mind for days.
0.9 This grisly, grim and ghoulish gothic tale of vengeance is a thoroughly entertaining gore-filled experience, whether you're a fan of musicals or not.
1.0 A cynical, chill-inducing, blood-splattering cinematic operetta! Forget about your preconceptions - and relish one of the 10 Best Movies of 2007.
1.0 This Sweeney Todd blasts audaciously away with all the forces and resources of cinematic realization in a smashing production.
0.9 It's awash in grimly gorgeous sights, mercilessly dark humor, oddly amusing tunes, and all sorts of strange goings-on ... Burton and Depp strike gothic gold once again.
0.875 Sweeney Todd is a thriller-diller from start to finish: scary, monstrously funny and melodically thrilling. And Depp is simply stupendous.
0.4 Williams (...) toma decisiones extranas que no hacen crecer la pelicula en terminos dramaticos.
1.0 A direcao de Tod Williams, alem de abrir espaco importante para a forca das atuacoes do elenco, destaca-se por nao ter medo do silencio.
0.8 [Jeff Bridges] struts around like a peacock trapped in a burning house...
0.8 an alternately amusing and tragic portrait of post-traumatic eccentricity, focusing on two parents who are unable to get over the loss of their two sons after a car accident.
0.6 Another entry in the fallout-from-grief genre, but it subscribes too readily to the theory that tragedy automatically equals importance.
0.8 A finely made drama about a seriously disturbed family.
0.5 The material is slim and becomes slimmer still by our advance grasp of it; what's meant to be novelistic in detail instead comes to seem belabored. Not a bad film. A misfire.
0.8 One of the best Irving adaptations, a movie with a sad soul and something to say about that state in us all.
0.8 It takes nerve to use dead children as apologists for adult misbehavior, but nerve is something novelist John Irving has never lacked.
0.7 ...a film both fluid and hermetically sealed, inviting multiple interpretations and yet ultimately reluctant to give up its secrets.
0.875 This is a film to wrap around yourself like a blanket, huddling from life's harshness and tasting its riches.
0.7 Bridges and Basinger craft deeply layered, complicated characters whose flaws are substantial yet compelling enough to be liked by audiences.
0.7 Leaves the viewer with lots to think about but not much hope for the human condition.
0.75 One of the more faithful adaptations of a John Irving novel to date.
0.75 Bridges' performance is a marvel of hard acting made to look easy.
0.4 I failed to connect with any one of the film's three main characters.
0.2 I can't forgive a movie for boring me. I can be offended, upset, incensed or infuriated. Take everything I hold sacred...and throw human waste on it.... Just don't bore me.
0.8 Williams bravely blends moments of levity into what is inherently a serious subject and also lends the film a restrained but stylish aura appropriate for the story's tony setting in the Hamptons.
0.875 The richly rewarding film is funny, sexy, tragic, touching and sometimes kind of sweetly bizarre
0.625 There is something almost too familiar about its themes of marital discord, familial breakdown, and taboo relationships
0.6 This is essentially an actor's film and the principals are all solid, with both Basinger and Bridges turning in some of their best work.
0.75 One of those movies that screws up the small details while tapping into the larger issues.
0.75 While the story trips over all the symbolism and takes a glib turn, it is rarely sentimental.
0.875 An excellent rendering of the first third of A Widow for One Year, and one of the best John Irving adaptations to date thanks to the Oscar (R)-worthy Bridges and Basinger.
0.5 Well-composed as it is, The Door in the Floor is far too precious to evoke much more than a distanced, aesthetic appreciation.
0.875 A careful study of grief and love, remaining incredibly true to parts of Irving's novel while leaving most of it untouched.
0.625 In many ways, despite its adult sheen, it's as foolish as any other disposable summer film.
0.75 Bridges is clearly having the time of his career.
0.375 More than once during the movie, you'll find yourself thinking 'Who are these people, and why am I sitting here watching them?'
1.0 A beautifully acted examination of the bedeviling and perversely inspiring legacy of family tragedy, it's one of the most sophisticated American films of the year.
1.0 An alert, adult and intelligent film.
0.75 Irving writes about the consequences of the choices we make with endless and honest empathy for the flawed and damaged, and Williams does that too, allowing us to feel deeply for Ted, Marion and the future of Ruth.
0.625 We're asked to care about a self-absorbed children's author, his depressive, self-absorbed wife and their self-absorbed 16-year-old assistant.
0.5 Feels more about a situation than actual people. It's sensitively rendered, filled with those necessary evocative details, and it never rings true.
0.8 A compelling, beautifully acted drama.
0.86 Dark cinema, but also perceptive and revelatory in exploring how an ill-fated couple struggles to cope with tragedy.
0.75 Bitter and bracing...
0.5 The Door in the Floor is unfocused beyond repair.
0.75 A likable drama within its limitations.
0.7 Filled with darkly off-kilter humor and uncomfortably funny moments that resonate both emotionally and intellectually.
0.25 The Door in the Floor is a film about child abuse. The filmmakers either don't realize this or don't have the courage to admit it.
0.7 If 'storytelling is all in the details', then the little moments add up to a movie worth seeing.
0.75 After Garp, this is the best screen treatment of the bunch.
0.6 Works better as an actors' showcase than as a wholly satisfying filmgoing experience.
0.8 An American tragedy, exquisitely shot in the muted tones of the New England painter's scenes of desolation and disappointment.
0.5 As tenderly acted as Door is, it never finds its tone or purpose.
0.625 A languorous, fitfully compelling screen adaptation.
0.625 As directed by second-timer Tod Williams, The Door in the Floor tackles each sequence as if it were a separate movie; the tones never match.
0.75 [Bridges] bursts through The Door in the Floor like it was made of plywood and, in the process, delivers the year's first full-bodied dramatic performance.
0.25 Showcasing three individuals whose spiritual and physical journeys are both repellent and mundane, the film is just a long and pointless slog.
0.875 Extraordinary in every way, from the pitch-perfect performances to the delicate handling of explosive subject matter, The Door in the Floor is also a model of page-to-screen adaptation.
0.625 One of the better adaptations of a John Irving novel.
0.625 Director Williams' tale never quite finds its footing.
0.5 The transformation of what Irving wrote to what Williams filmed is a classic case of diminishment by movie convention.
0.9 Jeff Bridges offers perhaps the wittiest and richest piece of screen acting by an American man so far this year in the best movie yet made from John Irving's fiction.
0.5 Handsome but coldly uninvolving and pretentious.
0.625 That Williams occasionally comes close to the author's layered spirit is a tribute to his passion. But the film fails on a number of levels.
0.8 An unassuming pleasure.
0.75 [Williams] maintains a well-judged equilibrium between the characters' agonies and forced exhilarations.
0.8 A sophisticated, intelligent, summer film for adults who yearn for something more than popcorn flicks.
0.5 Something feels missing here -- like a middle and an end, maybe.
0.75 Williams handles the main line of the story, the war between Ted and Marion, clearly and strongly.
0.875 A stunningly well-acted drama for grown-ups.
0.75 This is classic Jeff Bridges, an actor whom we should just retire the term 'underrated' to describe him and give the man his due as one of the finest actors in any medium.
0.75 Subtly captivating, fact-of-life moment(s) define (the film's) emotional timbre...
0.375 Sleazy in that Irving incestuous fashion: highbrow and lowbrow--Cheever doing beaver.
0.7 A strange, dark, complex, multi-layered and intricately constructed narrative examining how people deal with a devastating tragedy.
0.8 The Door in the Floor is one of the best films of the year with its mature treatment of loss, sexuality and the emotional education of a young man.
0.75 For the most part, The Door in the Floor is well-made, and it held my attention throughout, but this is one of those motion pictures where it's easier to admire than like the final result.
0.5 This goes on for almost two hours and soon we're bored to tears.
0.625 Jeff Bridges brilliantly juggles the comedic and tragic aspects of the material. Too bad the film as a whole is a mixed bag.
0.75 There are more than a couple of moments in this film ... that get Irving's sense of grotesque tragedy and tragic grotesquerie just right.
0.4 fails to even approximate reasonable human emotion or behavior
0.7 This movie's heart is set on suggesting that the cure for what ails you emotionally is sex. And, if it's a little on the forbidden side, all the better.
0.375 A smutty, bargain-basement version of In the Bedroom.
0.625 The picture feels bleak and dirty, like looking through a dirty window pane at an abandoned house.
0.375 There's literally no way to miss the memo that It's All So Quiet is about dealing with the encroachment of death, as it's there in every scene.
0.875 The notion of Vietnam as quagmire is literalized in this stunning 1981 action-suspense film.
0.8 Beyond its genre roots and its deeper meanings, Southern Comfort is a well-honed study of characters and setting.
1.0 An atmospheric, tough-as-nails survival tale, and arguably Walter Hill's best movie overall. Well cast with a great Ry Cooder score. Packs a definite wallop.
0.8 Perfectly entertaining gung-ho war flick. Walter Hill knows his action.
0.8 Goes down relatively smooth. Pour yourself a glass or three of its namesake, and enjoy!
0.8 What it all means is open to interpretation. Read it as a parable or as a horror movie. Read it as the story of love between a girl and her dog. Read it however you want. No matter what your take, you won't be disappointed.
0.875 Emotionally visceral, visually amazing movie with an underpinned social commentary that hits like a brick. See it.
0.9 White God has all the moralistic themes and allegorical elements to make the film evergreen when applied to almost any social, political or socio-economic conflict.
0.875 White God offers a dark - very dark - take on the way humans exert authority, and superiority, over our fellow creatures.
0.7 Kornel Mundruczo knows not of subtlety. The Hungarian director's brash new feature White God is over the top in all kinds of ways, for better and worse.
0.7 Call the shelter; this one's a keeper.
0.75 A mixed-genre fable that evokes Dickensian melodrama, coming-of-age tropes and outright horror.
0.75 Think "The Incredible Journey" crossed with "The Birds" crossed with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes." Or maybe just imagine "Cujo" as told from the dog's point of view. Don't take grandma.
1.0 It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie.
0.625 Even those who don't buy in completely to Mundruczo's parable will be impressed by his canine crowd scenes, staged with ambition, skill and genuinely original vision.
0.625 Intriguing, but the movie's larger statement isn't clear.
0.75 Rarely does a film's execution achieve or even exceed its director's ambitions, but Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's "White God" is that rare movie.
0.75 White God is a feat of practical filmmaking...
0.8 What holds Kornel Mundruczo's scrappy film all together is its fierce and forceful political metaphor: society's underdogs - be it ethnic minorities, the poor, the disenfranchised - if pushed too far, will bite back (in this case literally).
0.65 Milo and Otis by way of The Birds by way of I Spit On Your Grave.
0.75 This is fascinating to watch on a purely elemental level, as Mundruczo employs creative smoke-and-mirrors to make once cute dogs seem like menacing terrors.
0.9 ... there is much to admire in this near exceptional film, and I guarantee you will be fully invested in the two leads.
0.875 Imagine an "R" rated Lassie by way of Spartacus. That's Kornel Mundruczo's White God, a brutal but stirring fantasy about street dogs rising up against cruel and indifferent humans.
0.75 A rousing creature-feature thriller and political allegory, from Hungarian director Kornel Mundrucz.
0.75 Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo downplays White God as a "genre experiment," but his film has real bite regardless.
0.8 Somewhere between the future shock allegories of the '70s and their TV spin-offs circa The ABC Movie of the Week lies White God.
0.7 The screen teems with vitality and energy whenever the dogs return to center stage.
0.7 Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart.
0.875 Director Kornel Mundruczo goes big with allegory, violence, drama and sentiment, and the results are riveting.
0.4 Imagine a gritty version of the 'Simpsons' episode where Santa's Little Helper runs away and becomes a scary fighting mutt - shorn of the Laddie subplot, alas.
0.75 Striking, grim, darkly funny at times. But who, exactly, is going to want to watch a movie built around graphic dog abuse?
0.8 A poignant Hungarian parable about the terrible things that can happen when there is no reverence for dogs as fellow companions.
0.5 It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery.
0.8 Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth.
0.8 Director Kornel Mundruczo's staging of the scenes in which the dogs take to the streets is breathtaking.
1.0 White God is perhaps the greatest dog movie made without CGI.
1.0 White God isn't for everyone. But it is an unflinching, extraordinary piece of film-making.
0.8 A beautiful and bizarre film that veers between gritty realism and haunting fantasy, and from a human perspective to a dog's-eye-view of the world.
0.8 Superbly acted allegorical drama with a climax that is not only breathtakingly exciting but flawlessly handled.
0.6 This is an entertaining, technically accomplished work, but unlike the 1982 Samuel Fuller race-relations thriller which the title references, its set-up ultimately proves distracting.
0.6 White God is an ambitious and thrilling, if a little uneven, canine-centric drama.
0.8 Who let the dogs out? This is Homeward Bound: The Incredibly Harrowing Journey ...
0.8 This powerful Hungarian drama features the Al Pacino of dog actors.
0.8 Mundruczo skillfully weaves adventure, coming-of-age, prison-escape and revenge-thriller tropes into a mythic, emotional and visceral experience that poses moral questions about how people treat animals and how people treat people.
0.75 A broad but often poignant allegory of oppression, it's like the beautiful puppy of Au Hasard Balthazar and The Plague Dogs.
0.8 A sort of apocalyptic fable in which the maltreatment of lowly animals becomes a potent metaphor for everything from immigration to the abuse of power ...
0.8 It is a fantasia of canine madness that looks sometimes like a horror-thriller based on something by James Herbert or Stephen King - and sometimes like a tribute to Hitchcock's The Birds. Except that this time it's The Dogs.
0.125 Cameron Mitchell, playing the masked psycho, delivers one of the most obnoxious performances ever in a horror movie...
0.3 Except for some flashes in the last 30 minutes where the inherent creepiness of clowns and whispery voices buys the film some atmosphere, it's got boredom to spare.
0.7 Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
0.3 too little too late
0.625 [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
0.8 Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
0.6 Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
0.4 spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
0.6 Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
0.82 ...an odd and benighted film.
0.625 Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
0.7 "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
0.375 Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
0.6 Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
0.5 The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
0.5 What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
0.625 The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
0.5 Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
0.5 Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
0.625 a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
0.75 Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
0.5 With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
0.375 The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
0.5 The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
0.3 ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
0.75 Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
0.5 Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
0.75 "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
0.5 "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
0.5 Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
0.625 Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
0.5 Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
0.4 Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
0.5 Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
0.3 Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
0.75 It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
0.625 Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
0.7 ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
0.25 Spacey's portrayal of Abramoff gets at the man's contradictions - his ostensibly devout Jewish faith next to an almost sociopathic blindness to his misdeeds - but it never even partly explains them.
0.5 It's a movie of sporadically entertaining scenes that add up to a vaguely unsatisfying whole.
0.6 The biggest asset in Casino Jack is Spacey, who plays Abramoff as the cynical, snappy type of character he made so memorable in American Beauty.
0.5 Hickenlooper offers a one-dimensional portrait of a jacked-up Abramoff.
0.7 Irreverent and satirical with cocksure brilliant Kevin Spacey adroitly handling the constantly shifting, darkly absurdist allegiances.
0.5 If you care about the material, you already saw it done earlier, and better, in the Gibney film.
0.6 Embellishing Jack Abramoff's story with so much humor makes the film feel more like a political parody than a document of what really happened.
0.5 Mr. Hickenlooper's oddly apolitical caper film loses itself in the puzzle of its protagonist's personality.
0.6 A refreshing take on the political crime drama.
0.625 Golden Globe nominee Kevin Spacey has a ball and then some playing the devil inside Jack Abramoff, the corrupt GOP lobbyist who ran wild during the W. years.
0.6 ...suspended uneasily somewhere between comedy and drama
0.75 Spacey has a field day as the hyper-energetic Abramoff, the former producer of the Dolph Lundgren epic "Red Scorpion" who observes that "Washington is Hollywood with ugly people."
0.7 [H]ow a bill becomes a law in DC--a comedy. . .Spacey gives the full razzle dazzle of a flamboyant, complex idealist-turned-wheeler dealer. . .Lovitz is hilariously serious.
0.5 If being trapped in the dark with a pair of hopped-up con-artists... for an hour or so is your idea of fun times, then [this] might be the perfect unreality show for you.
0.6 The movie also hints that it's OK to be a hypocrite as long as you point out the hypocrisy of others.
0.6 Abramoff offers Spacey his most distinct and galvanic character since his highly entertaining take on Lex Luthor in Superman Returns
0.5 Though the film is peppered with one-liners tailor-made for Spacey to sling with stinging effect, it doesn't so much leave you laughing as just weary, and wishing this weren't a true story at all.
0.4 Anyone who's seen Gibney's superior version will immediately be struck by how false this fictionalized account feels.
0.75 Spacey is the reason to see Casino Jack. This movie will stand alongside The Usual Suspects and American Beauty as examples of what the actor is capable of accomplishing when he is properly motivated.
0.3 Somehow manages to make corruption boring.
0.6 There is something fascinating in seeing a really successful criminal mind doing his thing.
0.5 The film seems determined to make Jack Abramoff halfway redeemable, a questionable goal given the real-life damage the man wrought, no matter how much the system may have been to blame.
0.75 A revisionist history bio-pic, reminiscent of Charlie Wilson's War, which recasts an arrogant influence-peddler behaving like he's above the law as merely a bad-boy bon vivant with the best of intentions.
0.8 A fast-paced and spunky depiction of the power-plays, greed, corruption, and grandiosity of GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff, a larger-than-life wheeler-dealer.
0.4 Embodies the apathy of all those bad liberals who talk about how terrible things are and continue about their day.
0.5 ...a sporadically compelling yet lamentably uneven endeavor...
0.875 Has been described as a 21st-century 'The Grapes of Wrath,' but its plot twists are of the type that might have caused Tom Joad to hightail it back to Oklahoma.
1.0 In The Overnighters documentarist Jesse Moss found his story and pursued it with remarkable empathy, all in the best traditions of the genre.
0.9 Moss lets his characters and their stories unfold, crafting a film from them intuitively through the right interview questions and the art of editing, but never placing a narrative on it that feels forced.
0.8 Moss is an incredibly sympathetic filmmaker, and his master stroke is to structure The Overnighters as a portrait of both an individual and a community.
0.875 The Overnighters, an ambitious documentary about the plight of the working class directed, produced, and photographed by Jesse Moss, is one of the trickiest nonfiction films to emerge in quite some time.
1.0 Full of ambush, surprise, illumination, it's a total corker. And Moss and his camera, somehow, are there every time a new bottle of truth is opened, with a gush, a pop or an explosion.
0.9 It would be a fascinating-enough doc, until a shocking third-act revelation brings it to another level.
0.875 "The Overnighters" is commendable for many reasons, not the least of which is the way it allows complex issues to remain complex. There is a clear conflict between the pastor and the town, but there's no good vs. evil.
0.875 So much of "The Overnighters" tells all sorts of truths, and Moss earned the trust of his subjects, whatever they might think of the result.
0.875 Moss films this tale of economic anxiety and almost pathological compassion with an uncomfortable intensity. His camera captures hushed conversations, spilled secrets and moral trespasses with barely a flinch.
0.5 A sobering must-see, The Overnighters speaks to the eternal dilemma of doing the right thing in a community beset by suspicion and fear.
1.0 Through patience, skill, discretion, and trust, Jesse Moss has taken a seemingly small town story and turned it into both a microcosm of today's most urgent issues and a portrait of a single suffering soul.
0.875 This is a damning indictment, a modern-day Grapes of Wrath chronicling nothing short of basic decency's collapse in a depressed environment of mistrust and unease.
0.8 Acute portraiture - and for a sobering depiction of an America in crisis that looks shockingly close to the desperation of the 1930s.
0.8 Jesse Moss's documentary is as compelling and heartrending as any drama.
0.8 Moss has put the documentary together in painstaking fashion, somehow managing to be there, filming discreetly, at all the most intimate and climactic moments.
0.6 It's one of those Steinbeck-style stories of migrants, poverty, desperation and hope, a heartbreaking picture of men who still believe they are living the American Dream in broken-down trailers doing grim, unhealthy jobs.
0.8 Jesse Moss's tough, absorbing documentary could almost be a modern-day Grapes of Wrath, all about the US oil industry's fracking boom in North Dakota.
0.8 Demands a rewatch, and is so stuffed with incident that someone should remake it into an overcooked, Americana melodrama.
0.8 Moss allows the natural facets of this story to shine through, creating a gem of a documentary that's raw, honest and brutally relevant.
0.8 An urgent portrait of compassion under fire.
0.8 A boldly provocative tale of flawed humanity and hardship.
0.8 Long before this unexpected development, The Overnighters has established its credentials as a beautifully crafted, multi-layered piece of storytelling, and as an important snapshot of the new Great Depression.
1.0 Every moment, including a surprise ending, will bring tears to your eyes.
0.8 A painful and poignant excoriation of the American dream.
0.82 The Overnighters is the kind of film that asks us to forget abstraction -- to instead remember the details.
1.0 Moss was basically a one-man production crew, which explains how he was able to film such intimate, painful conversations. His work is haunting - one of the best documentaries of the year.
0.8 A social-justice documentary that packs a visceral emotional wallop to the heart and mind, The Overnighters could scarcely be more relevant to our stressy, fearful present.
0.9 The Overnighters is a shattering documentary and character study that doubles as a layered exploration of a community's faith (and lack thereof).
0.875 While "The Overnighters" has the feel of an epic, given what an expansive slice of America's current economic experience it ponders, it's also a very intimate one.
0.8 The thrill of The Overnighters is in witnessing a heartrending payoff that could not be anticipated nor written-and, miraculously, closes the movie on a perfect irony.
0.625 Fact and fiction bleed into a sometimes aesthetically questionable, but consistently compelling interrogation of the ever-diminishing space for social ethics and Christian-based morality within state-level governmental order.
0.8 The Overnighters is as worthy a case for additional industry across the First World than any political speech.
0.8 Brilliantly develops into a snowballing drama of the human condition.
0.875 The film features stunning third-act revelations that compel viewers to rethink its characters' actions and motivations.
0.875 A very thoughtful and bewildering drama about a man who was meant to do great things in a world that was not ready to accept his eccentricities.
0.375 The intriguing subject matter is, to an increasingly dismaying degree, rendered moot by filmmaker Morten Tyldum's run-of-the-mill sensibilities...
0.875 A highly entertaining, immaculately produced drama about a genius-hero whose stiff-upper-lip resolve can't block a kick in the teeth when, years after the war, he is prosecuted for the 'crime' of homosexuality.
1.0 A well-crafted character study which just might land the talented Benedict Cumberbatch a coveted Academy Award.
0.875 A moving tribute to an extraordinary man.
0.7 Cumberbatch gives a performance that is, by turns, awkward, triumphant, and heartbreaking.
0.8 Deftly directed by Morten Tyldum (Headhunters), the film does a great job building tension as these eggheads bond in a common cause against the Nazis. Yet as a cinematic celebration of the work Turing and his team did, the film is heavily qualified.
0.625 Nearly every moment is infused with Importance.
0.75 If you don't know who mathematician Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) was, then 'The Imitation Game' is a solid introduction to this complex individual whose discoveries were the foundation of the modern computer.
1.0 What's with the fascination in 2014 about World War II? This is the best of three very good films and looks at the invention of the computer by an unusual cast of characters.
0.7 The Imitation Game walks a fine line in making the familiar effective, also reflecting A Beautiful Mind at points.
0.8 The Imitation Game is impressive, particularly due to Cumberbatch and Knightley and the highs and lows of Turing's truly remarkable life.
0.8 A rich performance with the pathos and drama of a new age of technology set within the hardships of war.
0.5 It's hard to make the workings of the scientific mind dramatic, but unfortunately The Imitation Game doesn't even try.
0.8 Enthralling history unveiled in this well-acted film
0.9 Is The Imitation Game middlebrow stuff as some have claimed? In a sense, yes, it probably is, but that doesn't prevent it being compelling entertainment.
0.8 What could have been a very dry and earnest film emerges, under the intelligent direction of Norwegian Morten Tyldum working from a screenplay by Graham Moore, as a gripping and still rather extraordinary story.
0.6 Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive, moving performance is the film's beating heart, and the best reason to see it.
0.875 Cumberbatch's performance is riveting, but Knightley deserves credit for doing it backwards and in heels, so to speak. In fact, Clarke probably deserves her own biopic as one of the few female practitioners of the code-breaking art.
0.8 The Imitation Game is an astounding story, both for its marvel and its misery.
0.75 Knightley here gives a mature performance that matches Cumberbatch's in commitment.
1.0 Cumberbatch's masterful performance dominates the movie, inevitably evoking his updated version of [Sherlock] Holmes... But where his Sherlock is smooth and lofty, his Turing is lofty with rough, jagged edges that keep rubbing people the wrong way.
0.6 For the filmmakers, there are simplifications that must have been inevitable, for dramatic and narrative purposes, when it comes to depicting the years of wartime work. But what of the other choices that have been made?
0.8 A compelling true story of perseverance and persecution, The Imitation Game has a lot of information it must convey to its audience. Time is of the essence. And time was always running out for Alan Turing.
0.875 The Imitation Game is a great story that's well-told, about a man who was different from many of us -- which is to say that he was exceptional at a time when the world needed such a man most.
0.8 This beautifully designed and photographed period drama, adapted from Andrew Hodges' book The Enigma by debut screenwriter Graham Moore, centres on three important points of Turing's life.
0.75 Cumberbatch is terrific. His Turing is an intense, intellectual force and stirring mix of remote, vulnerable and present.
0.6 [Benedict Cumberbatch] has had a meteoric rise, and for good reason -- he's really good at what he does. Here, he does a lot with a little.
0.875 In a year of terrific performances by leading men, Cumberbatch gets my vote for top honors.
0.6 Even though its construction feels (*cough*) formulaic and (*ahem*) by-the-numbers, it's all in service of making Alan Turing's legend known -- as well as the tragically unjust actions taken upon him years afterwards.
0.625 It's mostly to Cumberbatch's credit that The Imitation Game plays like a solid, engaging historical drama, interesting enough to suit audiences that aren't interested in either World War II history or technology.
1.0 Morten Tyldum's masterful drama neither shies away from Turing's homosexuality nor lingers on it, framing nail-biting events at Bletchley Park with the mathematician's 1951 arrest in Manchester.
0.6 It's a well told but somewhat unexciting and placid little movie that, despite the star wattage, you'd expect to catch on a Sunday afternoon on BBC2.
0.875 Cumberbatch does what he can to fill in the blanks and he is the real thing here -- all shyness, rudeness, acid comments, pathos, dazzling intellect and aching melancholy, while suppressing his velvety star charisma.
0.7 Although well-crafted and performed, The Imitation Game proves to be much to conventional a film about an unconventional, remarkable and tragic life.
0.8 This is a human drama that invites you to think, not just about the technicalities and the philosophies behind code-breaking, but also the social and psychological themes.
0.875 An engaging story about a remarkable person.
0.9 a thriller that really does thrill and at the same time draws viewers into a mathematical problem.
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch gives a performance sure to be remembered come Oscar nomination time
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch gives an empathy-stirring performance in the year's best biopic.
0.875 A vibrant work that refuses to be relegated to the status of just another Brit biopic appearing in the thick of awards season.
0.85 The Imitation Game is an extraordinarily riveting film with a superb score and a performance from Benedict Cumberbatch that is awkward, brilliant perfection and a welcome consideration for one of the most powerful on screen presences of the year.
0.75 Produced with a Masterpiece Theater eye for period detail, but also with a missionary's zeal to honor a wrongly dishonored man.
0.875 Cumberbatch is moviedom's man of the moment, and with this painfully human performance, the actor who has specialized in difficult geniuses finally cracks the code of compassion.
1.0 This film's overall success hangs on Cumberbatch and what is, to date, his finest performance on the big screen.
0.7 The film plays out in a satisfying manner, but with subtlety having served its purpose, it becomes increasingly bombastic about its intent.
1.0 While their careers include fine performances, Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley are so ambitious, so subtle and so intelligent as the protagonists of "The Imitation Game" that their earlier work feels light.
0.8 Despite its title, Tyldum's film isn't some imitator or wannabe. Rather, The Imitation Game, highlighted by a layered turn from Benedict Cumberbatch, is the real deal.
0.8 Turing may finally be getting what he deserves as the straightforward and well-acted The Imitation Game, featuring a strong performance from Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing.
0.875 "The Imitation Game" is both an education and a pleasure - and another chance to revel in what Cumberbatch can convey in eloquent silence.
0.75 Unlike The King's Speech, which won a clutch of Oscars for its dull propriety and Masterpiece Theater vibe, The Imitation Game is vibrant and lively, engaging you on several levels.
0.75 Cumberbatch's finely calibrated performance helps bring to life one of history's lesser-known stories and most shameful injustices.
0.2 Consider the code cracked, translated, and laid out for all to see: different is special is good, and ordinary morality is a sham, anyway.
0.8 It's an exceptional piece of work, while serving as a commentary of how the fight for human rights is still very much in its infancy, and how far we still have to go.
1.0 Cumberbatch Heartbreaking, Brilliant in "Game."
0.75 Succeeds at rendering an irascible man sympathetic.
0.7 The film is rarely anything but entertaining and humorous but its approaches are visibly commercial.
0.9 The Imitation Game is a story that needed to be told; the highest compliment I can give Mr. Tyldum, Mr. Cumberbatch, Mr. Moore and their collaborators is that they've honoured Alan Turing.
0.5 An agonisingly shallow, de-historical depiction of Turing as psychological agent.
0.875 It's easy to see The Imitation Game as a triumph - after all, Turing accomplished what all the experts claimed was impossible - but it's equally apparent that underlying the triumph is a tragedy.
0.75 Serviceably dramatizes an important historical story while giving rising star Cumberbatch suitably juicy material.
0.9 It's a lovely year end present. Near perfect, and damn entertaining with moments of thrills, triumph, and sadness...
0.8 Many actors are too cowardly, or too egotistical, to play an unsympathetic character. So Cumberbatch's performance deserves more consideration than many of his peers'.
0.625 As uncomplicatedly likeable and effortlessly rootable as its main character and star, The Imitation Game ultimately wins at any easy game, when it could have risked - and revealed - so much more.
0.6 n the end, The Imitation Game ably details a little-known corner of the WWII story, one that has incredible relevance today.
0.75 The Imitation Game is simple, but it is also cogent in making the case for its subject's place in history...
0.8 You can't help but walk out feeling as though you've just seen one of the more important stories about one of the more important people - gay or straight - of our time.
0.875 There's a film to be made about how government secrecy came spiraling out from Bletchley to conquer the future in which we now live, but "The Imitation Game" would rather give you a very good night at the movies.
0.875 A handsome and stirring film of Second World War ingenuity that also succeeds as cracking good entertainment.
1.0 Imitation Game is partly a tragedy, partly a history lesson, but largely a dramatic plea not just to embrace those who think differently, but actually appreciate them.
0.8 There is nothing unique about the film itself - except for the mesmerizing performance by Benedict Cumberbatch in the lead role.
0.75 "The Imitation Game" leaves Turing's essential mysteries intact, but they will nonetheless find even the most public contours his story ripe with drama, excitement and deeply affecting resonance.
0.75 The actors save the day.
0.75 "The Imitation Game" translates Turing and his team's achievement for a lay audience, while dramatizing the personal, scientific and bureaucratic obstacles they faced.
0.8 Cumberbatch nails it. If only the film did, too.
0.625 Like the recent The Theory of Everything, The Imitation Game does a better job with the historical bullet points than with the interior lives of its characters.
0.9 A well-written historical drama that also feels fiercely contemporary.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a great biopic. The trouble is, biopics just ain't that great.
1.0 A lively, exciting beat-the-clock thriller. Frequently sharp and witty.
0.6 The Imitation Game may not be the big screen biography Turing deserves, but if this is the one that introduces his work to wider audiences, we'll take it.
0.8 Strong performances buoy teen-friendly historical drama.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a fantastic piece of historical theater that never fully embraces its cinematic identity.
0.8 While Cumberbatch will get all the accolades, his character's younger self is inhabited by actor Alex Lawther, whose performance matches and complements the lead marvelously.
0.875 There's truth to it. Turing's story is indeed hard to imagine. Thanks to Cumberbatch's committed performance, a lot more people will know it.
0.77 Cumberbatch creates a memorable character who is at once fascinating and off-putting.
0.7 Cumberbatch has the ability to spin Turing's absence of tact into comedy and pathos.
0.6 An entertaining thriller, but a miscalculated biopic.
0.875 Benedict Cumberbatch is brilliant.
0.75 It's frustrating but the movie works thanks to Cumberbatch's excellent performance and the eternally powerful image of the tortured hero.
0.8 The story of Alan Turing, and his immeasurable contribution to modern society, is superbly adapted for the screen in The Imitation Game.
0.7 Too bad the film often seems more concerned about its own year-end legacy than its subject's.
0.875 Most likely, it was the intent of screenwriter Graham Moore to make a puzzle out a film about puzzle solving. That is not necessarily a bad thing, however, once the pieces fall into in place.
0.4 2014 may go down as the year the music kidnapped the movies.
0.875 Thoroughly entertaining, utterly conventional.
0.7 Beatifully capturing the era, the acting by Cumberbatch and Knightley is very good, but the well-directed story doesn't need the couple of trite plot devices that diminish the end product.
0.6 "As fine-tuned and moving a performance as Cumberbatch delivers - all the more impressive for being created from scratch, since no audio or video recordings of Turing exist - the film's Turing suffers an acute lack of an inner life."
0.875 The film's prime force is Cumberbatch, a great actor whose talent shines here on its highest beams. It's an explosive, emotionally complex performance.
0.625 It never quite brings everything together into a dramatic whole.
0.75 Based on the biography by Andrew Hodges, Imitation illuminates Turing's brilliance in an engrossing and moving film that features a standout, Oscar-worthy performance by Benedict Cumberbatch.
1.0 It's a sad and heartbreaking story that keeps you nailed to the screen for its entire 114-minute running time.
0.9 Prestige biopics don't get much better than "The Imitation Game." This is a special film.
0.4 'The Imitation Game' doesn't embarrass itself by trying to explain convoluted mathematical issues; there's nothing on the order of 'A Beautiful Mind''s forehead-slapping breakdown of game theory.
0.9 A riveting and emotional historical piece that bolsters one of the best performances of the year by Benedict Cumberbatch.
0.6 There's an algorithm for making an Oscar-ready prestige picture - and "The Imitation Game" follows it obsessively.
0.7 Handsomely made, respectably acted, and reveals an interesting and important piece of world history. In other words, it's a standard biopic.
0.8 A biopic that plays out like a cerebral thriller, this film traces the life of Alan Turing, the British maths genius who essentially invented the computer and won World War II before being driven to suicide by a cruel legal system.
0.8 Engrossing, if emotionally evasive - featuring Benedict Cumberbatch's exceptional performance...
0.8 The Imitation Game does justice to a great British hero and a story of incredible triumph against impossible odds.
0.875 Intriguing character study and exciting war drama rolled into one
0.8 The film-makers have set out to tell us a yarn and they have succeeded admirably. Celebrate a film that will enhance rainy bank-holiday weekends for decades to come.
0.6 Simplified and conventionalised though it may be, this has to be accounted the most compelling dramatisation of Turing's story yet.
0.8 Fascinating and thrilling, The Imitation Game keeps you gripped by always offering a reminder of what's at stake, as well as exploring the mind of a brilliant but unfairly treated war hero who should never be forgotten.
0.8 Nothing can soften the tragedy that characterised Turing's later years, but this remains a testament to a singular, brilliant man and his extraordinary achievements.
0.8 No guns-blazing thriller, this is an old-fashioned code-cracking drama.
0.4 Such an astonishing, crucial life as Turing's deserves a more courageous, inventive film. Not this opportunistic, King's Speech -like Oscar grab.
1.0 A great performance by Benedict Cumberbatch and an illuminating portrait of the large role secrets can play in our lives.
0.6 Amounts to less than it should but still worth a jaunt.
0.6 Despite its flaws, The Imitation Game watchably recreates one of Britain's finest hours, and one of its most shameful.
0.6 Morten Tyldum ties it all together with such steadfast dedication to fine-ness that makes it very difficult to be cross with his film.
0.6 It's not a bad film, but it's certainly a timid one ...
0.8 A superb thriller and a worthy biopic of a real hero.
0.8 A finely etched character study, with Cumberbatch on towering form. Set coordinates for the Oscars.
0.6 Do I think The Imitation Game is among the year's best films? Absolutely not, but that should not be held against the film that is, warts and all, an intelligent and mostly entertaining historical drama.
0.5 Given the liberties the film takes, it's surprising that it refuses to penetrate Alan Turing's carnality and allow Benedict Cumberbatch to truly wrestle with the torment of the man's sexuality.
0.8 Turing is a tougher role to play than it might once have been, but Cumberbatch burrows beneath the surface to reveal someone with machine-like logic locked in a soulful struggle against an inhuman society.
0.8 With a large dose of Sherlock and a sprinkling of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, Benedict Cumberbatch is just brilliant in the role of Alan Turing.
1.0 To feel gripped, on edge and moved in such a short period of time is of real commendation to Tyldum, who takes his audience through the motions in this unforgettable piece.
0.8 This is a very clandestine way to make a liberal message movie, but it works. You could almost say that it serves up Oscar bait in code.
1.0 Benedict Cumberbatch is odds-on to be nominated for an Oscar (at the very least) for his brilliant turn as Alan Turing.
1.0 Cumberbatch bristles with brilliance in this handsome biopics the British do so well about the fascinating, tragic story of mathematician Alan Turing.
0.8 The Imitation Game is a surprisingly brainy war picture about some of the more unexpected heroes behind the scenes.
1.0 Morten Tyldum's espionage thriller about Alan Turing is purely sensational with a performance for the ages by Benedict Cumberbatch. One of the year's very best.
0.9 Utterly absorbing true-life spy thriller. Cumberbatch is wonderful.
0.8 The Imitation Game makes a compelling case for futzing with the details of a biopic in order to get a more engaging message across.
0.6 The Imitation Game is a film about a human calculator which feels... a little too calculated.
0.8 The intrigue and intensity of the war and espionage plot are compelling, but Cumberbatch captivates as Turing.
0.8 Headhunters director Morten Tyldum and Benedict Cumberbatch, at the top of his game, forge the definitive account of Turing's life.
0.6 It's too formulaic, too efficient at simply whisking you through and making sure you've clocked the diversity message.: without square pegs - like those played by Cumberbatch and Knightley - the world would be by far the poorer.
0.6 The Imitation Game puts Alan Turing's life on a conveyer belt. So we understand him less as a human. Other than his connection to his machine.
0.8 Hidden codes, secret meanings and mixed messages pulse through the reliable, old-fashioned, buzzing copper wires of this true-life British period drama.
0.79 Strong, stirring, triumphant and tragic, The Imitation Game may be about a man who changed the world, but it's also about the world that destroyed a man.
0.625 ...something I'd want my preteen children to see before they get too much more sophisticated.
0.75 Home-grown jihadists as wankers. How very British.
1.0 Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself.
0.7 Four Lions doesn't always reach satirical perfection, but it comes fairly close.
0.875 [It is] a biting, laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest, funniest comedies in recent memory.
0.6 The comedy is as black as can be, both silly and sharp ... It just doesn't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal.
0.875 Is it insensitive? Jaw-droppingly so. But it's also tremendously funny, and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror, it can't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess.
1.0 The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris's chutzpah for demanding that the film's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film's financing.
0.7 If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy (think Dr. Strangelove) then Four Lions, a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis, is on fertile soil indeed.
0.8 Chris Morris's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time.
0.5 [Morris's] new comedy has a provocative, ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers, but can't decide who or what to take with them.
0.75 It's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad, much less one that actually inspires laughter.
0.4 The overall result is decidedly uneven: there's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent.
0.75 A dark farce sitting somewhere between "Dr. Strangelove" and "Duck Soup." It will blow you away.
0.6 The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying, and that's OK - even necessary - for now.
0.75 The film wisely doesn't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder: Instead, it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous.
0.75 A comedy (!) about inept suicide bombers
0.75 It proves that everthing is a laughing matter. Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy.
0.625 Four Lions is more interesting than riotous. Consider it an example - a well-paced, clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear.
0.7 Really, these guys are just knuckleheads. And the movie is full of outrageous laughs.
0.5 Once you get over the initial novelty, you're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary.
0.8 Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires. But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film.
0.3 Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove (1964) -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon. And the firecracker sometimes doesn't even go off.
0.875 An absurdist satire that's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end.
1.0 I think it's appalling in all the right ways. While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable, I'd argue that the subject warrants it.
0.5 "Four Lions" is a daring, brilliantly conceptualized film, but like the bumbling bombers of the title, the execution tends to be hit-and-miss.
0.75 It's an exceedingly dark comedy, a wicked satire, a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains. It's fueled by both merriment and anger.
0.9 What's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it's willing to follow this group all the way.
0.9 Brilliant, risky, controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure don't have to be a genius to blow yourself up.
0.9 It's truly an incredible piece of work, and something that needs to been seen, and actually feels essential. It's truly, for better or worse, a film of our times.
0.9 Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it.
1.0 Brilliantly funny; one of best comedies of the year.
0.7 A comedy of errors and terrors? Who woulda thunk it?
0.875 Four Lions isn't just the funniest movie of the year-it's also one of the smartest.
0.8 Amid all the laughs in Four Lions, there's plenty to think about, particularly since Morris keeps the film grounded in well-researched reality, stocked with characters who are built from real-world examples.
0.25 The director, Chris Morris, has been successfully making TV and radio comedies for 20 years. But he falters in this, his first feature. He's taken what might make a funny sketch and forced it to run more than an hour and a half.
0.5 The movie falters with an inconsistent tone.
0.9 You laugh until the laughter turns to ashes in your mouth. And then you laugh some more.
0.7 It's not your usual comedic fodder, but the director and co-writer's extensive research and profound intellect elevate the film above mere farce.
0.625 An ambitious, uneven new farce that dares to mock the motives and personalities of four suicide bombers who plan to attack the London Marathon.
0.625 When it works -- and it doesn't half the time -- it's as if Monty Python were back, putting its merrily imbecilic stamp on the dark world of terrorism.
0.5 A brazenly comic, fatally inconsistent romp that tries to destroy radical fundamentalism with ridicule.
0.6 will be remembered less for its politics than its general bravado
0.8 Pitch black comedy laughs in the face of fear and compassion simultaneously.
0.7 Whatever the flaws of Four Lions may be, the movie neither coasts on multicultural smugness masquerading as openness (of the "They have their reasons" variety), nor does it reach for any cheap philosophical answers.
0.75 Four Lions is well acted, and the dialogue is howlingly funny.
0.9 'Four Lions' truly is one of the best and most original comedies of the year.
0.5 Four Lions would like to be scandalous; the best it can manage is being intermittently amusing.
0.85 Funny, smart and original, Four Lions has a lot to say without ever hitting you over the head or standing on a soapbox.
0.8 A provocative gem that doesn't glorify terrorism as much as it does smart, courageous filmmaking.
1.0 Four Lions is about as funny and ferocious as films come. Never before has the phrase 'You'll laugh; you'll cry!' seemed like such a genuine, ominous threat. Chris Morris' confronting satire is not for the faint-hearted.
0.9 The film is tasteless and offensive. It will be especially offensive to jihadists. It is also very funny.
0.8 This one goes out to anybody who likes their comedy, dangerous, thought-provoking and, above all else, funny.
0.8 A bitter, brilliant take on a world that is both ludicrous and nightmarish.
0.6 More than anything, the film works as a conceptual prank, a parody of the supposedly universal cliches of "humanist" cinema.
0.6 I think Chris Morris is a bit too clever for me. I didn't find this film funny at all, except for a couple of moments.
0.7 At its best, the film is very serious because it asks us to think about how such men are created. It's not uniformly successful, but it's far from being just silly or offensive.
0.6 Dodgy subject matter aside, Four Lions is hit and miss.
0.8 A thing of such valour that it ought to be required viewing for the naturally timid, the politically cowardly, the ethically unquesting, the morally shallow, and as a bit of a tonic for people who are too certain of what they already think.
0.7 Treating a taboo topic with broad comedy is dangerous business, as it risks trivialising something serious while offending rather a lot of people. Fortunately, these filmmakers are smart enough to get away with it.
0.8 A dark comedy about Muslim suicide bombers was always going to be a contentious endeavour, but in the qualified hands of satirist Chris Morris it proves bewilderingly effective.
0.8 Morris has created a film so relevant to our current political climate that many will feel guilty just for watching it.
0.8 You may have qualms and reservations about Four Lions but it will make you laugh and it might even make you shed a tear. It is comedy without a safety net. A comedy of terrors.
0.8 A howl of funny and frightening fury that takes aim at the idiocy of Jihadists while never letting us forget their lethal potential.
0.4 In the end, Morris's attempts to explore the boundaries of humour is exploded by a lethal combination of furtive political correctness and transparently terrible taste.
0.6 The film's attempts to not just humanise but to make us like the bombers undermines the comedy.
0.6 Not as funny or as controversial as many would have expected, but there are still many moments of Chris Morris genius here that will have you thinking about it for a long time after the credits end.
0.8 Some may feel that the subject matter should be off-limits to comedians, but there's nothing new about cinema mocking a dangerous enemy -- just look at Charlie Chaplin's classic The Great Dictator.
0.8 Guaranteed to offend a lot of folks across the political and belief spectrum, but consistently funny and horribly to the point.
0.8 Some scenes are hilarious; some are too loopy or uncomfortable to provoke laughs; all strive to achieve something genuinely unusual and essentially true.
0.8 Cutting satire is expected with Morris, but it's the heart that's the biggest surprise here.
0.2 Does making jihadists seem semi-lovable twerps do anything, ultimately, but trivialise the conflict? Perhaps if the film were funnier, we wouldn't look for reasons why comedy and global cataclysm seem a less than perfect match.
1.0 When Four Lions premiered at a festival in January, some reviewers complained that the mix of laughs and atrocities made them feel uneasy. Way to miss the point, chumpos.
0.8 Morris is not only demystifying the eponymous boogeyman, he's poking sticks at it, and laughing all the way.
0.8 Brilliantly written, superbly acted and frequently hilarious, this is a hugely enjoyable, jet-black comedy that gets a surprising amount of comic mileage out of its supposedly taboo subject matter.
0.9 Further proof that the Brits nail "topical" comedy earlier and better than anyone. A true original -- and FUNNY.
0.6 Chris Morris is still the most incendiary figure working in the British entertainment industry.
0.8 Both laugh-out-loud funny and as serious as a bullet through your artery.
0.6 How did Fincher - a director who is very good at supplying thrills to thrillers, whatever his other strengths or limitations might be - end up shepherding such a leaden film?
0.8 Extreme suspense, graphic violence; not for kids.
0.875 Valuing logic over brutality, David Fincher's claustrophobic ride also touted the real-world practicality of keeping quiet over the cinematic kicks of a loud thriller. It's like "Wait Until Dark" with helplessness that's emotional, not just physical.
0.5 There are so little things you can do with this story and a lot of it is pretty contrived.
0.75 [Allows] Fincher to shine as the skilled, stylish director that he is.
0.75 After his mind-bending, exhilarating Fight Club, director David Fincher takes on a more conventional Hollywood thriller.
0.8 Ultimately, this is just a big, dumb, commercial suspenser - but it's one of the best for ages, reminding us that it is still possible to make a high quality piece of popcorn entertainment.
0.8 Panic Room is a very scary film, well made and lovingly dark, and it illustrates how terrified we are of becoming the victims we see on TV.
0.625 Director David Fincher stuffs the film with showy camerawork, including a trip into a keyhole, down drainpipes and through air vents.
0.875 ... Further proof that Fincher is one of the cinema's true modern masters.
0.75 Solid
1.0 ...one of the most taut and exciting thrillers to emerge out of Hollywood in a good long while.
0.6 A film which finds Fincher doing a straightforward studio thriller but peppering it with enough of his own magic to keep his fans interested.
0.8 Atmosphere, deliberate pacing, intriguing characters, and edge-of-your-seat suspense . . . its only weaknesses coming in the form of excess on the finishing touches.
0.5 Let's hope Fincher has enjoyed his vacation in Popcornopolis; now may the real David Fincher, the black-tar heart David Fincher, please resume his post in the vanguard.
1.0 Seeing Jodie Foster lay on her pillow, helpless, as shadows walk through hallways behind her, frightened me to the core.
0.7 ...Even if it misses the mark on the thriller elements, it is at least stylish enough to be watchable.
0.8 David Fincher's directorial skill makes a tense tale snap with smart terror.
1.0 Hugely enjoyable thriller by David Fincher, with Foster back on top form -- stylish, thrilling and nail-bitingly suspenseful, this is top quality stuff...
0.75 Not a great film, but with such high-octane talent on board, it is better than run-of-the-mill.
0.625 For an average filmmaker, this might be a nice addition to a resume but for Fincher, this is a disappointment.
0.875 From the bravura title sequence ... to tracking shots of the criminals casing their target, Fincher is able to expand artistically while shackled to a claustrophobic setting.
0.8 OK, so we never have much doubt about what will happen, but Fincher pulls out all the visual stops to crank up the heat in this tale of five people in a Manhattan house on one dark and stormy night.
0.75 Fincher mounts some clever, tense sequences in which the trio devises increasingly threatening strategies to force Meg and Sarah out of the panic room, only to be matched with improvised ingenuity from behind the vault door.
0.875 Fincher comprueba que el cine de escapismo y entretenimiento puede hacerse de forma inteligente y sin ofender al espectador menospreciando su capacidad mental.
0.8 During the thrilling moments every ounce of suspense earned the right to be there.
1.0 Enjoyable, but not enough to make me panic.
0.875 a first-rate nail biter, a taut, claustrophobic thriller that is part modern Hitchcock and part Peckinpah with a gender twist
0.72 A tight and tense viewing experience.
0.8 Effective use of camera movements, slow motion and total silence - all to build the tension. You can feel the audience holding their breaths and it doesn't matter that you know what's going to happen next.
0.8 Mais um momento inspirado de David Fincher.
0.625 Very well made, but doesn't generate a lot of tension.
0.5 Visual flare aside, you have a film that takes few chances -- a novelty for a director who's made his reputation on revising the thriller genre to suit his kinaesthetic picture representation and existential stance.
0.875 Placing it in the wide perspective of many other thrillers, it most definitely stands out in the crowd.
1.0 This is good stuff and you'd have to be numb to not feel the suspense as tides turn and turn again.
0.8 Everything is perfectly planned and laid out.
0.8 Fincher crafts supremely effective suspense sequences.
0.8 Panic Room is pretty much all suspense; you don't exactly need Fiennes, Olivier and Gielgud in this one to make it work.
0.5 The 'fretful room' is a better description of this light thriller that unfolds like "Die Hard within a Budget."
0.6 The viewer may be incredulous but never bored.
0.75 David Fincher hasn't made a bad movie yet
0.75 Style definitely wins over substance, and it's difficult to imagine the film being as enjoyable an entertainment if that were not the case.
0.6 Although Panic Room manages to deliver a visual story about a horrific home intrusion, the film lacks overall creative narrative options that would sustain and effectively develop the film's horror and suspense.
0.875 Panic Room is a state of the art example of solid Hollywood filmmaking.
0.875 'Panic Room' is taut, convincing, stylish and edgy cinema.
0.6 As always, Fincher knows how to up the ante on the suspense, but even his dark, arty direction can't cover up the film's clunky, predictable screenplay.
0.7 Jodie Foster makes a good Sarah Connor, kicking butt and flashing cleavage...Panic Room isn't an edge-of-your-seat thriller, but it's entertaining.
0.875 Panic Room is like the Energizer bunny of suspense; it just keeps going and going and going.
0.75 'Panic Room" is a conventional, but well-crafted thriller which benefits from very talented actors.
0.5 For a film that feels suspiciously like an early summer release, Panic Room pushes just enough of the right buttons.
0.8 Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense.
0.8 Foster nails the role, giving a tight, focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling.
0.75 A superb exercise in eliciting suspense out of simple, progressively sticky situations.
0.75 Cookie-cutter though this may be, Jodie makes for some awfully good eye candy.
0.75 Style dominates content, even when it comes to such niceties as continuity and establishing shots.
0.8 It's a treat for the eyes and ears.
0.6 A well-crafted exercise in urban paranoia that's so controlled it never achieves the reckless, visceral immediacy its subject matter demands.
0.5 It feels less like a suspense movie than a video-game spinoff of a suspense movie.
0.75 [Fincher] magically crafts stylish suspense out of the narrative equivalent of thin air.
0.625 It's a triumph of technical filmmaking; as a story, it's got ice in its heart.
0.7 A generally taut and effective little thriller.
0.75 It might sometimes forget to make sense, but no matter, since it creates enough tension that the audience can hardly think anyway.
1.0 It's a terrific entertainment.
0.75 The star of this movie is Fincher, who has filmed it in a grand style that manages to avoid showy excesses.
0.8 The talented Foster manages to inject considerable depth into her character.
0.75 Fincher clearly has talent to burn, and though this one doesn't set the screen ablaze, it certainly sends up a few sparks.
1.0 A class act from its elegant opening titles to its intense, nail-biting climax.
0.875 Taut and forbidding, enough so that you won't mind the implausibilities.
0.625 Fincher brings suspense but few surprises to this mousetrap of a tale written by Pewaukee native David Koepp, who has baited it with a cheese-flavored McGuffin.
0.8 Foster brings much more subtle depth and insight to her character than is normally associated with such genre thrillers.
0.8 The sophisticated, superior performances [Fincher] coaxes from his entire cast start to layer in emotional subtext that lets this thriller chill your blood.
0.7 The tension builds from the very start and keeps on pumping for the rest of the film.
0.75 It confirms Fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight.
0.5 Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp can't sustain it.
0.75 It's a pleasurable revelation to see Foster feel out a role, both emotively and physically, with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here.
0.5 Foster usually makes intelligent choices, but, time and again, one wonders what she could have seen in David Koepp's script, which ranges from flimsy to nonexistent.
0.875 Unencumbered with the usual sociological weight his movies carry, Fincher gets to revel in the sheer gee-whizziness of his craft.
0.5 David Koepp has worked backwards to write the worst movie of his career.
0.6 While Jodie Foster's resourceful fight for survival is convincing, David Koepp's script is predictable and David Fincher's direction is manipulative.
0.7 [Fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller.
0.75 Once we sense Panic Room isn't going to cheat, it gathers in tension, because the characters are operating out of their own resources, and that makes them the players, not the pawns.
0.75 An acceptably diverting Saturday night at the movies, especially if you're willing to check your brains at the popcorn stand.
0.75 Features Fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity.
0.625 Because Room's own time is limited to the 95-minute range, things move fast enough to make it a movie to enjoy and then forget.
0.75 Yes, Fincher is stooping this time -- his posture may not be sublime, but he does manage to conquer most of our objections.
0.9 Panic Room might seem small and modest on the outside, but once in, the picture is an orgy of tension and thrills unmatched by any film in the last year.
0.6 Even without a twist or two, this compelling psychological thriller delivers the goods.
0.5 Koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own.
0.5 What goes on for the 110 minutes of "Panic Room" is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals.
0.625 Not even the expansion of Psycho's peephole into a bank of video monitors can convince of Panic Room's purported heritage.
0.8 The best new film of the year!
0.875 We should be so lucky if all popcorn movies starred Jodie Foster and had the delicious interplay of psychological will, strategic cunning and reasonably watertight plausibility.
0.6 What's surprising about this traditional thriller, moderately successful but not completely satisfying, is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be.
0.7 The script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis, but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off.
0.875 One of those rare movies where you realize you're being manipulated but you succumb to it because the guy who's pulling the strings is a master.
0.75 Works the basics with style and intelligence.
0.75 Tense, terrific, sweaty-palmed fun.
0.5 There is no shortage of twists and turns, but nearly all are easily maneuvered, and those that aren't only tend to test the traditional suspense-movie suspension of disbelief.
0.75 Defies logic, the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it. But darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats.
0.75 Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill.
0.8 A remarkably straightforward and effective thriller.
0.75 Fincher is a master of kinetic razzle-dazzle, goosing familiar or trite material to life with his high-tech bag of tricks.
0.875 David Fincher's Panic Room is the closest we've come to a film worthy of the banner "a female Die Hard."
0.8 This film had me crunching down on my fingernails and enjoying every tension-filled minute.
0.9 A taut thriller that would have made Hitchcock proud.
0.87 If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side, that's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in...and making you sweat.
0.75 Without question, "Panic Room" is robust thriller. But I expected more from a filmmaker as creative as Fincher.
0.875 The suspense in Panic Room never ebbs, and that makes for a thoroughly entertaining -- if somewhat exhausting -- 108 minutes.
0.75 In an intriguing opening title sequence, the cameras pan about New York City's skyscrapers with frightening panache as if each edifice holds some hideous secret.
0.9 The movie really moves at a breakneck pace and never really seems to slow down.
0.6 The film is pitiless and efficient, and it's certainly effective, but it isn't really a lot of fun to watch.
0.625 Panic Room may lack depth but it's great eye-candy nonetheless.
0.6 Explores the dark connection between guilt, sex, and Catholicism.
0.875 Production and direction wise, Wilder sustains his usual excellence. But his story is controversial and I am not one of those who can quite see The Apartment as the great comedy-drama he evidently intended it to be.
1.0 From such potentially edgy material Wilder and co-writer IAL Diamond sculpt an unforgettable romance.
0.75 Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems.
1.0 Beautifully written and directed by the great Billy Wilder, bittersweet and heartfelt, this is sheer delight.
1.0 Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine shine as two essentially good souls trapped in a tangle of office politics.
0.6 Wilder has made some truly great movies, but this one is not the masterpiece we thought it was.
0.8 Even over a half-century on, The Apartment remains a biting classic due to its modern romantic sensibilities and Lemmon's commanding, thoroughly charming central performance.
1.0 This really is a film of ever increasing returns.
1.0 No one does the pitchblack flipside of funny like Wilder, and 1960's The Apartment is the darkest he ever made.
0.8 Directed by Wilder with attention to detail and emotional reticence that belie its inherent darkness and melodramatic core, it's lifted considerably by the performances.
0.9 This Oscar-winning Best Picture still has the power and appeal that won audiences over back in 1960.
0.8 The cast brings the film together, showing Lemmon and MacLaine as more than just comedic performers, but also as those who can hold their own with heavier script elements.
0.9 A perfect mix of comedy, drama, and romance, The Apartment showcases writer/director Billy Wilder at the peak of his creative talent.
1.0 A screen gem that attained classic status in about as much time as it takes to comb one's hair.
0.8 With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning.
1.0 With tremendous performances by the two leads (Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine), this is yet another "must see" title to be found on Wilder's resume.
0.875 Billy Wilder somehow took a story about infidelity and suicide and made it into a comedy.
0.875 Billy Wilder further enhances his filmic resume with this tender portrayal of a lonely man who may soon get what he deserves. Jack Lemmon is terrific.
1.0 Humanism and cleverness age like fine wine, even if served with spaghetti strained with a tennis racket.
1.0 It's one of the most heartbreaking films I've ever seen.
0.8 A classic comedy, showing Billy Wilder at his cynical best.
0.8 It probably seemed more daring in 1960, but it's still adult entertainment in the best sense of the term.
1.0 Among the funniest films ever to win a Best Picture, this was also risque for its time (and perhaps it is today to some).
1.0 This comedy tells truths about American business and sexual mores as uncomfortable now as they were in 1960.
1.0 Sure it's a bit dated, but that's not the movie's fault. One of Wilder's best films ... and that's saying a whole lot!
1.0 Quite simply one of the finest comic romances ever made.
1.0 There is a melancholy gulf over the holidays between those who have someplace to go, and those who do not. The Apartment is so affecting partly because of that buried reason.
0.68 This cynical study of office politics and sexual mores by Billy Wilder, despite winning 5 Oscars in 1960, doesn't date well.
1.0 Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity.
0.3 It's impossible to feel sympathy for any of The Apartment's characters.
1.0 A barbed and occasionally brutal comedy with few illusions about personal or corporate ethics.
1.0 Great Olivier performance and direction.
0.8 Olivier's terrific performance and William Walton's sweeping score render it one of the best Shakespeare films ever made.
0.8 A bold, clear reading of Shakespeare's play and an exhilarating piece of wartime propaganda.
0.8 The dashing Olivier gives an exceptional performance, whether galvanizing his troops with his soaring oratory, or realizing on the eve of combat the king's profound isolation.
0.8 A towering performance from Olivier cements this as a true example of flag-waving cinema.
0.8 The first completely serious attempt to bring Shakespeare to the sound film.
0.5 If it has power now, it's for Larry's commanding soldier-king and for his audacious sub-Brechtian adapatation, which scythes the text to reveal the heart - notably in the extraordinary, moving, pre-battle 'A little touch of Harry' exposing cold fear's co
1.0 A stunningly brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, rich in theatrical invention, in heroic imagery and also gracefully regardful of the conventions of the Elizabethan stage.
1.0 Shakespeare's finest hour on the big screen to date.
0.8 A colorful, spectacular adaptation, made to inspire the WWII troops, which it does. Olivier at the top of his art.
1.0 That the film should get made at all was an extraordinary achievement, but Olivier, in his directing debut, also gave us the first large-scale radical movie re-interpretation of Shakespeare long before others.
1.0 Henry V was Olivier's first Shakespearean film, and he directed it with brilliant imagination and elegance.
1.0 Olivier not only took on the title role but the director's mantle, performing both roles magnificently.
0.625 Though intricately plotted and well acted, Minghella's characters feel more like symbols than flesh-and-blood characters, and their travails seem designed to illustrate a lecture about privilege, injustice, cultural stereotypes and bourgeois complacency.
0.8 Insightful, contemporary love story for adults.
0.5 Though Binoche does very solid work, she can't sell the idea of her and Law as a couple; the chemistry isn't there. Not much else rings true in Minghella's screenplay, which is full of coincidences and speeches about race and class.
0.625 A messy yet occasionally affecting drama.
0.4 Un drama urbano muy contemporaneo que explora superficialmente ciertas realidades sociales, pero que presta mas atencion a las crisis domesticas de sus personajes. Podria haber sido mucho mas interesante.
0.7 Minghella signe une %u0153uvre enivrante enumerant avec tact et intelligence les valeurs d'honnetete, de respect et de confiance decoulant de chacune de ses resolutions de conflit.
0.82 ...a handsome but regrettably underpowered and preachy movie about liberal white guilt.
0.375 When Vera Farmiga shows up as a ridiculous Romanian prostitute, we want to give her money just so she'll remain onscreen and continue to flash her chest and her phony accent and offer at least the promise of titillation.
0.5 A story of thievery and a torrid love affair, it takes a capable filmmaker and a skilled cast and locks them up in a holding cell of pretense.
0.4 Despite its title, Breaking and Entering doesn't crack these characters and doesn't let us see inside them...
0.875 Deserves to be celebrated as a work that comes closer than any other to achieving what the filmmaker does best: Reminding us that no matter what is happening on a larger scale, we are defined by our interpersonal relationships.
0.7 A restrained, low-key chamber piece about immigration and gentrification, and the emotional quicksand associated with marital betrayal.
0.625 The events that unfold never feel completely authentic. And its optimistic message of forgiveness feels too pat, as one character jokes in another context, to be contagious.
0.375 There isn't an honest human moment in the whole movie.
0.5 Despite its arty construction and clever dialogue, Breaking and Entering leaves us too chilly to care.
0.625 Minghella's screenplay may be a little too ambitious; it's overstuffed with plot and characters.
0.6 An intimate, but intriguing drama. It refuses to be categorized.
0.5 Minghella obviously has affection for his ever-changing London, but the city is a more intriguing character than any of the people inhabiting it.
0.6 As with all of Minghella's films, there's intelligence and texture and depth and feeling, though here the emotions can seem frostbitten. Perhaps the first thing that wasn't working and needed to be fully broken to heal was the script.
0.5 [Minghella's] need to meticulously control every situation, to so perfectly intertwine the lives of every character and to tie up every loose thread creates a degree of contrivance so unrealistic that the fine performances of the cast are muted.
0.4 Dramatically, it's pale and wan, an almost defiant bore. It sits there, like a month-old stew hiding in the back of the fridge: thick, gummy, indigestible.
0.4 An overly metaphorical mess in which virtually every character and story element is so choked with portent that the whole thing looks like a fire sale at Symbols 'R Us.
0.5 Maybe Jude Law should take some time off from acting. Maybe Juliette Binoche should get a new dialect coach. Maybe Anthony Minghella should try writing a movie ending that doesn't make everybody groan.
0.5 With all these unbelievable situations, the too-articulate-for-its-own-good dialogue, the dragging pace and the lack of chemistry between Law and Binoche, a viewer doesn't care how this mess all turns out.
0.625 For all its Bergmanesque agonizing, the film never digs too far under the surface. It fails to break and enter.
0.75 Breaking and Entering, not unlike a pair of other English dramas of recent vintage (Notes on a Scandal and The Queen), provides further proof that so-called serious filmmaking can be equally entertaining and provocative.
0.5 [Minghella has] simply traded the turgid solemnity of the period epic for the turgid solemnity of the indie drama.
0.5 With its overwritten, every-hair-in-place script, Breaking and Entering robs itself of reality.
0.625 Anthony Minghella's Breaking and Entering shimmers with good intentions and competency: Its blue/gray palette is elegant and unobtrusive; its cast is uniformly fine with occasional startling moments of brilliance.
0.625 Everything flows from the film's fundamental lethargy -- a hero without a spine, a romance without joy and a crime with neither moral rebuke nor consequences. No surprise that the story, like the protagonist, floats along in a noodly sort of way.
0.625 An A-list soaper on moral pins and needles, the film is urbanely textured, full of Brit glibness and plush layering. Minghella makes broodingly adult coffee-table movies, and sometimes we wish he'd just serve up the coffee.
0.625 No one is allowed to explode with emotion in this picture because if they did, it might interrupt our admiration of Minghella's carefully constructed story, with all its 'profound' connections.
0.625 Breaking and Entering is about a kind of white privileged guilt and the apologies that come with it. Minghella gingerly backs away from provocation, from realism.
0.75 Its waywardness may not make for the tightest of narratives, but it certainly gives the movie the pulse of real, random life
0.5 What are the meaningful connections between these people's lives? Are they real and significant, or are they just plot contrivances, the manipulation of pawns in an onscreen board game?
0.5 Writer-director Anthony Minghella tries to base his story on the messy, unpredictable nature of human emotional response. What he gets is mostly a mess.
0.625 Plays by its own rules and hopes prospective audiences are patient enough to follow characters whose lives are more rewarding to watch than the ho-hum plot surrounding them.
0.75 The film gives us hope about our ability to become better people when we're faced with difficult situations, but it's not sentimental.
0.75 A smart, well-mannered film that could use a little more juice and fire.
0.625 Seeing the film is like attending a refined cocktail party where social problems are clucked over and personal tensions are politely disregarded. When it's over, you wish you'd gone to a bar where people know how to have an argument and throw a punch.
0.375 A case of grade-A professionalism totally oblivious to the inanity of the work being put forth.
0.333333333333 Minghella has drawn intimate love stories from supernatural fantasies and widescreen epics, but not even he can turn sappy corn into social commentary.
0.625 Go see Anthony Minghella's jagged new drama, Breaking and Entering, and you'll feel as if you're getting two movies for the price of a single ticket. The bad news? Only one of these stories is actually worth your money.
0.4 Weak as both a forbiden afair drama due to the non existant chemistry of the illicit couple, and as a sociological exploration of the relationships between the rich white man and the ghetto boy, or even as a political approach of the Bosnian drama, B&E on
0.4 Breaking and Entering climaxes in a welter of apologies. Everyone in London, it seems, has cause for remorse and for my part I regret that I lost count of the number of times the words 'I'm sorry' were uttered on screen.
0.625 ... despite Minghella's admirable attempt to tackle major themes on an intimate scale, the film goes down like weak tea.
0.4 Another boring, messy, pessimistic relationship movie about men cheating and women behaving cruelly.
0.6 A shapely, intelligent piece probing the placid surface of London's trendy reputation to discover an array of 21st century maladies -- personal, social, political, criminal, even mental, but not, it transpires, dental.
0.4 Minghella raises some interesting questions on the subject of exile - whether from one's country, family, ethnic identity or self. But his conclusions feel pious and pat.
0.5 Makes the mistake of cluttering the screen and the story. They run out of time because of the filler, so the emotions are rushed to the extremes.
0.75 It's an unsettling pleasure, but pleasurable nonetheless, to listen to adults talk about intimate issues in an engaged, intelligent manner for the better part of two hours.
0.875 Minghella is aided immeasurably by his excellent cast, especially Jude Law, who seems to get better with every film, and a radiant Juliette Binoche in one of her best performances.
0.5 Minghella gives the impression that, underneath all the sludge, he has something very important to say, but this never makes itself clear.
0.4 Not quite a misdemeanor, but definitely nothing to celebrate.
0.54 One of Jude Law's best performances.
0.7 What is worse: the theft of material possessions or the theft of someone's heart? That's the intellectually engaging premise.
0.35 Jude Law needs to get a new agent.
0.5 The inner city doesn't work for either Minghella or Law in this tedious pot-boiler that even Juliette Binoche can't pull out of the fire
0.5 Perhaps the kindest way to describe Anthony Minghella's Breaking and Entering is to say it's evident as being broken fairly early during the proceedings.
0.8 A thought-provoking and ethically-charged film that greatly expands our moral understanding of the act of stealing.
0.375 From its class warfare premise to the presence of Juliette Binoche, Breaking and Entering plays out like a softer, more cuddly version of Michael Haneke's Cache.
0.375 A betrayal of a dedicated cast and a middlebrow demographic that deserves better than this handsome, pedagogical tongue bath whether it asks for it or not.
0.8 Minghella raises social issues his film may not be providing answers for... or, less than acceptable ones.
0.4 It's a smart film, but like much of Minghella's output, it is too polite to grip.
0.75 Minghella is a master at texture and depth, which makes up for some frustration with the characters
0.6 The film is saddled with a badly written, unconvincing ending that threatens to ruin the film completely - in fact, you're almost better off leaving the cinema ten minutes early and supplying your own ending.
0.6 Despite some admirably committed performances, the film is marred by a few plot contrivances that cast unbelievability into a story that strives to be about real relationships, real politics, and real economics.
0.4 Breaking and Entering is an intelligent movie with a great supporting cast -- virtues that prove to be its undoing.
0.625 An odd mix of the sophisticated and the sentimental.
0.6 Minghella returns to his roots for a moody and stylish London drama that's full of terrific scenes and strong performances. Although it's a little contrived and overwrought.
0.4 Like last year's Academy Award-winning Crash, Breaking and Entering is about random collisions between classes and cultures. It's also just as contrived.
0.6 0.6
0.3 I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish.
0.4 The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller, with violent confrontations, gunfights, plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene.
0.4 There's something heavy-handed, even for Sparks, in the telling of the couple's story, particularly when it comes to Dawson's family: they are leering, brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices.
0.625 A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation...
0.4 The Best Of Me, like all Sparks' work, would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real, scarred relationship.
0.5 Dawson is called a "white trash piece of (poo)" by his own daddy, which is rich, because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain, a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of (poo).
0.4 Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation: always the same, always a bit different (but mostly the same).
0.6 You can sneer, but I don't care - the heart wants what it will, and my heart wants Sparks. So there.
0.3 Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again, hoping his legion of fans don't notice the ruse, we've heard this Sparks song before.
0.4 The film is a huge letdown due to the script. The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with.
0.2 The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film.
0.2 The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels, this is the epitome of disingenuous, manufactured and manipulative. The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial "A"-list lovebirds.
0.25 "I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of 'The Notebook.'"
0.4 Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden, violent.
0.75 A syrupy, sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise.
0.4 It's a very silly film.
0.4 Bad boy meets good girl, families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending.
0.25 The sunlight is golden, the accent's rural (this one's set in Louisiana), people die, sagacious letters are read aloud.
0.4 By the standards of other Sparks productions, this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along, and everyone's making the best of a fairly blah job.
0.5 At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously.
0.2 I don't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them. They pretty much suck. What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level.
0.4 There's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself. The Best of Me treads all over that line.
0.2 Predictability is The Best of Me's greatest sin. The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs, where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative.
0.2 Cynical and lazy, The Best of Me feels as if it's assembled from parts of other, better weepies.
0.375 Interminably long, dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings.
0.625 The Best of Me isn't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story, which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks' work.
0.4 As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness.
0.5 "The Best of Me" is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics. At this point, even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better.
0.3 Like traditional pornography, The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction...
0.625 We've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past. I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher, less cliche-filled package.
0.2 Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song.
0.375 The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine.
0.25 Even permitting that the movie's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks's more complicated scenarios, that makes his failure to draw up compelling, flawed, human characters all the more conspicuous.
0.375 Isn't fate a funny thing? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up.
0.5 The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks, but audiences can certainly choose better.
0.4 It has a perverse integrity, playing every winsome stare and I'm-gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity.
0.3 A love story about as moving and genuine as a ballad crooned by a studio-manufactured boy band.
0.2 Sinks like a rock thrown into a sun-dappled lake shaded by magnolia trees sparkling under a sky of shooting stars.
0.2 The sugar content of this film is so horrendously high, it could be available on the NHS for hypoglycaemia.
0.4 Corny, dumb and predictable and rife with cliches, it's Dawson's Crap.
0.25 The actors are appealing enough and Hoffman's direction calm enough to qualify "Best" as better than its predecessors. That's rather like calling it the tallest midget, however ...
0.3 "The Best of Me" to actual romance what pro wrestling is to actual sports: A loud, overdone mix of sweaty clinches and implausible events leading to a conclusion you knew well before the start, never mind before the end.
0.25 Sparks would be delighted if this movie were compared to his other story about reunited lovers, but compared to "The Notebook," "The Best of Me" is the coffee-stained outline of a sales pitch for sleeping pills.
0.375 The Best of Me contains the nucleus of an inventive short story with a kicker finale. But stretched over 119 long minutes and directed with snapless flair by Hoffman, this tale of second chances becomes a wearying parade of sparkless Sparks.
0.5 Like the artificially sweetened junk food it is, this all goes down pretty easily.
0.25 Whether it's worth the price of a ticket is measured by your tolerance for treacly romance.
0.1 Already hobbled by an overwrought story that turns positively Hallmark-Movie-preposterous in its third act, journeyman director Michael Hoffman can't conceive of a single memorable set-piece or rouse his actors into action.
0.375 Corn on the bayou.
0.375 Monaghan and Marsden swim against the torpid tide of tripe that is Nicholas Sparks, and eventually give up and sink beneath it.
0.4 The conviction of the leads saves this from being a total stinker, although an ending of industrial strength stupidity places it a mere whisker away.
0.4 The Best of Me doubles down on the fawning. Both Luke Bracey and James Marsden whip off their shirts, strut their abs and perform intensive gardening, taking hand and shovel to fertile soil while sweating in the glistening Southern sunset.
0.6 As misguided and overemotional as a drunk high-school production of 'Romeo and Juliet', and just as weirdly, unintentionally entertaining.
0.2 The most vexing, and detrimental aspect to this picture, is the laughable choice of casting for the younger Dawson Cole.
0.4 A Hole in One aspires to the Sirkian social satire of Todd Haynes' Far From Heaven, but the result is closer to a Coen brothers film with all the funny parts removed.
0.375 Things play out differently than expected, though not in any particularly interesting or entertaining way.
0.3 Dreadfully misconceived.
0.4 With its heavy symbolism and awkward, lurching pace, A Hole in One leaves viewers with little more than the vague conviction that falling in love is better than an ice pick to the brain.
0.375 Director-writer Richard Ledes shows better command of 1950s period atmosphere than he does of either his subject or his cast.
1.0 In writer-director Richard Ledes dreamy, '50s-era film, the lobotomy is touted as a way of controlling the uncontrollable and pacifying the anxious.
0.5 Quirky to the point of irritation.
0.5 The film's tapestry of snarky sights and sounds doesn't exactly shed a complex light on the social and emotional problems and behaviors of people who lived in '50s.
0.6 ...from the opening titles, with their jangling ice-pick imagery, the film builds an appropriate sense of needling uneasiness...
1.0 It's easy to forget just how fine Cool Hand Luke is.
1.0 ...a gulag melodrama, if such a thing is possible.
0.75 Anchored by Paul Newman's thoroughly magnetic performance...
0.75 Newman remains watchable and glamorous throughout, bloody, muddy or coated in torso-flattering sweat, but the film's efforts to sentimentally "humanize" him by psychological revelation are clumsy.
0.8 The lines and the character have survived the film's oft-forgotten actual message.
1.0 ...most viewers will have little failure understanding the movie and its motives. They communicate brilliantly.
1.0 One of those movies you remember Great Moments from.
1.0 Too cool for words, then switches past midstream into a work of poignancy and power.
1.0 Preserves a time when one could not only get away with making an allegory with an existential hero, but stock it with an ensemble from the Actors Studio. [Blu-Ray]
0.875 gorgeous looking and terrifically acted
1.0 An amazing accomplishment by Newman as the best fight man has left in him.
1.0 Classic anti-hero story still packs a punch.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke rivals only One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as the best movie ever made about men locked up.
1.0 A tough, honest film with backbone.
1.0 What we got here...is a classic Paul Newman drama.
1.0 A seminal work.
0.875 It's as fresh and effective in 2004 as it was in 1967.
1.0 A masterpiece of justice and the injustice it hides.
1.0 That traditional object of sorrow and compassion in American folk song and lore, the chain-gang prisoner, is given as strong a presentation as ever he has had on the screen.
1.0 Cool Hand Luke is the most engaging allegory of Christ.
1.0 All in all, Cool Hand Luke is a damn fine picture that'll stick with you.
0.375 A synthesis of stuff we've seen in every gangster movie since the '70s
0.75 Hensleigh wields the techniques with a sure hand and uses them to construct a compelling, engaging narrative, but at the same time seasoned viewers will constantly feel a nagging sense of familiarity.
0.5 It's not just that the movie appears to find Greene far more charming than he was in Porrello's book. It's that Kill the Irishman never brings either freshness or energy to its tale. In the end, even the many explosions seem tired.
0.4 Certainly the filmmakers rounded up the right cast of tough-guy actors for this story of mob activity, but their presence doesn't lend much vigor to this unfocused and sentimental tale.
0.5 ...suffers from the twin deficits of a charm-free leading man and a screenplay that seems composed of dialogue and scenes written and then discarded by writers working on better films.
0.5 Hey, "Kill the Irishman." "The Sopranos" called. It wants its actors back. Along with everything else you borrowed.
0.4 Rushed and simplistic, with little sense of its characters as people or the flavor of their time and place.
0.75 [Stevenson is] crazily charismatic here, a blend of brash cockiness and sensitivity, and he makes a satisfying film even better.
0.625 Hensleigh romanticizes Greene and doesn't have a very nuanced understanding of labor racketeering. That said, he does possess a fine eye for shabby urban landscapes and a nice way with explosions.
0.7 The cast makes up for some occasionally spotty storytelling and telegraphing of events that keep "Irishman" from being as good as it could have been.
0.75 What makes this film special and memorable is the character of Danny Green, who is not the usual neighborhood hoodlum you see in movies, the kind who gets in deep and gradually loses his soul.
0.5 Stevenson is big and swarthy and not altogether without credibility, but he's got as much charisma as a potato.
0.6 The film is proof that a good story and a great cast can overcome a lot of obstacles.
0.7 I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I hope we get to see more quality mob movies sooner rather than later.
0.2 A movie that includes Val Kilmer, Vincent D'Onofrio and Christopher Walken shouldn't be dull, but somehow Kill The Irishman manages it.
0.5 At the same time overemphatic and insecure.
0.625 It's full of familiar old faces, a wee bit of color -- and, occasionally, a literally explosive charge of drama.
0.625 As a kind of St. Patrick's Day hangover, "Kill the Irishman'' gets the job done.
0.6 A mishmash of familiar mafia tale beats and rise to power/fall from glory tropes, the film is nonetheless buoyed by a strong cast -- particularly its star, Ray Stevenson, who plays the flagrantly coifed mad bomber Greene.
0.5 The setting lacks the gritty feel of the mean streets of New York, Jersey or even Boston mob movies. It is, after all, Cleveland. The story, which gets bogged down in detail, often feels predictable and lacks spark.
0.5 As Danny's old-lady neighbor puts it, there's a bit of good in every Irishman, and the same goes for this movie, what with the performances from Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Christopher Walken.
0.6 The film successfully evokes a mid 70's inner city look and feel, and builds dramatic tension, but from the title on down we know the ending that is coming.
0.75 The film stands apart from its countless predecessors in its evocation of the existential essence of a life spent perpetually looking over one's shoulder.
0.5 An extravagantly corny ode to the collapse of the Cleveland mafia in the 1970s.
0.5 In the lead role, the snarling Ray Stevenson suffers from a charisma deficit.
0.4 Cliched shards of mob movies that add up to the usual "Goodfellas" knockoff.
0.6 Yes, we've seen all this stuff before, but we've never seen this version of this stuff before.
0.75 A fun and entertaining take on the genre.
0.25 A mind-numbingly familiar saga of thuggish tough guys, dapper mafioso, and urban warfare that, despite a based-on-real-life pedigree, proves indistinguishable from its imitative brethren.
0.8 Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
0.78 Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
0.9 An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
1.0 And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
0.875 Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
0.8 At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
1.0 A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
0.8 An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
0.8 Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
0.8 Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
1.0 Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
0.8 At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
1.0 Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
0.875 It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
0.4 Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
1.0 Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
0.8 More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
0.0 ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
1.0 Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
0.625 I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
0.6 Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
0.6 Light but consistently entertaining ensemble comedy. Dean Cain is a riot.
0.6 An amalgamation of dozens of old television sitcoms.
0.3 Girls Against Boys is a pro-female exploitation flick that completely misses the mark on being pro-female, exploitation, and most importantly, a good movie.
0.875 ...a seriously off-the-wall little movie that offers more entertainment value than most efforts of this ilk...
0.7 There's more going on beneath the surface here than just another "angry women act out" horror story.
0.375 When it comes to "Girls Against Boys," it's a draw - everyone loses.
0.2 In "Girls Against Boys" both sides lose.
0.0 A dumb, dreary, let's-get-back-at-them slasher in which pulverized genitals pass for feminist critique.
0.2 Panabaker and LaLiberte give their all, but the movie is all moral compass and mainstream emotion, and never as edgy or transgressive as it thinks it is.
0.4 Writer-director Austin Chick throws in echoes of Abel Ferrara's feminist grindhouse classic Ms. 45, but the provocation feels hollow and the stylish direction-filled with pensive slo-mo-just slows things down.
0.5 There's nothing cool or sexy or thrilling about this lame attempt at a revenge thriller that deserves any attention beyond the DVD bin.
0.25 Essentially a horror movie in which the source of the horror shifts from capital-M men to crazed lesbianism.
0.5 As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes, 'Insurgent' is average.
0.75 Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely, a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts.
0.4 There's not a single frame "wrong" with the movie... but there also isn't anything in the whole of that's even fleetingly entertaining.
0.25 Miraculously, Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed, a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior.
0.4 Large interior scenes seem designed, propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical---I halfway expected someone to break into a song called "Beyond the Wall."
0.375 Dauntless, Divergent, Erudite, Abnegation, Factionless, Candor. May I add the audience faction, Ennui? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus, this is it.
0.4 The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences.
0.875 After the tepid snore that was the last "Hunger Games" installment, "Insurgent" is muscular, brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level.
0.6 Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted, with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains, and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments.
0.5 Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates, features little in the way of meaningful character development, and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived, contrived developments.
0.4 For a film about standing out, this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably.
0.5 The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping, less violence and especially less fitful dreaming.
0.5 Tris and Four never grow as characters, while Winslet's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework.
0.5 An angst-riddled, fast-paced sequel - a "Hunger Games" wannabe...
0.5 The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more. Thank God for Shailene Woodley though.
0.4 still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film
0.2 It's all a bit of an unengaging muddle, covered over with concrete grunge, clean white labs, and stagy special effects.
0.56 You won't feel like you wasted your money, but you'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on. Like a "Hunger Games" book.
0.4 Put it this way: At the end of this movie, not one significant character is frozen in carbonite.
0.46 The visuals didn't feel realistic enough to engage and overall "Insurgent" is a let down. Unless you're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it's based, I'd wait for cable.
0.3 Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine.
0.6 Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series.
0.6 Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really, for a mildly entertaining action film, Insurgent could have been much worse.
0.5 The dialogue is clunky, and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional. Moreover, it's all so earnest.
0.4 As a distillation of all that's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction, it could hardly be bettered.
0.4 It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series, but the gap is now huge. If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful, sharp-toothed canine, Insurgent is more like a slug.
0.625 It's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material, knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided, rather than its artistic ones.
0.875 As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut (a holdover from Woodley's role as cancer patient Hazel in "The Fault in Our Stars"), Tris comes into her own as a hero who's both dynamic and sensitive.
0.6 Dystopian sequel ups romance factor; still very violent.
0.4 Ironically teens aren't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic, pathetic, practically pointless movie.
0.5 Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge.
0.5 It's better than the first one, but I thought the first one kinda stunk, so don't take that statement as too much of a compliment.
0.5 Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent's last half-hour, in which the movie goes "lysergic," as on an acid trip.
0.6 Much like the last film, the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness.
0.625 Unlike Divergent, which required pages of premise-establishing exposition, Insurgent is more purely action-centric, as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees, hopping freight trains, trying to elude capture.
0.5 Thankfully there's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga, which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross.
0.625 Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes. Wanting to see where Tris goes from here&#151;and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life&#151;is more than enough incentive to keep watching.
0.5 [L]et's be clear: This is only slightly better than the last movie, with 'slightly' being the key.
0.4 Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel.
0.6 The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects.
0.375 This second installment, based on Veronica Roth's series of YA novels, feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014's Divergent, and lacks tension and excitement.
0.4 When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris, there's a spark. Otherwise, it's a plodding letdown.
0.6 It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine, James as her square-jawed beau, Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller (from Whiplash) as the Iago-like Peter.
0.5 It's impressive how the likes of Winslet, Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction.
0.625 Insurgent has more action than last year's debut film, which was modestly titled just Divergent. Action is what you want in a picture such as this, especially when you don't really have a lot on your mind.
0.625 It's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action, angst, and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach, thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises.
0.375 There's suspension of disbelief and then there's what the Divergent movies require, which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity.
0.625 Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes, but overall the film feels cold. Schwentke struggles to decide if "Insurgent" is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice.
0.4 Maybe you had to read the book?
0.4 less interesting than exasperating
0.6 The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel. But it's less of a chore.
0.625 Watch out Katniss, your competition is hard as nails.
0.6 A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman.
0.54 The performances are fine. Everyone is solid, though they're not asked to do too much.
0.5 A trio of screenwriters (Brian Duffield, Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback) whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions.
0.875 Smart, Slick and Superior to its predecessor.
0.5 It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations, moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride, free from clunky exposition.
0.625 Along the way, Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she'd rather forget. I know how she feels.
0.6 Luckily for "Insurgent," Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration.
0.0 Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller, this whole thing would implode into a black hole.
0.625 Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt, self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are, by definition, one-dimensional.
0.5 "Insurgent" would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning. But they are saved for the end, and they leave the viewer with a feeling of, "Well, that was OK," even though most of it wasn't.
0.75 If you've seen "Divergent," this builds on it nicely.
0.5 Fans of the first will love it. All others need not apply.
0.5 Even if you're curious about it, the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical, with action that never feels novel or exciting.
0.2 It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology, building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence.
0.4 Insurgent does get a few things right along the way, [but] they're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie.
0.7 A sharp improvement on the original, this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters...
0.5 "Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Tris cries at one point, and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled.
0.625 The cast still shines, but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels.
0.4 It scooped up the right star and it knows it; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness.
0.625 Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare.
0.75 Puts the urgent in Insurgent.
0.5 Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise, so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested. Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother.
0.5 Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor. Too bad its characters aren't any more interesting.
0.7 Insurgent succeeds because it doesn't bother explaining a darn thing.
0.5 A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado.
0.625 The actors are more or less saving this franchise's bacon.
0.5 Of the featured cast, only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode, although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed.
0.25 Practically everyone you're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else. So you might want to take the hint.
0.4 There's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films.
0.375 Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum, Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent.
0.875 While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie, I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp.
0.5 Trainloads of action abound (literally), but it's essentially generic combat. Punch, point, shoot, kill, get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits.
0.625 While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four, it plays as mostly resolved; you don't walk out of the theater thinking, I can't wait til the next one.
0.3 The only uprising that the regressive, repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers, rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors.
0.75 That's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too. But in "Insurgent," twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters.
0.35 School is out forever in the Divergent series. And honestly, after all that set up, I don't know that this world is worth saving.
0.2 Woodley, great in "The Spectacular Now" and "The Fault in Our Stars," is a humdrum action star. Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever.
0.4 The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four (Theo James) is non-existent.
0.6 The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging, but it's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating.
0.5 The finale, at least, gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA "Hunger Games" formula in the next film.
0.4 Maybe that's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move [for Woodley]. When you're watching Insurgent, trying to quell the boredom, all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her.
0.6 Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise, it just about makes sense, and Woodley sells it with all her conviction.
0.4 Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke's sequel to lessen bewilderment.
0.75 A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence.
0.4 Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth's derivative Young Adult series.
0.6 It's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies. Oh, boo hoo, your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task. You know, we all have problems.
0.4 "I know this doesn't make any sense," breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent's flamboyantly muddled finale, "but you have to trust me." You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that.
0.4 Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances, the entire movie feels like a simulation, devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes.
0.4 This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing, but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure.
0.4 Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity, and it's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving.
0.5 ...a sporadically compelling yet hopelessly inconsequential piece of work.
0.5 To put things into perspective, the campier "Saw" films are all better -- and more clever ...
0.6 Comes off as a semi-absurd variant of the horror mystique cheating the potentials of impeccable production values.
0.6 Gleefully brimming with body parts and bad behavior, Pathology is a fun piece of flamboyant tastelessness.
0.75 Even squeamish viewers are apt to be captivated by the tight, credible scripting; these 20-somethings talk and behave like today's irony-clad young sophisticates. And whatever your opinion of the subject matter, you can't fault the filmmaking.
0.6 Not exactly a great movie, but it's sick, slick, and strange enough to warrant a 90-minute look.
0.2 This is the film that should have been called "Coma"
0.5 Slickly made but utterly gratuitous, this wannabe-edgy thriller was an odd choice for Ventimiglia to make during his first Heroes hiatus.
0.7 If you are a hardcore fan of films like FLATLINERS, I guarantee that you'll dig this flick... PATHOLOGY is really a gem that doesn't deserve to be overlooked.
0.7 One of the more effective and chilling thrillers released this year.
0.6 Medical thriller mixes extreme violence, sex.
0.6 The sumptuous visuals make it eminently watchable.
0.7 With a surface like a trashy novel and the undercurrents of a social satire, Ozon's British period drama is a slightly odd mix, feeling both arch and astute at the same time.
0.4 Francois Ozon is a Gallic Michael Winterbottom, if not in style then at least in his determination to do something different every time. As with Winterbottom, sometimes the result is great and sometimes not.
0.6 The French director Francois Ozon has taken Elizabeth Taylor's beadily satiric novel and transformed it into a droll and somewhat disturbing fantasia on the creative temperament.
0.2 How director Francois Ozon received a Golden Berlin Bear nomination for this shoddy movie, The Sneak will never know.
0.4 A less than heavenly time is guaranteed for anyone who parts with their hard-earned to watch this formulaic period film.
0.6 Like Ozon's 8 Women, the costumes are magnificent and Angel's mansion is a shrine to the gods of bad taste. All that's missing is a heroine worthy of Bette Davis in her heyday.
0.2 But this really is a failure - an honourable failure, arguably, but a failure, and a pretty complete one at that.
0.6 The film bristles with contemporary subtext and takes swipes at mediocre artists who believe their own press, and the culture of celebrity.
0.4 Despite an impressive cast and a well-known director, this misfiring costume drama is a haphazard mess that ends up more unintentionally funny than emotionally engaging.
0.5 Ozon's film plays a difficult hand, never settling for all-out high kitsch or straight melodrama. One of the year's most charming failures.
0.4 Garai is great, but Ozon is about as adept at directing Brits as Woody Allen. Mind you, the set and costumes are glorious: this is one expensive folly.
0.6 Angel is both a sly take on the melodramatic films of another era -- imagine sets and scenery out of The Magnificent Ambersons, for example -- and a spoof of contemporary celebrity, among other things.
0.5 [Ozon is] too tony now for the vaguely subversive pastiches with which he made his mark.
0.5 The parts are ultimately greater than the whole in the case of Good Luck Chuck, with the overall chemistry between Cook and Alba proving more memorable than any particular joke or sequence. You may mildly enjoy Chuck as you're watching it, but the film wi
0.7 Sporting an excellent performance by a very promising young actress, this is a film that forces you to pay attention. More than that, it's fulfills the first requirement of any good movie: it's one you'll want to watch again.
0.875 Jekyll's tragedy in this unique Stevenson revamp is that he doesn't understand that much of humanity already lives a Jekyll-and-Hyde existence -- including his unfaithful bride, who is a 'perfect wife' by day and a 'perfect mistress' by night.
0.625 When you think 'Polish sightseeing destination,' Auschwitz probably isn't the first place that comes to mind.
0.2 In the hands of the director Vadim Perelman, it becomes a jumble of dramatic scenes and disorientating flashbacks that merge into a confusing, stream-of-consciousness narrative, and the twist, when it comes, is a complete cheat.
0.5 A thoughtful, if sentimental, semi-successful attempt to craft a drama about life and choice around the difficult subject matter of a school shooting.
0.6 The movie's relentless dream-like quality could induce slack-jawed wonder...or chronic narcolepsy depending how receptive the viewer is to non-linear narrative and super-stylised flights of fancy.
0.6 A touching tale from director Vadim Perelman with a surprise ending that leaves you plenty to ponder.
0.4 A sudsy potboiler with a twist you can see coming from the title.
0.4 Part Elephant, part Jacob's Ladder, moments of bruising power are dulled by overwrought symbolism and a baffling wrap-up.
0.166666666667 Ambition and accomplishment are aeons apart in this would-be meaningful drama.
0.2 Surely the point of a "twist" is that it should slot into the plot with a satisfying click, not that it should invalidate 50 per cent of what came before it?
0.4 Vadim Perelman's drama is both tasteful and tedious. With its honeyed visuals, affluent air and coy portents of disaster, it's like an advert for private health care played out on an endless loop.
0.4 The film's dogged repetition of its pivotal scene has to go somewhere, but it's enslaved to a narrative conceit even M Night Shyamalan might find a trifle gimmicky.
0.6 Absorbing.
0.4 Flitting back and forth in time, it's too confusing to entertain, while Wood and Thurman look nothing like one another, making for a disjointed and often dire experience.
0.2 Poorly conceived, badly written and ultimately ridiculous drama with a jaw-droppingly crass twist ending that backfires horribly.
0.2 The ending is as baffling as anything preceding it - giving rise to a genre conflict situation.
0.375 THE LIFE BEFORE HER EYES starts off as superficial, sentimental trite, then turns into an incoherent journey into God knows what.
0.2 baboyriarika poiitiko aytohaidema toy Perelman meta to House of Sand and Fog (2003), ayti ti fora dipla aforito, horis ena kapoio stori na krybetai kato ap' toys koyfioys loystrarismenoys symbolismoys toy
0.7 The surprises Perelman has for you along the way will blow your mind and have you talking hours after you leave the theater.
0.875 It's an underrated, and horrific little dramatic thriller that twists the noose at every turn...
0.4 Disturbing school-shooting drama is a puzzler.
0.8 ...slowly builds an emotional power that takes us by surprise...
0.875 Just ignore the critics -- in this case, we don't know what we're talking about.
0.75 Studio movies rarely depict Christians as fallible, thoughtful people who've been strengthened by faith but don't take it for granted.
0.4 The twist is exactly what you think it is, and it pretty much invalidates any emotional investment you can work up before it arrives.
0.8 (The Life Before Her Eyes) is one of those films that you will walk out of just feeling very shaken up and disturbed.
0.25 That the ending doesn't play fair with the audience is a misdemeanor; the felony is that the filmmakers don't seem to realize what an ugly moral statement they're making with it.
0.5 A 'Carnival of Souls' for Mitch Albom readers...
0.76 ... not so much a bad movie as an infuriating one, a pretty empty thing that wants desperately to be loved for its deep thoughts.
0.4 [J]ust when you think you're getting an interesting movie about women and their travails and triumphs, the whiffs of a Shocking! Twist! Ending! begin to appear."
0.5 And then, THUD. Like an Acme anvil, the ending smashes everything to smithereens and you're left as discouraged as Wile E. Coyote.
0.3 Full of fussed-over significant images and delicately planned interlocking narrative motives, and it's about as subtle and clever as somebody clubbing you over the head with a folding chair
0.5 What you get, in the end, is a pair of fine performances (from Thurman and Wood) and a technically well-made film that arrives at a foregone conclusion.
1.0 Thoroughly thought through and photographed with imagination and psychological penetration, it's the product of a very shrewd directorial hand.
0.25 The Life Before Her Eyes might offer a fresh perspective on aborted dreams, but its insights are buried under stale, inflated moviemaking.
0.3 Perelman eases the transitions between the past and the present with echoing phrases and situations, but they all seem rather pat and contrived.
0.3 If The Life Before Her Eyes has a message, it is that life is too short to squander on foolhardy meaninglessness. Take the film's advice. Stay away.
0.5 Director Vadim Perelman fetishizes the threat of violence with his caressing camera.
0.625 There are two very fine performances here -- Wood's and Amurri's -- but they're not strong enough to rise above the metaphor-laden script.
0.5 It's too clever by half, too facile in its use of sensationalist headline material, too far-fetched in its psychological fancy.
0.5 It's sad to see such subtle, wrenchingly emotional work expended on such trifling material.
0.625 What began as tragedy ends as mere sleight -- and turns a trusting audience into dupes.
0.25 An overwrought and patently offensive anti-abortion drama from the director of the accomplished House of Sand and Fog. Director Vadim Perelman doesn't play fair.
0.25 What this heavy-handed film mainly has to endure is a clunky story structure and an ending that wasn't original when it was seen four decades ago on The Twilight Zone.
0.25 [Director] Perelman applies a rigorous visual beauty to this thin gimmick of a movie.
0.4 What this film knows about grief, you could put in a haiku. (It'd read: "Death sucks, like really/Nothing else matters, ever/Therapy-what's that?")
0.4 As it plods along decorously, you have the sense of reading a poetic essay in which every image and metaphor is hammered too neatly in place.
0.4 tasteful, overwrought direction at its finest.
0.75 Paints a compelling and thought-provoking picture of not only school violence, but violence in general, and the trickle-down effect that a single moment in time can have on one's whole future.
0.4 The final twist ... only proves that the rest of the movie wasn't so confusing and irritating by accident -- it was designed that way.
0.75 Director Vadim Perelman blends two powerful performances into a seamless whole, giving equal time to the dreamy sensuality of adolescence and the crushing weight of adulthood.
0.75 Technically, the movie is impressive.
0.166666666667 Building up to what's supposed to be a serious moral dilemma, the noisy final act borders on incoherence.
0.75 Gorgeous, haunting and thought-provoking ... a solid sophomore effort from Perelman despite its potentially frustrating pace.
0.7 Audiences used to having everything spelled out for them may find the film too much work, but there are, I hope and believe, many people who appreciate and enjoy unraveling the mysteries of a poem or painting for themselves.
0.6 Involvement is less than it might have been as sympathy gets nicked away by the effort to resolve the associations and meanings. The search for the "ah hah!" moment is exhausting.
0.75 ...an intricately-plotted and richly conceived drama...
0.8 Szabo's film - co-written with Andrea Veszits - is concerned with the way in which, after a major switch in a political system, there is a period in which it takes people time to find their voices.
0.5 ...a predictable and almost distractingly one-note Lifetime drama that seems to have been geared exclusively towards the lowest common denominator...
0.6 Not anywhere as good as it should be.
0.4 Improbable re-enactment of an investigation into long-ago outbreak of hate crimes.
0.75 Well-acted, compelling, good script. Good message.
0.6 Hackman delivers some of the best work of his career. And this guy's been doing it for 30 years.
1.0 "Mississippi Burning" feels like a movie made from the inside out, a movie that knows the ways and people of its small Southern city so intimately that, having seen it, I know the place I'd go for a cup of coffee and the place I'd steer clear from.
0.625 The well of surprise is all but parched in the post-Tarantino seriocomic crime caper genre.
0.2 More Tom and Jerry than Thelma and Louise.
0.8 Engaging and successful for fans of the genre
0.5 Too much style and not enough of anything else.
0.5 The dialogue is banal and the characters are irritatingly dumb.
0.5 Full of sharp ideas but undermined by blunt-headed characters and logistical loopholes.
0.8 Why should boys have all the fun in the movies?
0.8 For all of us bad little boys and girls.
0.375 A movie about two of the most loathsome women in recent cinema, and the movie thinks the male characters are the villains.
0.75 The women operate at different speeds, contrast well and make a likable duo.
0.125 The results are odious.
0.6 At least nobody could accuse the director Bill Eagles or his writer Simon Donald of mealy-mouthed timidity.
0.75 ...an entertaining and darkly clever little British crime film, giving the spotlight to the girlfriends of the hoods instead
0.5 Would be more appealing if the women's behavior weren't alternately moronic and venal.
0.1 Loathsome as any mindless, blood-drenched Hollywood action-adventure yarn.
0.4 0.6
0.4 Barthes' film succeeds in depicting a woman in 19th century France for whom "life is a disappointment", but fails to explore why she might behave differently from countless other people with the same lament.
0.6 The first half is shot almost like a horror, all oppressive rumbling clouds and lashing of mist and shot of her back, suffocating corset laced up like a spine.
0.8 Apesar do foco excessivo nos dialogos ainda denunciar suas origens teatrais, o filme faz bom uso de flashbacks e conta com a interacao perfeita entre Sellers e Attenborough.
0.75 Don Jon is no kind of resonating masterpiece, but it's intelligent, thoughtful, funny, and dedicated to the cause of finding a personality and sticking with him through the excess of his addictions.
0.4 Wondering what exactly is revealed as a cure to Don Jon's addiction? Why, good sex, of course! Thanks, geniuses!
0.6 Gordon-Levitt is on top form, as is Johansson as the type of girl who only takes her gum out to eat.
0.8 The messages of the film are stark and genuine, much more so than one might expect having seen the promotional material.
0.8 A thoughtful, original and provocative feature-length directorial debut from Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
0.7 It gets harder and harder to support this passion for porn.
0.6 The entire movie seems to recalibrate and rebalance itself around [Moore], shifting convincingly into something more than a surface-heavy evocation of sterile on-screen onanism.
0.6 Alas, I didn't buy a word of it.
0.8 The end is satisfaction enough to justify the initially explicit means.
0.8 This certainly won't find a mainstream audience but it is fresh, well executed and entertaining.
0.6 Despite a contrived and sentimental ending, this is an entertaining riff on men and fantasy.
0.6 Starts mischievous and moves into maudlin.
0.8 With this writing-directing debut, Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers a remarkably assured comedy-drama while also giving himself a role that's far against his usual type.
0.6 A minor triumph that manages to raise some big laughs while delivering a thought-provoking message.
0.4 A superbly acted and sporadically amusing character study, but it's let down by an overly repetitive script, painfully underwritten female characters and a lack of chemistry between Gordon-Levitt, Johansson and Moore.
0.6 In a bravura performance, Gordon-Levitt sleazily revels in the role of bad boy...but it's a character undistinguished by light or shade and becomes wearing, a sex drive that ends up a cul-de-sac.
0.4 These are caricatures rather than characters, and neither Levitt nor Moore ever quite lock step with the film's snappy sitcom tone.
0.4 The naff accents and exaggerated mannerisms become very tiring over 90 minutes.
0.4 The work of a young director reaching to impress without having fully formed ideas ...
0.8 As a director, Gordon-Levitt demonstrates considerable technical flair through stylistic flourishes and coaxes great performances out of his co-stars.
0.8 Smart, witty and more than a little melancholy, Don Jon is a fist-pumping success.
0.6 Though Don Jon succeeds in being funny at every turn, it is less successful in being a movie with something important to say.
0.75 a fascinating and often compelling film, and a clear sign that Gordon-Levitt is a filmmaker of note whose future is bright if he continues to not play it safe
0.625 Don Jon is a solid debut, but my guess is that Joseph Gordon-Levitt will have some more exciting cinematic adventures for us as his career behind the camera continues
0.6 Gordon-Levitt shows promise as a director and his debut has bags of cinematic swagger.
0.8 Don Jon is a terrific directorial debut from Gordon-Levitt - funny, moving and with something to say about family and relationships.
0.5 Joseph Gordon-Levitt has not yet reached the "star" level where he can carry a movie.
0.7 A film with tense, ironic energy in the way that scenes flow and shots collide, but in a way that feels a bit overfamiliar and safe.
0.88 Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an assured debut as a writer-director with Don Jon, a cultural critique of the expectations placed on relationships in an environment saturated with media misrepresentations of both women and men.
0.5 JGL. DTF. Sorta.
0.75 Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns the gym-tan-laundry routine into an art form with Don Jon, his vibrant and viciously profane directorial debut.
0.875 Joseph Gordon-Levitt has teetered on being the Next Big Thing. He's finally there with 'Don Jon,' a grownups-only movie about addiction and compulsion in which he stars. He also wrote and directed this movie about a man's obsession with pornography.
0.6 It's difficult to rate a movie that doesn't really start until its last half hour.
0.75 An impressive debut as writer/director/star.
0.7 Don Jon has attitude, conveyed as much through the solid performances as it is through the director's unflinching approach to some complicated subjects.
0.8 I find it a film that's much easier to admire than actually like.
0.7 The fact that one can think of a movie about a guy hooked on porn as charming is high praise.
0.625 Technology has enabled this Don to do what the original Don Juan may have ultimately wanted: to be pleasured alone, giving nothing of himself.
0.8 A romantic comedy with edge. Joseph Gordon Levitt makes an impressive writing and directing debut. Scarlett Johansson is terrific.
0.8 Gordon-Levitt has delivered a lively, timely, and decidedly adult look at love and sex that is both uncommonly mature for a first-time director and very fresh.
0.875 It's Julianne Moore's character who most allows Don Jon to upgrade from being a humorous and perceptive movie about naughty Internet connections into a heartfelt and perceptive movie about necessary human connections.
0.1 Filled with frank conversation and gutter language, mysogynistic with misandry thrown in, it's probably not possible to make a tasteful movie about a subject as distasteful as masturbation, but this movie doesn't even try.
0.7 Offbeat, frank and often surprising gem.
0.7 Don Jon is like watching a far more well behaved Jersey Show. It takes the same beats presented on that awful reality show and polishes them for a more compelling and complex experience.
0.4 When you look past Don Jon as Gordon-Levitt's movie cotillion, it's a painfully superficial and paint-by-numbers story that offers very little character development.
0.875 A perceptive and often funny story with a refreshingly mature attitude about sex.
0.75 Don Jon" is obnoxiously funny, effortlessly identifiable, unusually tender, obscenely amusing, and an enjoyable R-rated comedy that is sure to captivate both sexes.
0.7 From 'Pillow Talk' to pornography in three generations! Sleazy yet seductive, Joseph Gordon-Levitt cleverly distinguishes the different between lust and love.
0.8 [Moore is] touching, Johansson is wonderfully awful and Gordon-Levitt is electric, making it easy to forgive the movie its meannesses.
0.8 Funny, witty, honest and eventually heartfelt, without having to pander to saccharine fantasies or gross-out raunch humor that have become mainstays of rom-com cinema.
0.7 "Don Jon" proves that Joseph Gordon-Levitt is one of the best and most versatile actors working today, and shows promise for a future behind the camera as well.
0.6 If "Don Jon" feels like a film that is spread too thin amongst multiple genres, it only goes to hint that Gordon-Levitt might be as talented behind the camera as he is in front.
0.875 This is the kind of American movie that comes along far too rarely. It's funny and entertaining, but it remembers who we are as human beings, does not shy away from our many flaws, and finds something endearing in all of it.
0.75 Never before has Gordon-Levitt disappeared into character as he does here.
0.7 Brave, bold and bone rattling, Gordon-Levitt's Don Jon makes for a bumpy -- but undeniably satisfying -- cinematic ride to the dark side, and back.
0.875 Gordon-Levitt's roots in culture go deep; he chalked up his first TV credit at age seven, and he was already a seasoned performer when 3rd Rock from the Sun came along in 1996. With Don Jon, he proves just as adept behind the camera.
1.0 Don Jon deals quite beautifully with the idea that real love can often be distinct from other phenomena that are commonly mistaken for love -- like the narcissistic desire to be loved.
0.5 Although the film's character portraits are vividly drawn, they remain largely one-dimensional.
0.8 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's porn addiction topic may not be for everyone. However, it's a great first movie from a terrific young actor and now writer and director.
0.5 [T]he movie has no clear idea who this man is.
0.7 Don Jon humanizes the Jersey Shore type by burying itself beneath the muscles and hair gel with a story about learning how to connect with another human being.
0.375 Hearing the star of "Who's the Boss?" drop about 500 f-bombs is one of the film's few pleasures.
0.75 Really, "Don Jon" could have - should have - gone on another 20 minutes. Then again, when was the last time you felt that about a romantic comedy? Or any movie?
0.4 Funny at times and touches on some interesting issues. But the Jersey caricature is so embarrassing that it ultimately sinks the film.
0.75 The movie has a keen understanding of how easily we can hurt other people by not considering them.
0.8 Who would have thought one of the most amusing and oddly insightful romantic comedies would be built around the power and the potent pull of porn?
0.8 Irreverent romcom about porn is insightful but very graphic.
0.875 GTL comparisons aside, Jon's sublime journey extends well past the shenanigans along The Jersey Shore's old boardwalk.
0.7 Much like my high school geometry homework, Gordon-Levitt gets the answer right but he fails to show his work.
0.8 "Don Jon" is bold and clever. Very sophisticated and mature in the way it showcases the sexuality of men and women.
1.0 Don Jon is a most unconventional romantic comedy. What's not so obvious is it's also one of the most relevant romantic comedies you'll ever see.
0.8 By treating Jon with sympathy but without sentimentality, Gordon-Levitt has given us a daring portrait of modern masculinity.
0.75 The sophisticated outrageous adult comedy we've been waiting for all year. It's smart, funny and has a charming message while hinting at Joseph Gordon-Levitt's seemingly limitless potential.
0.8 Gordon-Levitt enlivens Don Jon with such a sense of swagger, as a director, writer and actor, that the film feels fresh.
0.75 Unexpectedly bold and finally endearing, an impressive first directorial effort from a performer who has clearly learned a lot from being on television and movie sets all his life. Gordon-Levitt is the undeniable real deal.
0.8 Don Jon is a bold, sexy, and completely original comedy that proves Gordon-Levitt can do pretty much anything he sets a mind to.
0.74 Johansson walks away from Don Jon with one her best performances to date.
0.625 It's never boring, but the film plays like a thesis on the modern condition more than a genuine depiction of a romantic relationship.
0.7 [A] deceptively sincere movie about masculinity and its discontents that Mr. Gordon-Levitt, making a fine feature directing debut, shapes into a story about a young man's moral education.
0.5 By the time Jon learns that "you have to lose yourself in another person" (a nice turn of phrase), it's too late for us to lose ourselves in the movie. "Don Jon" is already gone.
0.75 Writer/director/star Joseph Gordon-Levitt takes an intriguing subject - human attraction - and nimbly probes it with wit, insight and a disarming forthrightness.
0.75 R-rating aside, it should be required viewing for every 15-year-old boy on the planet.
0.875 Rarely has a film offered such raw and honest talk -- with visuals, too -- about male sexuality.
0.75 The film manages to be extremely efficient, conveying its points, making the audience laugh, getting viewers invested and even breaking our hearts in just 90 minutes.
0.75 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's writing/directing/starring debut is like its diamond-in-the-rough title character. It shows a lot of unrealized potential, with enough charm to ease you past its shortcomings.
0.625 It's amusing but not especially insightful.
0.75 "Don Jon" deserves praise for wearing its message lightly and yet for daring to present such a lecture in today's Internet-drenched environment.
0.8 Writer-director-star Joseph Gordon-Levitt is so savvy about the workings of our small minds that he knows just how to reel us in (sex) before schooling us on the important things in life (love).
0.625 [Gordon-Levitt's] skills as an actor, and those of co-stars Scarlett Johansson and Julianne Moore, keep us watching, even as public-place modesty makes us want to look away.
0.75 One of the most adventurous actors of his generation, Gordon-Levitt has a good sense of just how graphically he can depict Jon's addiction and maintain the sympathy of both men and women.
0.75 Not exactly an original idea. But Gordon-Levitt goes at it with gusto, and style. Give the guy some props.
0.75 In the end, "Don Jon" offers the promise of progress without pat answers. It also offers the promise of the future work of an undeniably talented actor-turned-director.
0.625 The result is a bit confused but shows a genuine talent at work.
0.875 Gordon-Levitt is no slouch when it comes to taking risks as a filmmaker. I can't wait to see what he does next.
0.8 A sharp turn on the romantic comedy, a movie about flawed people doing flawed things, often in funny fashion.
0.7 [Although] Gordon-Levitt says a little bit about a lot of things,...Don Jon is a continuously entertaining and fitfully provocative first-time effort.
0.75 It's a dark comedy about matters of the heart, and how far some people go to take their minds off such matters.
0.75 Gordon-Levitt demonstrates he is a filmmaker with promise who blends a good ear for dialogue with fine pacing and an eye for making a good-looking picture.
0.875 Don Jon [is] a bruisingly funny, bracingly smart comic dare that marks a stellar feature directing and writing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who plays Jon with humor, heat and sneaky heart.
0.8 The strange spiritual journey of a young porno addict who shifts his perspective and is set on a different path.
0.5 The sound of one hand clasping.
0.4 The final moments hint at beauty and grace in Jon's new relationship, but for the movie, it's already too late.
0.75 Don Jon is visually interesting without being overbearing. The script finds a witty way to confront serious issues. And Levitt-Gordon takes on the personality of a guy straight out of Jersey Shore.
0.625 It's somewhat hypocritical that the movie has it in for romcoms, but what are you gonna do?
0.6 For a first time feature filmmaker, this is a brave attempt to examine the cliches of a modern romance.
0.75 ''Don Jon'' is a lark, but an enjoyable one with a full-hearted finale, and it further reveals the considerable talents of Gordon-Levitt.
0.5 [Gordon-Levitt] can act, and there's a possibility he can also direct, but there's no evidence in Don Jon that he can do both at the same time.
0.75 "Don Jon" is hardly as slick as its main character fancies himself, and that's OK. After all, as Gordon-Levitt's movie takes great pains to illustrate, what we constitute as perfection often proves to be a deceptive illusion.
0.4 Merely ends up trading one beefcake delusion for another.
0.75 Not a great movie, but a filthy-funny, sweet and smart one with a third act punch that will take your breath away.
0.7 Unconventional in the best ways, Don Jon is a charmingly smutty story about a man, his porn, and a much deeper struggle within.
0.375 Joseph Gordon-Levitt's directorial debut, Don Jon, does for porn-dependence what Shame did for sex addiction by offering a surface-level look at the effects of its specific pathology on its lead male character.
0.625 ...propulsive and thoroughly watchable...
0.85 A truly original character piece, hilariously funny and poignant, with enough humor and heart that more people will be able to relate to the characters than they'll care to admit.
0.8 A bold choice
0.6 Don Jon's Addiction is a fun, occasionally flabby romp that should find its audience.
0.6 There's more than a whiff of Festen and Altman in first-time director Christopher James's frantic, enjoyably overstuffed funeral drama.
0.4 Self-aware but self-regarding indie navel gazing; no cause for celebration.
0.333333333333 If you're a fan of jaundiced views of Hollywood or unedifying portraits of dysfunctional families, look no further.
0.8 Despite the dark tone, the likeably unlikeable ensemble cast is uniformly excellent, and there are some real laughs to be had.
0.875 Jaymes and his castmates nail the characters and the dialogue
0.875 There is not a false emotion running through In Memory Of My Father. It maintains a screwball sense of absurdity but paces itself to allow the humanism to shine through.
0.8 Excellent to watch and discuss as a family.
0.6 The movie's story is a sometimes clumsy but gradually involving coming-of-age story about courage, sexism, past customs vs. contemporary social values and a community and family at odds within themselves.
0.875 "Whale Rider" is a mystical, gentle movie that goes beyond the boundaries of the usual coming-of-age film.
0.4 I can honestly say that there is not a single plot point or character arc depicted here that I have not seen a thousand times before.
0.7 I was captivated and had intermittent tears in my eyes throughout this touching tale, although I would have ended it differently.
1.0 Encapsulates the grace and beauty of international cinema.
0.875 The key to "Whale Rider's" appeal is that the film doesn't force an opinion upon its viewers
0.875 'Niki Caro's striking visual images match her elegant, understated prose creating an uplifting story.'
0.8 Like a breath of fresh South Pacific air, director Caro combines classic themes with a little-seen cultural perspective to come up with an uplifting crowd-pleaser.
0.6 Simpatico e bem-humorado, o filme e imensamente beneficiado pela brilhante atuacao de sua jovem protagonista, Keisha Castle-Hughes.
0.5 Caro seems less concerned with evoking the economic or socio-political baggage bringing the film's characters down than she is with telling the same sappy tale of patriarchal perseverance we've seen so many times before.
0.2 There's nothing wrong with a formula film per se, but when it's done as shallowly as here, I feel insulted.
0.7 More rich and substantive than "Bend It Like Beckham."
0.75 The first 2/3rds are artfully, soulfully crafted with heart, family, tradition and real humor.
1.0 A wonderful, uplifting film about the healing power of communal growth and adaptation.
1.0 It's a subtle film with tracings of an art-house quality but-perhaps because the film is examining the old Maori legend-it becomes the perfect allegory for a young audience.
1.0 What can revitalize a broken spirit? The answer lies in the film's lyrical finale, which is dazzlingly staged, and in the exquisite, irresistible 13-year-old Castle-Hughes, whose natural, unfussy performance is something to treasure.
0.75 It's a pretty obvious triumph-over-the-odds story -- a Maori Karate Kid at a deliberate pace -- but Hughes is terrific.
0.875 An emotionally potent combination of somber reality and soaring mythology, Whale Rider pulls at you with the power of both elements in a story that is freshly identifiable.
0.6 Beautifully shot, well-acted but still slightly disappointing drama, less the fault of the actors than of their scripted characters.
0.8 Wonderful New Zealand film about a Maori girl's battle to fulfil her destiny.
0.7 The spectacular New Zealand setting makes the perfect backdrop for the movie's blend of realism and fantasy.
1.0 A truly inspiring film.
1.0 Heartwarming and uplifting.
0.8 A worthy film (probably more so for young viewers), and one with a brilliant, deeply interfused sense of place; yet it only fitfully engaged me on a dramatic level.
1.0 Whale Rider is, in a word: Nourishment.
0.8 There is a mythic quality to the story.
0.375 An excellent first performance can't balance naive writing and direction
0.8 Every bit as bold and uplifting as its title suggests.
0.9 Beautiful Keisha Castle-Hughes is a spunky young charmer with a gravity reminiscent of Anna Paquin.
0.75 Stripped of its exotic cultural context and New Zealand setting, it wouldn't differ much from an inspirational TV movie...
0.75 Though Whale Rider moves at a snails pace, it generally remains interesting mostly because we're seeing a culture that's so different from our own.
0.875 Poignant, intelligent, courageous and informative, Caro's lyrical exposition dares to take on the imagination of children and their adult counterparts and whisk them away in a somber storytelling mood that's culturally compelling.
0.8 A pitch-perfect example of how to craft a personally resonant film that speaks to all cultures at all times.
0.875 If you know a smart, spirited 12-year-old girl, take her to Whale Rider. Come to think of it, take everyone you know.
0.5 [The story] is so simple that the audience gets ahead of it from the beginning.
0.8 The movie is more satisfying as myth than narrative.
0.6 The film is closer to a feminist tract. And, like all propaganda, it wants to do all of your thinking for you.
0.625 A story that J.K. Rowling fans young and old will savor.
0.75 For a better look at the sexism behind ancestral traditions, try Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's masterpiece The Circle. But this easier-to-take film has an intoxication all its own.
0.75 There is magic here, enough to make Whale Rider worthy of the audience-choice awards it has earned at film festivals worldwide.
0.75 A whopping good yarn.
0.875 Whale Rider is one of those book-me -a-ticket yesterday movies.
0.875 Whale Rider is one of those tales with such universal appeal that you can practically see Hollywood executives rubbing their hands together as they prepare to remake it -- and mess it up royally.
0.9 A delightful surprise. A wonderful and stirring crowd-pleaser.
0.875 Caro manages the neat trick of making a movie universal in its emotions and unique in its setting.
0.6 Refuses to get its toes wet, instead retreating into goody-goody fantasy.
0.625 It's best that we don't consider what might become of Pai if this poor, unloved girl didn't happen to be the chosen one.
0.9 The most magical film since Amelie, and it's the greatest fable since The Secret of Roan Inish.
0.7 It's an engaging, well told and moving tale.
0.625 Castle-Hughes ... combines tribal pride and modern feminism, with gentle strength and the 'natural' talent some children possess.
0.875 Features one of the finest child performances in years.
0.75 At its transporting best, Whale Rider seesaws between archetype and innocence -- it's a re-founding myth that happens in real time, before an audience's wondering eyes.
0.875 Has the feel of a great and rare children's movie.
1.0 The genius of the movie is the way is sidesteps all of the obvious cliches of the underlying story and makes itself fresh, observant, tough and genuinely moving.
0.875 It's spiritual, inspiring and features a child character of extraordinary grace and inner beauty.
0.75 An enchanting, mystical ending redeems this otherwise familiar story of contemporary society clashing with traditional culture.
1.0 An epic for the family, one that celebrates the inner strength of girls without becoming strident.
0.875 It rises from the sea on a convulsive wave of emotion but subsides slowly from the heart.
0.875 The rhythms of Whale Rider are hypnotic as the ebb tide, haunting as the song of the humpback sea mammal, bracing as the ocean spray.
0.875 A true crowd-pleaser that never panders to achieve its effects.
0.8 It's a simple & poetic story of legend a& inevitable change to maintain traditions, but what really makes the film worth seeing is Keisha Castle-Hughes.
0.7 [Keisha Castle-Hughes] makes believable a character that, frankly, was written to be flawless.
1.0 Pai's unflagging spirit in the face of staggering personal hardship (and infuriating chauvinism) resonates with eloquent inspiration.
0.8 It's a film about gender empowerment in which the struggle between the sexes isn't reduced to crude stereotypes, and the lessons learned come honestly and with a sense of genuine revelation.
0.875 A lyrical coming-of-age story that casts a potent spell.
0.875 An exquisitely crafted and enchanting film that tiptoes gently between stark family drama and magic realism.
0.8 Visually enchanting, Whale Rider is an engrossing story brought to life through very strong performances.
0.75 In one of this year's most memorable performances, wonderfully likable newcomer Keisha Castle-Hughes dazzles the screen.
0.75 Despite their age difference -- one so venerable, the other so callow -- [Paratene and Castle-Hughes] both exude an intrinsic majesty that the camera adores.
0.75 Pai is resourceful and in harmony with the natural world in a way that will charm and enthrall young viewers.
0.75 This correct-thinking audience favorite of the film festival circuit manages to work its girl empowerment, indigenous dignity and green mystical themes into a pat but still strongly felt study of family conflict.
1.0 Whale Rider is made up of one incredible moment after another and Keisha Castle-Hughes has a screen presence that demands your attention.
0.8 Film-festival favorite mixes family, tradition and modern concerns for a drama that earns the good feeling you leave with.
0.75 Director Niki Caro has created an alternative piece of family viewing amidst all the wizards and adolescent secret agents out to save the world.
0.75 A contemporary version of an aboriginal legend from New Zealand that should delight audiences of all ages.
0.8 Once the picture kicks into gear, it has the inspiring resonance of found art.
0.875 Caro gives the fablesque story -- based on a 1,000-year-old Maori legend -- both a contemporary and timeless quality, anchored by newcomer Castle-Hughes' powerful and haunting performance.
0.8 What makes Caro's film a future classic is what so many movies geared toward younger audiences lack: a cool and very courageous 'tween heroine whom boys and girls of all ages can admire.
0.9 When the words 'Dedicated to those who came before' appear on screen at the close, you can almost feel all those ancestors joining modern audiences in applauding what has been accomplished here.
0.5 A portentous coming-of-age saga that weighs as much as the venerated ocean mammals at its center.
0.875 Castle-Hughes is a star in in the making. She and her movie are worth cheering for.
1.0 An enchanting, deeply spiritual, and ultimately enthralling New Zealand movie about the struggle of one ardent young Maori girl to fulfill her destiny.
0.875 There is an indescribable power to the film that springs from firelight--what we've lost in modernity as orphans to our collective past.
0.75 The story itself is richly rewarding and uplifting -- the coming-of-age tale of a girl who must defy the odds to achieve her goals.
0.375 [It] tries for a somber tone that it can't maintain, partly because the cute protagonist conveys no gravity and partly because it's too frequently going for laughs or stupid melodramatic crises.
0.75 Niki Caro's brisk direction, the bracing otherness of the coastal New Zealand landscape, and the fantastic performances of a wonderful cast . . . also up the freshness factor here.
0.6 . More than a story of a girl rejected because she wasn't born a boy, Whale Rider challenges traditional gender roles in a circle of life drama that begins with a birth and ends with a re-birth. .
0.6 Messages aside, time with this little girl and her brethren is well spent.
0.8 This film is so stunningly beautiful to look at--and such an uplifting story--that you can understand why it has won so many audience awards at festivals all over the world.
0.8 An exquisite film that sensitively captures the noble spirit of [the New Zealanders] -- and their humor.
0.6 Heaven knows what Brian De Palma (originally slated to direct) would have made of it, but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West, with whom Statham remade The Mechanic, keeps things simple.
0.4 Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre. But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer, failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest.
0.4 The fight scenes are deadpan and electric, as they should be in a Statham film, but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion.
0.4 It might have high-rolling credentials, but Wild Card is bluffing.
0.6 [It's] offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years.
0.4 Bar. Big breasts. Bodyguard. Jason Statham! Cockney, mate. Vegas, innit?
0.4 It emerges, alas, as a compromise, hedging its bets between cheery, characterful Ocean's-ish caper and brute-force beat-'em-up; we're offered helpings of both, but not enough of either to satisfy.
0.4 Ideal Statham - see 2002's The Transporter - is a gent, a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things. The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug, a braggart and a loser. It won't do.
0.5 Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays, but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting...
0.2 With Wild Card, Statham may finally have overplayed his hand.
0.55 As for the actual plot, it's a tedious and wonky affair, packed with typical crime-thriller elements.
0.4 Statham remake is violent and contemplative, not thrilling.
0.6 Too often it's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going, or if it's going anywhere.
0.85 A pulpy, enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters, even when they only get a few lines of dialogue.
0.4 It's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers.
0.625 Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else...
0.625 This film's tagline should be "Come for the stabbing, stay for the gabbing!"
0.625 There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents, and the groans you hear will not be his.
0.75 No stranger to piloting action films, West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace.
0.5 Wild Card doesn't really do [Statham] any favours, despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree.
0.3 Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle, Wild Card should really be called Mild Card.
0.52 Statham, in turn, is an aloof, drowsy shell of a leading man, the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace. He seems just as bored as the audience must be. He is, once again, so much better than this.
0.6 Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor.
0.4 The rest of the film doesn't feel particularly coherent, mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development.
0.25 Las Vegas steals the show, even though it's played by New Orleans.
0.375 "This is the height of my career," says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ...
0.2 Does the curdled thriller "Wild Card" represent a brief misstep? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham, like so many action heroes before him, settles into self-caricature?
0.7 One of Statham's better vehicles.
0.5 Script by William "Marathon Man/Misery" Goldman, ass-kicking by Jason Statham? It's not all bad.
0.4 Even for a shaggy dog tale, this is too shaggy, and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems.
0.375 The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse.
0.75 An affecting, very intelligent work, done with an eye for realism and a heart for the lonely, insulted and injured.
0.8 Engaging, low-budget German drama with a strong script and a heart-breaking central performance from Eva Lobau.
0.8 For a first film, it's accomplished; for a college project, it's astonishing.
0.7 A very well put together slice of life story showing us a character that always feels one hundred percent realistic.
0.4 The movie makes the audience, like many of the other characters in the movie, simply want to get rid of her.
0.6 With friends like this, you'd swear off friends for life.
0.625 It's impossible not to emphasize with [the main character]...
1.0 The episodic nature is less apparent in Redux, the pacing surprisingly smoother as a result.
1.0 The new version shows that Coppola had originally intended something far more political, and while some of the new stuff could've remained lost, it does not diminish the movie's impact.
1.0 The best picture of all time.
1.0 The new version adds a weight and depth lacking in the original cut.
0.6 Worth a single viewing for the curious, but definitely not for the purist.
0.875 Coppola leaves untouched the one section that cried out for a new edit - the murky finale that puts the "near" in "near masterpiece.
0.75 Almost an hour of new footage has been added to the film, making an already long film even longer, but not better.
0.6 Sometimes it's just better to leave well enough alone.
1.0 Its sprawling, episodic process evokes the history-as-imagistic mosaic employed by T.S. Eliot, whose work is referenced brazenly and repeatedly throughout the film.
1.0 The real reason to rejoice the arrival of Redux is the opportunity to see Apocalypse Now in all its glory, as movies were meant to be seen.
0.875 Still a must-see, for Coppola's brilliant original version is, after all, the backbone for the superfluous additions.
0.8 This is the one where [Coppola] honors his vision -- or clears his name, whichever way you look at it.
0.75 The new Redux version isn't a better film, but for Coppola fans and film lovers, it's essential viewing.
1.0 A restoration that transforms a flawed movie, one that was touched by greatness, into a masterpiece.
1.0 Apocalypse Now is a frenzied, free-based ode to the grieving soldier and his need-to-numb.
0.8 In some ways even richer and more atmospheric than the original version, in others attenuated and logy.
1.0 One for the ages when it comes to the moral battles of war.
0.9 Grows richer and stranger with each viewing, and the restoration of scenes left in the cutting room two decades ago has only added to its sublimity.
0.75 An Audio-Visual War Poem
1.0 Whatever you do, don't pass on the probably brief opportunity to see Apocalypse Now Redux on the big screen.
1.0 Does Apocalypse Now need a new, longer cut? No. Is the original inexplicably improved with one? Somehow, yes.
0.875 Still one of the most moving films of its genre.
0.4 In Eagle Eye, we're meant to fear our GPS.
0.2 As the film drags on, there are several nauseatingly dogmatic moments that make you feel like you're trapped in some kind of uber-liberal rally.
0.5 Eagle Eye isn't awful, just trite ... it suffers from the same problem most high concept films have; it's all smoke, but no fire.
0.25 The trouble with Shia? He's no Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart, or Cary Grant. And as for Caruso, well, Brian De Palma can rest easy.
0.5 Everything's chopped up into those woozy, bite-size snippets of flashing lights and spinning tires, thrown into a blender and then regurgitated on screen.
0.625 Eagle Eye is a totally derivative, unoriginal techno-thriller, cribbing scenes and ideas from better films. ... But it's also thoroughly entertaining.
0.625 ...one could certainly do far worse as far as movies of this ilk go.
0.5 So colossally ridiculous (and transparently derivative) that willing suspension of disbelief is a fool's errand. [Blu-ray]
0.7 What, you can't relate to someone being controlled by an omniscient machine?
0.5 ...one long, hyperkinetic chase, with the audience wondering what in the heck is happening.
0.64 Lowest-common-denominator filmmaking at its most discouraging, with makers who believe moviegoers too stupid to think, so instead opt for constant adrenal gland stimulation.
0.375 Pay heed to the movie's warning: Technological advancements might indeed become a concern in the future, especially if they allow for greater mass production of duds like this one.
0.5 Eagle Eye occupies a treacherous middle ground. It isn't credible enough to work as a thriller and isn't ridiculous enough to work as a spoof.
0.125 The morons going to Eagle Eye are the ones who would most benefit from its message in spoon-fed form.
0.4 mplekei homage Kubrick kai (alimono) Spielberg me retalia Tony Scott se asmileyto stilaki Michael Bay (stise 5 kameres, peta amaksia deksia ki aristera, traba ta ola, rih' ta sti montaziera, ki opoios bgalei noima, magkia toy), kynigontas intrigkadoriko p
0.3 Where's Jamie Foxx when you need him?
0.25 Oh, come ON.
0.625 What's galling about Eagle Eye is that it could easily have been an entertaining film without constantly yielding to the impulse to blow stuff up.
0.6 I give the film credit for moving along and, for at least the first half, keeping you engaged in the mystery. At the same time, when the film turns, it turns south.
0.5 Caruso's films only borrow great ideas rather than use them for special inspiration.
0.4 Eagle Eye is the kind of movie that believes more is better, and while that may sound great in the pitch session, it almost never works.
0.5 Even though it clearly resides in the realm of science fiction, it appears to be set in the present day, which is more than enough to tweak even the most rational person's sense of paranoia.
0.375 Did everyone involved in this botched thriller OD on speed?
0.4 But there's also a puppy-dog doesn't-know-any-better enthusiasm to this pacy fluff which means you can't get that worked up at it.
0.4 With a preposterous plot that does not bear close analysis, Eagle Eye should fall short. But such is the breakneck pace of proceedings the holes in the story zoom by too fast for you to notice. And for all its flaws, it's an enjoyable slice of hokum.
0.2 don't have the willpower, words, or energy to explain why a psychopathic CIA computer suddenly decides to take over the world. But that's the plot in a nutcase.
0.2 Some nonsense is fun, but this wears you down.
0.8 A fun techno romp, mixing great bang for your buck with insights into the dangers of restricting civil liberties. Now, anyone for Shia killing blondes dressed as his dead mother?
0.4 This numbskull knock-off of 2001: A Space Odyssey and Enemy of the State has the unlikely effect of making Tony Scott look like Alfred Hitchcock.
0.5 It's not bad and it ticks all the boxes but somehow it doesn't quite come off - but I can't you explain why.
0.2 This has to be the dumbest and most implausible action movie of the year.
0.6 The plot is totally nonsensical but is played at such a thrilling pace that it barely matters.
0.2 Portentous nonsense, and loud with it.
0.4 But do we care? This is a disastrous mess.
0.8 Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that compensates for its increasingly ridiculous plot with strong performances, great direction and some terrific action sequences.
0.8 The 1984 nightmare has been bolted to 2001 (as in Space Odyssey) to make one of the better action thrillers of 2008
0.4 Eagle Eye is a mediocre attempt at suspense that manages to lose all of its dramatic weight at the exact moment it drops its heaviest truths.
0.2 The concept is beyond ridiculous, the execution beneath inept...
0.625 Eagle Eye's simplistic and colorful contrivance is oddly refreshing in its preposterous exuberance...a transparent treat at best. Thoroughly rollicking and roguish...
0.6 Keeps our attention all the way through, even as the plot gets increasingly preposterous
0.4 Eagle Eye churns and flails and piles on pointless and improbable complications.
0.5 It has been shot and edited with that hectic, all-too-familiar brand of impressionistic choppiness often used by Hollywood directors to make a silly story unintelligible.
0.5 Those that are bothered by shaky camerawork might want to stay home or take Dramamine. Considering how promising the premise was, EAGLE EYE is a major disappointment.
0.625 To make barcodes scary, a thriller needs a pace faster than a busy self-scan checkout. Thankfully, there's no need for a price, or pulse, check on this furious, if exhausting, flat-world thriller that Thomas Friedman would appreciate.
0.4 Eagle Eye fails to engage the audience into caring much about the characters because you are too busy trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
0.5 The story goes from being a paranoid post-9/11 nightmare to being a goofy piece of sci-fi junk.
0.4 It's a poor man's 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Fugitive. I actually feel a little dirty naming those two when talking about this one.
0.75 While highly improbably and overly chaotic, the film is entertaining, which is all that really matters from this type of movie.
0.3 [LaBeouf]'s just not very credible in elaborate action set-pieces, although at least this time he's not trying to convince us that he's a '50s greaser.
0.5 The situation is anything but average, but [LaBeouf and Monaghan] two stars ground the adventure just enough to make the film into an enjoyable diversion.
0.7 So fast paced and exciting that you don't care whether or not it makes any sense
0.5 If you have a taste for this sort of nonsense, then all this hyper-implausibility is actually kind of fun.
0.5 This cautionary tale about the perils of technology might seem more sincere if the movie ever stopped trying to indoctrinate us into being good consumers with its incessant product placement...
0.375 Since it is plainly obvious that the movie's priorities lie not with its message, but with its lightning-fast pacing and confusing action scenes, it's insulting when these ideas are shoehorned in half-heartedly.
0.75 HAL has a granddaughter? Who knew?
0.7 Bristling along on one amazing narrative convolution after another, and fueled by fascinating gung ho performances from everyone involved, Eagle Eye is a jovial serving of cinematic junk food.
0.6875 Big Brother isn't watching, he's seen this already. Eagle Eye is for the guy in front of me on his cell phone...
0.7 Eagle Eye starts out strong as an exciting action/suspense movie but eventually the implausibilities of the story catch up with it.
0.625 ...the filmmakers apparently want you to suspend your disbelief.
0.5 The action sequences are frequent and frenetic, and Caruso bathes every scene in a high-tech sheen to cover the gaping leaps in illogic.
0.6 How [do] these actors manage to slog through this awful script and its deteriorating-by-the-minute premise and still deliver their lines with a straight face.
0.6 A film like Eagle Eye can be an escape. Just don't try to think your way through it, or you might suffer a brain hemorrhage.
0.6 Que filminho estupido. E divertido.
0.375 Noisy, derivative and thoroughly preposterous even by the standards of 21st-century action movies.
0.5 It all wears very thin by the third act, when The Voice really starts to grate and all remaining sense slams into a brick wall.
0.75 It's entertaining, if you're OK with it not making a ton of sense.
0.5 The chase eventually wears thin, and Eagle Eye eventually strangles its actors in the threads of its plot.
0.625 The movie doesn't have three brain cells to rub together, but the premise carries it a long way.
0.375 Should this film be a huge box office success, it will stand as a sad testament to how low the bar for cinematic entertainment has been set.
0.5 Eagle Eye requires blind faith in its silly storyline
0.6 The more that's revealed about the forces at work on Jerry and Rachel, the less interesting the plot becomes.
0.5 Eagle Eye is big, loud and expensive, but it's not particularly entertaining.
0.5 There are lots of new wrinkles to ponder about American surveillance, but it seems that all the writers have surveilled is HBO.
0.5 As the absurd contrivances mount, and the omnipotence of the shadowy conspiracy becomes more and more hard to buy into, the movie loses its footing.
0.2 Finally, an action-adventure thriller that feels as if it were created, directed and acted, soup to nuts, by a computer program.
0.25 The film is a rag bag of concepts and characters from earlier, vastly better movies.
0.5 A ridiculous wrongly-accused-guy-on-the-run thriller.
0.5 Disturbia team shows it can steal from a variety of sources -- not just Hitchcock -- in this laughably convoluted thriller about Big Brother run amok.
0.5 Set in the present, and directed by a middling talent, Eagle Eye still has some entertainment value. But only if youa(TM)re looking for a good laugh.
0.5 Eagle Eye wants to be a little on the sci-fi side, but it's mostly just badly plotted and executed.
0.375 For all its digitally effected chaos, the cinematic threat level in Eagle Eye never even comes close to orange.
0.4 The only title that works for this movie is Three Days of the Mongoloid.
0.6 You can't help thinking that if Hitchcock were inspired by today's privacy meltdown, he'd need only a quarter of the explosions to leave us shattered.
0.625 [Hitchcock] for a modern age bloated by steroids, addled by action, and incapable of long-term attention.
0.625 Eagle Eye has half an idea in its head, but over two hours there's no time to complete or explore it, since the movie isn't just a chase but a combination steeplechase and destruction derby.
0.2 A far-fetched conspiracy story that depicts the growing and pervasive role of technology in our lives.
0.5 Without giving anything away, let's just say that the ending of Eagle Eye is about as subtle as being impaled to death by an American flag.
0.5 The film unfolds at such breakneck speed that the credits are rolling before it becomes fully apparent that the storyline actually ran out of gas some way back.
0.7 In Eagle Eye, old-school political paranoia is filtered through a new prism that focuses not on terrorism but on overcooked US government measures to monitor citizens.
0.5 We're told that the idea for Eagle Eye came from executive producer Steven Spielberg, but it's not a very original idea and it's no surprise that Spielberg didn't want to direct it himself...
0.5 I was waiting for Will Smith to pop up in this sequel to Enemy of The State, which was extremely far-fetched but still deliver pretty decent entertainment.
0.8 There's nothing wrong with occasionally indulging in an entertaining film purely because it is an entertaining film. What is the point of a healthy, nourishing dinner if there isn't any desert at the end?
0.5 With less expensive actors, it might just have been called Chase Movie, and played for laughs.
0.375 Provides one of the biggest You've Got To Be Kidding moments of the year.
0.5 This big, bone-headed and unintentionally laughable techno-fear thriller is a movie in one hell of a hurry.
0.4 What might have been a zeitgeist-fueled paranoid thriller along the lines of The Conversation or Three Days of the Condor winds up an unintentionally hilarious exercise in the suspension of disbelief, peppered with confusingly edited car cha
0.75 The Kubrickian Hitchcock elements are out front and personal, but D.J. Caruso keeps things nicely slick and swift so the film reminds you, maybe not of those legends, but certainly of someone like John Badham at his 1983 peak.
0.2 two hours of absolute nonsense that is easily the noisiest action film to come around the pike since "Transformers" and quite possibly the dumbest one to boot.
0.75 This time, Big Brother doesn't only want to listen to us - he wants to kill us.
0.5 It's worth a look for the effects, or if you just want to scare yourself into throwing out your cellphone and living off the grid.
0.6 Take one or two good ideas and add a lot of political thriller cliches and you end up with a disappointingly predictable action movie that doesn't necessarily deliver on the promised goods.
0.9 This is just good, old-fashioned filmmaking with two likable protagonists up against a monolithic antagonist.
0.375 Determined to remake himself into a mini-Michael Bay (replete with military hardware fetishism!), Caruso shoots primarily in shaky, glossy close-ups that obliterate any sense of spatial proportion, scale or lucidity.
0.6 a likable paranoid fantasy that will handily kill a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon... before disappearing into the endless data stream it depicts with such apprehension.
0.5 Though it aspires to be an intriguing political cautionary tale, the movie is mostly about the feverish and jarringly choreographed chase scenes.
0.6 exploits paranoia about the invasion of personal privacy by technology with an entertaining action fantasy that pushes all the right buttons
0.75 Depending on your perspective, it will be either one of the year's sillier films or one of its most enjoyable ones. Or possibly a combination of both.
0.75 Eagle Eye skillfully taps into post-Sept. 11 paranoia -- a briskly paced thriller that blinks at times but mostly keeps its focus.
0.45 It means to say something about anti-terrorism surveillance and civil liberties, but if you asked me what Eagle Eye is about, I'd have to say it's about as dumb as can be.
0.4 Eagle Eye isn't horrible, but it does make sure the audience is bruised, buffeted and battered with rock-'em, sock-'em action in a deliberate attempt to shake logical questions about the plot out of their heads.
0.625 Eagle Eye wants to be Marathon Man, or Enemy of the State, only with a post-9/11 overlay and a plot device lifted straight from 2001: A Space Odyssey.
0.25 By the time Jerry and Rachel are riding around on airport conveyer belts while Agent Morgan, in hot pursuit, stumbles over luggage behind them, the film has lost all semblance of sanity and focus.
0.625 Check your credulity at the door, and you'll at least enjoy some high-impact action scenes.
0.5 The word 'preposterous' is too moderate to describe Eagle Eye. This film contains not a single plausible moment after the opening sequence, and that's borderline.
0.8 Manages to be both ominous and fun, making this a popcorn thriller with an edge.
0.5 And you thought Live Free or Die Hard turned real issues into rubbish.
0.6 Explosion-filled thriller is clever but confusing.
0.7 Eagle Eye has its flaws, but you're not going to care or notice them.
0.5 So what we have here is the world's smartest entity giving orders to the two dumbest people.
0.6 Good, manic fun plus a heavy dose of political intrigue adding up to two hours of clamorous, mind-numbing nonsense.
0.6 The fever-pitch paranoia of this terrorist thriller, the seizure-inducing editing, the dense layers slapped on a fairly simple plot all point to a kind of overkill that only Hollywood money can buy.
0.4 The movie is about the crashing, chasing, shooting and exploding, not about the human collateral damage left in its wake.
0.75 A fun and very creepy zombie comedy that works because it's so damn ridiculous...
0.6 The concept gets a weird but intriguing workout.
0.625 While this twisty thriller sometimes borders on the pretentious, it's an auspicious debut by writer-director Martin Koolhoven.
0.6 This con man movie is best for older teens and up.
0.8 Like Richard Widmark, [John C. Reilly] is an excellent character actor who can convey both likeability and pathetical desperation simultaneously.
0.4 Those viewers who watched NUEVE REINAS beforehand will be affected with increasingly unpleasant feeling of deja vu.
0.6 [It's] a safer, watered-down, but still enjoyable redo.
0.6 ...the interaction of the movie's two leads, Reilly and Luna, is so good you might enjoy it for their performances alone.
0.6 Considerando-se que o otimo Nove Rainhas foi realizado ha apenas alguns anos, esta refilmagem soa desnecessaria, por mais interessante que seja seu roteiro.
0.8 Reilly is perhaps the most amazing fusion of boy and man we have in American movies.
0.875 Like a smash-and-grab job, the movie gets in, springs the con and gets out quick - leaving the viewer to replay the twists on his or her own time.
0.75 While the twists at the end are a little more predictable here than in the first film, it's still an assured work, especially considering that it comes from a first-time director.
0.5 Redundant.
0.75 This is one of the best con movies I have seen as rare currency is used as the valuable commodity.
0.6 The remake is so faithful to the first film that some of the snap and crackle disappears if you know the plot. It's like watching The Sixth Sense for a second time.
0.6 Yet another inexplicable American remake that adds nothing new to the original.
0.5 Maybe I'm dense, but the finale of Criminal left me not exactly sure what was won and what was lost or why I should care.
0.6 With dashes of black humour and pointed glimpses of the American class system, Criminal is a taut con-versus-con game whose deft artistry isn't fully revealed until the last few minutes.
0.625 A kind of who-done-what? puzzle. You'll probably enjoy it much more if you haven't seen the 2002 Argentine film, Nine Queens.
0.6 You can't go too far wrong on the performance front with John C. Reilly, Diego Luna or Maggie Gyllenhaal, but this one never really goes above average.
0.6 Like deja vu all over again.
0.5 Not smooth or seductive enough to coerce you into taking it at face value.
0.5 even when the emotional aspect of the story starts to work, it is ultimately undermined by a final twist
0.75 A competent Americanization of the Argentinian film Nine Queens, with John C. Reilly seemingly enjoying his atypical leading role.
0.6 Criminal can be praised and damned for its fidelity to the Argentinean masterpiece Nine Queens.
0.6 If subtitles are not your thing and you're in the mood to witness an elegant con job in the classic Mamet mold, then Criminal is the card to play.
0.625 ...newbies looking for an easy-breezy Ocean's Eleven-and-a-Half should get a kick out of this frugally low-key, innocuous cover song of a caper.
0.6 The remake is infinitely more entertaining if you haven't seen Nine Queens -- the details are different, but the surprises are the same and something of the first film's underlying darkness has been lost in translation.
0.75 Maybe watching Reilly, Luna and Gyllenhaal is quite enough entertainment value for any movie.
0.5 The problems lie not with the actors but with a glib approach that exposes the flaws of the original story.
0.75 The fast, forced plot, which moves up from street grifts to a big score involving rare currency, lives in the amusing and zippered byplay of Luna and Reilly, who achieve a sort of marriage du jour for criminal purposes.
0.75 It's a good film, suitably entertaining, but there's the nagging question of why everyone bothered.
0.5 In the end, coincidence undoes Criminal.
0.75 Those unfamiliar with Fabian Bielinsky's 2002 film will delight to this delicious deviousness.
0.6 The constant shadow of doubt keeps the viewer from investing in the characters, because we suspect one or more of them isn't what they seem.
0.625 Entertaining and well acted, but redundant and a bit machinelike.
0.75 Doesn't exactly reinvigorate an overworked genre, but neither does it disgrace the format or the original movie.
0.75 It's such a pleasure being in the company of these actors as they work with character-rich material that if they burst into the audience and swindled us out of our wallets, we would gladly oblige.
0.5 It's a listless, dutiful affair -- a cover version played out of obligation, not inspiration.
0.75 Its spiral of deceptions within deceptions remains resolutely character-based until the outlandish end, which proves emotionally satisfying because it's based on what really drives people as much as too-clever plotting.
0.75 An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams.
0.5 This is the kind of movie so full of coincidence and double crosses that you simply don't have the mental energy to go back and sort it all out at the end.
0.75 What elevates Criminal into a delicious con in the league of Red Rock West, House of Games or Matchstick Men is John C. Reilly.
0.625 Follows the original fairly closely, and because I already knew the plot secrets, it couldn't work on me in its intended way. As the recycled characters, dialog and events turned up, there seemed to be an echo in the room.
0.6 Glances at family dynamics and class divisions benefit the genre mix, and the cast animates the lean script with a simmering brew of charm, smarm, ferocious greed and street smarts.
0.75 Reilly sheds a career playing dupes and schlubs and gives his first full-tilt electric performance.
0.75 Scores higher than most con artist movies by focusing more on the artists than the con.
0.75 Criminal has a wonderful modern film noir feel punctuated with incredibly clever dialog...
0.5 It has half the panache and none of the surprise for anyone who saw the original.
0.7 It's funny, fast-paced, and sharp - as entertaining in English as it was in Spanish.
0.8 a quirky daylight noir with a plot that spins on a dime as its twists and turns on its way to proving that it's greed, not love, that doth make fools of us all
0.8 We know someone is pulling something, and someone is going to get away with something, and someone is going to be left holding the bag of cheese, but Jacobs keeps us on our toes.
0.625 Manages to satisfy despite being inferior to the original on nearly every level.
0.7 John C. Reilly stars as a gimlet-eyed con man in this clever and diverting adaptation of the Argentine thriller Nine Queens.
0.625 A light, speedy movie, as agreeably modest as a pop hit or a BLT.
0.75 Habitual duplicity and backstabbing create a stimulating, deceptively intricate plot maze in this sharp, shrewd, but not showy remake.
0.75 It's all done with sufficient style that, when we get there, the end no longer feels like the point.
0.8 The finest tribute I can lavish on this stateside remake of 2002's Argentinean export Nine Queens is that it took me a full hour to remember I had seen the original -- and reviewed it, no less.
0.5 This remake of the Argentine hit is effective at times, and Gyllenhaal shows a new side of her talent, but the main impression is of first-rate performers doing second-rate work.
0.9 It's hip, witty and fun, and will remind you why movies are made in the first place.
0.75 It's an auspicious debut for first-timer Gregory Jacobs.
0.875 Fans of con-man capers will have no regrets after watching Criminal.
0.6 Jacobs doesn't add anything new to the genre, but his version of taking the concepts out for a walk is entertaining enough to mark time until Ocean's Twelve.
0.5 An exercise where viewers are likely to ponder not 'How did the characters do it?' but 'Who cares?'
0.75 The returns will be diminished for those too familiar with the story.
0.5 an easy mark to make and a hard movie to sell to paying customers.
0.375 A retread and it feels like it.
0.75 The result isn't as compelling as Nine Queens, but it's a respectable caper movie in the tradition of The Sting and David Mamet's Heist.
0.75 A classic crime caper that twists and turns with an easy subtly.
0.75 [Full of] fine acting and sharp dialog.
0.625 By the end, those who haven't seen Nine Queens may applaud the entertaining sleight-of-hand...those who have may lament that Criminal is the proverbial old dog.
0.5 The movie was made just four years ago by Argentinian director Fabian Bielinsky. It is called Nine Queens, and it is vastly superior to this blah U.S. remake from director Gregory Jacobs.
0.375 Criminal's biggest offense may be that Jacobs and his actors make absolutely no attempt to rewrite Nine Queens.
0.6 We got two and a half more months of crap to go before we get to the holiday/awards season.
1.0 [Do the Right Thing is] an exceptional film, a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood. Like the film's principals, you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live.
1.0 This might sound like a depressing story, but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning.
0.875 The movie's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made.
0.5 It's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil, as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth.
1.0 [A] movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single, brightly bedecked, booby-trapped package.
0.5 Sure, the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York, but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed.
1.0 Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating.
1.0 A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989.
1.0 A towering achievement in American cinema, Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock, like Nashville to Robert Altman, like Playtime to Jacques Tati, Lee's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator's artistic command.
0.8 A pulsating homage to life on New York's streets, achieved thanks to Lee's sleepless eye, but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism, too.
0.8 A tour-de-force for Spike Lee
1.0 Spike's greatest film to date. Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it.
1.0 spike lee's masterpiece
0.8 Who expected this to be its director's last really terrific film?
1.0 Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made.
1.0 Made me love Spike.
0.9 A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world. There are no absolute heroes or villains. There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace.
1.0 The movie confronts racism head-on, with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures. Lee does not pander to political correctness, nor does he sermonize.
1.0 You can't afford not to see this modern masterpiece.
1.0 Roger Ebert points out that this film, which honestly (and sometimes graphically) explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations, was probably the best movie of 1989. I would have a hard time disagreeing.
1.0 I think it's Spike's best. Loud, honest, angry entertainment.
0.8 This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious.
0.89 Has the greatness necessary to embrace its contradictions
1.0 This film changed the way I looked at movies.
1.0 Plays like a pot of boiling water, eventually bursting and spilling over for a shocking and brilliant climax
1.0 Comes closer to reflecting the current state of race relations in America than any other movie of our time
0.8 George Arliss vehicle is pretty stagey, but worth seeing for his title performance.
0.4 good in its day; too stagy and hammy for today's audiences and tastes
0.6 Weighed down by a terribly outdated acting style and leaden direction, but George Arliss's Oscar-winning performance makes it watchable.
0.7 A terrific combination of action, mystery and adventure
0.7 Mystery-train thriller chills, then goes off the rails.
0.75 Although it doesn't go as far as Strangers on a Train, TransSiberian is worth the ride.
0.75 as Hitchcockian thrillers go, it's one of the smarter and more absorbing ones made in recent years
0.5 Unfortunately, there's never a moment where you can't see Anderson and his co-writer, Will Conroy, yanking on the strings.
0.8 hearkens back to those glorious tales of intrigue and adventure that populated film screens in the 30s and 40s.
0.6 It effectively keeps us in the dark as to where the story is eventually heading, allowing the film to deliver enough suspense to produce some serious hang-wringing.
0.7 Transsiberian is more than a rote thriller; it's also a sharp character study... actually, several studies in which the information about each character is slowly revealed and every scrap of knowledge further informs our understanding of the plot.
0.75 As Alfred Hitchcock demonstrated three times, trains make a nifty setting for a thriller.
0.75 Anderson uses snowy locations to impose a chilly menace on the characters, and the script ratchets the tension at a sneakily measured pace.
0.6 ...a tight and terse thriller.
0.75 Transsiberian has more twists and turns in it than the real-life, extensive train route that gives this independently produced suspense-thriller its name.
0.6 The limitations of its human characters aside, the movie has a terrific feel for the chilly, remote, attentively portrayed character of its environment.
0.8 Paranoia is right on track in this sinister, trapped-on-a-train thriller.
0.875 Takes a more cerebral route, toying with your expectations only to give you something else, whispering hints of what fate might have in store for the characters after the credits roll.
0.75 This diverting effort from writer/director Brad Anderson is a generally satisfying fish-out-of-water thriller in which two squeaky-clean Americans find themselves caught up in a web of death, drugs and disappearances.
0.75 Transsiberian is a model of audience manipulation, a slow-fuse thriller that builds its suspense gradually, in increments, until it has becomes close to unbearable. Then it pushes things just a little further, until you're squirming in your seat.
0.7 This is not to say that Transsiberian is wall-to-wall dread. Once it gets going...it delivers enough electricity to keep us right near, if not completely on, the edge of our seats.
0.875 Transsiberian is fantastic.
0.75 Writer/director Brad Anderson gives us an artful, shifty-eyed take on human strengths and weakness; his film delivers the pleasure of a conventional tale well told, with clever twists and complex characters.
0.8 Transsiberian is a paranoid, chilling train trek that borrows freely from the best Hitchcock pictures to give us that rare adult summer thriller -- 'adult' as in not based on a comic book or video game.
1.0 Some might think this film is unbelievable, and they're right. But, Hitchcock films aren't either. They're just fun rollercoaster rides, so check your brain at the door and have a blast.
0.75 A morally complex if plot-wobbly thriller set on the Trans-Siberian Express as it rockets (well, creaks and groans) through snowy forests and forgotten towns.
0.875 Transsiberian starts in neutral, taking the time to introduce its characters, and then goes from second into high like greased lightning. I was a little surprised to notice how thoroughly it wound me up. This is a good one.
0.75 Transsiberian shows there's plenty of life left in the 'strangers on a train' genre.
0.75 It's got that classic thriller feel where characters are slowly caught in a mousetrap and they have to find their way out. It's a slow, menacing burn.
0.8 The patient viewer should find Trannsiberian to be a rewarding experience. Hitch would be proud.
0.6 A movie whose inspiration comes straight from the DNA of some of Hitchcock's finest classics, Anderson's latest is a languid, sometimes engaging thriller that unfortunately fails to elevate those existing cliches and conventions beyond the parameters of w
0.9 A queasy-making train thriller directed with vibrant visual panache by Brad Anderson.
0.7 A well mounted, character-cognizant combination of Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train and Andrei Konchalovskys existentially tinged Runaway Train.
0.625 Modest thriller set aboard the titular train plays like low-suspense Hitchcock until sadly, in the last act, it derails.
0.75 The execution is masterful and even as you see the building blocks of the climax being put into place, it's a delight to watch them fit just so.
0.7 Transsiberian makes provocative connections between external and internal states, the ways that composition can reveal character.
0.6 A handsomely remodeled variation of a cherished genre you might call the mystery-train movie.
0.6 The cramped, cold setting creates an appropriately ominous atmosphere, and while Mortimer and Harrelson are noticeably mismatched, their journey together is compelling enough to make the ride worthwhile.
0.75 An atmospheric, Hitchcockian thriller set aboard a famed train route, Brad Anderson's Transsiberian is a genuine sleeper that jump-starts an almost extinct genre.
0.8 Enjoyable train-based thriller with strong performances, gorgeous photography and some enjoyable dashes of Hitchcock scattered liberally throughout.
0.75 Even if you've seen lots of movies of this type and can figure out exactly what's going to happen, Anderson takes great pleasure in the pure form and execution of it.
0.7 Mortimer's portrayal of dubious grace under pressure and an action-packed third act balance out the film's shortcomings.
0.5 Transsiberian is a film that fails to make us care enough to be concerned about the peril faced by its protagonists.
0.625 Transsiberian eventually reveals itself to be scatterbrained thematically.
0.7 A unique picture that left me feeling -- for the first time in a very long time -- like I'd actually been in another place, another world...so very different from my own.
0.6 A missionary couple with unresolved marital problems falls prey to corrupt cops and horny heroin smugglers in Transsiberian, a decent thriller that derails only during a preposterous finale.
0.8 While not the most original of thrillers, Transsiberian nevertheless provides enough unexpected twists and turns to make for a pleasant ride.
0.8 Clearly inspired by a few of Hitchcock's 'train-bound' movies, Transsiberian doesn't break a lot of new ground, but it does tell a slick story in a very chilly setting.
0.7 Whenever you may think you know where things are going, Anderson throws a number of clever and unexpected twists that keeps you on your toes.
0.75 ...the film has aged surprisingly well in the years since its 1957 release.
0.84 There is real value is how it allows each member of the cultural mosaic of a jury to develop into distinct, damaged, and interesting characters
1.0 Too few films take on the art of arguing as a subject; we could certainly use more of them, but until then, Lumet's window into strained civic duty will continue to serve mightily.
1.0 The film takes a confined, almost completely banal real-world location and makes it completely dynamic, using incredibly nimble camera movements to establish character motivation and theme.
0.875 This was Sidney Lumet's first movie and it's as riveting as it was back in the late 50s, when everything was changing.
1.0 an incisive and gripping film
1.0 Outstanding Henry Fonda jury classic.
0.8 A brilliant courtroom drama whose strength lies within the power of Rose's words and Sidney Lumet's great direction (his debut).
0.82 taut, well-crafted sociological study
1.0 Every bit the classic it's been made out to be for all these years.
1.0 Power house jury room drama w/cast of memorable actors.
1.0 Sidney Lumet's feature directing debut is a brilliant courtroom drama, with a superlative cast that includes Henry Fonda, Martin Balsam, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, and E.G. Marshall.
1.0 A masterful work of debate and dialogue; of shifting momentum and the ideal of sticking to your scruples in the face of antagonistic groupthink.
0.8 This film is a great combination of an adult theme and the treatment suitable for younger audience.
1.0 Ainda que se passe em um unico ambiente, esta obra-prima possui um alcance emocional imensuravel - e e incrivel que tenha sido o primeiro longa-metragem de Lumet.
1.0 One-room dramas don't get much better than this
0.9 Although it may sound ungallant, these 12 Angry Men, are all right without distaff glamour. Their dramas are powerful and provocative enough to keep a viewer spellbound.
1.0 An intense concentration of power, and my all-time favourite film.
0.8 Sidney Lumet's debut feels a bit stagy but is never short on tension.
1.0 This is a film where tension comes from personality conflict, dialogue and body language, not action.
1.0 Pure dynamite in movie form.
0.8 Cinema heresy that worked.
0.92 While the composition of juries might change over time, the issues and attitudes that are explored here are timeless, as is this classic film.
1.0 In a time of bloated when special effects have become the real stars, going back to a classic like this can remind viewers what movie making is supposed to be about -- acting.
0.9 Completely deserved its high status of undisputed classic.
0.7 A surprisingly good movie about the dangers of life in our country in the mid 1700's.
0.66 Reminiscent of exactly the sort of "important war movie" Hollywood makes.
1.0 ...among the greatest war films ever made. Rich in humanist themes and absolutely unflinching in its depiction of the moral chaos and physical violence of war.
1.0 Lu Chuan makes this feature film soar by telling the story both through the eyes of the Japanese occupiers and the defenseless Chinese civilians in the ancient capital. It makes the savagery all the more senseless.
0.875 Exquisitely shot in black and white, with a rare attention to detail and dramatic complexity, "City of Life and Death" is a timelessly great film that commands our collective attention.
0.875 In almost any form, the story of the Nanking atrocities can leave you profoundly shaken. But Lu Chuan's version may be the most compassionate and emotionally satisfying treatment to date.
0.75 There is real beauty in its effort to comprehend the incomprehensible.
1.0 Lu tells the heartbreaking, nearly unbearable story with compassion, controlled fury and unflinching realism.
0.8 Despite a puzzling, ridiculously benign view of Japanese sex slaves, this is a brutal depiction of the bestiality of the Japanese Rape of Nanjing that is long overdue.
1.0 It's a film strong enough to change your life, if you can bear to watch it at all.
1.0 A work of grim art told with relentlessly restless curiosity about the human capacity for survival.
0.75 It's a muscular, physical movie, pieced together from arresting imagery and revelatory gestures, large and small.
0.875 Lu does more with the first 50 minutes than some directors accomplish in 10 movies.
0.875 The most visceral war film since Saving Private Ryan - a portrait of the hopeless in the grasp of a sadistic oppressor.
0.9 Action and ultimate tragedy shot in spectacular black and white. One of the great war films.
0.8 First feature on horrors from the Chinese point of view of the Japanese Rape of Nanking is impressive as...a humanistic epic...of brutal mass executions...by ordinary soldiers.
0.59 Chuan's attempt is certainly admirable in the time and care put towards honoring those at Nanking, but the effort is misguided and its propagandist take feels hollow and disappointing.
0.7 a powerful statement that obviously resonates from deep within Chuan
0.6 A shattering film about the 1937-1938 Nanking massacre and the atrocities committed by Japanese soldiers who treated Chinese soldiers and civilians as subhumans.
0.875 Directed by Lu Chuan, it's a fascinating film, and an unusual entry in the current Chinese cinema.
0.6 One should remember Schindler's List, and the off-putting way beauty hung in the throat alongside evil.
0.8 The horrors it represents can be almost too difficult to watch, yet you keep watching because Mr. Lu makes the case that you must.
0.85 Like a Chinese Schindler's List, it's not an easy film to watch, but it's an important story that needs to be told and remembered.
0.75 The 1937-38 massacres and rapes in conquered Nanking are dramatized with flawed but unflinching horror in this grim, epic lament.
1.0 Possibly the war film of the year, Lu Chuan's picture about the Rape of Nanking has a lacerating immediacy and a true artist's gravity and tact.
0.6 It is not an easy watch -- but it is an impressive acheivement.
0.8 Writer/director Lu Chuan's film tells the whole harrowing story in austere black-and-white, sparing us nothing: the violence is indiscriminate and often horrifyingly casual.
1.0 One of the most powerful films you'll ever see. Literally unforgettable.
0.8 A harrowing, unflinching epic.
1.0 It's a tough watch, but it will leave you stunned in a way that war films don't often manage.
0.6 In shocking but masterly black-and-white images Chuan suggests a smouldering unreal city unhinged by horror.
0.8 Passionate and expertly crafted, this black-and-white opus is well worth seeking out.
0.5 Despite some strong performances and an interesting style, there are just too many holes in the story, keeping Trap For Cinderella from being a completely compelling thriller.
0.53 Initially intriguing, but essentially a forgettable B-movie that's more exhausting and frustrating than fun or suspenseful.
0.25 The erotic thriller "Trap for Cinderella" is neither erotic nor thrilling, but rather reliant on cheap nudity and multiple mistaken-identity switcheroos in hopes of keeping us on edge.
0.25 Ian Softley is far too interested in the minutia of the plot to bother with the Chabrolian elements of bourgeois excess or the Hitchcockian themes of mistaken identity.
0.4 Softley is a great director but has maybe let his own obsession - with Sebastien Japrisot's 1962 novel - blind him to the essential lameness of the project. Someone lend this man a good book.
0.4 Trap For Cinderella achieves the considerable feat of being as pretentious and annoying as its lead characters' names.
0.4 Maybe a Hitchcock or Chabrol could have made something gripping from the melodrama and mystery of it all but this feels workmanlike and obvious.
0.4 There's a very classy cast in supporting roles (Kerry Fox, Frances de la Tour, Alex Jennings) but this fails to come alive.
0.4 tylish and moody, this twisty dramatic thriller gets under our skin with its mysterious tone and darkly insinuating performances.
0.6 Softley negotiates layers of deceit with skill, but an uncharacteristic visual and narrative tightness leaves one wondering what might have been.
0.4 Even as a Sunday night TV drama, this feels overplayed ...
0.6 Solid genre fare.
0.4 Very clearly, this is a women's film devised by men and, for our leading ladies, that's the trap.
0.5 It's meant to be provocative, but it's muddled and nonsensical, with none of the liveliness or cleverness of its predecessor.
0.8 If the original film flirted with controversy, the sequel has sex with it on the first date.
0.4 Yet another mismatched cop adventure.
0.4 Half-baked, forgettable action flick
1.0 What strikes you aren't just the iconic moments, but the little ones.
1.0 Taxi Driver is a brilliant study of alienation, obsession, paranoia and perverse desire. There's an undeniable power and grittiness that very few films have come close to capturing since.
1.0 Scorsese's masterpiece of urban alienation...
1.0 A haunting, visceral trip through the mind of a man on the edge of his own sanity.
1.0 This is an extraordinary film. De Niro in the central role delivers one of those powerhouse performances that simply blows the audience away.
1.0 Melodramatic as it often is, the film is a riveting watch and De Niro provides a character study it is impossible to forget.
1.0 The bustling helter-skelter of Scorsese's Mean Streets gives way to a measured, chilly calm, and cinematographer Michael Chapman ensures the Big Apple glistens with barely concealed menace.
1.0 Bickle is complex, intriguing and never one-note.
1.0 Hitchcockian unease permeates the film, but so too does a Godardian use of space and a Bressonian focus on obsession heighten the mounting sense of dread.
0.8 Portrait of a very disturbed man; NOT for kids.
0.96 Writer Paul Schrader and director Martin Scorsese made names for themselves with this exquisitely crafted window into the contemporary male psyche. Taxi Driver seems aimless, taking as many u-turns and detours as a cabby does in the night. But it's
1.0 If you haven't seen Taxi Driver, your education in film hasn't even begun.
0.875 Get in and take a nightmare ride on perhaps Scorsese's best picture, the story of Vietnam vet Travis Bickle's fight to win the woman of his dreams in the seedy Big Apple.
1.0 The blend of Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction and De Niro's performance is both riveting and unnerving. A film that will stay with you forever.
1.0 Is Travis a hero or a monster? The question is never answered to any satisfying degree, and Herrmann's score makes sure of that by always playing up the counterpoint of a scene.
1.0 What a mad and brilliant film it is: 1,000-degree proof Seventies cinema.
1.0 An utter masterwork of shifting tones and flowering angst.
0.8 Powerful drama and portrait of insanity.
1.0 A movie to educate us about life on darker sides of the soul, or steer us away from living that life. It draws us in with a conviction that makes us feel like we're living it.
1.0 Scorcese's first masterpiece.
0.7 You may want to argue with Taxi Driver at the end, and with good reason, but it won't be a waste of time.
1.0 Don't let the endless barrage of morons imitating the "You talkin' to me?" bit put you off.
0.6 De Niro is brilliant, but the film as a whole is less successful than its formidable reputation suggests
1.0 Director Martin Scorsese's nightmare vision of Manhattan is important, impulsive work.
1.0 Taxi Driver is one of the best films ever made. Movies don't get any better than this.
1.0 There have been few films that have created and sustained the sense of constant, underlying dread that pervades every frame of Martin Scorsese's scorching urban masterpiece
1.0 An undeniably brilliant, nightmarish portrait of one man's personal hell.
1.0 So much of this study of evil is brilliant.
0.93 Its themes of urban decay, anomie and violence which infuse the impending sense of doom at the heart of this film still hang like black clouds over many cities today.
0.9 The thing I'm never sure about is whether Travis is actually psychotic, and Paul Schrader's script, Scorsese's direction, and De Niro's performance don't give us any easy answers.
1.0 One of the best and most powerful of all films.
0.75 Perhaps the most formally ravishing-as well as the most morally and ideologically problematic-film ever directed by Martin Scorsese, the 1976 Taxi Driver remains a disturbing landmark for the kind of voluptuous doublethink it helped ratify.
0.9 But despite anything, [the] average viewer at the end actually cheers for Travis.
1.0 The symbolism used by Scorsese, the extremely effective acting by Robert DeNiro, and the superb writing by Paul Schrader, turn this movie into a cinematic adventure of many layers.
1.0 The heart and soul of Taxi Driver are twisted in a way that can't be faked or copied.
1.0 Probably did for cab drivers what Psycho did for showers.
1.0 A masterful psychological study, the depth of which can only fully be appreciated on repeat viewings.
0.2 Dissipates much of its energy with plot developments reminiscent of "Badlands" and other movies about celebrity lawbreakers.
0.2 And miles away from entertainment, too...
0.75 Makes a quieter but deeper impression than Bringing Out the Dead.
0.7 The rest of the film plays unswervingly like a traditional movie made for television.
0.8 Gorgeously atmospheric in both the visuals and the soundtrack, and it's a marathon of high-impact Grand Dame acting.
1.0 The on-screen fireworks were reportedly fuelled by off-screen hatred, but the chemistry between the stars is unquestionably hair-raising and upped the Gothic stakes to camp shock levels.
0.6 There are plenty of thrills and no shortage of suspense in this darkly comic horror film.
0.8 Remains fascinatingly warped: an extended study in decaying flesh, set to a score mordantly trying to break into Hooray for Hollywood.
1.0 The ultimate camp-Gothic bitchfight. Vastly entertaining.
0.8 Remains a masterclass in 'uglying up' and a relevant comment on the destructive nature of celebrity.
0.8 The 1930s Lugosi/Karloff match-ups at Universal Studios only suggested the potential of what a decades-long feud like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford could produce.
0.6 It's still vivid, barnstorming stuff.
0.8 For the viewer, too, this creepy mood-piece is far from a comfortable watch.
1.0 Crawford wisely underacts -- if her performance isn't as showy as Davis's, it's not any less accomplished.
1.0 Sick! Sick! Sick!
0.7 While Crawford is rather subdued throughout the film, Davis chews up the scenery as one of the most bizarre, depraved villainesses you'll ever encounter.
0.875 the grandious acting makes up for every flaw
1.0 as close to genre perfection as one is likely to come
0.8 A chilling, disturbing movie.
0.8 Macabre and transfixing: you can smell the rotting house and relish the sweet richness of good overacting.
0.8 ...uniquely haunting and hilarious...Davis and Crawford energize this off-kilter psychological drama with calculating, campy performances
0.4 There is nothing particularly moving or significant about these two.
0.6 It's a classic of sorts, but too depressing to be much fun
0.8 A truly compelling portrait of a washed-up child star; even more compelling is the story of the peripheral people who suffer because of the misery of a washed-up child star.
0.8 It's a film that's a little slow to start and could benefit from a faster pace. But this is still essential viewing with the superb Davis in legend mode and Crawford wisely under-playing her role as the victim.
0.75 I can think of a several samurai films that I prefer to this, but it's still a solid film.
1.0 The greatest movie ever made about warriors and battle.
1.0 The legendary Mifune leads a superb cast, and Kurosawa's kinetic camera keeps the adventure sizzling with energy and wit from start to finish.
1.0 Kurosawa deflates the myth of the noble samurai without actually debunking it, and stages some great action sequences.
1.0 Famous epic with stylish violence and subtitles.
1.0 Synthesizes the traditions of the samurai narrative and the American western to create an intimate epic with deeply felt ground-level consequences. [Blu-ray]
1.0 An enduring classic.
0.625 ...suffers from an absurdly overlong running time that often threatens to negate its more overtly positive attributes...
1.0 Kurosawa's three-hour jidai-geki epic can be counted among the greatest of all battle movies ... a majestic tale of heroism, sacrifice and death.
1.0 The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission.
0.8 Epic, influential adventure about Japanese swordsmen who band together to rescue besieged villagers
1.0 A masterpiece; a timeless classic; one of the greatest movies ever made.
0.6 Impressive and ambitious, but seriously - am I the only person alive who finds it overwrought and patience-testing?
1.0 The Seven Samurai is a brilliant film - the only caveat, in fact, is that the length and the language barrier make it a difficult movie to get through.
1.0 A genuinely entertaining movie with characters we love and characters we love to hate, sensuality and violence, tragic events and laugh out loud moments.
1.0 Seven Samurai is an unforgettable masterpiece -- the work of one of the world's greatest filmmakers at the height of his powers.
0.8 [Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style.
1.0 The touchstone for the entire Samurai genre, as well as the inspiration for several western films . . . it continues to endure because it is an epic, and epics never die
1.0 A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure.
1.0 It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today.
1.0 It's all rollicking good fun, and it's an action film with a lot on its mind.
1.0 A classic of adventure, a story of honor, a tale of a specific time and place that still has universal resonance.
1.0 The archetypal action classic.
1.0 Moves like hot mercury, and it draws a viewer so thoroughly into its world that real life can seem thick and dull when the lights come up.
1.0 On a short list of the greatest films of all time.
1.0 Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai (1954) is not only a great film in its own right, but the source of a genre that would flow through the rest of the century.
0.9 This movie is so successful because of its flawless direction and very balanced combination of powerful human drama and exciting action.
0.875 The action scenes in this movie are virtually unequaled by any other movie in history, even if some of the 'waiting-around' scenes grow tiresome.
1.0 Much imitated, still unsurpassed.
0.94 And it's not just that the story is compelling. It is unforgettable.
0.6 The powerful performances and sharp script augment this revealing human drama.
0.8 Streep and Neill are the film's perfectly matched thoroughbreds. But the film is neither a double star turn nor the best kind of courtroom drama; it is a sort of epic mosaic of national character.
0.6 Admirably off-putting performance by Streep in a reasonably involving Australian court drama.
0.7 Streep ... plays Lindy Chamberlain with the kind of virtuosity that seems to redefine the possibilities of screen acting.
0.6 Remarkably even-handed; Streep's much-touted performance distracts.
0.6 Streep is a sensation....haunting stuff
1.0 A poignant family-in-crisis drama aided by spectacular performances from Streep and Neill.
1.0 'Set in Australia, a couple is hurled into the media spotlight, unsuspecting of its power to twist the truth overnight. Streep proves she is a towering inferno of an actress.'
0.4 Another in the endless stream of self-conscious Streepian dialect dramas.
0.6 Streep and Schepisi save it from being TV-movie material.
0.6 Streep and Sam Neill put in convincing and consistent performances in roles that appear unsympathetic, and don't offer the typical ingredients that can allow actors to showcase their caring and emotional personas.
0.8 While it's very much a cautionary tale to keep your tent zipped up, the real moral of the story involves the crucial importance of being a sympathetic witness on the stand.
0.75 Streep's performance is risky, and masterful.
0.6 With noirish lighting and most of the running time spent inside offices or cramped domestic rooms, Eastwood keeps the film claustrophobic, sometimes unpleasantly intimate.
0.5 A lumbering miscalculation...
0.6 J. Edgar provides an intriguing look at one of America's icons but Eastwood fails to deliver a cohesive narrative or enough compelling insight into his subject.
0.4 The consistently negative study of Hoover, along with pell-mell story telling and a melodramatic and silly gay romance, make J. Edgar a disappointing film.
0.5 Despite the odd sharp observation, somehow J. Edgar comes off like the Max Fischer Players' production of Serpico... [Blu-ray]
0.4 A failure, but an interesting failure when you step back and contemplate the project as a whole. Not really anybody's idea of a good time at the cinema that, though, is it?
0.2 Needless to say, as J Edgar ages, DiCaprio flounders. It is simply preposterous for him to play a 77-year-old man! All the elderly prosthetic make-up in the world cannot disguise his adolescent cheekbones from beaming through.
0.6 A decent take on one of America's most prolific political figures and people with an interest in American history will get a lot out of it
0.6 DiCaprio keeps the film afloat, but J. Edgar lacks any real controversy and never fully reaches deep within the man's dark psyche.
0.5 Hoover may have been the sweetest, kindest, gentlest man in the world, or he may have been a ruthless bastard; we wouldn't know from Eastwood's cautious portrayal of him.
0.6 na senario poy se alla xeria eite tha ypefere ap' thn epilektikothta ths istorikhs toy afhghshs, eite tha pnigotan sto camp ths psyxologikhs toy aitiologhshs, anti na metatrapei se psyxraimo apologismo twn kalwn prothesewn poy odhgoyn sthn kolash
0.4 Clint Eastwood's direction lacks focus, most notably in the film's pacing which makes J. Edgar's two-hour-plus running time feel even longer than it is,
0.4 Besides a rip roaring performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, J. Edgar suffers from the heavy handed direction of Clint Eastwood who manages to turn this biopic on one of the most notorious men of all time into an uninspired bore.
0.6 La detallada y convincente actuacion de Leo DiCaprio (bajo quilos de maquillaje) es el principal atractivo de esta biografia de J. Edgar Hoover. Es cuando se desnuda su alma torturada que la pelicula alcanza sus momentos mas intensos.
0.6 Jamais consegue oferecer qualquer tipo de resposta para perguntas obviamente importantes em uma biografia como esta, a comecar pela mais relevante: quem era este homem?
0.4 DiCaprio and Hammer work hard, but under Eastwood's half-hearted direction they merely seem like teenagers - wearing their father's suits, and with talcum powder salt-and-peppering their hair - out of their depth on a high school stage.
0.6 Clint Eastwood misses the target, again, with laboured, sombre drama.
0.4 This muddled melodrama adds up to a missed opportunity.
0.6 Unfortunately, most will come out of viewing this film none the wiser about Hoover, but their faith in another DiCaprio triumph will be further endorsed.
0.6 Eastwood rather deftly suggests a man who is both naive and repressed, while making it clear that what really drove him was his work - and his ego.
0.4 Hoover was one of the darkest figures in US history but Eastwood and his scriptwriter have forgiven all in a hazy resignation to old age coming to everyone and love being what matters.
0.4 One part Charles Foster Kane to three parts Elmer Fudd.
0.4 Given that the man is among the most controversial figures of recent US history, making a film this tedious really takes some doing.
0.6 Without enough on-screen drama this can sometimes feel like a bum-numbing slog but it provides insight into Hoover's career, brought to life by a stunning DiCaprio.
0.6 Hoover has been portrayed for so long by the Left as a monster that it's refreshing to see Eastwood illuminate his achievements...
0.6 The picture has many fine qualities and is a rewarding watch...
0.6 J. Edgar is earnestly watchable. But it makes no contribution to a better understanding of Hoover...
0.4 The effect of Hoover on America itself is largely ignored, its speculations are cramped, and its actors hampered with plastic, padding and wigs.
0.4 Eastwood's sluggish biopic fails to unravel the heart of this polarising character as it hops back-and-forth in time, despite a fiery and charismatic performance from Leonardo DiCaprio.
0.6 [DiCaprio] pulls off this utterly thankless task better than you would imagine and a third best actor Oscar nomination surely beckons.
0.6 J. Edgar is not without its flaws but remains worth watching thanks to a terrific central performance from DiCaprio and strong support from Armie Hammer.
0.6 Uneven but not without interest and peppered with arresting moments, hopefully J. Edgar won't mark the last time Clint steps behind the camera.
0.8 A pleasing, intelligent film happy to describe Hoover's behaviour as monstrous but too balanced and searching to damn him as a monster.
0.6 Like DiCaprio's make-up, Clint Eastwood's biopic tries to cover too much.
0.8 A handsome, ambitious period drama full of modern-day parallels.
0.6 With so much material to choose from (career, filing innovations, politics, sexuality, 'secret files'), it is near-impossible to chronicle the life of J. Edgar Hoover in a feature film.
0.4 How Eastwood has managed to create so dull a film is actually quite stunning.
0.6 J. Edgar is a love story. The fact that one of the lovers is someone you wouldn't want at your dinner table means that the film is handsome, well crafted, but not nearly as involving as it might have been.
0.375 ...a colossal misfire that is, above all else, downright boring for much of its overlong running time...
0.4 A laboured, morally questionable portrait of the would-be power broker that, moreover, is badly undermined by some dubious special-effects decisions.
0.7 The biggest problem with the film is its strict adherence to the familiar biopic formula of taking place entirely within a nest of flashbacks.
0.75 Hoover's lack of credibility as the narrator of his own story makes this yet another of Eastwood's confrontations with America's proud yet contradictory national history, as previously examined in such films as 'Unforgiven' and 'Flags of Our Fathers.'
0.5 Not really a convincing and three-dimensional portrait of the life of Hoover.
0.1 Not only among the year's worst films, but it marks the rock bottom of Eastwood's output as director.
0.5 The picture has more of a "greatest hits" feel, rather than the feeling of a comprehensive, vivid portrait of the man's life.
0.75 DiCaprio again proves to be a chameleon capable of tackling any task set before him.
0.9 The portrait is not sensationalistic -- and while I wouldn't go so far as to call it sympathetic, neither would I call it unsympathetic.
0.5 The sort of staidly respectable, competently directed biopic that gives a bad name to competently directed biopics, and possibly to respectability.
0.625 DiCaprio's performance is something to admire, the movie around it less so.
0.625 ... occupies a safe middle ground between expose and unrequited romance.... the opposite of an Oliver Stone smear job: a careful, rigorously fair-mined depiction of a man who deserved less and, in a bizarre way, more.
0.625 J Edgar and Incomplete Portrait
0.75 Between the cross-dressing and pleas of 'Please don't leave me, Clyde!' brace yourself to see the vulnerable underbelly, literally and figuratively, of an anguished icon knocked off his pedestal.
0.75 cleverly uses the familiar tropes of the biopic against itself to blur the lines between verifiable fact, elaboration and pure speculation
0.375 Eastwood's take on J. Edgar Hoover feels like a major miscalculation. &#8233;
0.7 Exquisitely designed and directed, with finely tuned performances that shine even through some heavy make-up, this true story never quite succeeds in conveying its central relationship.
0.1 Clint Eastwood and Leonardo DiCaprio are to be commended for wanting to make an old-fashioned biopic, educating people on an American legend. But did they have to make it so long, boring, and uninformative?
0.3 Goes wrong in just about every way that a biopic can go wrong. Plenty of wrong choices, starting with the makeup
0.4 High expectations but low delivery; one of the major disappointments of the year
0.8 Performances by DiCaprio, Hammer and Dench make this Eastwood film worth your two-plus hours.
0.75 A great performance inside just a good movie.
0.5 J. Edgar is a noble failure, but a failure all the same.
0.625 The focus, for better or worse, renders this less a comprehensive biopic, more a Brokeback Bureau.
0.7 The history of J. Edgar Hoover's life and the times in which he served are interesting, the man - and his character - are not.
0.6 Because Hoover is both complex and enigmatic, it's no wonder that that 'J. Edgar' is only fitfully engaging.
0.5 It's so careful that it rarely rises above bland, even though its central figure is anything but.
0.6 Easily the best thing Eastwood has done in years, though that's not exactly praise considering the director's recent years include such turgid duds like Gran Torino, Invictus and Hereafter.
0.75 In the end, the reality comes from a physically and emotionally persuasive performance, with the stiff body language and precise diction of someone afraid to show weakness.
0.375 The movie has too many weaknesses to overcome. They include the heavy layers of prosthetic latex makeup on the aging characters, a desaturated color scheme draining the screen of vitality, a sparse piano-driven instrumental score, inconsequential...
0.5 The man who early on in his career realized the power of having secret files on the biggest movers and shakers of his generation deserved better than this overprotective biopic treatment. For once, I'd lobby for the Oliver Stone approach.
0.6 It's a perfectly mediocre picture typical of award season, running too long with some good performances but lacking a definitive punch.
0.4 I suppose the ultimate failings of J. Edgar have to be laid at the feet of Clint Eastwood, which I hate to do because he continues to hold the title of 'senior citizen you'd least want to tangle with in a bar fight.'
0.5 J. Edgar may be well-made and well-acted, but it's also bloodless, unfocused and at times regrettably dull.
0.625 Usually the tautest of directors, Clint Eastwood has gone all slack here, allowing his subject to get completely away from him.
0.6 Eastwood delivers an entertaing enough Best Hits version of Hoover's eventful life.
0.45 DiCaprio's braying, scowling performance is reminiscent of an impersonator rather than a human being. His constriction works hand-in-jowl with this straight-jacketed film that, other than make-up, displays few layers.
0.8 Directed with a steady hand, "J. Edgar" is a film with much more flash then substance. A straight-forward biography, the film moves along evenly. But with no emotional high or low point, there is nothing that makes you sit up and take notice.
0.25 We get straightforward narration and expository dialogue that introduces each time-traveling vignette and dictates Hoover's tiresome "me versus them" rationalizations for whatever unscrupulous thing he did to stop them.
0.625 Such a wildly divergent story might have been told more effectively with a heaping helping of style, but Eastwood plays it safe while the screenplay is full of all kinds of innuendo and subtle dark humor.
0.625 A solid but staid portrait of a fascinating man.
0.5 Two hours spent with the man are such a chore that it's hard to imagine why lifelong confidants Tolson and Gandy suffered his toxic, rapid-fire company for entire decades.
0.625 Although Hoover's luster faded as his career went on, Eastwood's movie seems wan from the start.
0.875 This one at least keeps us thinking and puzzling well after the credits roll.
0.5 Sorry, fans of dynamic, emotional, storytelling.
0.4 It's not often that a Clint Eastwood movie ends and the first words out my mouth are, "That's it?"
0.4 J. Edgar is the latest in Clint Eastwood's late-period series of stately duds.
0.6 A biopic about the director of the FBI for 50 years whose legacy is today's us-versus-them approach in public life.
1.0 It's about more than the dress.
0.6 A fascinating if flawed film about a fascinating and flawed figure.
0.5 Even though "J. Edgar" never cracks the code of its title character, I was absorbed by its swift 136 minutes.
0.625 For all its virtues -- or, perhaps, because of them -- J. Edgar is a disappointment.
0.5 Leonardo DiCaprio takes on the role of J. Edgar Hoover with his usual gusto, but the resulting film offers a detached, meandering account of the controversial figure.
0.5 This is conceptually interesting, but it's clumsily delivered by Eastwood, whose movie is a succession of dull interior scenes, expository conversation and fractured chronology.
0.75 This far-from-perfect film is hobbled by uneven performances and a script studded with historical bullet points. But it's a strong tribute to Eastwood's personal vision.
0.625 J. Edgar is an arduous trek through the history books, a gloomy glide down the marble halls of a Washington institution.
0.625 That "J. Edgar'' never ultimately convinces - that at times it's quite entertainingly bad - can be blamed on both an unfocused script and the project's very bigness.
0.8 Somewhat academic, and deliberately paced, J. EDGAR is still a measured, thoughful biopic, featuring a surprisingly uncanny performance from DiCaprio.
0.7 DiCaprio's performance keeps us tuned in and intrigued
0.7 Eastwood and DiCaprio have delivered a nuanced story about a man, a mythos, and an institution that relies on the facts rather than the legend.
0.625 What's the motivation for the earnest, handsome, well-acted, unenlightening, workaday J. Edgar in 2011?
0.5 Watching J. Edgar reminded this critic of sitting in a dimly lit history class after tossing back a tablespoon of NyQuil.
0.4 A dreary slog through 40 years of history that were nowhere near as dull as what's onscreen here.
0.5 It's gratifying to see an old bully outed as a hypocrite, but by distracting us from bigger crimes, "J. Edgar" is a public enemy.
0.625 "J. Edgar" too often feels like the rough draft of the great movie it could have been; a character sketch, not quite a portrait.
0.75 DiCaprio wrings truth out of a cipher. The Hoover of both headline and whispers comes into sharp relief in this Oscar-beckoning performance.
0.5 J. Edgar Hoover is an unpleasant guy, and spending two-plus hours with him is not a fun experience.
0.5 Ultimately undone by a whole lot of bad decisions.
0.75 This may be a closety film about a closety character, but the tensions between Eastwood's direction and the script he's directing keep us off-guard in an intriguing way. The results, whatever one thinks of them, may be square, but they're all of a piece.
0.625 J. Edgar eloquently argues its case by skipping through Hoover's entire career, from the founding of the Bureau in 1935 to his death in 1972.
0.5 An occasionally dull and rarely engaging run-of-the-mill biopic, J. Edgar plays things far too safe for a story about one of the most polarizing figures in American history.
0.4 Disappointing and unentertaining
0.55 It's all too earnest, to the point of serving, unwittingly or otherwise, as an apologia.
0.75 Despite being buried in layers of prosthetic latex, DiCaprio is a roaring wonder as J. Edgar Hoover. Even when the film trips on its tall ambitions, you can't shake it off.
0.6 Clint Eastwood's biopic of J. Edgar Hoover has elements of a good drama, but merely brushes over the various controversies in a suprisingly humdrum narrative.
0.6 Well-acted biopic tackles complex character; OK for teens.
0.5 Clint Eastwood's "J. Edgar" is a lumbering miscalculation, a slow and clumsy re-think of the late F.B.I. founder J. Edgar Hoover's life and career that views his him through the lens of his alleged homosexuality.
0.7 It is flawed but ultimately captivating.
0.75 DiCaprio wears the persona of Hoover with ease, again reminding audiences that the young man who made so many girls swoon with Titanic has grown into an actor of great range and capability.
0.75 DiCaprio is as effective as possible while laboring under pounds of aging makeup. He is, by all accounts, OK.
0.5 Too ambiguous, too gentle and too noncommittal to get the job done.
0.875 As a period biopic, "J. Edgar" is masterful. Few films span seven decades this comfortably.
0.4 Kind Of A Drag
0.5 If only Black or Eastwood had an idea of purpose or a definite statement about Hoover (The movie offers ample opportunities), those parts could have made a cohesive whole.
0.8 "J. Edgar" is a somber, enigmatic, darkly fascinating tale, and how could it be otherwise?
0.5 As a colorful chapter in American infamy, it's a story worth telling in a better, more suspenseful film, but J. Edgar does not hang together.
0.5 Leonardo DiCaprio has the unenviable task of playing a character without a single redeeming feature.
0.625 This is not quite the be-all, end-all biopic of J. Edgar Hoover that prospective viewers were expecting, or at least hoped for.
0.4 J. Edgar is infuriatingly coy and noncritical about its subject, an undeniable patriot but also an alarmist and a ruiner of lives.
0.5 A non-controversial movie about a controversial figure.
0.5 May not be the sort of disingenuously heroic tale Hoover would've spun about himself, but it's too scattershot to feel entirely true -- or at least convincing.
0.75 Images of the living, yet decaying, body are what turn a cookie-cutter biopic into something far more personal.
0.75 The film ages DiCaprio convincingly, Hammer less so. Still, Hammer almost steals the show. While DiCaprio has some noteworthy scenes, it's tough to forget it's the actor playing Hoover. In contrast, Hammer and Watts disappear into more subtle roles.
0.7 Mr. Eastwood doesn't just shift between Hoover's past and present, his intimate life and popular persona, he also puts them into dialectic play, showing repeatedly how each informed the other.
0.6 Leonardo DiCaprio, grounded and sure, has commitment to spare. His portrayal of Hoover is undeniably terrific.
0.4 Power doesn't necessarily make intriguing character. Is Clint next considering a movie about Henry Kissinger or Karl Rove?
0.8 For all its rough edges, J. Edgar is finally a thought-provoking emotion picture of deep sadness, a far-ranging elegy disguised as a historical drama.
0.8 J.Edgar is one of the best films of 2011.
0.6 There is skill and craft to every scene and DiCaprio's performance is solid, but J. Edgar never feels like some of Eastwood's most focused work.
0.75 The resonating images of Hoover are of a man increasingly and tragically out of step with time. Thankfully, it's been quite the opposite for Eastwood.
0.2 Represents a low point no Eastwood aficionado can ignore.
0.8 While the essence of J. Edgar remains ambivalent and inscrutable, Leonardo DiCaprio emerges as a definite Oscar contender.
0.7 A tip of the hat to Chan for taking a break from his big-budget Hollywood mugging to return to his roots and do what he does best: shake up the streets of Hong Kong.
0.6 Chan se sai muito bem em um papel mais dramatico do que de costume, mas, embora as sequencias de acao sejam eficazes, o filme e longo demais e acaba perdendo o ritmo em varios momentos.
0.875 Rebels of the Neon God still brims with the panache of someone still figuring himself out...
0.89 Tsai's film is steeped in sweaty ennui. Somehow he's managed to capture the humid closeness of city dwelling on celluloid.
0.875 [Rebels of the Neon God] is the director's most accessible film. That will seem like a funny observation once you've seen it, because Tsai's most accessible film is more unusual and uncompromising than any you're likely to see this year.
0.8 Tsai's work sees generational defiance as a symptom of the ennui felt by their young subjects as they drift into adulthood, and Rebels' unusually sharp focus on that theme makes it an accessible primer.
0.7 Its relatively conventional approach (including a recurring musical theme!) doesn't obscure the beautiful, enigmatic tone that's long set Tsai apart.
0.875 Tsai Ming-liang's debut makes one yearn for an alternative reality where it, not Pulp Fiction, became the beacon of '90s independent filmmaking.
1.0 Using very little camera movement and a good deal of humor, pathos, and rained out cityscapes, the director crafts an enjoyable, fast-paced, but still poignant, look at modern loneliness.
0.7 well-written, well-directed and well-acted genre film
0.8 Um inteligente drama policial que se preocupa mais com o desenvolvimento de seus personagens (e com as relacoes entre estes) do que com tiroteios e reviravoltas.
0.6 Far too light on action to be very exciting, and far too generic and familiar to be genuinely intriguing, Infernal Affairsis ultimately a forgettable affair.
1.0 Everything you'd want in a police action thriller: powerhouse performances, Grade A production values, a good script and suspenseful direction.
0.8 Solid character-centric piece that's more interested in psychology than in gritty action sequences.
0.875 ...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy.
0.7 I appreciated the filmmakers' conviction to keep the story as gutsy as possible. The film doesn't flinch.
0.875 Beauty in its consistent, washed-out blues and silvers, grace in its understated, intense male performances and energy in its unyielding commitment to tone and tension.
0.75 What makes it special is the inner turmoil caused by living a lie. If everyone you know and everything you do for 10 years indicates you are one kind of person, and you know you are another, how do you live with that?
0.875 A blistering thriller and an intelligent character study and a comic take-off on the conventions of thrillers.
0.8 This is the type of movie Asian action fans talk about when they say they love the genre.
0.8 The twists offered in Infernal Affairs ... take the genre to enthralling new heights, guaranteeing that any future such efforts will have an entirely new bar for which to aim.
0.875 A beautifully crafted, exciting story that keeps on surprising you to the very end.
0.875 Infernal Affairs is the combustible Hong Kong fever dream that would emerge from a night spent watching Heat and Donnie Brasco back to back.
0.6 Skilfully directed by cinematographer Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Infernal Affairs has the feel of a made-for-prime-time U.S. police thriller.
0.5 A great cop yarn.
1.0 Asia is seizing another of our taken-for-granted, creatively neglected staples, the cop movie, and again shows us how relevant and entertaining it can be when given proper respect.
0.75 The performances and plot make it worth seeing, and the film presents a valuable opportunity to sample the original while we wait for what will surely be a must-see remake.
0.6 A high tension police drama set in Hong Kong where the operations of both the police and crime syndicates are hobbled by moles within their organizations.
0.75 It offers a fairly fresh variation on a done-to-death genre.
0.6 Even when the film is in danger of getting bogged down in its own complications, the hard-boiled poetry of its images is arresting.
0.75 It overflows with psychological intrigue, something often missing from such offerings.
0.75 A consistently engrossing thriller.
0.875 The movie's engine is the relationships and the characters' inner lives, all of it boiling with emotional intensity.
0.75 It's hard to resist the charismatic teaming of Tony Leung and Andy Lau as a cop and a criminal wearing like hats for cross purposes.
0.75 This is a real grabber.
0.6 It's a cop movie that's constantly trying to convince you it's not just a cop movie
0.875 This is a movie that gets its hooks into you early, and no chance is it letting go.
0.7 Gritty and noirish
0.5 Infernal Affairs could be the syllabus for "The Effects of Michael Mann, Tony Scott, and the American Police Procedural on Asian Cinema."
0.6 It's refreshing enough to make up for its occasional missteps in the storytelling department.
0.9 ... furiously paced, full of drama, and as tense as elevator cable ...
0.875 This stripped-down noir, about a pair of detectives leading undercover lives, signals a new era for Hong Kong filmmaking.
0.7 Don't let the title fool you. Instead of a hit piece on Michael Moore's politics, Wilson examines his techniques, particularly the dishonest approaches he uses in filmmaking.
0.4 Wilson parece ser uma boa pessoa (e Jillette e sempre genial), mas o filme comete muitos dos mesmos erros atribuidos a Moore (que merece, sim, uma reprimenda publica).
0.75 Wilson makes it clear that he doesn't share Moore's political beliefs, but the film isn't about ideology as much as accountability. The theme is: How does he get away with it?
0.4 It's material we've seen before and the few oddball stamps feel painfully forced. It's not even good for a cry, dammit. At least these family dramas are usually good for a cry!
0.375 As deadly as its funereal subject matter.
0.5 Steve Howey, as a stoner-sage gay Hawaiian personal trainer, almost makes this worth watching all by himself.
0.375 Contains an excess of self-impressed quirkiness that serves no real purpose and goes nowhere.
0.8 Hollywood, in its infinite wisdom, figures it can make better American pulp than the French can. As it turns out, Hollywood is right.
0.2 bah. rent the French original
0.6 An okay remake of the better LA FEMME NIKITA. Captures the spirit, but not the intensity.
0.4 Fonda looks great in that little black cocktail dress, but this studio remake robs the terrific original of its soul.
0.4 Bridget looks great, but the film is hackneyed.
0.4 O mais fraco dos recentes filmes de terror ambientados em cavernas, traz atores apenas medianos, um roteiro bobo e um final absolutamente desastroso.
0.6 Were we pleased or frightened? Pleased, John.
0.6 Technically gorgeous... But it's such a wreck of tone and intellect.
1.0 Wildly inventive, exceptionally cast and undeniably controversial, there's an endless list of subtexts and viewpoints which will fuel student pub debates for years.
0.75 Blistering, hallucinatory, often brilliant, the film by David Fincher is a combination punch of social satire and sociopathology.
0.625 A movie that wants to keep its audience unsettled from beginning to end.
0.8 There's many levels of brilliance to this film, from the script to the acting to the cinematography to the overall directing.
0.8 Lurid, twisted, and violent. Not for kids.
0.75 where Taxi Driver sees the fallacy in canonizing Travis Bickle, Fight Club does it without irony.
0.86 The last great male-centric movie of the last millennium just arrived on a spectacular new Blu-ray disc for its 10th anniversary, providing the opportunity to relish every aspect of David Fincher's ultimate dissection of Gen-X masculinity. Fight Club</
0.875 A complex, confused look at life in late-'90s America, David Fincher's blood-black comedy Fight Club remains one of the most divisive pictures of the past 20 years.
1.0 Fight Club is still today a definitive film, a statement as strong as any rock anthem and twice as packed with power chords.
1.0 One of the seminal films of the 1990s...just as darkly funny, epic, and psychically wrenching as ever. [Blu-ray]
0.6 May also be yet another example of a book that was just fine as a book -- that didn't need to be made into a film.
0.625 I don't mind a film with a surprise ending but, rather than enhancing the film, the climactic revelation in Fight Club cancels out everything previously seen. In fact, the bitter end of the film is a hypocritical cop-out.
0.8 It might not be as controversial as it was back in 1999, but it's definitely just as relevant.
1.0 One of the greatest films ever made
0.77 In the future, all manner of society's ills in the future will be blamed on this movie. [But] this is a film that exposes evil, not one that glorifies it.
0.625 It's a movie with all the warmth of a refrigerated meat locker at midnight. And who wants to hang around there?
0.75 This is a strange, agonized film--a darkly comic end-of-the-millennium fable with unforgettable performances and visuals. The writing is tight, smart and edgy; there's no question it hits a chord with our consumer-crazed lifestyle.
0.5 If it had all continued in the vein explored in the first act, it might have become a great film. But the second act is pandering and the third is trickery.
0.7 What puts the fight in Fight Club is Fincher's visual wizardry.
0.8 Fight Club is not just a movie, but a wake up call to a disenfranchised generation sick of being told by advertising what to drive, wear, buy, smoke, drink and eat in order to be cool.
1.0 [Jack's] search may not necessarily be over at the end, but a new one by the audience may have commenced. Any film that makes you question yourself must be doing something right.
1.0 Rock-'em, sock-'em, sharp satire is among the best films of the '90s.
1.0 An absolutely amazing movie, as subversive as it gets. It's a wonder it ever got made, especially by a major studio.
1.0 Delivers a sucker punch to the audience and then pulls the rug out from under it. It is sensational.
1.0 Um retrato perturbador da inquietacao do homem moderno.
1.0 Fischner's ability to subvert expectation by delivering such an ultimately positive message is the film's greatest achievement.
0.9 La pelicula es visualmente impresionante, pero es tambien impresionante en si...
1.0 Its effectiveness lies in the timing of shock moments that invariably threaten to make you laugh, despite the political incorrectness of it all.
0.875 Norton's performance is just shy of brilliant
0.8 An incendiary, psychotic film surely guaranteed to polarize both critics and audiences alike
0.875 This is movie that sears the nerves, that immediately draws a line in the dirt and demands that you stand on one side or the other.
0.2 If you like movies like "NBK" and "RD" then you must see this movie. If you don't have a strong stomach and don't like violence. Stay home. Trust me on this.
1.0 A funny, powerful, flashy, tragic film that plays with your perceptions and with your preconceptions about movies and society.
0.8 The director of Seven and The Game for the first time finds subject matter audacious enough to suit his lightning-fast visual sophistication, and puts that style to stunningly effective use.
1.0 The Fight Club is a memorable and superior motion picture - a rare movie that does not abandon insight in its quest to jolt the viewer.
0.9 Fight Club is a fast paced rush of adrenaline boasting amazing performances from both Pitt and Norton.
0.75 This movie is dangerous.
0.75 Simply rough and thick! Even though it loses punch during its extended running time it is still a vibrant contribution to the film world
0.9 It has a power that cannot be denied. And its misogyny is only skin deep.
0.8 An extremely well-made but rather muddle-headed film that delivers a solid blow to the belly, yet does not stand up to rigorous intellectual examination.
0.9 A thought-provoking mind-bender, a wake-up punch to our collective solar plexus.
0.75 [Fincher's] stunning visual style carries the film well past its faults.
0.875 Fight Club's long setup is the funniest stuff Fincher has ever directed, and it hits its corporate, materialistic target with better accuracy than Mike Judge's Office Space.
0.9 This movie is almost hypnotically weird, and I liked it for that very reason. Not everyone will.
0.75 The Fight Club is an awesome man flick. Sorry girlies.
0.8 Director Fincher knows atmosphere, and atmosphere is what you get.
0.75 Cinematic pop art
0.75 Dares to question American values in the most inventive ways since Dr. Strangelove.
1.0 See it or I'll have to fight you in the parking lot after work!
0.75 Vision de los peligros psicologicos en los que podemos caer gracias a nuestra tecnificada sociedad
0.875 A challenging piece of work, a film demanding that its viewers look past what's on its surface and find something deeper.
0.8 Dark, brutal and very funny, Fight Club is one of the most mesmerizing films to come along in quite a while.
0.9 Fight Club combines a physical rush with an intelligent script and features wonderful performances of sharply-defined characters.
0.875 The brightly written script by Jim Uhls literally bursts with memorable lines that will have you laughing and thinking.
1.0 A bracing, mesmerizing, bitterly funny and deeply unsettling fable.
1.0 The cool charisma of Norton and Pitt is ... vital in seducing us, and both actors carry themselves confidently while speaking their dialogue with tough, throaty assurance.
1.0 Hardcore masterpiece.
0.7 The film may be violent and funny, but it's never simple.
0.9 See this film with a friend so you can console one another afterwards.
0.9 Fincher delves once again into the bowels of our uber-psyche -- quite literally in the propulsive, Dust Brothers-scored opening credits sequence -- and announces that a lot of us are walking very close to the edge.
0.875 Fincher, the director of Seven, leads you down a murky winding path of dark, dank cellars and alleys in which water drips incessantly and blood and sweat flow and coalesce as if choreographed by a Balanchine.
1.0 Physical violence may give the initial sting, but it's the film's psychological violence that leaves the lasting impression.
0.75 A real go-for-the-throat satire tracking the rising tide of rage in America.
0.25 Bloody mess of a guy film loses its battle to have any real meaning.
0.8 Director David Fincher has solidified a place for himself as the penultimate director of the 90's.
0.375 Instead of a nasty story with life lessons, what we have is testosterone-driven lunatics who enjoy pain, the sight of blood, and hearing bones crunch. David Cronenberg might have succeeded with the material -- David Fincher doesn't.
0.3 If the first rule of Fight Club is 'Nobody talks about Fight Club,' a fitting subsection might be 'Why would anyone want to?'
0.6 ...an incredibly brutal and pretentious film ostensibly about alienation in a modern desensitized world, a black comedy that entertains only on the most superficial level.
0.5 Taking every scene on an individual basis, it is often madly brilliant, but put it all together, and it is a pretentious, incoherent mess.
0.8 A misguided but visually entrancing film that works better as satire.
0.5 ...probably Miike's most accomplished and coherent effort - though it's still suffering from a whole host of problems.
0.6 Kozak's first feature... thrives when its story stays intimate, but all too frequently falls victim to over-plotting and implausibility.
0.5 The film's long middle is still a slog, but the beginning and ending are loud and weird enough to supply solid entertainment.
0.4 I may not be a doctor but believe me there is no way that Stewart and Pattinson would ever produce a baby this ugly.
0.875 The Twilight series comes to a close with this uneven yet satisfying finale that effectively wraps up the saga of these vivid, almost iconic characters...
0.6 I rolled my eyes, laughed at, and laughed with this film. I was entertained. It's a sloppy enjoyable mess, and the most fun I had watching a 'Twilight' movie.
0.5 Hopelessly dumb and often unintentionally funny. As with everything about this nutty series, I couldn't shake the feeling that Stephenie Meyer's creation is just kooky in all the wrong ways.
0.6 if you haven't seen any of them - why not see this one? It's crazy fun for less than two hours ... It's all very tonally specific, and the tone is bonkers. But it's so intriguing, and everyone looks so good ... the guiltiest pleasure of the year.
0.5 In one of Stephenie Meyer's weirder conceits, Jacob 'imprints' on Bella's daughter: This may be the most awkward way to resolve a love triangle since Luke discovered Leia was his sister.
0.625 Condon, the cast, and the crew of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 have made something they can be proud of.
0.8 "Breaking Dawn Part 2" offers readers and moviegoers the ending they hoped for. Only problem is most will be asking for more and wishing it was not the final chapter.
0.7 The big payoff to the Twilight saga is a solidly mounted, carefully directed exercise in franchise box-ticking... Even the decapitations are done tastefully.
0.6 The perfect ending of the series for those who are fans of the books, but for the rest it is a little overdone and confusing.
0.5 At a key point, coven leader Aro (Michael Sheen) lets out a spectacular laugh - which nearly drowned out my own.
0.2 Not nearly enough shots of Taylor's abs.
0.4 Even for a franchise that is horribly light on drama, nothing at all happens here.
0.5 And so it ends -- better than it started, but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought.
0.375 Oh, my, what a cheat is in store for viewers of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2.'
0.2 A reminder that the journey has been a murmur rather than a saga, and the final plod is no exception
0.55 From bottom of my heart thank you. And thank you to Bella, Edward and Jacob for letting us laugh, cry, debate, and pick sides while you three bastards stare at each other.
0.6 Bloodier, funnier and even more ridiculous, but the final chapter of this saga is better paced than the Potterthon.
0.5 The fifth and final entry in the historically successful "Twilight" franchise is the most self-aware and in some ways the most entertaining.
0.375 Well, thank god that's over.
0.6 There are better ways to spend your evening. Perhaps there's some laundry to be done?
0.5 I'll probably never understand the popularity of the Twilight movies. They're haphazardly assembled adaptations of awful books.
0.375 As for the millions that have had to suffer through this series, we celebrate the end of one of the worst franchises in cinematic history and are thankful that we no longer have to dread more of this soap opera that should have been cancelled long ago.
0.5 The Twilight films can hardly be considered masterpieces, but neither do they deserve the fear and loathing from male moviegoers threatened by the very existence of any franchise aimed at women. Still, this one fares the worst in practically every regard.
0.625 Twihards, don't rip my head off for saying this, but I enjoyed your reaction to the final Twilight movie than the actual movie, although it was better than the awful Part I.
0.6 Syrupy, suspensful and surreal, proclaiming this final segment as the best of the 'Twilight' saga is damning with faint praise.
0.5 If you removed the endless soulful gazes, this whole series could've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus.
0.6 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 won't win any converts to either Team Edward or Team Jacob, but it has enough appeal to extend beyond the hardcore fans who attend ritualistically as a form of tribal identifier...
0.0 Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 2 is an unredeemable waste of time and money. Like the vampire characters it's utterly lifeless and yet by that monstrous twist of fate - it exists.
0.2 The Twilight Saga has finally ended, not with a triumphant roar but with the self-satisfied mumble of an inconsiderate lover rolling over and breaking wind as they fall asleep
0.8 The ultimate catharsis, giving the series' detractors exactly what they've wanted to see all these many years [and] telling the story that Twihards wanted to see too.
0.4 It's a mess
0.3 Much like The Human Centipede 2, Breaking Dawn: Part 2 completely fails as a serious film, but it makes one heck of an entertaining comedy.
0.6 'Breaking Dawn - Part 2' is the best of the series, despite the terrible CGI, mediocre dialogue and constant reminder of this is nothing but a love triangle between two guys and girl.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 isn't the best Twilight Saga movie, but it does contain the best Twilight battle.
0.6 Wow, is it fun.
0.6 Final Twilight focuses on Edward and Bella's legacy.
0.6 Unintentionally humorous exchanges and awkward visuals undercut the quality of the filmmaking - but the final movie delivers a solid conclusion for its intended audience.
0.5 You're going to hear a lot about Breaking Dawn Part 2 being the best of the Twilight movies. That's like saying a simple head cold is preferable to swine flu.
0.4 The Twilight Saga signs off on something of a whimper with Breaking Dawn - Part 2, despite the best intentions of those involved to bring some extra punch and spectacle to Stephenie Meyer's source novel.
0.4 (It all) adds up to a movie of limited pleasures and lengthy miseries... and when combined with Part 1, it's an endurance test that few outside the faithful could even pass.
0.5 The prologue picks up where the nutty "Part I" left off, but that's about it for the next hour and a half.
0.2 A tepid end to a tepid saga. The CGI is bad enough that you'd think this came from the mid-nineties.
0.4 The 'Twilight Saga' has no upmarket aspirations. Seeking neither critical applause or peer-review awards, these movies, like those of Tyler Perry, seek only to provide unabashed satisfaction to those who believe in their characters.
0.7 With a flurry of bonkers action and cross-species bonding, The Twilight Saga surges to a howling conclusion that has more attitude in it than all four previous films put together.
0.375 Will Chris Hansen and the Dateline NBC team burst out of the woods to catch that predator Jacob?
0.6 The fifth and final instalment of the Twilight saga has the best climax of any blockbuster this year.
0.5 The finale is a doozy, almost certain to be satisfying to fans and impressive even to the casual "Twilight" viewer. But so much of what comes before that payoff...is mundane, dull, all talk and no action.
0.6 A riotous showdown ... finds an absurdly ingenious way both to preserve and subvert the contentiously passive climax of Meyer's novel.
0.75 Finally, there is something we can all agree on: Twilight is awesome. Trust me, I'm shrieking on the inside.
0.375 I'm not sure why I even bother to review these movies. TWILIGHT fans are going to see these regardless of what I think. They're going to like BREAKING DAWN part 2, just because it's TWILIGHT. They're blinded.
1.05 The opening section of the movie has the air of a 1980s shampoo commercial as the two newlyweds... make passionate love to a nonstop music track.
0.6 A tortura chegou ao fim.
0.625 Ironically, Kristen Stewart shows more life and spark dead than she did alive in four previous movies as the vapid Bella.
0.625 [The end credits are] a chance for "Twilight" fans to say goodbye to their favorites, and a chance for everyone else to delight in the knowledge that this consistently underwhelming saga is at long last over.
0.75 A finale that both rewards longtime fans with the most satisfying conclusion possible while providing a spectacular main event style brawl for action junkies.
0.25 It's a movie so dull you might start yanking on your own head after about an hour.
0.5 The series as a whole has steadily lowered the level of expectations to the point where 'less bad' has become 'good.'
0.4 Other than the Bram Stoker meets "Braveheart" battle, this vessel offers very little to make our collective blood race.
0.625 After the laborious exposition of "Part 1," "Part 2" is able to reap the benefits, tying together some disparate threads and providing real action at the end.
0.1 Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage.
0.6 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 offers a very efficient, mildly touching, morally unimpeachable conclusion to a chronicle that has left an indelible impact on contemporary popular culture.
0.625 The first "Twilight" film that could get non-fans' hearts pumping turns out to be the last.
0.5 Fans of the series, which has made more than $2 billion worldwide, will no doubt find it all terribly romantic and deeply meaningful. The rest of humanity will remain unmoved.
0.6 Despite the slow start Mr. Condon closes the series in fine, smooth style. He gives fans all the lovely flowers, conditioned hair and lightly erotic, dreamy kisses they deserve.
0.625 It's an ending to a four-book and five-movie series that will keep those who have read the books on their toes but still satisfy as one of the more action-packed and exciting of the Twilight movies.
0.4 Breaking Dawn Part 2 is the best Twilight movie ever made. That doesn't mean it's good.
0.4 As billion-dollar Hollywood franchises go, this is one of the drawn-out dumbest. The stake through the heart comes not a moment too soon.
0.5 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" doesn't end the series on an especially strong note, but it ends it. Let's count our blessings.
0.5 Full of pauses and intense looks and vague standing around ...
0.75 [Condon and Rosenberg] deviate from the original story created by Stephenie Meyer in a way that feels like a dance in the end zone.
0.7 Breaking Dawn - Part 2 will elicit laughs aplenty - but thankfully, they're all on purpose.
0.4 When the climactic battle finally arrives, it's a big letdown, full of bloodless decapitations (thanks, PG-13 rating) and awkward face-offs.
0.5 No rocket's red glare or bombs bursting in air for this Twilight's last gleaming.
0.4 Plays more like a bloated final hour of a better movie than an actually satisfying experience on its own terms.
0.4 The catering-ad backdrops, pouty nonperformances and cheap-looking effects still dominate.
0.375 With so many scenes of well-dressed vampires sitting or standing, stiffly, while Taylor Lautner or Robert Pattinson or Kristen Stewart passes another micro-slab of dialogue like a kidney stone, [Sheen's] overacting's greatly appreciated, thanks.
0.9 A satisfying and gratifying ending to the journey of Edward and Bella that summarizes all the lessons we've learned from them.
0.6 Director Bill Condon makes up for his rather lacklustre adaptation of the first half of Stephenie Meyer's concluding novel Breaking Dawn with a full-throated Part 2.
0.4 The final Twilight movie, bizarrely actionless for much of its length, may be the longest whimper in Rom-Goth history. Even the title weakens the will to live.
0.625 It's not a good film, but viewed from a cockeyed angle, it's a great guilty pleasure, and director Bill Condon is in on the joke.
0.625 Easily the trippiest and goofiest of the five addled adolescent vampire romances based on the Stephenie Meyer books ...
0.625 Immortality becomes Bella. After moping and mewing throughout the first four film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer's "Twilight" paranormal romance series, the heroine takes charge.
0.625 It's a fairly satisfying wrap-up to a not-very-satisfying series.
0.5 The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best film in the series, thanks to stylish direction, a good sense of tone, and decent acting. It also has an infuriating ending that reinforces the worst of this series.
0.6 Director Bill Condon infuses the final entry with a refreshing balance of fun, vibrancy, action, humor and genuine emotion, making Part 2 the best of the bunch, by far.
0.375 As for you, dear reader, the symptoms of our long national nightmare should begin to fade as you're heading out of the theater, dissipating by the time you clear the concession stand.
0.625 Breaking Dawn - Part 2, the fifth and concluding chapter of the young vampire romance franchise, manages to find a pulse as it profitably clicks the turnstiles one last time.
0.6 A mainstream film designed for mass consumption that is quirky and personal and deeply felt.
0.5 Heavenly shades of night are falling: it's Twilight time...[for a series which] has always been borderline comical in its moments of greatest sincerity...
0.4 This is still a silly, unapologetically melodramatic - and at times unintentionally funny - teen soap opera, and one that is made for fans and only fans. Which I still am not.
0.6 It's not a terribly satisfactory capper to the Twilight franchise because it sets aside the strange undercurrents of desire and danger that defined the series and made it such a hair-tearing conundrum for feminists ...
0.5 This fifth and mercifully final installment features so much idle anticipation that it's unclear whether we're watching a movie or an Apple product launch.
0.625 Characters are better employed; emotions are, for once, palpable; and the selfishness of Bella, author Stephenie Meyer's avatar, is finally somewhat squelched.
0.5 The final shrug.
0.75 Rather than repeat past mistakes by handling author Stephenie Meyer's supernatural love story with kid gloves, this "Twilight" cuts loose and is as playful as a puppy.
0.6 So why does Hollywood forget the female audience when we need more heroines like Katniss Everdeen and Bella Swan? Is it simply that boys like the cinema more than girls? Well, Twilight blew the cobwebs off that movie myth.
0.6 The dialogue remains spotty and sappy, the effects still haven't caught up to modern-day standards, but "Twilight's" popularity is such that even when it falls short, it doesn't seem to matter.
0.5 This is a rousing climax to the series. But, if you hated it from the beginning, there is no reason here to change your mind.
0.625 The changes make for a visceral, satisfying climax. After the ups and downs of previous "Twilight" films, it's good to have the series quit while it's ahead.
0.625 Finally, someone took the source material at its terribly written word and stopped treating the whole affair so seriously.
0.5 Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg aren't afraid to play fast and loose with Meyer's story, and that's a good thing. You just wish they'd done it more often.
0.4 Everyone's tying up loose ends, and demonstrating no particular enthusiasm about doing so.
0.4 Between its farcical script, soulless relationships and waxwork performances, this is a final chapter that will please only the most devout fans.
0.6 A lot more fun than the last few films and it does at least deliver a genuinely thrilling finale. Sort of.
0.6 Twilight fans will certainly enjoy BD2's faithful approach to the tricky-to-film source material and celebrate a triumphant ending to their beloved saga.
0.6 "Breaking Dawn, Part 2" expands with a full intensity of force, stronger and more epic than the films that led to this impactful finale.
0.625 I must admit if you're going to bring the series to a close, "Part 2" does it about as well as it can be done.
0.375 In the climactic sequence things finally start happening, as if they wanted to show the movie they could have made if they weren't stuck with such lifeless material.
0.375 The central question of this "saga" ... having been answered in the final seconds of the previous movie ... there simply is no longer any tension left.
0.625 On final assessment, "The Twilight Saga" has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of, but one thing is for sure: all involved saved the best for last.
0.8 The final film restores order and balance, with a firm grasp of what made the series exceptional in the first place.
0.4 After nearly two hours of padding, there's a laughable climactic battle sequence with heads shattering bloodlessly.
0.4 Aside from the impressive final showdown, Breaking Dawn - Part 2 feels like the dying breaths of a cash cow being milked dry.
0.6 Surprise: Twilight has discovered a fresh sense of danger and energy.
0.6 Bigger, better and bloodier than its predecessors...
0.6 Various character arcs are brought to a satisfying conclusion and there's a fun twist.
0.6 In terms of providing plenty of bang for one's buck, Breaking Dawn Part 2 definitely ends the franchise on a high note.
0.4 Heads roll, sparks fly, wolves howl and the cinema audience collapses, weak with laughter.
0.6 Fans will be left on a high; other viewers will be confused but generally entertained by a saga whose romance is matched only by its weirdness.
0.4 Despite all those fierce confrontations and tribal divisions, exhaustively rehearsed and mythologised, nobody's really a bad guy and nothing's really at stake.
0.6 Three fingers of supernatural teen romance served neat in a dirty glass with a sparkler and cocktail umbrella, and not a single concession is made to newcomers, or sanity.
0.6 Directed by Bill Condon, who helmed the last instalment, the film's an adequate end to the story but not much else.
0.8 Twilight Breaking Dawn: Part 2 really does stand up to be the epic conclusion that we were all waiting and hoping for
0.8 Every frame of silent, lip-biting, pent-up tension in the series has been holding its breath for this -- a 600-minute soap opera suddenly exploding into a Grindhouse slasher.
0.6 Somehow the final film has stuff to say about love, friendship and loyalty that works.
0.8 Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
0.875 The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
1.0 While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
0.9 By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
0.8 Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
0.625 ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
0.625 It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
0.4 Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
0.8 Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
0.7 ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to.
0.6 Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
1.0 Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
0.8 [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
0.8 Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
0.3 Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
0.75 An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
0.69 Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
0.6 The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
0.75 A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
0.5 The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
0.4 If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
0.75 It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
0.75 A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
1.0 The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
0.75 There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
0.9 Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
0.75 This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
0.875 ...one of the best films of the year.
0.5 Somewhere beneath the syrupy melodrama and the scenes that should have expired long ago, there is an intelligent, thoughtful western in waiting.
0.9 This is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in Silverado.
0.8 An exhilarating fusion of new and old Hollywood that proves there's still life left in one of film's oldest forms.
1.0 It's a grand old western the way they used to make 'em, simple and elegant and cool and dusty and marvelous... the best western made since Unforgiven.
0.7 The presence Duvall and Costner bring to the screen is only matched by Costner's ability as a director to take the dark material of Open Rangeand make it feel classic.
0.4 I started a thinkin how cum Kevin Costner couldn't a made a better movie. I shor nuff liked his Dances with Wolves but he jes moseyed round a lot more in this piture. Why there twern't a lot o action.
0.6 A movie that seeks no higher calling than to entertain us the way Hollywood used to.
0.7 Kevin Costner brings us another epic Western, but Robert Duvall steals the show.
0.6 Not without its charms.
0.375 Open Range is far from the worst film of the year, but it does test one's endurance like no other.
0.625 Open Range has too much of what its title portends.
0.6 A leisurely elegy for the American West with Kevin Costner's Unforgiven written all over it.
0.625 Has a pace as laconic as its director's screen persona.
0.5 Open Range is a Western in which the carts pull the horses.
1.0 If you grew up on Westerns, which are now an old-time religion, Open Range is a ride you want to share.
1.0 [A] very special and singular film
0.5 Purty but shallow.
0.9 Easily qualifies as the best Western since Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven.
0.75 A rousing addition to that most American of film genres, the western.
0.625 An awesome compendium of cowboy-movie cliches. It borders on parody, and often crosses the border, rustling up a drove of oater aphorisms.
0.6 Open Range is too talky, too corny and too long. Yet it gets so much right, from its simple affection for the sight of horses at full gallop to a climactic gunfight that sets a new standard for wit and excitement and right- eous revenge.
0.875 Kevin Costner is back in the saddle again, and people are going to start using "Oscar" and "Costner" in the same sentence again.
0.78 Robert Duvall brings an authenticity to his performances that puts any movie he appears in ahead of the game from the start.
0.75 A solidly crafted and entertaining old-school western.
0.75 Costner doesn't seek to reinvent the classic Westerns as much as simply honor them. On those modest terms, he succeeds.
0.5 There's a fine little western lurking inside Open Range: Too bad it gets drowned out by director Kevin Costner's pretentiousness.
0.875 A film that recycles familiar elements from a variety of cowboy classics but still establishes and maintains its own unique sensibility.
0.75 This is a great two-hour motion picture. Unfortunately, it runs 20 minutes longer than that.
0.8 The best duster since Clint Eastwood's 1992 triumph Unforgiven.
0.5 Despite some lapses in taste at the end, Open Range is competently directed, though rarely inspired. No one is going to mistake Kevin Costner for John Ford.
0.625 If the climax of Open Range is disappointing, the ending is almost intolerable, as the plot descends into a twinkling love story, and Costner reverts to filmmaking aimed at 12-year-olds.
0.625 A pretty decent little movie.
0.625 The first two hours of Open Range are a great pleasure, and the final minutes come as a vague indigestion.
0.75 With actors less sure than Duvall and Bening alongside him, Costner's old-fashioned Western would collapse. With them in the saddles, it rides into the sunset in high style.
0.8 One of 2003's best films.
0.75 A patient, suspenseful exercise in genre craftsmanship.
0.75 Costner saves his best work for the finale, an electrifying gun battle that steers clear of Western cliches to re-create the chaos and brutality of a place thick with flying bullets.
0.625 A good film struggling to free itself from directorial excess. . . . Open Range strives for the heft of [director Kevin] Costner's signature work, Dances With Wolves," but this tale is too simple for the royal treatment.
0.875 ...a movie my 79-year-old grandfather will love. And I can't think of a better compliment.
0.75 The final shootout belongs in the Western pantheon with the poetic, anti-heroic shootouts in Anthony Mann's The Far Country and Robert Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller.
0.6 Western's sincerity and Robert Duvall's warm, fascinating lead performance can't make up for a rough ride with an uneven tone.
0.75 This is by far the best film Costner has made in the past six years. As always, his direction misses no details, instilling considerably more sensitivity in the movie than you might expect to find in a Western.
0.75 As comfortable as a well-worn saddle, Open Range is something you might have caught one Sunday afternoon on Turner Classic Movies.
0.7 Proves the new-fashioned western can deliver good old-fashioned entertainment.
0.75 [A] relaxed, beautifully photographed Western.
0.8 Ultimately it was the characters that drew me in, specifically Duvall and Costner's.
0.875 An imperfect but deeply involving and beautifully made Western.
0.75 Open Range is actually pretty good.
0.25 Kevin Costner's Open Range only proves it's time for this cowboy to hang up his spurs.
0.875 A flashback to both the great American western and a form of storytelling where gunshots were not an immediate reaction but a methodical inevitability.
0.8 Costner approaches the project with an earnest nobility that's quite impressive, mainly because Earnest Nobility often becomes Unintentional Hilarity when coaxed too adamantly
0.75 Costner seems to fashion himself as a modern-day Frank Capra, pitting his flawed but morally centered heroes against a system waiting to tear them to shreds.
0.625 Open Range does not reach the heights of such classic Westerns as Red River or Unforgiven. It strives to be classy, which is one of its faults.
0.625 A sincere, big-hearted attempt to revive the classic westerns of John Ford and Howard Hawks, Open Range is more good than bad.
0.4 A ponderous drag.
0.6 Kevin Knows Westerns.
0.5 A striking, if flawed, achievement.
0.6 A harmless but singularly unremarkable oater that takes a long time to reach the Big Shootout.
0.75 From its gorgeous photography...to its brutal, wide-ranging, Peckinpah-worthy climactic shootout, this is some of Costner's best work.
0.625 The actors are so good that you could almost live with the man's- gotta -do-what -a-man's -gotta-do excesses of Craig Storper's script.
0.75 Costner is not the most exuberant actor, but, for the most part, that's an asset here.
0.7 After a long string of bombs, Costner delivers a real winner that will remind people why he won an Oscar for Dances with Wolves.
0.625 A strange mix of the grand and the hackneyed that it never really gets its bearings -- even though, at its best, it reminds us how grand, impure and potentially alive the Western genre can be.
1.0 ...bold, compelling and brilliant...
0.9 Open Range puts Kevin Costner at the reins of a terrific movie.
0.3 It won't be long before Kevin Costner films are viewed by prescription only._ No drug could come close to curing insomnia in the way that Kevin's latest movie does.
0.8 Fits Costner's on screen sensibilities like a glove, making him seem as if he were born to play a craggy faced cowboy and nothing else.
0.625 Good old fashioned Western scenery. Great performance by Duvall. Slow at outset, weak accents, some holes, some implausibles.
0.625 It also helps that Costner doesn't allow the hurt inflicted against his oppressed free grazers to approach the wearisome political correctness of his Dances With Wolves.
0.875 Not only one of the best of the few Westerns made recently, it's also one of the finest Westerns, period.
0.5 Kevin Costner rises up from the carcass of his career to produce, direct and star in a flaccid ode to the classic Western.
0.7 The saga length of the story might have had more impact with less bloat and mythic gravity, a tendency that seems to pursue Costner like an underfed bronco.
0.625 A western that wrestles briefly with Unforgiven introspection before contenting itself with fiddling around with a gun/dog fetish.
1.0 Open Range is a romantic, beautiful, and delightfully authentic Western.
0.4 Kevin keeps all the actors on screen at an energy level that wavers between laconic and stoic and stoic may be overstating the case just a smidge
1.0 The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age.
0.8 Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world.
1.0 The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece.
0.6 Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses.
0.8 Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache.
1.0 Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short.
1.0 It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation.
1.0 This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.
1.0 Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.
0.875 The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers.
0.7 Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.
0.87 The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist.
1.0 The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film.
1.0 Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed.
1.0 Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.
0.875 A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people.
1.0 This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies.
1.0 It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time.
1.0 A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam.
0.6 A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us.
0.8 Draggy and devastating by turns
0.6 Overlong, but with moments of greatness.
0.9 Brutally memorable.
0.8 Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting.
1.0 Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed
0.4 Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever.
1.0 One of the greatest war films of all time.
1.0 A brilliant war movie with stunning performances.
0.9 A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends.
0.92 The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable.
0.9 [It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war.
0.875 Along with A Woman Under the Influence, Cassavetes' most popular movie among critics, art-house audiences and Academy members.
0.75 Cassavetes was interested in actors and their freak-show intensities, and their performances give his films a hyper-real quality.
1.0 Though it is sometimes a tedious viewing experience, its improvisational and documentary techniques are rewarding.
0.8 The second half is very good
1.0 Faces is the sort of film that makes you want to grab people by the neck and drag them into the theater and shout: 'Here!'
0.75 John Marley and Lynn Carlin play the conflicted couple with a raw emotional reality that is uncomfortable to watch and impossible to forget.
0.8 The movie is very blunt and relentless, sometimes redundant, at moments nearly unintelligible, but the entire effect is as of a high-strung, very bright documentary about the way things are.
0.79 More than one moviegoer has found Cassavetes' films far too bleak to sit through voluntarily. But others feel quite the opposite, as his insights are important and this film is skilfully made.
0.5 [A] rambling and ultimately uninspired film, intentionally made to look cheap and lacking in much resolution.
0.875 a poignant, even tragic portrait of the nature of sacrifice
0.6 Offers a wacky portrait of the sexual foibles of men.
0.8 70's Samurai action ... mixes drama and historical relevance with the mostly two-dimensional villains and wholesale slaughter that you'd expect from a good chop-sake' film.
0.8 The final instalment, Deathly Hallows Part 2, is a bravura duel between good and evil. It's also a cathartic, occasionally clunky nostalgiafest.
0.75 Come the conclusion, tears no doubt will be shed, probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era's end, I'm not sure. Probably both.
0.875 It's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen. Expect tears, both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling.
0.8 For 10 years and eight films we've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people, as performers and as characters. It has been a true coming-of-age saga, in the fullest and most moving sense of the term.
0.75 The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films, and the reason this one works, is the acting of its three young leads.
0.6 It certainly went out making its presence felt, but in my opinion, though there were explosions aplenty, a few deaths, and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should, I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang.
0.6 The grand finish, if not always inspired, feels necessary. In a sustained, imaginative way, this is the best of any movie series.
0.5 Sadly, though, the finale isn't the spectacle the series really deserves, and I feel fans will gloss over the film's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that 'the Deathly Hallows Part 2' is an average affair.
0.6 As to the three principals, they've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully.
0.875 When the time comes to face Harry's fate, Radcliffe confidently, casually shows how much he's matured as an actor.
0.85 I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close. It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy, even at its spottiest, and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories.
1.0 Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology.
0.8 Thankfully, Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, a smashing, melancholy, and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga.
1.0 The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each, so it's obvious their followers are legion. But this is also a series that takes itself seriously, never more so than in this, the deathly finale.
0.875 Radcliffe's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary, truly amazing when you think about it.
1.0 This enthralling film ends the series on a high note, exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived, an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people.
0.625 Passable, well-acted, but not one of the best films of the series.
0.8 The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released.
0.75 Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters.
0.875 What truly unifies this ten-year, eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards.
0.8 Ending the light fantastic
0.8 A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation.
0.7 For the most part, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II picks up right where Part I, the franchise's shining beacon on a hill, leaves off.
0.81 It all ends. And to be sure, it's a fitting end for the storied franchise.
0.625 Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they've been building toward for so long, and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics: roller coaster rides, battle scenes, close calls.
0.875 For the most part, the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children's book series to an era unto itself.
1.0 While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes, Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things, but, alas, it was a trick and a false hope, because in the end...it was, irrevocably, THE END.
0.6 This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago.
0.8 It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade.
0.8 An emotional, have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they've come to know, love and care about make their collective exit.
0.875 Back in the first movie, Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him. With the cinematic conclusion ten years later, he's been proven right.
0.7 The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood. Take a bow, folks.
0.9 ...as the ads suggest, it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills... horrors, action and laughs so easily generated in the "Potter" movies,
0.8 a very substantial fantasy film, perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films. With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion.
0.7 A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans; not the best HP movie but one of the best.
0.6 ... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally.
0.75 delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for: battles, suspense, revelations, and, most importantly, a fitting, emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling's novel.
0.875 The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings.
0.8 Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie.
0.8 If these movies have done nothing else, they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience, never swaying from that mission, and doing it exceptionally well.
1.0 ... a brilliant finish to the series, an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism.
0.6 Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie. No hace falta ser un gran fanatico para esperar esta culminacion con ansiedad, e incluso para emocionarse.
0.8 This is a massive, tentpole, franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential, surprising and exhilarating ingredient.
0.9 I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are.
0.6 The Harry Potter movies aren't really movies. They're the world's most expensive book illustrations.
0.75 The messianic aspect of Harry's purpose-driven life comes to the fore... making this an action-packed, adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story...
0.9 This Harry has something the others don't -- the power of goodbye. That helps this film be the best of the series.
0.9 This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel.
1.0 The magic isn't over. Far from it.
0.9 For a grand finale to a truly epic, good-natured franchise, this is a perfect goodbye that's very hard to beat.
0.9 Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces, the Harry Potter films, taken individually or as a whole, are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material.
1.0 It's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful, decade-long love affair with Harry Potter.
0.9 The filmmakers thankfully remember that we've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we, the audience, will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding.
0.9 While 'Deathly Hallows: Part 2' brings closure to the sprawling saga, the primary reason to see the film is because it's entertaining.
0.875 With nothing left to tell, the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back.
0.9 One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows: Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated, but for those in the know, it's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical.
0.8 begins with a bang and doesn't stop.
0.7 A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning.
0.875 Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking, imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale.
0.75 It's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper. It's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay. A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe's Pabst can.
0.75 More than ever, Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort, and the talented thespian is up to the task, holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance.
0.9 "A worthy conclusion to the series, providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling's wizard saga."
1.0 A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy.
0.9 If ever there was a critic-proof film, this is most certainly it - but, pleasingly, it's so good that it doesn't have to be.
0.875 Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper.
0.75 ... a mostly satisfying coda, with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux.
0.875 Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy, but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own.
0.875 The Potter universe, magical as it is, is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions. You don't read Harry Potter to escape, you read Harry Potter to find your way.
0.7 Not the be-all and end-all of its series, nor of summer blockbusters... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride.
0.875 Thematically, like any good myth, the Harry Potter story comes full circle, with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures, if only in our imaginations.
0.875 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution. This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper. There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like...
0.9 One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen, in this series or outside of it... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this.
0.5 [It] bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace. Many of the movies, including this one, have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them.
0.9 In the end, it's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling's concept that makes it a can't-put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind.
0.8 Harry Potter isn't about the wand choosing the wizard; it's about what education should be about: transforming imagination into reality.
0.875 Satisfying
1.0 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch. It's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment.
0.8 Ten years. Eight movies. Evil vanquished. It's done.
0.875 In the 10 years since Harry's first big- screen close-up, the spell has never been broken. And we Muggles have been made better for the magic.
0.9 As they say, all good things must come to an end. But in this instance, you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note. Thanks for the memories, Harry Potter. We'll miss you.
0.95 Fantastic! Emotional! Its a full blown out war!
1.0 Spectacularly epic, poignant end to a magical series.
0.875 "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more.
0.875 The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development, loud moments and quiet ones, and it's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish.
1.0 The greatest Potter film of them all.
0.8 The Potter films have gotten darker, both literally and figuratively, with each installment, and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black.
0.8 In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry's been forced to become. It's a real performance, layered and even moving.
0.8 A fitting final chapter.
0.6 Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad, you understand; it's much better than I expected, given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular.
1.0 This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name.
0.75 It's a solid capper for this monumental series.
0.75 It's so detailed and mature that there's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence.
0.8 There's no doubt about it: Harry Potter ends on a high.
0.8 The finale is a great British triumph, twice as good as its predecessor, highly recommended. A happy ending, as I think it's known.
0.8 There's not much to say about this movie. If you've read the books, you'll go and see it and love it. If you've seen all the other films, you'll go and see it and love it.
0.8 An exciting, appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish.
0.9 ...the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in "Return of the Jedi."
0.875 It's been a rocky road, but this final stop is among the series' best entries.
0.875 End of an extensive journey, hauling a weight of finality that's bittersweet. Still, there's much to celebrate here, with the picture a stirring, magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey.
0.8 An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates' finest entry yet, but one of the best films in the series.
0.8 This Potter movie is the greatest, a fantastic end to a monumental series.
0.75 By staying true to the book's themes, fans immersed in Rowling's world will be more than satisfied, and should be advised to bring a tissue.
0.7 It's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion.
0.8 So long, Harry. It's been magic.
0.8 Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes.
0.8 This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner.
1.0 The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning. That's the definition of a classic.
1.0 A fitting, shocking, exciting, mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome.
0.6 Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series.
0.8 Watched as a stand-alone film it's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying, but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history.
0.75 [Ends] the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels.
0.6 I can merely pay illiterate, honest homage to the costumes, special effects and set designs, which are all fantastic. And to the actors, hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis.
0.8 That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate.
0.8 after ten years, eight films, and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling, Harry Potter's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling, if not more so, than the first
1.0 The final film has been labeled the 'epic conclusion' and I was elated to discover that it didn't disappoint.
0.75 It works its own kind of magic, the kind that comes from a great story, well told.
1.0 This is a terrific, smartly designed adolescent adventure, visually rich, narratively satisfying, and bound to resonate for years to come.
0.7 Part 2 is never not good, but that's small comfort when anticipating greatness.
0.8 Less committed filmgoers probably won't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless.
0.8 The final installment of Harry Potter's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others.
0.8 It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series, nor the perfect conclusion to it. It's what it represents that's significant. And that's the end of an era.
1.0 A dazzling, stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise.
0.9 Harry Potter's epic journey ends with power and majesty. For 10 years, we've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb. All building to: This.
0.6 How do you compete with young Harry, young Ron, and young Hermione? You can't. They're ones of a kind. Good night sweet princes and princess.
1.0 The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before.
0.8 The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with.
0.9 Everything comes together; the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk venom, Parseltongue, polyjuice potion, the castle ghosts... there's no fat here.
0.8 So the wait was worth it. The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort, and is not a disappointment.
0.875 Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler's cinematic adventures began, the saga resolves in ways suspenseful, romantic and thrilling.
0.875 Exactly what it needs to be: artfully filmed, tautly paced, just sentimental enough.
0.8 As a standalone film, it delivers intense and engaging action. Though, I couldn't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see.
1.0 A truly magical finale.
0.875 The best was saved for last.
0.875 It has been extraordinarily fun, and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale. The best has been saved for the last.
1.0 The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray (where Eduardo Serra's cinematography will really pop) and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever.
0.8 David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers.
0.75 With its heartening final note of hope and renewal, Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all.
1.0 Well done, Harry! You've saved the best for last.
1.0 Tears are shed for the lost, cheers are raised for the (often unexpectedly) brave and noble, and, in the movie's final moments, there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking.
0.875 It's virtually non-stop action, though director David Yates, who has taken good care of these final four, ever-meaner Potter adventures, does a very crafty thing, following adapter Steve Kloves' screenplay.
0.875 This movie is impressively staged, the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through, there are surprises which, in hindsight, seem fair enough, and "Harry Potter" now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history.
1.0 A finale that's as moving, spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike.
1.0 Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project. Writer Steve Kloves... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials.
1.0 This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film.
0.8 J.K. Rowling's boy wizard gets a spectacular, yet not entirely satisfying finale.
0.875 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania.
0.875 It's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations. What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book, and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade.
0.9 Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end. The movie's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant, half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you've savored.
0.875 A satisfying wrap-up of the series, with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman.
0.875 Some will complain that the film doesn't explain anything, blithely assuming you've read the books, and simply plows ahead. Good.
0.875 The movie puts a spell on you.
0.8 Ao longo de uma decada, a serie Harry Potter transportou criancas de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa, imaginativa, envolvente, tocante, divertida, inteligente e deliciosa.
0.8 Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion.
1.0 What a way to go out.
0.8 Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring, director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film, and the best of the whole series.
0.75 ...good enough, which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole.
0.5 Epic battle? Please. Director David Yates moves at only two speeds: Super-charged yet not impactful and labored, faux-majestic stillness.
0.875 A fitting, expertly made final chapter, freighted with hard-won emotions, shot through with a sense of farewell, and fully aware of the epic stakes involved.
0.875 Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues. You're going to need both.
0.75 What fun to feel like a kid again. I had a marvelous time.
0.7 Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it.
0.75 If you don't know what a Horcrux is, then you're at the wrong movie.
0.7 One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D
0.75 Radcliffe's Potter is an abominable creation, capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees, ability to infiltrate the hero's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer.
0.875 Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material, this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic.
1.0 The final Harry Potter movie, above all others, supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion, but some real dramatic heft. Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout.
1.0 Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high.
0.875 We'll miss you, Harry. But oh, what a way to go out.
1.0 The fast-paced, spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series.
0.8 It may not contain many of the series' most comic, surprising or quotable moments, but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century's most popular fictional characters.
0.8 While it's unfolding, this is just terrific fun: eye-scorching, ear-battering, heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle.
0.8 It's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter, but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season, the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang, and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers.
0.8 It's wonderful. Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be.
0.7 The film's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice, the responsibilities of power, friendship, hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history.
0.8 It's a great sense of hope and affection that you're left with in the end, regardless of J.K. Rowling's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D, it adds very little
1.0 Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart, slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters (and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows).
0.8 With shifting loyalties, unlikely heroes, truths revealed and a little help from friends, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion.
0.9 Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding.
0.9 A triumphant, spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards.
0.8 Harry is, and always was, The Boy Who Lived, and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title, and realising that the burden of life is carried by all.
0.8 In the end the thing works like, well, magic...
0.9 An abbreviated, yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet.
0.95 To say they've saved the best for last would be an understatement. It's a finale that's truly magical in every way, and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet.
0.8 Deathly Hallows Part 2 isn't just a proper sendoff, but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place.
1.0 A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages!
0.875 While "Deathly Hallows: Part 2" offers long-promised answers, it also dares to pose some eternal questions, and it'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed.
0.8 Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick, even if it can't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings.
0.8 Set pieces so spectacular you'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days
0.8 Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment's latter two acts is more pathos, exhilaration, and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film, ten-year saga. Potter has certainly saved the best for last.
0.8 Love, loss, courage, hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga.
0.8 It's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture, yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers, here you feel totally invested in the protagonists' plight.
0.8 A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats. Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet, bespectacled, corduroy-wearing hero for the ages.
0.8 All too soon, in the words of the tagline, 'It All Ends'. Spectacularly. Emotionally. And Wanderfully.
0.8 Of course, if the films haven't won you over by this point, this one is unlikely to make you a convert, but for the millions of fans who've grown up with Potter, it's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition.
0.8 It's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet.
0.8 Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter, director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang. Finales don't come much grander than this.
0.8 This is such an entertaining, beguiling, charming and exciting picture. It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one, 10 years ago.
0.8 The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort. It could easily have been a letdown. But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying. It's thrilling.
0.8 You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it, but that won't be a problem for most people who see this film.
0.7 If one thing is evident, it's that Kiarostami enjoys blurring the line between real life and fiction.
1.0 The responsibility that Kiarostami feels toward truth combined with the genuine compassion that he displays toward his "characters" makes the film profoundly humanistic.
0.698 Moderately captivating, complex and sophisticated with exquisite production values, but too much exposition diminishes the dramatic momentum.
0.6 Overall, Alpha Alert delivers a decent thriller for a smaller direct-to-video scale production.
1.0 Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
0.75 A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
0.9 Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
0.8 Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
1.0 Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience. Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
1.0 ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
0.875 Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
0.9 Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not just because it's emotionally rich, but because it doesn't treat the MMA sport like a joke.
0.9 Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't want either fighter to lose.
0.75 One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
0.6 In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not wanted on this two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
0.75 Not far removed from its true-to-life counterpart 'The Fighter,' 'Warrior' is about two men who decide to enter a mixed martial arts competition for two very different reasons.
0.9 A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
0.4 This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
0.5 Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore.
0.9 Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
0.9 Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never submitting to life's beat downs.
0.7 Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
0.4 Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
0.8 The film's great achievement is not in the way it manages to drop us suitably wimpy audience members right into a good ol' fashioned no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
0.8 A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
0.625 Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
0.6 Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
0.875 easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
0.75 Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing. Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
0.75 Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering. Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
0.6 Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
0.4 Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
0.7 Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
0.8 Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
0.6 Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
0.6 Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton makes an implausible character believeable.
0.8 Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
0.8 A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
0.6 This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
0.6 The point here is not the triumph of some hypothetical good guy; the point is the beating out of brains
0.3 a hodge-podge of inspirational sports movie cliches mashed with pseudo-intellectual bullpucky trying to rise above its stand as a blatant advertisement for mixed martial arts
0.8 They call them "male weepies" for a reason and yes, dude, I cried.
0.6 Somehow, among the cliches and familiar story lines, the actors rise above the muck and make a movie that's entertaining to watch.
0.6 Only one thing actually needs to work, and it does... the important part is that when it gently treads on your heartstrings after all the pieces are in place, you get sniffly.
0.6 A tougher, meaner animal than close cousin The Fighter, with Hardy, Edgerton and Nolte at their pugnacious, heart-wrenching best.
0.9 The best movie I have seen this year. Hardy, Edgerton and especially Nolte are outstanding!
0.9 Nolte, his face weathered from life (has it really been 35 years since he played young Tom Jordache on "Rich Man, Poor Man?") would easily make my short list when Oscar nominations come around.
0.875 If you pass on seeing Warrior simply because you don't like MMA, you're denying yourself the chance to see a solid, well-made, emotionally gripping movie.
0.8 'Warrior' makes you cheer, sweat, laugh and in a completely shocking twist, cry just a little bit.
0.4 ...slow, predictable, woodenly acted, and utterly preposterous.
0.625 I had problems with The Fighter, but on balance, I have more with Warrior, which does a nice job of mostly subverting the inevitable genre cliches but has trouble coming up with anything new to fill the void.
0.9 Warrior is an epic, beautiful film, a must see!
0.875 The MMA bouts in "Warrior" are undeniably thrilling, but it's the cages that Paddy and his sons have built for themselves that contain the most drama.
0.8 enough ancillary surprises, and clever spins on classic tropes, to add a piquant sense of discovery, as well as some genuinely gripping suspense
0.8 Fantastic family drama features intense martial-arts fights.
0.75 Warrior is a weirdly affecting hybrid, a 100-proof melodrama that's two-thirds Sylvester Stallone and one-third Eugene O'Neill. Think Rocky's Long Day's Journey into Night.
0.8 A film that's a powerhouse for all the old-school reasons: a tremendous cast, identifiable characters you care about and a story that both excites and moves.
0.75 There are extraordinary degrees of emotion and intelligence to be found in every word spoken by Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
0.9 I cried three times! While a bit manipulative, I found myself emotionally invested in every character to the point where I could almost feel the punches!
0.7 Soap opera plot aside, ultimate fighting fans will eat this one up. As for the rest of us, it depends.
0.8 Exceedingly far-fetched but undeniably rousing.
0.8 Warrior might be a fairly conventional fight movie in many respects, but it's a damned fine one that more than holds its own against the challengers in its weight class.
0.375 ... for all of its supposed realism and reflection of hard times in America, the movie plays out as complete fairy-tale nonsense. It isn't a working-class success story -- it's a working-class fantasy world.
0.75 Director Gavin O'Connor comes out swinging in this flawed but fiercely moving family drama...Strong stuff.
0.75 While "Warrior" does offer enough jaw-snapping action to sate any 'roid-ragers in the audience, it works on deeper levels as well.
0.5 O'Connor treats the brothers' stories like two separate movies, but both are cliched, and we don't learn enough about the rules of mixed martial arts to be drawn into the many, many bouts we see.
0.5 Nolte's performance is masterful, marshalling together pain and regret and a slowly dawning comprehension in a single wince. But all this film has going for it besides him are its incredibly brutal fight scenes.
0.375 A cheap exploitation picture wrapped in miles and miles of stale would-be Oscar scenes...
0.875 "Warrior" could have used a bit more guts. But it's still a knockout.
0.6 This fictional drama about two men struggling with the anger planted in them by their abusive father has moments of power that push through a fake-out script.
0.875 Even Susan Lucci is rolling her eyes at these soap opera twists and turns, but Warrior is pretty good.
0.8 Three great actors and a smart script -- combined with the rah-rah sports movie we all know and love.
0.5 It's just a shame that, when the punching and kicking really gets started during the film's final third, the 140-minute tale goes flabby due to an uncomfortable mix of sincere populist enthusiasm and artistic ambition.
0.625 These are characters painted in such broad strokes that, while the sense of their journey is there, the feeling behind it winds up lacking.
0.75 Yes, the coincidences are fast and furious, but both Edgerton and Hardy give powerful performances as damaged men.
0.6 Warrior resists many opportunities to seal an easy resolution, and for this you remain with it until the final punch.
0.5 Hits things so hard, both literally and metaphorically, that it's hard not to feel pummeled yourself by the time it's over.
0.8 A skillfully made film complete with strong performances and a surprisingly gripping emotional core and it is those elements that help keep it humming along even when it threatens to collapse under the weight of its occasionally hokey plotting.
0.7 The plot is Shakespeare meets Balboa.
0.5 Choppy editing makes a hash out of the fight scenes, and, by the end, a Neanderthal sensibility asserts itself: A brotherly beating makes the heart grow fonder.
0.7 moving in a blatant sort of way
1.0 The set-up sounds gallingly crude and derivative, yet "Warrior" turns it into a one-two punch of gripping action and powerful drama.
0.75 The two leads, Edgerton and Hardy, pull off their respective roles - rising above the cliches and the melodrama - with ferocity and focus.
0.9 Yes, this is a mixed martial arts movie. It's also one of the most heart-wrenching and deeply felt films of the year.
0.625 All the director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor does is apply old boxing-film tricks to what is, for the movies, a new sport. Then he doubles them.
0.8 It is appropriately blunt, powerful and relentless, a study of male bodies in sweaty motion and masculine emotions in teary turmoil.
0.625 Every time you start resisting, somehow the film makes the sale, again.
0.875 One of the most emotionally involving sports movies ever ... surely as moving a film as possible to make about people beating the stuffing out of each other.
0.875 The scariest man in movies right now might be Tom Hardy. He somehow makes his sinews seethe.
0.75 "Soul of a lion." I jotted that down. For with "Warrior," it seems to apply.
0.75 This is a rare fight movie in which we don't want to see either fighter lose.
0.875 Lovers of the sport and macho men in general be warned: Warrior is so beautifully constructed and emotionally engaging, the tears are almost certain to fall. Bring a hankie and/or a very discreet companion.
0.5 Drawn-out and threadbare, its occasional moments of authentic family drama failing to carry the weight of the 140-minute running time.
0.8 The film takes off into the stratosphere, perfectly balancing concise editing, strategic momentum and masterfully performed fight dances while never letting the audience forget why this is happening and where we are in the competition.
0.81 The coincidences and melodrama are piled on as thick as Tom Hardy's neck muscles, but, thankfully, the movie, and even Hardy himself, shoulders it.
0.8 Hardy is as good an actor as there is working today; his intensity here is amazing. Nolte hasn't been this good in a long time. And Edgerton holds his own with both.
0.625 Alas, although the acting's uniformly strong, and the film has kitchen-sink grit to spare, it errs more on the side of 1995's Rocky IV than John Avildsen's '76 original...
0.6 Works like gangbusters -- tears will be stifled by the end of the sibling vs. sibling finale -- and most of the credit should go to Hardy, Nolte and Edgerton.
0.75 Skillfully made and adrenalin-fueled, Warrior is nothing like what I expected. It overcomes inescapable boxing and martial arts cliches and leaves you thoroughly sated, energized and wanting more.
0.8 A double-barreled Rocky for the mixed martial arts generations, the practically epic fight film Warrior is one of the most exhilarating surprises of this summer movie season.
0.9 With great intensity, Warrior is a pleasant surprise, capturing the heart and spirit of a champion.
1.0 The way it cobbles together the multiple storylines and relationships makes Warrior a more emotionally satisfying film than The Fighter. Lionsgate may want to get the train going on an Oscar campaign for Nolte.
0.7 Even if Warrior could have or should have shaped up into something bigger, it's impossible not to recommend.
0.75 There have been so many fight movies to come out of Hollywood that you wouldn't think there was room for another, but turns out there is.
1.0 The final third of the film, which covers the Sparta tournament in great detail, is a breathless triumph; a genuinely adrenaline pumping crescendo.
0.25 An immature, contrived, sap-infested drama of feuding family members, feel-good histrionics and mixed martial arts.
0.75 With Miracle and now Warrior, Gavin O'Conner can lay claim to being the finest sports-drama director working today.
0.875 Ultimately, this movie is more about the dark, bloody conflicts within the human heart than it is about what transpires in the cage.
0.9 A brilliantly executed film that succeeds both as a family drama and one of the most exciting sports films you're likely to see this year.
1.0 WARRIOR made me want to get on my feet and cheer. Move over BRIAN'S SONG- this is going to become a "guy cry" classic.
0.8 Boys working out their issues with their fists and feet isn't a particularly original metaphor, but Warrior makes some unexpected choices that allow the film to punch above its weight.
1.0 It hardly rewrites the rulebook, but Warrior is a powerful, moving and brilliant sports-pic-cum-family drama. Like The Fighter, but with kicking.
0.8 Warrior sets its sights on something much deeper than fighting.
1.0 As so many films get lost in the Friday shuffle of new releases, it seems easier for a quality, smaller film to miss its audience. Don't lose Warrior. It's one of the best films of 2011.
1.0 The Social Network is a spellbinding and compelling story with top notch performances and flawless directing.
1.0 The movie that shows you just what being "the smartest guy in the room" will get you.
1.0 Aaron Sorkin's amazing script and several great performances make this one of the best movies of 2010.
0.8 The Social Network may not turn out to be the definitive movie made about the plugged-in generation, but it's a pretty good start.
0.75 Fincher's keen eye for direction and Sorkin's sharp script make this worth seeing for fans and non-fans of [Facebook] alike.
0.8 Even if you've never touched a computer in your life, you'll find plenty to be fascinated by in this movie, as it shows that, whilst technology may be moving fast, the human capacity for hubris will always remain the same.
1.0 It's hard work making a character you don't like into a character you don't like, but can still respect.
0.9 It's part Citizen Kane, part Goodfellas, part Revenge of the Nerds and the most entertaining film you never knew you would want to see.
0.9 The Social Network is so engrossing you don't even notice how heavy handed the films central dramatic irony could be -- that the greatest tool for communication in the modern age was created by someone who has no idea how to relate to other people.
0.9 That the project is not only a success but one of 2010&#8242;s best films is a testament to Fincher's talent as a director and his seemingly perennial ability to surround himself with incredibly astute, like-minded collaborators.
0.9 Almost certainly deliberately indebted to [Citizen] Kane, a quality that wordlessly speaks to Zuckerberg's own inflated ego.
0.9 Enormously entertaining, thought-provoking and fascinating despite a flawed, possibly biased screenplay.
1.0 The merits of Facebook can be debated; the merits of The Social Network are undeniable.
0.8 An invigorating and vital film.
0.2 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.9 Snappy script, sharp editing, eerily perfect soundtrack and nuanced performances. One of the first films to articulate the psychological power and draw of the internet: what it feeds us and why we feed on it
0.7 Just how much of the story is really true is anyone's guess but the brilliant script and Eisenberg's performance make it worth seeing in any case.
0.8 The need to belong drives the men behind a revolution in the slick biopic The Social Network.
0.8 The great irony is that the biggest player in the social networking boom proved to be someone so socially retarded he borders on sociopathic at times.
0.875 I'm really not making this up. My best friend Emily called me half an hour before I left to see 'The Social Network.' And guess what she wanted to know? 'This woman who went to high school with us wants to friend me,' she said. 'Do you remember her?'
0.9 Fincher and Sorkin, who clearly acknowledged that the meat of the plot was in examining the diverse characters involved, are to be applauded.
0.7 It's a credit to the combined efforts of Fincher and Sorkin that the dramatic tension can (more than once) culminate in the refreshing of a website.
0.9 This is a beautifully made film by David Fincher with a superb screenplay by Aaron Sorkin.
0.8 Like Zuckerberg, Fincher excels at data management, delivering vast amounts of information with the utmost clarity and speed.
0.9 This masterful, contentious and gripping biopic downloads us deep inside the control-alt-delete mind of the creator of Facebook, and then throws away the escape key.
0.8 A film of our times that captures the spirit of a generation that isn't prepared to wait their turn or pay their dues and instead will make the opportunities for themselves or tear it away from the less ambitious.
1.0 This picture helps convey the significance of the social media revolution; the one that simultaneously brings us together and tears us apart. The Social Network is scarily good. It gets us.
0.8 It's a shamelessly biased account, as well as a seductively plausible one, although you have to keep your wits about you to get the full effect.
1.0 Fincher has delivered his best work since Seven. An even better period drama than Zodiac and even more relevant to our generation today than Fight Club.
1.0 It doesn't take but a few minutes into the film for us to realize we're not only watching Fincher's strongest film to date, but the year's as well.
0.9 Fincher has constructed a wonderfully balanced tale of a young narcissistic genius in want of status and recognition.
0.7 There's a lot to like, yet The Social Network lacks a strong emotional core that is integral to making a good drama truly great.
0.9 Ultimately it transcends the online world. This is an age-old story of an ambitious person who is able to accomplish much, but loses sight of what's really important.
0.6 El habil guion de Aaron Sorkin y la dinamica direccion de David Fincher logran un relato entretenido, que ofrece una vision ambigua - aunque piadosa - del creador de Facebook.
1.0 An exhilarating, absorbing, fast-moving drama detailing the ugly, angry clash of the old world with the new.
1.0 ...an incredibly solid drama that has plenty to offer both computer buffs and neophytes alike.
0.7 In his first venture over to the dark side, the central performance by Jesse Eisenberg is a revelation. It's Oscar-worthy stuff.
1.0 It gets no better than this.
0.8 David Fincher's fast-paced business drama adopts the set-up of his 1999 film Fight Club and inverts it.
1.0 It's still a little early to start making Oscar noise, but I can see "The Social Network" nabbing several come early next year, including nods for Eisenberg and Timberlake.
0.8 Despite the fun of the parties, the intrigue of the legal wranglings and the humour of the dialogue, Fincher and Sorkin never let us forget that we're complicit in their story (or at least 500 million of us are).
0.8 Business hasn't been this exciting since Gordon Gekko's first outing.
1.0 It's riveting stuff...
0.8 It's Eisenberg's performance that captivates -- icky and icy but strangely sympathetic.
1.0 Despite all of the betrayal, court cases and double crossing, let's be honest, no-one really cares about the founding of Facebook, but in the hands of David Fincher, however, The Social Network is something of a masterpiece.
0.8 El boton de "Me gusta" ha sido presionado. Muchas veces, y con fuerza.
0.8 The story of Facebook is given a dramatic twist by the combination of Sorkin's brainy script and Fincher's brawny direction. What emerges is the tale of a computer nerd who only understands relationships if they're online.
0.8 A rich, understated character drama that gleefully exposes the petty playground politics at the centre of one of the internet-era's most bitter court cases.
1.0 A rare and vital film that nails the concerns of privileged post-adolescence in the first few years of the 21st century, and, more universally, draws out eternal themes of truth, subjectivity and envy with an effortless elegance.
1.0 A timeless story of friendship and betrayal which illustrates how our appetite for more can become insatiable, regardless of the consequences.
1.0 Fincher melds The Social Network into a riveting study on the perils of power and money, flipping Zuckerberg from socially-maladjusted college student into a young man governed by obsession, greed and entitlement.
0.8 The film is almost nothing but scenes of people sitting over glowing screens, or in lawyers' offices, or in bars/diners/clubs. Yet it never seems sedentary. The jabber is intensive.
1.0 Like. Poke. Share.
1.0 Polish up the Oscar and get ready to give it to Eisenberg, an actor whom most people have never seen before.
1.0 Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a hugely enjoyable, era-defining drama that's gripping, laugh-out-loud funny and ultimately moving -- it's also one of the best films of the year.
0.9 The film is...kind of like a portrait of Now.
0.9 Tells an impressive story in an accomplished way about genius and intellect, the corrupting power of greed and pride, and about paying for poor behavior, intentional or otherwise.
0.9 The Social Network s'impose deja comme une oeuvre majeure d'une decennie qui ne fait pourtant que commencer.
1.0 You can pencil Aaron Sorkin in for the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar right now.
1.0 Facebook Founder an Enigma in The Social Network
0.9 Jesse Eisenberg's Zuckerberg is a beautiful, fully textured child of the internet age.
1.0 The Social Network is one of the movies for which 2010 will be remembered.
0.875 I'm really not making this up.
0.8 Fincher and Sorkin Have Created a Film Whose Truth is as Subject as it's Presented on Facebook Itself. A Dark, Entertaining Parable.
1.0 A sympathetic examination of how this prickly character [Zuckerberg], and his desperate need for connection, led to an invention that allows millions to connect with each other.
0.96 We have Facebook because some dude got dumped. I can believe that.
0.7 The Social Network may bore into its subject, rather than blow it up, but it has inviting style and depth. It's an adroit portrait of a revolutionary time that emboldened contact at the same time that it made it less meaningful.
1.0 Watching a movie with a snappy pace, whip-smart dialogue, and so many interesting things to say about where we are as a country right now is such a pleasure.
0.5 Manipulation is the heart of this film, both in the story being told, and by the filmmakers who molded the true story to fit their agenda.
0.875 a virtuoso modern parable about greed, innovation, and betrayal, as well as a compelling portrait of how technology is changing the landscape of both business enterprise and interpersonal relationships
0.6 Here?s a status update: Yes, controlling personalities with Napoleon complexes thrive on the Internet. Too bad this film seems to have been made by as well as about them.
0.92 The Social Network is a sweeping look at the mind, our generation and era, and our future.
0.8 A glib little morality tale dressed up in trendy togs, and it is to profundity what Facebook is to actual human interaction. But it?s undeniably appealing.
0.875 The film's real achievement stretches beyond the story. When we've all forgotten Facebook, The Social Network will remind us what it was to be part of the generation of Millenials.
1.0 Expresses that the most successful personalities are driven by a psychotic need to win.
0.8 A great director can take a great script and make a great movie out of any subject matter - such as the creation of Facebook
1.0 The scariest screen villain in a half century, since Psycho's Norman Bates, given that this inscrutable creep actually exists in real life.
1.0 Eisenberg gives a performance so captivating that I could sit through the movie again, just to watch him.
1.0 'Citizen Kane' for the impatient digital era, with that masterpiece's decades-spanning morality tale of loss, hubris, loneliness and revenge compressed into a few years, and with an ex-girlfriend named Erica instead of a sled named Rosebud...
0.6 The film played well for me while it was playing -- I wasn't bored. But it's far from the best movie I've seen this year.
0.875 Cool, fast, smart and sleek. It's also a surprisingly deep and almost painful reminder of the importance of a real social network - as opposed to, say, Facebook.
1.0 Bookmark this one on your must-see list.
0.8 I know I could tell you to 'accept' or 'like' or 'friend' this movie. Instead, I'm just going to tell you to go see it.
0.8 Fast-moving, engaging, and even exciting.
1.0 Even if you've never logged on to Facebook, you can still get caught up in the way The Social Network looks at issues of friendship, rivalry, inspiration, and the cutthroat nature of business.
0.8 A modern morality tale full of rich performances by a great young cast playing from a smart, canny script. The Social Network is one of the coolest, sharpest films of the year.
0.875 Like the screwball comedies and film noir staples of yore, The Social Network exhibits an extraordinary gift for gab.
0.85 [Network's rise and fall] relates to the classic gangster film narrative ... More directly, [the film] positions itself as a new Citizen Kane, with its protagonist reaching the heights of a communication empire.
0.875 The Social Network boasts enough great dialogue to fuel a half dozen Oscar-bait movies.
0.9 It is a great many things: a giddy comedy... a marvelous piece of top-shelf cinematic craftsmanship, a consideration of how communication works in a plugged-in world.
0.75 The movie may serve to bridge the huge Grand Canyon-like chasm between baby boomers on one side and Gen X and Y'ers on the other, stimulating meaningful discussions about values, viewpoints and ideas.
1.0 Give it a shot. Unlike Facebook itself, The Social Network has no real flaws.
0.5 a self-important, narcissistic glorification of its own significance
1.0 ... it's Eisenberg's performance that helps make Zuckerberg the most fascinating and complicated movie character since Daniel Day-Lewis' Daniel Plainview.
0.95 Fincher is back to the sort of engrossing, immersive storytelling of his best work in Zodiac.
1.0 Nonetheless, having made the occupants of the White House seem believably human in The American President and in The West Wing, Sorkin knows it's better to focus on his characters' hearts, no matter how black, than their coding fingers
0.875 There's a lot to "Like" about The Social Network.
0.8 In the end, The Social Network is not so much about Facebook as it is about the complicated and tortuous social warfare that led to its birth.
1.0 You will know The Social Network is something very special from its first scene.
1.0 The Social Network shares creative DNA with a handful of classic, zeitgeist-savvy films like Network and All the President's Men, as well as more recent fare such as The Insider and Michael Clayton.
0.875 The brilliance of Eisenberg's performance is that even when you want to slap his Zuckerberg silly you can't help but admire his creativity, his ambition and his almost religious dedication to the Internet's potential.
0.875 This is the 2010 Oscar season's first drama to live up to the hype and expectations associated with it.
0.875 It has the staccato wit of a drawing-room comedy, the fatal flaw of a tragic romance and the buzzy immediacy of a front-page headline, all powered by a kinetic engine typically found in an action flick.
0.875 David Fincher and screenwriter Aaron Sorkin have put together a well-acted, intelligent, and compelling film that merits accolades as one of the best films of 2010.
1.0 Multifaceted and Brilliant
1.0 Eisenberg gives us a speeded-up rendition of his previous performances, but it fits. There's also fine cinematography by Jeff Cronenweth and softly pulsating music by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
0.8 Fantastic performances, compelling story for teens and up.
1.0 The Social Network is more a meditation on right vs. wrong than a chronicle of the birth of Facebook and it is a more affecting film because of that.
1.0 Easily ranks as one of the best films of 2010, and David Fincher's best work this side of Fight Club and Se7en.
0.9 ...a fabulous post-modern fable.
1.0 David Fincher's smartly written, expertly told chronicling of the dawn of the Facebook era ... is just that compelling, that engrossing, that hard to resist. Kind of like a certain website I know.
1.0 The best movie ever made about e-commerce, as well as the Internet itself.
0.8 A tale of a social outcast turning the tables, or, if you can't join 'em, beat 'em. This is a valuable, flinty work of reflective zeitgeist, holding up a myriad of mirrors to our own wildly self-promotional selves.
1.0 Every aspect of the film, from Fincher's beautiful direction to Reznor's emotionally devastating score to each and every performance is absolutely stunning.
0.875 Forget the guy who invented the Pet Rock or Jump to Conclusions Mat; Facebook is now the stick that every American dream is measured against. And "The Social Network" is surprisingly the stick that movies need to measure up to in 2010.
0.9 Somehow the results come together like the perfect status update.
1.0 Sorkin has stripped down the Facebook experience and presents the overlying and often unspoken commitment to its usage. How do others view us?
1.0 If you want to see an enthralling movie about business in the 21st century, forget about that stinker Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
0.875 Everyone in The Social Network is smart. Everyone in The Social Network is sarcastic. And that is big fun to watch.
1.0 What looks on paper like a static series of dead-end conversations comes to life as a vital, engaging, even urgent parable for our age.
1.0 The best aspect of the movie is just how delightfully trashy it is. There are more "oh no he di-in't" moments than in an episode of Jersey Shore.
1.0 The Social Network" is sharp, incisive, insightful and witty. It also touches upon our need -- some may say our addiction -- for human contact, even if it is through a computer.
0.549 Lackluster, pedestrian, emotionally hollow and underwhelming despite exquisite cinematography and a timely, initially intriguing premise.
1.0 The Social Network sets out to show you the genesis of a modern Rockefeller, Carnegie or Vanderbilt. In the 21st century, information is the new oil, the new steel. What hasn't changed is the mentality of the tycoon.
0.875 All of these misshapen odds and ends click together for one of the year's most satisfying films so far.
0.75 Aiming for greatness and not quite making it, The Social Network will have to settle for solidly consistent. Most major studio releases should be so lucky.
0.8 Densely written and expertly directed with performances that rank among the year's best...
0.75 Even with his constantly affectless expression, Eisenberg gives Zuckerberg just enough vulnerability to make you not entirely hate him.
1.0 The writing is strong, and the drama -- the drama of betrayal -- is ever present.
0.9 Relies mainly on great dialogue and strong performances from its young cast to propel a story so riveting that it transcends the film's ugly reputation as The Facebook Movie.
1.0 Thanks to David Fincher's straightforward direction, Aaron Sorkin's Oscar-level script and a half-dozen sharp performances, this is one of the best movies of the year.
1.0 It's Fight Club without Marla.
1.0 Weeks after seeing it, moments from it will haunt you.
1.0 Fincher gives the story the vitality and clear, coherent tension of a thriller.
0.875 It's a smart bomb of a film that illustrates how technology and innovation influence human behavior.
0.875 One of the many remarkable things about David Fincher's movie The Social Network is the constant realization, as you watch, that this movie should by all rights have been exceedingly dull.
1.0 It's astonishing that a movie mostly set in front of computer screens and in deposition rooms, a movie where the end is already known, has the hold of a suspense film.
1.0 The Social Network is terrific entertainment - an unlikely thriller that makes business ethics, class distinctions and intellectual-property arguments sexy
0.875 In some ways Fincher, who has portrayed serial killers both fictional ('Seven') and real ('Zodiac'), has never presented a character as remorselessly vicious as the implacable cyberpunk.
1.0 Fincher has made quite a few terrific films, from Se7en to the underrated Zodiac. But this time he's outdone himself. The Social Network is riveting from start to finish, and a master class in directing.
1.0 With spectacular performances, technical elements that are beyond criticism, and the best directorial work of Fincher's remarkable career, The Social Network is one of the best films of 2010.
1.0 Watching The Social Network, the real Zuckerberg may feel as if someone has hacked into his Facebook account and changed his profile picture.
0.8 History as we know it is still unfurling, and The Social Network is that rare film that has something -- not yet definitive, but certainly provocative -- to say about it.
0.9 The Social Network sees Fincher more ambitious in his narrative choices than ever before, his visual and thematic ideas seemingly multiplying uncontrollably within each frame.
0.875 Has a rhythm, or a pulse. ... You almost interact with the production as you would a stage play, as if the players can feed off your energy (and vice versa).
0.9 Possibly the film of the year. Much more than just a facebook movie.
1.0 It's the classic American tale of success, power and greed, but one that's updated for the online generation -- like There Will Be Blood on apps.
0.8 In its quiet way it's every bit as fascinating as Fincher's more self-consciously meaningful films.
1.0 It may be the year's best movie.
0.75 The movie zips along at a quick pace, with caffeinated dialogue. Still, things get dull in the third act during the inevitable crash.
1.0 Brilliantly directed by David Fincher, this provocative film probes the impetus for invention, the changing face of social interaction and the limits of friendship -- the old-fashioned kind and the version linking 500 million Facebook users.
1.0 David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive.
1.0 Despite the ceaseless yammering, The Social Network delivers the heady, rib-tickling rush of an action picture, and it gradually builds to an emotional wallop that blindsides you.
1.0 The film swaggers with a bravado born of insecurity...
0.9 Smartly written by Aaron Sorkin, directed to within an inch of its life by David Fincher and anchored by a perfectly pitched performance by Jesse Eisenberg, The Social Network is a barn-burner of a tale that unfolds at a splendid clip.
1.0 So good it can make thrilling even the sight of people typing at computer keyboards.
1.0 With The Social Network, director David Fincher has come up with a movie that, in telling the turbulent story of whiz-kid Mark Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook, isn't just compelling. It's great.
1.0 On the level of craft, the movie's just absurdly enjoyable.
1.0 I had more fun watching "The Social Network" than I do snooping Facebook. Post a comment, tag your friends, like this post but get out and see this film!
1.0 An altogether mesmerizing tale, filled with unexpected dark humor, that plucks a lot of resonant strings about the Digital Age.
0.75 The Social Network combines a multitude of impressions and conflicting first-person accounts in a trajectory that is refreshingly coherent.
0.75 Because it tackles a big topic and has been made by an important director, critics have been working overtime to position it as some sort of defining film. It's not.
0.875 Through deft shooting and a brilliant orchestration of flashforwards and flashbacks, [Fincher and Sorkin] turn these potentially deadly scenes of legal sparring into a zesty narrative framework.
1.0 Addictively entertaining ... tremendously captures a detached-yet-connected Internet age in which people often remain friends online long after the real relationship has dissolved.
0.8 It zips along, told mostly in flashback, and communicates the pure exhilaration of this momentous social gear-change with aplomb.
1.0 A riveting cinematic triumph that can be fairly described as the Citizen Kane of the 21st Century.
0.8 We're talking the internet here, so The Social Network, an analysis of events that took place all of seven years ago, is an ancient history lesson. But it's an illuminating, thoroughly engrossing one. Thrilling, too.
0.875 An unlikely marriage of directorial and writerly sensibilities has produced one of the most stimulating films of the year.
0.9 The real surprise is that it's also great fun, beginning with a screenplay that represents [Aaron] Sorkin at his very best -- zippy, brainy, amusing, incisive.
1.0 An astonishing morality tale about the shadow side of creativity, the loneliness of pioneers, and the ways in which anger can fuel ambition and power in a world ruled by technology.
0.95 Fincher and his screenwriter, TV writer-god Aaron Sorkin, have made a seemingly modest picture that achieves something close to greatness the old-fashioned, slow-burning way: By telling a story with faces, dialogue and body language of all types.
1.0 A portrait of the generational hero no one asked for, the world he changed by accident, and all the things his invention will never change no matter how hard we try.
1.0 The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade.
1.0 The Social Network is one of those movies that cares more about whether something "feels" real than whether it is.
1.0 Do movies ever attempt to analyze the entire weave of life? Now they do.
0.875 Fincher segments and layers his material at a pace befitting the meteoric ascendancy of Facebook itself, and without the grandstanding that's sometimes marked his work.
0.9 Mr. Fincher and Mr. Sorkin offer up a creation story for the digital age and something of a morality tale, one driven by desire, marked by triumph, tainted by betrayal and inspired by the new gospel: the geek shall inherit the earth.
1.0 This fascinating, astute 'Rashomon'-like tale is tantalizing, provocative and enthralling, never quite delineating the truth.
0.95 A brilliantly layered film ... another home run for Fincher and about as close to perfection one can hope for with such a complex tale.
1.0 As socially significant to this generation as films like Network, All The President's Men and The Graduate were in their own time.
0.5 full review in Greek
0.5 This is an affair to forget.
0.75 Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it's worth.
0.625 Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches.
0.5 There are a few quality moments, but this fairy tale is far from enchanting.
0.5 Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill.
0.625 Attal doesn't illuminate Vincent's motives for straying, and unwisely suggests Vincent's philandering and Gabrielle's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent.
0.75 In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord, Yvan Attal's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife.
0.875 Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say, 'I do,' marriage is all child's play: jealousy, lies and pure, unconditional love. Perplexing, but not a bad option.
0.5 There's nothing much wrong with the film; my complaint is that there's nothing much right about it.
0.75 The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland, mistranslated title. But the filmmaking? Very exciting.
0.75 Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood, using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions.
0.875 Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close.
0.75 This is a fetching piece of work, both comical and savvy, and Gainsborough's brisk, forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity.
0.875 A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward.
0.5 The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she's been given to play.
0.6 Like the story, the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose, fluid and intent on discovery; it lets characters' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure.
0.625 None of these men, unfortunately, is a very compelling character.
0.5 Attal's characters are one-note position statements, which forces the unsubtle soundtrack...to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings.
0.625 There's little you haven't seen in any number of French flicks, but then, most of them didn't have Gainsbourg.
0.875 This is terrific filmmaking.
0.5 Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker's previous My Wife Is An Actress.
0.6 A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends.
0.55 Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle [Charlotte Gainsbourg] are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men.
0.6 Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters.
0.5 The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances.
0.8 The film is cocktail of comedy and heist with a large shot of social realism.
0.8 Slipping back and forth between drama and comedy, The Angels' Share initially seems shaggy and unstructured, but that's part of its appeal.
0.6 Mingling the peaty scent of Scottish street life with a distilled take on unemployed, at-risk youth, director Ken Loach serves up a surprisingly upbeat cocktail thanks to a subplot involving rare whisky.
0.625 Despite its ultimate sense of optimism, the Glasgow-set dramedy nevertheless carries a sense of foreboding. And yet, that might not have been the intention.
0.87 ...a low key and rather marvelous, sweet-natured heist movie
0.875 As unlikely a fable of redemption as any that Hollywood might deliver, elevated by Loach's insistence on naturalism.
0.6 A surprisingly warm and heartfelt film about a flawed criminal struggling to start a new life after the birth of his first child.
0.5 The result is a sometimes gritty, occasionally charming Highland hybrid, but the final balance feels slightly off-kilter.
0.75 Loach takes us through the mysteries of whisky making, exploring the subtle tastes and scents in ways that will have audiences wishing they had a dram at hand. But a glass also serves more symbolic purposes ...
0.75 If you want to look for it, you'll find a layer of metaphor (the distilling process as a symbol of the characters' evolution) and social-realist commentary amid the gentle, life-affirming laughs.
0.75 Drink it up!
0.4 The title, by the way, refers to the distillation process: the 2% of whisky that evaporates in the barrel is known as "the angel's share." I'm afraid there's more than 2% evaporation going on in Loach's latest.
0.6 Much like a stiff drink at the end of a long day, "The Angels' Share" gets the job done, but you're probably not going to remember it in the morning.
0.6 Loach's realism lends an easygoing, ramshackle quality to the film that smoothes over any lack of tightness.
0.6 Director Ken Loach's latest glimpse of the U.K. underclass is really two rather different movies, either of which I would've enjoyed on their own. But they don't really fit together in any satisfying or even logical way.
0.75 A fairy tale with its feet firmly on the ground.
0.75 Whether Robbie pulls off his caper should be left for the audience to discover. But Loach's great cinematic switcheroo goes off almost without a hitch.
0.5 While it has some likable characters, particularly its charismatic lead, it's impossible to shake the feeling that we've seen this movie before.
0.875 A lark, but it's a serious-minded lark, addressing issues of class and culture, the haves and have-nots.
0.75 Charming enough to satisfy even the trenchant-commentary crowd.
0.8 The usual Loachian elements are all in place, but there is a gentle spirit at work here as well, and not just the alcoholic spirits around which the plot revolves.
0.82 The Angels' Share is a stellar bit of activist cinema with a light touch.
0.875 The plot thickens, but the mood grows lighter.
0.875 Unexpectedly, and blithely, amusing.
0.7 Sweet-natured and high-spirited, it's a fanciful fable with a wee dash of magical realism.
0.8 Although the English director Ken Loach has been making socially conscious movies for close to 50 years, this shaggy comedy unfolds like the work of a young man on a lark.
0.75 Like the spirit it celebrates, "The Angel's Share" is a neat little jolt of pleasure - and guaranteed to leave you feeling just a mite warmer.
0.875 While a few farcical moments fizzle, it's mostly charming.
0.7 "The Angels' Share" leaves a warm glow.
0.7 With The Angels' Share, Ken Loach expertly combines a handful of genres which congeal into an often funny, always charming affair that serves as a salute to whisky to boot.
0.6 Watching it is like receiving a hard slap in the face from someone who expects you to laugh it off, even though the sting lingers.
0.8 While there's no ignoring the social ills that haunt Robbie's hopes, the movie's optimism serves as a cheeky, and surprisingly inspiring, retort.
0.3 Just how is one supposed to react, in 2013, to a non-ironic use of the Proclaimers' "(I'm Gonna Be) 500 Miles" in a musical montage?
0.6 Loach coaxes an endearingly poised performance out of nonprofessional Brannigan, and largely sells these scuffling characters as neither hopeless nor heroic-just terribly human.
0.8 Loach's best film since The Wind That Shakes the Barley.
0.5 Ken Loach's breezy scribble about lowlife redemption and drunken buffoonery isn't so much heavy-handed as it is charmingly weightless.
0.875 Loach's realism always carries a distinct sense of humor, volatility and, most alarmingly in this hypercapitalist new century, a socialist passion for The People.
0.6 This is as close to a feel-good film as [director] Ken Loach gets, yet he never loses sight or touch with the reality he is so brilliant at capturing on camera.
0.8 The Angels' Share is the charming story of four Scottish criminals who find redemption - if not exactly rehabilitation - through alcohol. It may not seem like the typical logline for a heart-warmer; it seems about right for a Ken Loach flick.
0.8 Loach brings a warm-hearted poignancy to this feel-good tale of the more disadvantaged in society who, miraculously, find redemption.
0.9 I loved this. I walked out of this film just really filled with delight. Ken Loach is such a socially conscious filmmaker.
0.8 The film has a rough and ready look, but the charm of its battler characters shines through and there's plenty to relish here, even though the plot gets more and more improbable the further it proceeds.
0.6 [Loach's] latest collaboration with screenwriter Paul Laverty proves the pair can pull off a genre entertainment with aplomb when in the mood.
0.6 Finds room for some well-earned warm fuzzies.
0.8 If I had to make a comparison, I'd say it is an unlikely pairing of Green Street Hooligans and Sideways.
0.8 The redemptive path is paved with laughter and charm, mixes mirth with tears beautifully
0.8 It has a spellbinding heft of charm, carrying itself just like a fine whiskey - warm, a little sweet, and unequivocally a joy to return to time and time again.
0.8 The feel-good comedy of the summer. Who knew?
0.6 Brannigan is an engaging lead and Henshaw offers light relief, but director Ken Loach, famous for his social realism, and regular writer Paul Laverty struggle to find a balance between the film's comic and serious elements.
0.8 A wee heart-warming dram of Scots spirit ... a rich fermentation of the best of British comedy filmmaking with a greater social agenda.
0.8 It is an uplifting tale of redemption with a hint of politics, which is not overstated.
0.8 Nowhere in the movie is reality short-changed for story effect.
0.6 Another likeable but uneven comedy in the vein of Looking For Eric, [Loach's] 2009 film starring Eric Cantona.
0.4 The time is ripe for a great Ken Loach film. If only Ken Loach was up for making one.
0.8 Newcomer Brannigan is a real find, though his dramatic weight is splendidly countered by the scene-stealing Maitland who provides one of the film's two unforgettable, can't-believe-he-did-that moments.
0.6 The scenes where The Angels' Share unexpectedly becomes a surprisingly-tense and innovative heist movie are much more fun than the averagely tiresome bank robbery drama.
0.8 Ken Loach goes full-on feel-good with this enjoyable, rough-edged and well acted comedy drama that's by turns moving, suspenseful and laugh-out-loud funny.
0.6 Like good whisky, Loach is mellowing and becoming subtler with age - though a swift chug still has a bit of a kick.
0.7 Oddly structured like a whisky tasting, this film cycles through moods from the first taste to the full flavour to the final kick.
0.8 The Angels' Share is Loach at his most playful and invigorating.
0.4 Something's gone wrong when a would-be cheerful comedy leaves you feeling as if a condescending finger has been wagged in your face.
0.8 Like a subtly blended malt, this mixes light and dark to create one of Loach's most life-affirming tales. Funny, frank and it won't give you a splitting hangover.
0.8 This is British comedy at its warmest and most pleasurable; cask strength, unfiltered and neat.
0.8 A realistic and revealing portrait of a lonely young man selling Christmas trees on a street corner.
0.75 Charles Poekel displays an assured directorial hand and maintains a modest, appealing, even droll sensibility throughout.
0.38 'What makes Honeybee so bad is its inability to get past the cliches and say something interesting.'
0.75 Part detective story, part coming of political age saga, and all teenage identity crisis.
0.625 At every step, Cautiva is a noble, thoughtful effort. Too bad it's so often a dull one.
0.4 If Biraben had devoted more energy to the human contours of his story, its metaphorical implications would have sorted themselves out.
0.625 The Argentine thriller Cautiva features a solid performance by 23-year-old Barbara Lombardo that goes a long way in making up for the telenovela script.
0.75 The debut feature of Gaston Biraben, Cautiva is most potent in its first hour, as it bears witness to the disorientation and distrust experienced by a young girl whose life is suddenly turned upside down.
0.5 Another mediocre Argentinean film to ride into town on a wave of inexplicable critical approval.
0.4 Sporadically artful yet stupefyingly dull -- there are some segments that are so beautiful and monotonous that they very nearly hypnotise us...into a coma.
0.7 A finely wrought coming-of-age drama that crackles with political tension...
0.75 Cautiva makes us question the things we take for granted.
0.7 This powerful film in the New Directors/New Films Series about a girl's alienation is also an attempt to grapple with the horrors of Argentina's recent history.
0.7 These elements come together to form a movie that is clinically ironic but also unique, inspired, and quite sublime.
1.0 This minimalist, digital-video-shot film has its own cinematic flash and thunder, and does things only movies can do.
0.25 After about an hour, the novelty wears off, and you're aching to see an actual animal and real shrubs. After two hours, you feel disappointed when you realize that this wouldn't even make a good play. After three hours, it's downright infuriating.
1.0 Bold stylistic decisions reinforce the themes of the narrative, while a strong story and convincing performances prove equal to the task of carrying such an extended running time.
0.8 'Rich with meaning or a sublime prank, Dogville gets to you.'
0.875 [Von Trier] portrays intense evil to make us wonder at the resilience and generosity of Grace, that 'alabaster' saint who exemplifies her name ... to a point.
0.3 never manages to be more than a belabored shaggy dog story
0.75 aesthetically sparse and thematically audacious, the searing work of a genuine provocateur
0.9 A masterpiece.
0.5 Fails to meet the expectations of its own conceit.
1.0 It's the best stage play you've ever attended, and you feel as if you're right in the middle of it.
0.4 Fascinating for a while but, in the end, just sleep-inducing.
0.5 Says everything it wants to say early on, but then repeats it all endlessly.
0.5 Von Trier aims to hold a mirror up to America's mistreatment of its own people -- but he ends up revealing more about his own abhorrence for the people watching his movies.
0.75 You get the feeling that von Trier, up on his soapbox, couldn't find it in his heart to make some necessary cuts. He should have thrown his ego to the dogs.
1.0 It's a tough sit through tough questions.
0.8 ...an experience that's both grueling and, in its way, glorious.
0.625 Lars von Trier is probably a genius. This doesn't stop him from being a jerk.
0.75 This examination of selfishness, xenophobia and the human ability to rationalize acts of horror may have audience members squirming not with outrage but recognition...
0.625 Exasperating and nearly three-hour blend of stagecraft and sermonizing.
0.6 You can loathe Dogville because it represents the basest ideas of human greed and cruelty, but you can't deny that it makes those ideas feel frighteningly real.
0.875 Dogville is irrevocably a movie of our times.
1.0 Singular and unforgettable -- the work of a brilliant crackpot.
0.75 Kidman, in a performance as emotionally stark as any she's ever given, makes Grace's journey achingly real, even though everything around her is deliberately artificial.
1.0 The daring, artistic brilliance of Dogville far outshines any negative interpretation we may have of the work. It's to be praised for inspiring varying interpretations and generating debate.
1.0 You don't so much enjoy watching it as you simply appreciate the genius that went into its creation.
0.6 Von Trier's vision is amazingly thorough and exquisitely executed, but the audience may feel executed as well.
0.9 A beautifully written, filmed and acted movie.
0.25 Dogville is most depressing because Trier promises two more, for his American trilogy. Lars, enough already.
0.5 A punishing film to sit through, and its rewards may well depend on how much credit you wish to give von Trier for doing something different. Because, for better or worse, Dogville is unlike anything else you'll see on screens this year.
1.0 Nearly as powerful as Von Trier's Dancer in the Dark.
0.875 Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker.
0.75 von Trier sustains his film through nearly three hours with consummate artistry, before suddenly going one step too far with his controversial closing credits.
0.75 Has more emotional distance than Breaking the Waves or Dancer in the Dark
0.875 Sarcastic humor, inventive staging and a brutal story combine to give Dogville the force of a bonfire, incendiary and beautiful.
1.0 Dogville is a love-it-or- hate-it experience, but one that will fill a large space in any viewer's imagination.
0.875 Sure it's anti-American but it's also anti-Hollywood and that makes Dogville edgy, thought-provoking, and daringly original.
0.6 A novel curiosity by a pretentious talent creating symbolic characters that defy credibility, but Kidman's range of collaborative flexibility is a thing of beauty.
0.875 Unapologetically cynical, miraculously imaginative, and sumptuously beautiful, Dogville is a thought-provoking time at the movies.
0.875 Dogville is another round of brazen disrespect from cinema's baddest boy. But the movie, despite its ultimate nuttiness, has a quiet, consuming power that sneaks up on you and doesn't go away.
0.5 Philosophy and politics aside, von Trier has forgotten to make a movie worth watching, create a single sympathetic character or write dialogue that isn't prattle.
1.0 This is a seriously important film and a huge achievement.
0.5 Dogville can be defended and even praised on pure ideological grounds, but most moviegoers, even those who are sophisticated and have open minds, are going to find it a very dry and unsatisfactory slog through conceits masquerading as ideas.
0.875 Imagine if Jesus Christ came to die for our sins only to discover we weren't worth the trouble.
0.75 A tenacious, brutal drama that dares you to turn your back.
0.5 Life is too short for three hours of misanthropy and misogyny.
0.75 Though certainly a failure in some respects, Dogville may be the most fascinating, richly accomplished screw-up you'll see all year.
0.7 As the core character, Kidman delivers a restraint performance, undercutting the script's didacticism and literal mindedness.
0.75 Dogville isn't for everyone, but there's some intellectually stimulating conversation fodder for those with the patience to navigate the film's rough terrain.
0.4 Pretentious, conceited, and terribly longwinded, Lars von Trier's Dogville is unappealing and horribly depressing.
0.8 Brutally masterful allegory.
0.4 I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it.
0.0 ... an experimental film that went as badly as one of my high school chemistry labs.
1.0 Who but von Trier could make such a film? Who else would dare?
0.7 Chapter 10, in which we realize we just sat watching a movie for 3 hours that's a little pretentious but didn't really mind - that says something.
1.0 It stalks silently, stark with its minimalism at first, and then pounces unexpectedly with an overwhelming wash of emotion like a rabid animal, with sharp piercing teeth.
1.0 Shocks, galvanizes, and exhilarates.
0.5 A satanic "Our Town."
0.7 This brilliantly acted film is a highly stylized, surprisingly successful experiment that sits somewhere between theater and cinema.
0.875 A stunning display of a filmmaker adventuring on the far side of what's possible.
0.75 Brilliant and infuriating, wise and naive, outrageous yet unforgettable.
0.2 The story's length, lack of sets, music, or a focused story combine to make one of the most excruciatingly dull cinematic experiences I can remember.
1.0 What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind.
1.0 A simple tale, told so well while being so revealing. There are many reasons why it shouldn't work, but because it does, it feels magical.
0.75 Darkly funny, intellectually challenging and obliquely didactic.
1.0 Challenging, dramatic, provocative.
0.875 Von Trier, light years from the formula doggerel at the multiplex, delivers something rare these days: a film of ideas.
0.6 While you watch the movie, it can seem ridiculously long-winded. But once it's over, its characters' miserable faces remain etched in your memory, and its cynical message lingers.
1.0 An audaciously original feat of allegorical story.telling, one of those visionary achievements that stirs moviegoers into a fury and goes on to define a decade.
1.0 Movie pop art is enjoying a renaissance, of which Lars von Trier's savagely cathartic Dogville is the consummate centerpiece
0.5 Lars von Trier's peculiar compulsion to humiliate his heroines has finally crescendoed to a deafening din of indiscriminate, exasperating martyrdom.
0.25 Running a painfully long three hours, Dogville is pretentious with a capital 'P.'
0.4 ...engages us on [a] gut level, and asks us to shut off our minds in the meanwhile.
1.0 It really is a masterpiece-von Trier's first, as it happens.
0.3 Don't waste your money on this one.
0.94 As deeply insightful as it is deeply disturbing, Dogville will challenge you both intellectually and emotionally. The first great film of '04.
0.8 Daunting, non-naturalistic and bold.
0.875 Utterly engrossing.
0.8 with von Trier holding the leash this moral fable of bordertown corruption and biblical vengeance manages to grip the viewer with its ferocious bite.
1.0 Maddening, challenging and audacious, Dogville is an unlikely masterpiece.
0.8 For all the ideas being examined, it works as a compelling drama too, and the acting is excellent.
1.0 Nao deixe de assistir a esta obra-prima. Nao e sempre que o Cinema produz algo assim.
1.0 Uncompromising filmmaking that's both artistic and powerfully entertaining.
1.0 Without a doubt one of the most brilliant films I have had the chance to experience.
0.92 A brilliant tale of intellectual awakening.
1.0 Make of the provocation what you will, but don't miss this completely unique and extraordinary movie by one of the world's most adventurous directors on top of his game.
0.9 An innovatively staged parable about a fear-based American community in the 1930s who demonstrate greed, hatred and small-mindedness in their treatment of a stranger.
0.6 Going from a story as fanciful as Dancer in the Dark to the stripped setting of Dogville is certainly bold, it's too bad the reward is so anti-climactic
0.7 Savage and compelling, even if von Trier's political ends (this being the first in a proposed trilogy about America) are too murky and caustic for the film to seem fully realized.
0.5 ...[an] overlong running time (three hours!) and inexplicably odd behavior among characters does the film in.
0.75 Dogville is not a cry of rage against America -- it's a cry of rage against all mankind. It demands to be seen but not to be loved.
1.0 This acerbic "illustration" of a small town's curious notions of entitlement unspools as a Christian allegory by way of Mark Twain or Dr. Seuss.
0.9 It's precisely [this] arrogance that makes von Trier such a dynamic force in modern filmmaking.
0.0 Here's a 'Christian movie' that's an embarrassment to a genre that doesn't exactly have a reputation for producing great art.
0.5 The first half of The Visitation moves slowly and surely, building an appropriate level of edgy suspense before disintegrating into standard horror-flick cliches.
0.5 You could rent it for the religion, the kooky cast, or for the B-movie fun of it.
0.6 This ensemble film brings in enough elements from comedy to drama that it becomes a moving, enjoyable treat highlighted by surprising performances.
0.375 Despite the blazing guns, this script is not so tough.
0.75 A gritty, inner-city saga of Shakespearean proportions shot on location in West Philadelphia. Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art though Romeo? I be hanging with my homeys, mama!
1.0 Reopens our eyes to the cruelties and soul assassinations that were carried out daily in the name of state socialism.
0.875 The scope is especially impressive given that the movie is about a society obsessively focused on the tiniest of details.
1.0 Activism proves tough on people who've thrived at their political patrons' blessings, and one character cruelly chooses a path of least resistance when the chips are down. A cataclysmic conclusion depicts political clamps on expression and emotion.
0.9 A truly unforgettable movie.
0.9 Not since Francis Ford Coppola's masterful The Conversation has there been a thriller quite like this.
1.0 The Lives of Others is a powerful but quiet film, constructed of hidden thoughts and secret desires.
0.8 Actually one of the most optimistic stories I've watched in a long while.
1.0 a mesmerizing, heartbreaking thriller
0.8 Una notable mirada a la vida bajo un regimen opresivo, en este caso la RDA de 1984. Sorprendente debut del director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, con excelente elenco y calidad narrativa.
0.8 Few films have dared paint East Germany and its legions of demons in such honest and unsparing detail. Von Donnersmarck puts a pickaxe into the past.
0.75 Reels us in and keeps us engaged.
0.8 This fierce and gloomy drama, written and directed by first-timer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, was a notable winner of this year's best foreign film Oscar.
1.0 ... a moving, enlightening tale of recent times.
1.0 Engaging, gripping and emotionally devastating thriller with a razor-sharp script, taut direction and terrific performances from its three leads. This is one of the best films of the year.
0.8 ... you just cannot help but watch...
1.0 ... when a filmmaker confronts you and makes you truly understand the lives of his characters, that insight takes your breath away.
1.0 ... von Donnersmarck creates a milieu so realistic that the attention-worthy setting becomes just a backdrop, while an intricate tale, as suspenseful as it is humanistic, takes over.
0.93 ...resolved through a couple of endings, one brutal and tragic enough for the old Greeks, the other graceful and uplifting ...
0.8 Good drama it is, and it's drama that raises a lot of questions, but I found it less tense than many.
1.0 Subtle and delightful - please see review.
1.0 Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's film is a melodrama in a minor key, quietly affecting, quietly chilling, quietly quiet. It captures the drab architecture of totalitarianism, the soul-dead buildings of a soul-dead state.
0.875 Will remind some of 'The Conversation,' but a closer if less obvious link is 'Fahrenheit 451': Wiesler is essentially Bradbury's conflicted 'fireman,' Montag, transported from a dystopian science-fiction future to a dystopian historical past.
0.875 Pan's Labyrinth deserved to win the Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar, of course, but the Academy's selection of The Lives of Others hardly qualifies as an outrage.
0.8 Like all great screen performances, Muhe's magic comes out most in its tiniest moments: a raised eyebrow here, a slight upturn of the lips there. It's a triumph of muted grandeur; it's like watching someone being born.
1.0 Offers potent, eye-opening drama, as well as poignant characters that are caught up in a repressive, evil system. It's a movie not to be missed.
1.0 von Donnersmarck makes a breathtaking debut with a gripping and fluid drama that works as political thriller, psychological study and even ... a touching love story.
0.75 Builds tension and develops its characters slowly, and it is surprisingly engrossing.
0.875 Makes you fall for its characters, then turns your stomach as they confront principles and try to maintain moral clarity, confronting Berlin Walls of their own psyches.
0.625 Though likely cathartic for his countrymen, Donnersmarck's airing of German dirty laundry could have used more agitation.
0.875 A cautionary metaphor about the cost of maintaining one's humanity and the transformative powers of art and imagination.
0.875 Its suspense builds on the fragile and nuanced business of emotional rebirth.
0.75 Few would deny that The Lives of Others is true to its self, and in its depiction of human nature -- and human spirit.
0.875 Watch it, and you may get the feeling it's also watching you.
0.8 ...let's hear it for the Academy: They got this one right.
0.75 Von Donnersmarck's story is not without a blatant non-Communist calling card, or even a moment or two of melodrama. But he zeroes in on the value of the individual in an era where such a value was not supposed to exist.
1.0 The most unforgettable, electrifying German film in more than a decade.
1.0 Of the many things that happen in this surprising, sad and astonishing movie, none is more staggering than Wiesler's evolution from lowly bureaucratic beetle to humanist.
0.875 It is Ulrich Muhe's portrayal of Wiesler that makes the film such an impressively humane political thriller. The muted shifts in Wiesler's character suggest that when you truly engage the lives of others, you open yourself to profound change.
0.8 Just from an entertainment standpoint, wondering what decisions the characters will make, and what the consequences might be, makes for edge-of-your-seat tension despite the movie's quietly thoughtful tone.
1.0 An intricately plotted thriller about good people who do bad things and bad people who do good, Lives thrives on the power of historical truth, the excitement of an intelligently imagined yarn and the unpredictability of human behavior.
1.0 The movie becomes more than just a spy thriller; it's a story of an unlikely friendship that turns an enemy into a best friend.
0.9 Helmer/screenwriter Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, making his feature film debut, hits all the right notes here.
1.0 What you're likely to take away from his Oscar-nominated drama in the foreign-language category is a sense of hope that feels neither forced nor sentimental.
1.0 Far and away the richest and most brilliantly acted picture to be released this Oscar season.
1.0 This is an elegant film that deserves to be a classic -- and an Oscar winner.
0.875 A movie of slowly accumulating tension and power, Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's drama -- a foreign language Oscar nominee, with a good shot at winning -- is also a romance between two men, but not the way you think.
1.0 Somber and watchful, like the people whose story it tells, The Lives of Others brilliantly abrades our perception of the 1980s as a time when the only history worth remembering was being made by Wham! and Duran Duran.
1.0 The exceptionally acted film, nominated for a foreign-language Oscar, is an incisive character study, a suspenseful paranoid thriller and a vivid recreation of recent history.
0.875 The Lives of Others works beautifully, both as a social and psychological drama and as a taut, tightly wired thriller.
1.0 A scathing indictment of East Germany's corrupt administration tempered by the very human emotion of the people it touched.
0.75 Scary and realistic ... a much deserved Oscar nominee.
1.0 If this doesn't get the Foreign film Oscar, there's no justice in this World.
0.5 Catnip to audiences who never heard of The Lost Honor of Katharina Blum.
1.0 A disturbingly accurate depiction of a national nightmare that ultimately transcends its immediate political statement to stand as a future classic of the political-thriller genre.
0.625 Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's movie about the stirring of a cold, Communist soul manages to be both painstakingly docudramatic and moistly idealistic at the same time.
0.875 Bleak yet never completely despairing, this superbly acted and richly atmospheric film has a gravitas and thematic complexity that's sadly absent from most contemporary American films.
1.0 Despite its melancholy drama, cynical details and depressing backgrounds, The Lives of Others is both an unflinching look back at that nation's past, and a hopeful glance forward to its future.
0.875 The skillfully acted and directed The Lives of Others is a timely warning about governments that seek to repress dissent.
0.875 A riveting drama about playwright Georg Dreyman (Sebastian Koch), his actress girlfriend Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck) and the Stasi agent who has wired their apartment and is spying on them in East Berlin.
0.8 It is an emotionally powerful movie that doesn't leave you when you walk out the theatre doors.
0.875 Donnersmarck delivers something extraordinary: a thriller that's entirely adult in both its concerns and perspective which manages to be thoroughly gripping.
0.75 Human nature trumps all in [this] thoughtful, engrossing tale of intrigue and instinct in 1980s East Germany.
0.75 If the story of a stodgy but conflicted Stasi captain gives sympathy to a historical devil, it also allows for an intriguing angle on the evergreen cinematic theme of voyeurism.
1.0 The Lives of Others is a supremely intelligent, unfailingly honest look at a shadowy period in recent German history.
0.6 A refreshing alternative to the whimsical and nostalgic look back on Communist life in Good Bye Lenin!
1.0 The first great movie of 2007 and one of the best political dramas to come along in recent memory. Does that sound a tad hyperbolic? I don't care--I'll say whatever it takes to get you into the theater.
0.5 ...ultimately undone by the glacial pace with which the filmmaker has infused the proceedings.
1.0 Avoids predictability and cheap shots in favor of a bracing drama that surprises and occasionally shatters. The Lives of Others reminds us of what filmmaking can be at its finest.
0.625 Rich in authentic period atmosphere and performances, but sabotages its best efforts with a sentimental payoff.
1.0 A riveting German film about spying and the fear, distrust, and betrayal that come with it.
0.8 Brings the large and small betrayals of the doomed republic to paranoia-inducing life.
0.8 A neatly crafted thriller with first rate acting, directing and writing combined with spy paraphernalia and political intrigue. Fully deserving of its status as Germany's Best Foreign Film Oscar nominee.
0.85 This fascinating look into the effects of the Stasi on the East German arts community sets Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck apart as another German filmmaker to watch.
0.875 Whether or not this is the best foreign language film of 2006 is debatable, but there should be no argument that it is deserving to be numbered among the elite non-English language productions receiving international distribution.
0.875 A gripping tale of nightmarish voyeurism and the psychological abyss that elevates von Donnersmarck's European nail-biter. [A] sleek and intrusive communist caper.
0.8 Un film sur le courage et la determination en temps de crise comme on aimerait en voir plus souvent.
0.8 Not only expertly captures a specific point in history, but also offers a bracing examination of human nature.
0.75 The Lives of Others conjures up a truly memorable, patient and very moving payoff.
0.875 Von Donnersmarck has crafted the best kind of movie: one you can't get out of your head.
1.0 In short, it's perfect.
1.0 Atraves dos personagens ambiguos, de um roteiro muito bem construido (e politicamente relevante) e da direcao sobria e segura do cineasta estreante, o filme comove, incomoda e faz pensar.
0.6 It's so beautifully made, that people tend to oversee it's weak character transformation that's at the heart of the script, which strikes the drama's credibility.
1.0 A startling political thriller and the year's most urgent and important film, you owe it to yourself to see this beautifully written and directed movie.
0.875 It's one of the great moviegoing experiences of the year.
0.75 It has a heart you believe in and a working brain to match.
0.9 A potent narrative about the transformative effect of involvement in other people's stories, Lives turns its own story into a python-tight embrace of nuanced tension and emotional connection.
1.0 A fascinating look into the political and psychological underpinnings of communist control in the former German Democratic Republic.
0.8 Perfect plotting, sterling story structure and ideal casting by writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck. Where has this guy been?
0.875 Subtle script, superb cast, sensitive direction -- no wonder this film swept the German equivalent of the Oscars.
0.7 Miracles surpass all human power to understand them; that's why we call them miracles.
0.69 Not without its qualities, the movie ultimately does a disservice to the very people it purports to represent.
0.4 A film dealing with the Holocaust really should be a little less clumsily executed, manipulative and contrived than this.
0.625 Built upon a powerful but gimmicky end, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas would make a fine short. As a full-length feature, though, the pajamas wear thin quickly.
1.0 The result isn't a deep film, but rather a profound one.
0.7 We are left in no doubt about the brutality of what's going on there but it's almost entirely off-screen. Still, the film is terribly confronting.
0.666666666667 This writer can't remember witnessing a harder-hitting kids' movie denouement than the one that closes this microcosm of middle-class German family life in WWII.
0.8 For me, the pluses far outweighed any misgivings I had with this ultimately very moving film.
0.875 The performances never falter, and even James Horner's heavy-handed score can't dim the film's unfathomable, unshakable ending.
0.7 The novel was written for young adults and the film feels like it pulls its punches. The final horrifying revelation is still a long way from the painful realities of those days.
0.77 When the time comes for resolution, writer/ director Mark Herman suddenly delivers the unexpected; he does not sell out.
0.25 Why do the all the Nazis here have British accents? How confusing is that? An unintentionally-comical cross of Hogan's Heroes and Springtime for Hitler!
0.8 Constroi um desfecho mergulhado em dor e terror, lembrando-nos de que, no final das contas, sao nossos filhos quem pagam - e caro %u2013 pelos erros de julgamento que cometemos.
0.6 Herman has the unenviable task of presenting a challenging and delicate topic like the Holocaust honestly, while at the same time delivering his tale in a kid-friendly way.
0.7 A movie so horrific it haunts your dreams but so fascinating you can't turn your eyes away from it.
0.75 The Boy In The Striped Pajamas reminds us that when youthful minds are still being shaped, they can be poisoned by the evil of the adults they admire.
0.375 Making a parable out of the Holocaust is a dicey proposition, and here the emotional tugs are so forced that it exploits and trivializes the historical tragedy it claims to be trying to illuminate.
0.75 Even in its lighter moments, the picture never downplays the horror of the situation, and the devastating ending is potent enough to affect even those viewers who write it off as nothing more than a sensationalist stunt.
0.7 Poignant and devastatingly sad - but over-the-top manipulative.
1.0 [What] might easily have been turned into a terrible and tasteless Boy's Adventure in the Holocaust movie... is, instead, a film that you won't soon forget.
0.25 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas fails to illuminate history. Instead, it raises questions about the project itself. As in, who thought this was a good idea?
0.75 The resulting film nicely captures the banality of evil -- at least until overplaying its hand.
0.6 Those problems won't concern anyone caught up, perhaps for the first time, in a story that has the potential to rend any hearts that remain open to it.
0.5 I found the movie impossibly basic and sanitized as a 'never again' parable of the Final Solution -- and simply wrongheaded as a story about children.
0.5 The tropes of the heartwarming indie kids movie get thrown together with the tropes of the low-voltage, war-at-home war drama, and the result is muddled but undeniably affecting
0.625 Perhaps the movie might be most profitably viewed as almost a genre tale: A suspense thriller with a moral to its twist ending, like that old Nazi 'Twilight Zone' episode, but without the supernatural element.
0.5 A beautifully photographed film that hammers home its point (people are essentially good, Nazis are evil) repeatedly and simplistically.
0.88 ... a serious and well-made film that does the only moral thing a movie can do when it attempts to confront great evil - it nips off a human-size chunk and doesn't flinch when the horror turns and bares its bloody, brazen maw.
0.6 Either you will appreciate The Boy in the Striped Pajamas particular tact, or you will cringe on what it decides to exploit. Like the subject it secures as part of its plotting, there is no middle ground.
0.625 Writer-director Mark Herman, working from the novel by John Boyne, has created a smart-looking film, but one in which the only thing we learn about the Holocaust is that children were its victims, too.
0.75 This is an assured work, and [director Herman] gets fine performances from his cast.
1.0 The tale takes on the resonance of a Greek myth, and even though the story is fiction it finds devastating truths.
0.9 This story is already a tear-jerker, but the superb acting makes it even more heartfelt
0.5 Unfortunately, the film's compelling ideas get buried in sloppy filmmaking.
0.875 Young Scanlon and Butterfield are scathingly effective, never overplaying their roles.
0.625 Tries so hard to achieve ironic detachment from its subject matter that it's unlikely to connect with anyone moved by Life Is Beautiful.
0.75 This is a heartbreaking, disturbing look at the Holocaust through the innocent eyes of a young boy.
0.75 Because its gaze is so level and so unyielding, it stands as one of the better dramatic films made on this subject (although it's not nearly as fine as Louis Malle's Au Revoir les Enfants, in which the camps remain a distant abstraction).
0.8 Although it's told from the perspective of a child, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is as shattering as any film about the Holocaust could be, perhaps more so.
0.2 Contemptible awards-bait... The Holocaust deserves far more than this prim Masterpiece Theater treatment.
0.6 Didn't these people see photos in the papers so that they could tell the difference between nighttime garb and the uniform of death?
0.41 the Hollywood melodrama is grating enough that it may be worth skipping altogether.
0.8 Holocaust drama sensitive, but never sentimental.
0.75 Not quite on par with Life is Beautiful or Schindler's List but it's still a powerful film, and a more than worthy addition to the genre due to its unique perspective.
0.8 An unforgettable motion picture experience. Powerful and moving beyond words.
0.625 That these boys could not fathom what was actually going on in the camps also rings true and is the reason why stories like this one must endure.
0.5 This very unsubtle movie's heart is in the right place; its art, unfortunately, isn't.
0.75 Farmiga's emotional clarity and intensity have an almost cleansing quality -- so pristine, plain and right. This role takes her abilities and her career to a new level.
0.5 When it comes to the Holocaust, contrivance is neither welcome nor necessary.
0.875 Director Herman rarely pulls us out of Bruno's naive view of the world, which adds a layer of unsettling ominousness.
0.8 Translating this dark fable to the screen, Herman for the most part maintains the book's oversimplification of historical events, but he nonetheless crafts an affecting drama that refuses to soft-pedal its harrowing conclusion.
0.8 It's the opposite of a good time out at the theatre, but it is a well-made film that is difficult to forget.
0.625 It tosses over all that finely drawn narrative caution and goes straight for the sensational, swinging its attention on Bruno's distraught mother and the breakdown of a single German family.
0.75 The child in the striped pajamas is yours and mine and every child at any time.
0.4 What strikes me as entirely bogus is the notion, expressed in the movie's taglines, that this narrative can be interpreted as hopeful or positive.
0.7 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas may contain the most horrific and unsettling ending in film history but that is what makes the movie so darn good.
0.3 See the Holocaust trivialized, glossed over, kitsched up, commercially exploited and hijacked for a tragedy about a Nazi family. Better yet and in all sincerity: don't.
0.6 Sophisticated and involving, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas offers a fuller picture of the period [than the book] and a stunner of a conclusion.
0.7 I only wish they would have played more games back and forth through and over the fence, because every time they did, it got a little misty in the room.
0.4 The faux-naive point of view probably worked better in the novel; the literalness of film renders certain of the story's conceits ... overly precious.
0.625 It prompts us to admit, however sadly, that childlike innocence is not sufficient in a world like ours%u2014that we need to be wise as serpents even as we remain innocent as doves.
0.5 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas could have been brilliant, and instead leaves one feeling unclean, angry, and distastefully toyed with.
0.75 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has a storybook innocence about it, by design.
0.875 [Director Mark Herman] draws excellent performances from his two young actors, who embody an almost magical sense of childhood that deepens, rather than conflicts with, the stark historical realities in which they are living.
0.6 Writer-director Mark Herman's adaptation of John Boyne's young-adult novel might register to some viewers as offensively tasteful.
0.3 The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas may seek to provoke uneasy questions about humanity, but it goes about it in a way that places the film's own moral accountability on very shaky ground.
0.7 a devastating experience for both the characters and the audience.
0.875 This beautifully rendered family film is told in a classic and old-fashioned style, in the best sense, providing poignant and powerful teachable moments.
0.5 Use[s] children stumbling into shamelessly manipulative tragedies to make its thuddingly obvious points.
0.75 The premise doesn't excuse lapses in logic, but the power of the story and the performances is indisputable.
0.875 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is not only about Germany during the war, although the story it tells is heartbreaking in more than one way. It is about a value system that survives like a virus.
0.625 The Boy in the Striped Pajamas should be heartbreaking, but it isn't. The muted quality of its impact is the result of narrative shortcuts and a desire to keep the images from being too startling.
0.5 At once too historically removed from its subject and too hysterically committed.
0.4 A parabolic film about the Holocaust that doesn't engage or edify.
0.6 The film's 12A certificate is prohibitive for younger children - though with parental guidance kids as young as 10 might well get something from it - and yet the manner... is simply too simplistic for an older audience.
0.8 This intriguing wartime tale has an otherworldly quality that draws us into a gentle and increasingly haunting story
0.8 In short, The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is an impressively directed and acted drama that packs a powerful emotional punch. Recommended.
0.4 Only in the last 10 minutes does it get to grips with the full horror of the Holocaust, and that saves it from a Disneyish propensity not to shock us too much or impose a feelgood ending.
0.6 Writer-director Mark Herman has done a creditable job of negotiating its volatile compound of fable and realism.
0.8 As a Butterfield's lack of emotional range restricts his portrayal of Bruno but any shortcomings are forgotten when the heart-in-mouth ending left The Sneak rooted to his seat in stunned silence.
0.6 Ignore the plummy accents - which isn't easy - and what we have is a touching tale of a forbidden friendship with a really nice performance from the young Butterfield.
0.6 Despite the 12A certificate, I would regard this as most suitable for intelligent children aged ten to 12, who will be more prepared than adults to ignore its major implausibility - that security at concentration camps was ever this inefficient.
0.8 There are plausibility issues - no German accents; no guards noticing the kids' frequent chats - but Herman builds a tightening sense of dread that finds no release in the final, tragic twist. Expect a sleepless night.
0.8 It's a noble, sincere undertaking that will see many leave the cinema with fresh insights. You can't really ask for much more than that.
0.8 The acting is heartfelt, but the film carries a heaped cargo of conceits that has it wavering between the stark and the sentimental, the nuanced and the schematic.
0.8 Despite moments of improbable whimsy, this is a hugely affecting film. Important, too. It engages with the complexity of the Holocaust in a language that can move children as profoundly as adults.
0.6 A brave and haunting family film that will lift the brutality of the Holocaust out of the history books.
0.666666666667 Ultimately, though, it's the kids' movie; both Butterfield and Scanlon deliver strong, poignant performances. Just prepare to leave the screening feeling somewhat depressed.
0.8 A powerfully affecting and unusual view of the Holocaust.
0.6 The harrowing final reel of the film earns its 12A rating
1.0 Mortensen is meticulous and mesmerising, as a man who simply keeps going when all logic seems to be deserting his experience.
0.8 Entrancing, inventively shot and played with a wonderful sense of bizarro metaphysics
0.625 If you applauded the genre-tweaking twists of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry" and Kelly Reichardt's "Meek's Cutoff," you may have a good time (or at least an interesting one) at acclaimed Argentine director Lisandro Alonso's latest puzzler, "Jauja."
0.6 In abstract Western in which the harsh but claustrophobic beauty of the landscape is intensified by the confines of Academy ratio framing ...
0.8 All in all, a quietly magical piece of cinema, a mind-bender of the subtlest kind.
0.8 Mortensen has just the right class of vacant charisma for such a gouged-out protagonist and Timo Salminen's photography bathes every image in surprising lights.
0.6 It is undoubtedly beautiful, brooding and enigmatic, with Mortensen's grizzled presence holding the attention, but quite what it all means leaves you scratching your head in puzzlement.
0.6 When Inge elopes with a soldier, Dinesen searches across the unforgiving but beautifully shot landscape, in a sort of western that turns into a surreal exploration of his existential angst, then segues to his descendants in the present day.
0.8 A quest saga whose metaphysical digressions and dream interludes will fascinate and frustrate in equal measure.
0.6 Intriguing, if opaque.
1.0 Miraculous. Blithely does its own thing, but with staggering assurance and artistry.
0.8 'Jauja' is a film to make you wonder.
0.6 Though admiring the filmmaker's innovation and inclination for minimalism, the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film's detriment.
0.8 Challengingly spellbinding.
0.8 Jauja may not be for everyone, but those who give it a chance will find a complex, beautiful film.
0.875 Mysteriously opaque and thrillingly spooky, Lisandro Alonso's Jauja evokes what many films aspire to yet rarely achieve: a genuine lucid state of cinema-as-dream.
0.86 In his latest feature, the breathtaking Jauja, Argentinian director Lisandro Alonso demonstrates that he is the rare filmmaker who trusts his audience enough to winnow his films down to the bone.
0.875 The performances mesh beautifully with the filmmaking, which is more keenly attuned to fluctuations in the natural world that all but a handful of modern motion pictures.
0.8 Where 'Jauja' winds up is bizarre, even for an Argentine art-Western, but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength, a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual, hypnotic pace but also its playful tone.
0.7 At its most powerful, Jauja suggests the surreal Western violence of Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian in the way Alonso gradually folds the action into a waking nightmare.
0.625 It's a movie designed for maximum intellectual appeal, even if the emotional impact is slight.
0.4 There's a line between artfully contemplative and just plain boring. This film eventually crosses it into Snoozeville.
0.8 A ponderously paced but artistically sure journey; it's a film that finds strength in the universality of its ideas and its spiritual dimension, one that's enlivened by instantly iconic imagery and a keen sense of the strange.
0.875 Revisionist westerns are usually dour affairs, foregrounding guilt over the imperial legacy of runaway expansionism, but Jauja is refreshingly absurdist, consistently including shots for seemingly no reason other than to be dry punchlines.
0.4 Strange, disjointed; full of sex and violence.
0.875 It's pensive male anxiety, and for some cultural reason it's easier for audiences to accept female hysteria than the insecurities of men.
0.8 Mesmerizing yet cold and remote -- an exotic fish we can't touch.
0.8 Ambicioso do ponto de vista narrativo e fotografado de forma sombriamente evocativa, o filme merece creditos por acreditar na inteligencia do espectador, mas acaba parecendo um exercicio para o superior Cidade dos Sonhos.
0.875 Director David Lynch, the master of creepiness, is back with a femme fatale film that's sinister, disquieting and deliberately obscure.
0.2 Too weird, even for David Lynch
1.0 The Man With No Eyebrows will go down in my books as the single greatest fictitious creation of all time.
0.6 Best on the big screen for the full effect. Consume alcohol afterwards.
0.625 Visually arresting, the movie does keep you going until the finale confirms suspicions that Lynch has painted himself into a corner.
0.5 Lynch's bizarre, dream-like approach is as fascinating as ever... and every bit as frustrating as well.
1.0 Love it or hate it, such a feat of highly demented cinematic imagination simply must be seen.
0.7 The Katakuris may not be your typical innkeepers, but the family that sings together and buries dead bodies together, stays together...this is hilarious, macabre, and entertaining.
0.5 It's shot and acted in a way that's hastily, amateurishly theatrical, through digital photography that tries to look beautiful but just plain can't.
0.75 It's weirdly -- and often wonderfully -- entertaining.
0.4 It's freakishly interesting and even outright hilarious at times, but, then again, so are most funerals.
0.625 By the second hour, Miike's story fails to punctuate its powerful setup, and the work, much like the family itself, ends up a tangled mess.
0.25 There are so many moments in Happiness of the Katakuris that beg us to walk out on the movie, it's hard to pick just one.
0.5 A kind of strange, existentialist comedy.
0.75 It's a ball when it works, which is why fans of Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark, Francois Ozon's 8 Women, and other darkly inspired, genre-bending musical fusions must introduce themselves to the Katakuris.
0.75 Miike is also counting on the fact that even if you've seen his other films, they won't help you one whit.
0.5 Hardcore Miike fans may want to catch this uncharacteristically upbeat curiosity; however, everyone will be much happier without the Katakuris.
0.4 None of this is nearly as hilarious as surely it was meant to be.
0.6 In this genre-bending celebration of family values, Miike delivers an imaginative and deliciously delirious mixture of jet black humor and schlock horror.
0.875 Katakuris doesn't disappoint, except in that it provides pretty much exactly what one would expect from a Miike musical.
0.7 Anyone with a weakness for song-and-dance dementia on the level of Forbidden Zone and Cannibal! The Musical will find all this irresistible.
0.75 Though uneven, this genre-defying creation's spectacle is still never less than awesome to behold.
0.5 Basically a one joke film, it goes on too long and boredom sets in.
0.7 It is enormously entertaining, and it marks a refreshing change of pace for the versatile Miike.
0.2 A sour camp musical that trots out most of the standard signifiers of 'outrageousness.'
0.65 Aggressively uneven and frequently humdrum, it also reaches cheerfully ludicrous heights to which few films even aspire.
0.625 Anyone who lasts the distance will be treated to some truly absurd sequences.
1.0 I swear, you'd think the Katakuris were Fraggles. Any kind of situation is prime reason for these people to burst out into a full-blown musical number...
0.7 Shannon seems like quite an unorthodox choice for such a subdued, minimalistic character, but White actually wrote the part for her and she does him proud.
0.5 Director Mike White is really good at creating an uneasy feeling in a normal setting. But the question remains, do you want him to?
0.8 SNL alum shines as grieving, lonely animal lover.
0.4 poly syntoma hanei to stoho toy kai to neronei me synaisthimatikizoyses katastaseis kai pepatimenes koinonikes eyaisthisies, arhizontas toys kykloys gyro ap' ta idia kai ta idia, alla toylahiston ehei merika haritomena kadrarismata kai tin Molly Shannon m
0.8 What may catch audiences unawares is how unexpectedly life-affirming this little film about pet death is.
0.6 The trailer suggests a cheery comedy but brace yourself for some darkness in this shaggy dog story.
0.8 This is a lovely little film about discovering your inner self, the passion that drives you, and then coming out with it.
0.6 Year of the Dog isn't quite the comedy it's been marketed as, but there's still a lot to chew on here, notably Molly Shannon's performance as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
0.4 Loses its way, as if uncertain how to point out its moral and make us laugh at the same time.
0.4 Oddball comedy about a lonely, dog-loving secretary, Peggy (played, with unsettling intensity, by Molly Shannon).
0.4 A bit of a dog's brunch.
0.8 As you would expect from a writer like Mike White, Year Of The Dog is a smartly scripted, darkly funny work. But from Molly Shannon's performance to White's own ability as a director of actors, there are plenty of pleasant surprises here.
1.0 John Cusack gives the performance of his life in this top-class horror.
0.4 White also appears to have lost his grip, taking wild stabs at comedy and tragedy and ending up with something that's fractured and fluffy, and definitely not as cute as it thinks it is.
0.8 The writer-director's real talent is in showing that we're all freaks and geeks in one way or another. It's just that some of us are better at hiding it than others...
0.5 Though the film falters in terms of its lack of a streamlined narrative, there is no denying that it is packed to the rafters with meaty ideas and characters who are charged with a satisfying moral ambivalence.
0.7 A risible piece of work with laughs that are likely to remain silent and inside, but they reach you.
0.8 With this film Mike White once again proves that he's got an eye for darkness and an ear for character that truly puts what passes for comedy in most films these days to shame.
0.75 frequently funny and sometimes touching, even though, like (Mike White's) earlier 'The Good Girl' and 'Chuck and Buck,' the comedy leaves a slightly sour aftertaste.
0.4 This is one of the most confounding films I've ever seen.
0.6 The characters in Year of the Dog are far more interesting than the events they take part in. And the setup is better than the payoff.
0.5 White, who shows promise as a director willing to steer us in unexpected directions, holds the comic moments on a pretty tight leash.
0.7 A semi-satirical, sentimental comedy - for dog lovers, it could be a best-in-show.
0.875 If you really listen to Mike White's quirky but ultimately realistic view on life as its dealt out, you'll really enjoy this stellar effort from the burgeoning filmmaking talent.
0.8 Mike White has had the courage to redirect his abundant quirkiness away from benign nerdiness and toward a quiet subversiveness.
0.6 Writer-director Mike White goes for a more restrained approach with some laughs, but also an offbeat character study.
0.625 The best part of the film is Shannon, who shows surprising range here.
0.625 Shannon is fearless in depicting Peggy's emotional breakdown, but White can't seem to decide whether he's laughing at her or with her.
0.75 Finally, in "Year of the Dog" Shannon has found a project that amply plunges her persona for laughs and sighs.
0.4 If you took everything I dislike about indie filmmaking, packed it all into one tube, and gave it a good squeeze, something like Year of the Dog would shoot out.
0.875 (Shannon) shelves her wacky, semi-intoxicated persona to bare her soul for the benefit of a vulnerable and tender comedy.
0.25 Clearly out of the ordinary. Then again, elephantiasis of the testicles is also out of the ordinary, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone, either.
0.8 writer/director Mike White must know someone like this because he nails the characteristics of animal champions perfectly
0.75 Peggy's journey of alienation from her friends and co-workers reminds me of Julianne Moore's in Todd Haynes' masterpiece, 'Safe'; 'Dog' is a less mysterious film, but it similarly demands active rather than passive viewership.
0.5 Sometimes you pan a deadpan comedy because it's effectively dead.
0.75 Dark, quirky and unusually thoughtful.
0.625 White's humanist account of a woman more comfortable with animals than people is another intricately crosshatched sketch in his gallery of outsiders.
0.75 White's flat visual style and haiku-droll sensibility are like a form of cubicle art that manages to express more about the occupant than a thousand words ever could.
0.375 There are those who believe empathy is the quality that separates man from beast, but what does it say that White directs his compassion exclusively toward animals?
0.75 Is Year of the Dog a comedy? A tragedy? A celebration? A cautionary tale? Actually, it's all of the above.
0.875 Much is said in little moments: The entire cast offers jots of humor and insight, from Reilly and Sarsgaard to Laura Dern as a spiny sister-in-law and Regina King as Layla, a vehemently supportive friend.
0.75 Year of the Dog has been perfectly cast, and Shannon is a small revelation; shorn of the antic energy she has invested in her sketch characters and, given an actual character to play, she accomplishes something welcome and unexpected.
0.625 Is it possible for a movie to anthromorphize humans?
0.8 Mike White knows awkward.
0.375 You could see the film as the making of Crazy Dog Lady or as the story of a bereaved woman finding her true passion in life. Personally, I lean toward the former.
0.875 True harmless joy is so rare in this world that we dare not begrudge it to anyone, wherever it happens to lie.
0.75 The mood [White] creates, the subject matter he tackles, shows a rainbow coalition of dysfunction. And that makes Year of the Dog good, if strangely uncomfortable, viewing.
0.6 It's a movie in mourning, a dark comedy where we never quite see the light at the end of the tunnel.
0.5 The bittersweet Dog is a film that whimpers rather than barks.
0.4 By the time Year of the Dog decides it has something to say, you'll already be bored by the 45 minutes of ineffectual torpor that precedes it.
0.625 Sure, the film seems formulaic, plays out at times in a clunky fashion as one storyline stops abruptly and another picks up. But by the end, it will have you rooting for this sad woman, that she can find the happiness that eludes her.
0.625 An intriguing (if decidedly uneven) debut effort.
0.75 A gentle, melancholy and silly movie about a loner whose only secure source of affection is her beagle.
0.625 There's a lot of truth and beauty in Year of the Dog, and most of it radiates from the performance of Molly Shannon.
0.75 If you have a taste for off-center characters, you're barking up the right tree.
0.75 It's enjoyable in a dry but fervent way that most American comedies aren't.
0.6 A charming film that is neither saccharin nor sanctimonious as it treads the well-worn romantic comedy genre, not so much dismantling it as rearranging it just enough to make it interesting -- and perhaps just a little scary.
0.8 A highly impressive work in which White and Shannon have joined forces to give us a darkly funny and strangely emotional meditation on grief and the extremes that people sometimes go to in order to deal with a sudden tragedy.
0.625 [Writer-director White] is perceptive and gentle enough a director to allow Peggy to become a dog person of tragic proportions without laughing at her. He's a humorist with a humane core.
0.75 Year of the Dog succeeds in drawing you in, making you look at the world from her perspective. By the end of the movie, you will recognize what kind of a person she is -- and you'll understand how she came to be that way.
0.625 In the end, [writer-director] White settles for some unearned and unpersuasive optimism, which, in Hollywood scriptwriting, serves as shorthand for poignancy.
0.4 Shannon's journey into darkness seems to have no real purpose other than turning into a depressing spectacle.
0.875 Year of the Dog is one of those quirky little movies that you marvel ever got made while being supremely grateful that it did. It's hard to even categorize.
0.75 [Writer-director Mike White] always had a knack for writing character-revealing moments; this time he demonstrates a talent for handling actors as well.
0.75 Neither extreme of the animal rights debate can take comfort from this take-no-prisoners comedy. Frequently disturbing but always compelling, Year of the Dog barks for attention from the right kind of audience.
0.5 undercooked script and flat direction ... but, if you feel you need a lecture on animal activism and the importance of a vegan lifestyle, it does do it in a quasi-comedic fashion.
0.75 Thrives on bone-dry humor.
0.875 ...infuses one of society's standard wallflowers, the single dog-lady, with uncommon dignity. She's weird, but wonderfully so.
0.75 A sweet flick for anyone who sees dogs as furry people with bad breath and big hearts.
0.5 Peggy is an admirable woman, get that, and not to pitied. Or is she? I wasn't and still am not sure
0.36 "Year of the Dog" is ugly, boring and unfunny. The characters are badly drawn, poorly acted (and this with a killer cast, too). And the "it's hard to be a fanatic, but it's worth it" message is telegraphed in a particularly unappealing way
0.666666666667 Poignant but not sappy and darkly funny without being farcical.
0.75 A bittersweet dark comedy about a lonely middle-aged woman who finds that animals are the only beings she can truly rely on.
0.875 White has an outsider's sympathy for Peggy's loss and instinctively understands how the selfishness of people can drive a sensitive person to the company of animals.
0.75 The filmmaker carefully avoids over-sentimentalizing the emotionally charged story, mostly striking a nice balance of pathos and humor.
0.5 There's nothing wrong with ambiguity, but Year of the Dog seems more like a film that had a point of view, in some early draft, and then lost it in rewrites.
0.75 A very low-key, well-acted dramedy.
0.75 While some may be put off by Peggy's wild-eyed mania, and the film's broadly comic tone, Shannon makes this lost spirit strikingly sympathetic.
0.75 In Shannon, [White] has an actress capable of making you empathize with Peggy and agonize over her smart and foolish choices.
1.0 Year of the Dog is funny ha-ha but firmly in touch with its downer side, which means it's also funny in a kind of existential way.
0.75 Molly Shannon tones down her live-wire antics to play her first "normal" person%u2026or, to be more accurate, White's version of a "normal" person.
0.7 A sweet, heartfelt film, Year of the Dog is a nice alternative to some of the other fare out there, perfect for a fun date night flick or a girls' night out.
0.4 A quiet, disappointing character study. The film is a little too smug and quirky for its own good.
0.4 If you've ever wondered where organizations like PETA, Al Queda, and The 700 Club find members then here's the answer.
0.4 has good intentions and a golden heart, but that doesn't take you that far
0.9 White is a clever writer, and many of his best lines will sneak up on you long after you leave the theater. There's a stealthy sweetness to the movie, a desire to understand those who go their own way, that would seem to be his ultimate aim.
0.75 [An] eccentric, affecting comedy.
0.75 A charming slice-of-life...Molly Shannon gives a multifaceted Oscar-caliber performance of insight and subtlety.
1.0 A touching comedy about a lonely young woman who follows her bliss and finds all she needs in the companionship of animals.
0.625 Minor but moving, it's a story about, and for, outsiders...and PETA members as well.
0.8 It's a testament to writer/director Mike White's talents that Peggy's miseries are shown as humorously tragic, but also simply, plainly painful.
0.65 The supporting cast of Mike White's directorial debut offer plenty of laughs, but it always comes down to Molly Shannon being the movie's weak link.
0.375 The only thing that could make The Cutting Edge more absurd would be if the final competition revolved around a potentially deadly, possibly illegal move called the Pamchenko Twist. Wait, it does? Never mind. [Blu-ray]
0.6 Guilty-pleasure '90s romance you can skate to.
0.75 Grafts one screen formula on top of another--but that doesn't mean the film isn't a blast to watch.
1.0 One of the tops on our Movie Chick guilty pleasure list
0.8 A rare film where the actors' charisma overcomes leaden direction. D.B. Sweeney and Moira Kelly are wonderful.
0.8 It occasionally suffers from longeurs, but it's moving and funny with moments of genius. More of the same, s'il vous plait.
0.8 Astonishing, outlandish, and full of laughs.
1.0 If there's any justice in the world, French animator Sylvain Chomet will be handed the Animated Feature Oscar in February for this fantastic little film.
1.0 There are high-powered opiates that don't pack the psychedelic kick of this cartoon.
0.8 La historia se cuenta en imagenes y sonidos, y ese es un primer gran merito a tener en cuenta en una epoca en que los personajes del cine suelen hablar demasiado.
0.8 Chomet made this movie to remind us how imaginative animation can be as an art form.
0.1 The big test was how few times I could look at my watch to determine how much more agony I had to endure.
0.75 'El estilo y la atmosfera en que se desarrolla son de una calidad e inteligencia que pocas veces podemos apreciar de este lado del Atlantico.'
0.625 A beautiful but dull affair.
0.6 The Triplets of Belleville is an animated feature with two out-of-the-ordinary superheroes: a zealous old lady and a very fat dog.
1.0 Un beau, wildy amusement et un film original ! See this immediately- read on->
0.6 The Simpsons meet William Steig
1.0 Triplets could be described as Max Fleischer on acid.
0.9 Its strange vacillation between the hopeful and the arbitrarily cold is still a mystery to me... It's not a great film, but then again, it is.
0.87 Words cannot replicate the world that Chomet has designed here; description is pointless, as Belleville simply must be experienced firsthand.
0.875 Chomet's charming, visually cluttered realm...is so imaginative and vividly realized you could freeze any frame and spend an hour picking through its details.
1.0 an almost impossibly delectable mixture of uncanny weirdness and poignant sweetness
1.0 An extraordinary, melancholy ode to the endless, mercurial peculiarity of life.
1.0 One of his greatest achievements is allowing the audience to crawl inside Bruno's head. Not since "Babe" has a movie made me care so much for a four-legged character.
0.8 You may love it, you may hate it, but you've never seen anything like it.
0.7 Let the movie wash over you, and, at the very least, it will cleanse your palate.
0.875 Viva le difference!
1.0 A fresh, very funny and wonderful artful enterprise.
1.0 Thanks to Chomet, 'beautifully strange' has a new home address, and it's in Belleville.
0.75 A stylish throwback, a pretty work of art in every frame.
0.6 It's a must-see for animation fans, but others, including youngsters, may just as likely be bored or baffled.
0.8 If Walt Disney had gone on a binge of red wine, hallucinatory drugs and absurdist plays, The Triplets of Belleville could have sprouted from his animation empire.
0.9 The Triplets of Belleville proves there's still plenty of life in hand-drawn animation.
0.7 An ephemerally entertaining comic adventure.
1.0 As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again.
0.75 Everything about the film, from the characters to the settings, is tres bizarre, yet it's all weirdly compelling.
0.875 If you have an open mind, and an appreciation of film animation, you will surely enjoy the film's clever gags, as well as the sensational blending of cel animation and computer-enhanced backgrounds and action.
1.0 A comfortably subversive and accomplished film that speaks to everyone, without talking down to anyone.
1.0 It is funny in spurts, frightening, moving, magical, exhilarating, horrific, smart and silly. It is all this and more.
1.0 Triplets of Belleville conjures up a world that's totally surprising and sublime.
1.0 A triumph of style and substance, dispensing equal parts unbridled glee and powerful melancholy.
0.875 A hugely entertaining alternative to Disney and Pixar
0.875 It would appear that the best 'toon flicks are presently being produced outside the USA.
1.0 Se precisei assistir a esta animacao 3 vezes somente para escrever sobre ela, nem imagino quantas vezes voltarei a ve-la apenas pelo prazer de visitar a criacao de Chomet.
1.0 A mad masterpiece.
0.9 An animated film that takes familiar Disney archetypes and twists them into vivid, imaginative shapes.
0.875 Triplets is very probably unlike anything you've seen before.
1.0 "Dazzlingly inventive and delightful and probably unlike any cartoon -- or movie -- you've ever seen..."
0.8 Right down to faux black-and-white film stock and scratchy gramophones, Triplets resurrects Flesicher's world of music, debauchery, inspired illogic and crude showbiz parody.
0.8 A sensational counterpoint to everything animation means as family entertainment in Hollywood.
0.5 ...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through.
0.875 In an era when live-action movies often play like cartoons, this is an animated film that feels all grown up.
0.75 Watching The Triplets of Belleville is like getting lost in a storybook you never want to put down.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, it's either visionary or weird.
0.87 As funny, original, and entertaining as the film is, a dark drama floats just beneath the surface that is heightened by its nostalgic, sometimes melancholic tone.
0.875 A charming, one-of-a-kind experience, a breathtakingly drawn and uproariously funny film by French animator Sylvain Chomet. It's one of the most delightful films of the year.
0.6 This is a film that speaks a universal language of funny images and unexpected surprises.
0.9 So bizarre, satirical and imaginative that it almost defies description.
0.5 doesn't have much to offer outside of its technical achievements, which is both amazing and a shame, considering Chomet's fertile imagination.
1.0 All you really need to enjoy "Triplets" is a taste for the weird and the wonderful.
0.75 Built on slow, repetitive actions that quietly amuse us but don't necessarily raise our adrenaline. Still, for visual grandeur and artistic imagination, it's a sheer joy.
1.0 ...delightful, inventive, accessible, hilarious, and tremendously executed.
0.75 A strange and wonderful tale that relies on and indulges in the luxuries of hand-drawn animation
0.75 Impossible to describe, impossible to forget.
0.875 An animated feature of appalling originality and scary charm.
0.875 A strange delight, an original vision that enhances the state of contemporary animation.
0.875 Dazzling in the simplest of ways putting Sylvain Chomet at the animation's adult table that still has plenty of room for the kids.
0.8 Like a silent film that just happens to be drawn instead of made with real people - it's absolutely mesmerizing to look at this animation.
0.875 Oooh la la and a certain je ne sais quoi permeate every frame of this imaginative French gem that leaves ordinary animated projects in the dust.
0.9 Feels like a cross between '60's Disney cartoon movies and Yellow Submarine. No, even that description is too simplistic.
0.8 Chomet has made a refreshing film set apart by its humour, unique cultural flavour and quality animation.
0.875 The city of Belleville is like some nocturnal amalgam of Paris and New York, on the edge of a vast sea and of the world itself.
0.5 A dialog-free, animated film for adults that would have made a great short film, but, without speech or much of a story, it is seventy-five minutes too long.
0.75 Kept me smiling for 80 minutes, and that&#8217;s worth something, right?
0.8 International story of bicycling, rescue, singing, the passage of time and the nature of evil is a fantastic use of animation for grown-up storytelling.
1.0 Every so often, a film comes along that is so original, imaginative, and just plain flat-out wonderful that you can do little but marvel at the filmmaker's artistry.
1.0 An utter delight.
1.0 An insanely delicious animated feature.
0.875 A wildly imaginative and wholly original creation.
0.6 It should appeal to adventurous types looking for a more challenging animated feature.
1.0 A tour de force of ink-washed, crosshatched mischief and unlikely sublimity.
1.0 A truly out-there piece of comic animation, the most outlandishly visual film of the year, this 80-minute French treat takes us into a world that can barely be described, a world unlike any we've seen before.
0.75 For someone with an adventurous cinematic appetite, a production that makes Miyazaki appear mainstream is surely worth a look.
1.0 A sophisticated, wholly original brand of animated storytelling that manages to be at once deliriously eccentric and deliciously sinister.
1.0 It's downright daft at times. But it's ingeniously crafted, marvelously drawn, and utterly unpredictable.
0.3 Perhaps the worst animated feature film I've ever seen.
0.9 [An] effortlessly charming cry of defiance against America, wrapped up in a touching and ticklishly funny, yet bitter-sweet tale that dances across the screen.
0.875 Comic, touching and a visual knockout.
0.8 A bizarre yet beautifully composed piece of nutty whimsy.
0.8 Visual ingenuity, wry humour, and French self-parody add up to a strange and touching experience.
0.75 Grotesque yet trippy.
0.8 Belleville Rendez-Vous is an engaging, original Europudding cartoon, animated in the classical style, without the sugar of Disney, entertaining from start to finish.
0.8 It may clock in at a crisp 80 minutes, yet a single viewing can barely do justice to this richly detailed and often playfully macabre adventure.
1.0 Forges an all new narrative and visual style that's so winning it lingers in the mind long after the credits roll.
0.2 The almost total absence of anything that actually looks like a narrative is one of Left Behind's issues, but it's not, honestly, one of the biggest.
0.6 Mix of apocalyptic book series and the Bible.
0.4 These folks get eternity in heaven, while I'm stuck here watching the Left Behind trilogy. I'm calling my rabbi.
0.4 Atuacoes ridiculas em um filme absurdo.
0.0 Whoa.
0.0 The loosely scripted story is further burdened with clunky dialogue and performances, shoddy continuity, and, well, Kirk Cameron.
0.2 We're asked to buy Kirk Cameron as a hardcore journalist covering an international crisis in the Middle East?
0.125 The only thing "Left Behind" made me want to do was pray that it would soon be over.
0.5 Neither as bad you might fear nor as good as you might hope.
0.6 This picture's b-movie values probably play better on video than in theaters.
0.25 An exceedingly poorly made motion picture.
0.3 For all its intimations of fire and brimstone, the film isn't remotely frightening, and the high-school-level acting doesn't help.
0.66 Solid, unexceptional mix of thrills and human drama.
0.1 Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction.
0.6 The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity.
0.4 The biggest problem I had with this film was the set-up and premise. It works on paper, but most of the movie is spent with the characters being simply awful.
0.4 Battle of the sexes romcom with mature content.
0.625 A modest but bubbly comedy of manners. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...despite reservations about the goofy plot and the cocky characters, the movie proceeds pleasantly enough.
0.72 Has just enough substance beneath the surface throw the romantic comedy some much needed freshness.
0.625 [McConaughey] and Hudson make the premise, even in its shakier moments, vibrate with a sense of fun.
0.4 Offers nothing new to the genre, but for those who like light tales of meet-cute and happily-ever-after, it'll probably be as welcome as a tub of double-fudge ice cream.
0.6 if only filmmakers out there would take a how-to course on making romantic comedies with more than just laughs and star appeal, we might actually be making some progress.
0.4 Wander in after 30 minutes and split an hour later, otherwise you may feel like you've been used.
0.5 . I hate to label this lightweight romp a "chick flick", but when the title actually issues a challenge to the fairer sex, well, the writing is on the wall.
0.8 Leve e divertida, esta producao serve como prova de que, mesmo carregada de cliches, uma comedia romantica pode funcionar muito bem.
0.75 You gotta love love, especially when it's devious, deceitful, selfish, brutal and manipulative.
0.75 ... before labeling this as just another chick flick, keep in mind that it's a whole lot more enjoyable than most of the current pre-summer blockbuster-wannabes that studios are unloading right now.
0.75 The kind of instantly disposable but exceptionally agreeable trifle that's best enjoyed with one's significant other, preferably before or after an intimate dinner for two.
0.4 Overly long and overstuffed, there's just not enough here for a recommendation.
0.6 Fun, funny, Chick Lit-style chortler.
0.625 Pokes fun at relationship stereotypes in a way that, while not exactly clever, is pretty amusing -- due in large part to the talented leads.
0.75 'Hudson y McConaughey salvan el resultado final gracias simplemente a su encanto personal.'
0.75 This is a pure bubblegum picture, but it works at that level.
0.75 This is a more adult romantic comedy, with humor that a more adult crowd can identify with, and those painful date moments that everyone can relate to.
0.5 Hudson needs a little more time to hone her comedic skills before she can charm us through all the watery spots in the film's hot-laughs and cold-jokes script.
0.375 In what civilization is this kind of behavior romantic?
0.625 Leave before the excruciating finale and you should have an OK time.
0.625 It is fun, but empty fun.
0.5 Both lovers are duplicitous creeps -- in a perverse way they're made for each other.
0.25 When a chick flick goes wrong -- and this one hits a dead end in hell -- it's a wipeout.
0.4 The funny stuff at the heart of this film struggles in vain to free itself from a cage made of old romantic-comedy cliches.
0.6 10 Days may be predictable, but it's still quite entertaining.
0.625 Though the majority of the film is laughably predictable (you just know there's going be a drawn-out sequence in which both characters learn about the other's deception), there's a lot worth recommending about How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.
0.4 Ladies, here's a hint: you can lose a guy in a lot less than 10 days if you make him watch movies like this one.
0.6 A nice enough diversion when the theaters are filled with weightier Oscar contenders.
0.5 The same stuff you've seen in every other run of the mill, artificially sweetened date flick.
0.5 You've seen this movie before. Here it is again.
0.5 ...breezy and manipulative...This piece of dating dreck is so sticky sweet and syrupy that one would think they screened Petrie's film at the International House of Pancakes!
0.4 The film is based on a very small book of the same name that's illustrated with stick figures. Director Donald Petrie's film miraculously manages to be even less detailed.
0.5 Too light on laughs and too heavy on predictable moments.
0.5 Though something less than a masterpiece of the genre, this good-natured skirmish in the war between men and women benefits from Hudson's thoroughly charming performance.
0.6 For once, here's a screen couple that easily adds up.
0.0 Virtually everything in the movie is off-pitch.
0.25 Having nearly suffocated amid the swirling mist of estrogen fumes that enveloped a recent screening of the insipid chick flick How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, I need an immediate infusion of guy stuff to detox.
0.4 So much of the picture misfires and/or simply doesn't work or make sense that the total package is not as good, enjoyable or entertaining as it should be.
0.375 This is a movie that never aspires to be anything more than dimwitted fun, then falls on its aspirations.
0.75 It's about as close to French farce as romantic comedies get, and the closer the better.
0.75 Button-cute.
0.6 A modest Hawn-like romance for a new generation.
0.3 A shrill, unfunny litany of single-folk stereotypes that insults men and women with equal abandon.
0.6 Guys, if the gal in your life insists that you take her to How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, don't panic. If she really wanted to dump you, she'd insist on Deliver Us From Eva.
0.625 Trite, contrived, but often entertaining.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy shows that Hudson's Oscar-nominated performance in 2000's Almost Famous wasn't a fluke.
0.5 This material requires a great deal more suspension of disbelief than even this hokey genre normally demands.
0.6 Has enough laughs and silly subplots to keep you looking, but in the end it's the work done by the two leads that saves the film.
0.6 McConaughey is an actor of limited range, but this time he has a film that fits firmly into his abilities.
0.5 You not only have to be seriously testosterone- deprived to survive this film without embarrassment, you have to buy a romantic premise so ridiculously contrived that even Dr. Ruth might suspect someone was pulling her little leg.
0.5 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is not unpleasant. It's just dull.
0.5 Lackluster.
0.5 It goes on too long and is trapped by too many cliches.
0.75 The hottest couple to come down the pike recently has been Frodo and Sam. Hudson and McConaughey rate higher on the spark-o-meter.
0.375 a shallow, convoluted love story with some cheap laughs wrapped around an infomercial
0.625 A novel concept...botched with juvenile execution.
0.75 Hits all the spots that most successful romantic comedies do, and has some decent laughs mixed in.
0.25 The results are supposed to be funny, but are instead painful.
0.625 The picture is actually watchable.
0.75 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days dishes up a healthy serving of the fun that should be -- and too often isn't -- at the heart of a good romantic comedy.
0.375 I am just about ready to write off movies in which people make bets about whether they will, or will not, fall in love.
0.2 Days is a watered-down, lightweight version of War of the Roses made for people who still think Friends is funny.
0.375 Clumsy, overlong.
0.375 Riddled with cliche plot devices and dialogue that's as superficial as the glossy fashion magazine the lead character writes for.
0.5 If How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days turns out to be a $75 million hit as I suspect, then it will no longer matter if the same script is dusted off and the names changed to protect the innocent, because it's the audiences that are guilty.
0.8 They play an emotional game of chicken - and we all win.
0.71 A brand of entertainment that's dissatisfying intellectually and formulaically.
0.5 Despite a few clever insights and twists, it's neither good nor distinctive enough to rise above the level of generic romantic comedy.
0.6 If the movie provides no new insight into the contrasting behavior of men and women or the perils of postmodern urban dating, falling well shy of the not-too-high standard set by 'Sex and the City' on both fronts, it does have its tart, fizzy moments.
0.4 A too-long title is just the first problem for this too-long, misguided, so-called romantic comedy.
0.375 Should just count ourselves lucky that the final reunion on a bridge doesn't involve Benjamin on horseback and Paul Young on the soundtrack.
0.375 How to lose a Guy in 10 Days More like How to Lose an Audience in 10 Minutes.
0.625 In contrast to the horrifically stupid, dull romantic comedies the past month or two have brought us, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is almost, but not quite, a breath of fresh air.
0.6 If reality's your bag, take a pass. But if you're looking for a harmless diversion to get you in the mood for Valentine's Day, this could be the ticket.
0.375 There may be some way to make this nonsense amusing, but writers Kristen Buckley and Brian Regan haven't even figured out a reasonable setup for getting the two together.
0.875 ...This film will charm your socks off
0.6 Not for one frame does it seem possible that these two cutesy twenty-somethings won't see the errors of their wagers in time to take the exit to happily-ever-after land.
0.0 If you want to lose a guy in one day, drag him to see this movie.
0.875 Hudson is so impressive than she could charm the paint off the walls.
0.625 This film sticks like high heels in gravel coming out of the gate. But after the necessary unpleasantness are over the bulk of the film is actually quite entertaining, funny and, well, cute.
0.625 This movie is so intent upon getting cheap laughs and putting the protagonists in uncomfortable situations that it forgets they're supposed to be falling in love.
0.6 This film will likely be enjoyed by anyone who has gone through their own share of 'clingy' girlfriends with a number of laughs and enough overall entertainment to recommend to anyone looking for a fun night out with their honey.
0.75 A tasty romantic comedy, featuring the battle of the sexes in its most fanciful light.
0.375 If you're working for The New Yorker, the legality of Laura Elena Harring's breasts is not an appropriate pitch for your "Annals of Law" column.
0.5 An entertaining trifle to a point...but it doesn't treat the character's or the audience's intelligence with the respect they deserve. By the end, you just don't care anymore.
0.3 Not only does 10 Days rely on that old standby of romantic comedies -- "the bet" -- it one-ups the cliche with two bets!
0.875 The plot isn't the attraction here; instead, it's the intriguing relationships between the characters, the black-and-white camerawork by the great Russell Metty (Touch of Evil, Spartacus), and the scintillating performances by all concerned.
0.7 An under-seen but highly-recommended film.
0.7 If a director's job is to come up with creative ways to convey who characters are and the deeper meaning of their circumstances, Montgomery earns a gold star.
0.5 Susan Hayward in an early, sudsy melodramatic peak.
0.8 Journey To Italy is a searing portrait of love turning sour under the Neapolitan sun and a bold adventure in a new kind of filmmaking.
0.875 You might not want to bring along someone you love, because you could end up leaving the theater alone.
0.6 If one accepts the narrative simplicity and that the journey is both physical and spiritual, the film offers many rewards.
0.8 In the end the film magnificently justifies its classic status as an affirmative statement about relationships.
1.0 There is real greatness in this movie.
1.0 An influence on everyone from Michelangelo Antonioni to Jacques Rivette, this brave work still stands as a watershed.
1.0 Rossellini stealthily ushers us towards a sense of heady affirmation so primal that 'romance' isn't a strong enough word for it.
1.0 Voyage to Italy is the kind of movie that makes those unhappily in love feel understood. And even if that's not you (congratulations), it's still possible to groove on Rossellini's stranger-in-a-strange-land psychodrama.
1.0 Befitting a filmmaker who defined as well as challenged the definition of Italian neorealism, it unfolds simultaneously as thorny narrative and profoundly personal documentary.
0.625 I nearly gave up after an incredibly awkward, self-conscious first five minutes, but eventually writer/director Russell Brown finds his groove and sustains it for a long while.
0.5 Brown is never clear enough on how he feels about his own characters.
0.4 Self-consciously edgy and romantically limp.
0.375 A wisp of a film, dramatically threadbare, and saddled with a brittle and affected performance by Williams.
0.2 While clocking in at a relatively painless 75 minutes, Brown fails to come up with anything so fresh and bold in his approach as to make a single one of those worth watching.
1.0 An illuminating glimpse into some of the more challenging complications that contemporary relationships can present.
0.5 While the filmmaking shows natural skill, the movie lacks the energy and passion needed to really engage the audience.
0.7 You want uncomfortable tales of love and woe, then Race You to the Bottom has what you're looking for.
0.6 Ultimately it is the awareness of a true story - both terrible and inspiring - lurking beneath the clever artifice that allows Noble to surge.
0.6 O'Kane is alright in a film that's solid rather than spectacular, but Sarah Greene is quite exceptional as the 20-something Noble, and seems bound for bigger things.
0.8 A moving, dramatic, harrowing and funny story about a quite remarkable woman.
0.875 Not only are the characters in The Last Days of Disco embarrassingly earnest about their love for spectacular nightclubs and thumping dance music, but they're also completely transparent about their desires, even when they think they're being clever.
0.8 If it had been Stillman's swan song, a director could hardly hope to be prouder of such a strong exit.
0.7 Stillman skips the snark in favor of a sincere appreciation of his slightly lost characters.
0.75 Stilillman pulls off a unique balancing act of conveying the specificities of the cultural milieu but also maintaining a sense of universality that keeps the film from being solely about its time and place
1.0 The focus of The Last Days of Disco is a psychologically authentic and painfully parasitic female relationship.
0.6 Solid period piece with good dialogue. Standard relationship stuff, but well done.
0.625 Mr. Stillman more or less saves the movie with Josh, a sweet, muddled guy who deserves better friends than he has in this movie.
0.5 Offers little beyond the usual Stillman prattle.
0.8 Sharp-eyed and charming.
0.8 The film is enjoyable .. because of that great dialogue, good performances by the leads, and a great soundtrack.
0.5 For a film about the flame-out of a flashy era, The Last Days of Disco is just too languid and verbose.
0.5 In its last hour, the picture becomes more clumsy and tiresome, but the stray laugh and the disco sound keep it pulsing.
0.5 Even the most promising characters turn out to be shallow and often hateful, their stories meander interminably.
0.5 For the most part it's completely forgettable.
0.4 Trouble is, the dancing is usually more interesting than the pretentious things these characters have to say.
0.75 A conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from its director, Whit Stillman.
0.75 A fascinating film to watch, whether you were a supporter of 'the disco movement', or one who cheered when it died.
0.75 The combination of sharply-realized dialogue and infectiously energetic dance sequences keeps The Last Days of Disco from losing steam.
0.875 [Stillman] nails his characters with perfectly heard dialogue and laconic satire.
0.8 Stillman has created an affectionate, original and highly memorable tribute to a bygone age.
0.8 The fun cast and Stillman's clever writing make this admittedly slow-moving and talky film a pleasure to listen to and lovely to look at.
0.6 Despite the almost total lack of action, the film is engaging and often funny.
0.75 The film comes alive with its wonderfully complex, intellectual humor that is so dense and fast-paced that it might take several viewings to catch it all.
0.625 In spite of itself -- in spite of Stillman -- this is a lively and often endearing entertainment.
0.75 Talky and uneven but often funny romantic comedy.
0.75 To his fans (color me guilty), Stillman is like a sardonic Anton Checkov, a man to whom dialogue and repressed emotion are everything.
0.75 A very entertaining film, thanks to an appealing cast ... and those wordy discussions.
1.0 Shows that Stillman has finally found out how to make his characters totally lovable, and surprisingly more sympathetic.
0.7 If this film ... doesn't fully rise to the lovely vibrancy of Barcelona, it still extends the witty, quizzical style of Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain.
0.6 The performances are nice but I don't think there's enough substance there in either of these people and I actually didn't believe the chemistry between them.
0.7 In the end it's the love story that counts and it's a beautifully acted and surprisingly touching relationship.
0.5 Summer Coda is disappointing, an under-nourished, spasmodically involving melodrama set largely amid the orange groves of Mildura in rural Victoria.
0.3 The themes of loss and moving on are sincere, but way too laboured. Angus Sampson brightens proceedings briefly as one of the fruit pickers -- will somebody please write a comedy lead for this guy? -- but otherwise it's an emotionally flat affair.
0.6 he bucolic rhythms of life in the orange grove have a lot of allure. It's Eden on the Murray and if you sit back and let its glories wash over you, you'll find a lot here to like.
0.3 Nice scenery, shame about the movie.
0.7 This is an extremely enjoyable film that will seduce audiences with its blend of appealing characters, glorious locations and an intelligent story about loss and love.
0.7 I don't think anyone would argue that 'Catch Me If You Can' is one of Spielberg's best films. However, it is good enough and passes a pleasant couple of hours.
1.0 Excellent account of FBI's youngest Most Wanted.
0.875 This amiably light-footed chase gets the job done.
1.0 The movie is a good time. It not only produces happiness, it is happy.
0.875 a future classic
0.5 Has Steven Spielberg lost it?
0.75 ...the film would've been vastly improved had it been trimmed down to 90 minutes.
0.875 The stylish, cartoon-like opening credits reminded me of the snazzy beginnings of the Peter Sellers-Pink Panther movies.
1.0 One of Spielberg's finest pieces of storytelling. Helps make up for A.I.
0.875 In a holiday season characterized by heavy cinematic fare, Stephen Spielberg has concocted a frothy trifle.
0.6 Is this a light-hearted romp? Is this a psychological drama? Is it a thriller? Can it be all three? Not quite, Sort of. Uh Uh. And dear lord no.
0.8 What could have been a great film is merely a good one, by way of forsaking the gritty details for directorial sleight of hand.
1.0 This is a delectable film indeed.
0.8 Gracas as interacoes entre seus personagens, o filme torna-se nao apenas uma historia divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguicao, mas tambem um belo estudo de personagens.
0.6 After the bigger questions of AI and Minority Report, Spielberg is back having fun.
1.0 Spielberg's candy-colored tale of cons in the swingin' past is a blast of fun with a surprising amount of heart.
1.0 This movie got me grinning. There's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something.
0.8 Regardless of the outrageous elements of the plot, the talented people involved with this film made it into an enjoyable one.
0.8 A fitting dessert to Spielberg's preceeding entree and main course of A.I. and Minority Report, and one hell of a ride.
1.0 Spielberg being Spielberg, he's surrounded himself with the best that money can buy, from the superb cast to the characteristically superb score by John Williams, and the result is his most purely enjoyable film in ages.
0.875 'De manufactura impecable, nostalgica y muy entranable, es sin duda uno de los mejores filmes en la carrera de Spielberg.'
0.75 By the end of the film, you'll understand why Tom Hanks needed to play the cop and the steps toward acting maturity Leonardo DiCaprio has already managed to take.
0.6 Spielberg's movie is fine entertainment, but John Williams has lost the sense of adventure in his scores.
0.8 Spielberg rediscovers his sense of fun with this funny, frivolous con caper.
0.875 an entertaining ode to the power of persuasion, something a master filmmaker like Spielberg knows a thing or two about
0.875 Fueled by a wonderful performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, Catch Me If You Can is a lighthearted yet heart-wrenching look at the making of a truly brilliant, if somewhat reluctant, con artist.
1.0 Some may discount "Catch Me If You Can" as frivolous, but I believe it is an expertly-made popcorn film alive with energy, style, momentum and heart. It maintains a gripping balance between comedy and drama
0.7 While less Oscar, and more MTV, for Steven Spielberg, Catch Me if You Can is still a delicious serving of comedy, romance and thrills -- I'm sure you'll be begging for more.
0.75 Catch Me if You Can is one of those deceptively slight offerings that manages to reveal more about its maker than the intended masterpieces often do.
0.5 What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes.
0.9 With its extended epilogue, the film feels about a half-hour too long, but the story is so good and there are so many fabulous set pieces that you can't imagine leaving anything out.
0.75 Slick as a salesman and shallow as a kiddie pool, it's more interested in the con than the consequences.
0.75 A picture that's good enough to make you ignore a few flaws.
0.6 Most of the film is an extended chase, with Abagnale always one clever step ahead, and it's tense, good fun, if a tad underdeveloped.
0.7 Catch Me If You Can's shiny wrapping paper of clever counterfeit schemes, pretty girls and fairytale cinematography belies the larger, richer themes that attracted such heavyweight talent to the project.
0.7 Leo was born to play this part. There's something about him that makes me want to smack him when he smiles his big, ingratiating smile.
1.0 Like last year's Ocean's 11, Catch Me If You Can is reminiscent of Golden Age blockbusters: flashy, glitzy and fun.
0.6 The cinematic version of a pastel-colored cocktail diluted with crushed, crackling ice and capped by a petite parasol.
0.75 ...a roller-coaster ride of a movie
0.7 Catch Me if You Can would have been the best example of entertainment as an art form in the past decade if not for Spielberg's daddy issues hijacking the plot.
0.875 Spielberg gives the movie the snappy, glitzy gusto of his early chase films, The Sugarland Express and 1941. It's refreshingly lacking in the heavy nobility he injected into The Color Purple and nearly every film since.
0.7 Spielberg directs a lower profile film than his usual fare, but one that is a pleasure to take in and be taken in.
0.8 Une intrigue fascinante presentee avec legerete et charme.
0.875 This is a movie with just about everything going for it: great acting, solid direction, and a story you won't soon forget.
0.8 Catch Me If You Can is impeccably made, wonderfully performed and enjoyable (if overlong), though it never actually gets a grasp on the brass ring.
0.9 [Spielberg] manages to subtly mark his own evolution within this grandly entertaining movie.
0.8 It's Spielberg with the message turned off, a jaunty two hours and 20 minutes that returns the director to his first love: blissfully pure cinematic fun.
0.875 In director Spielberg's charming and effervescently nostalgic adventure Catch Me If You Can, the nifty chase is definitely on.
0.75 Diving for depths that are not there, ... Spielberg only manages to con himself that they are.
0.6 Though there's certainly nothing wrong with seeing these cinematic titans take a breather and kick back for a change, it still would have been nice to see them break a little sweat.
0.75 The movie is engaging and well acted, though, and the Pink Panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission.
0.8 Catch Me If You Can is premium Spielberg working on cylinders that haven't been fired in years. It's worth a look just for that alone.
0.875 Production designer Jeannine Oppewall and Mr. Spielberg's favorite cinematographer Janusz Kaminski capture a near-flawless palette of period looks from the '50s and '60s.
0.8 It's more amusing than hilarious, more cute than inspired, but there's just too much talent on and off the screen for it to fail.
0.75 Wicked cute but alas super long.
0.95 The most enjoyable and fun film this holiday season!
0.875 While the critical consensus is that Catch Me If You Can is not one of Spielberg's 'major works,' it's also his least flawed and most purely entertaining movie in a decade.
1.0 Movies like this are what make it so fun to go to the cinema.
1.0 Spielberg slips in social commentary between Abagnale's prodigious feats of lawlessness & capitalizes on the glee of watching someone beat the system.
0.81 Does a good job of establishing a time and place, and of telling a fascinating character's story.
1.0 Spielberg doesn't automatically make great movies because he's a great director; he's a great director because he has the ability to make great movies. Catch Me If You Can is one of them.
0.875 Spielberg's breeziest work in years.
0.7 A fun, fluffy, harmless, good-time movie ideal for the X-Mas holidays...
0.2 Spielberg had one more thing to prove as a director, and that was to see how much money a humdrum film could gross with his name attached, along with two big stars collaborating in his droll experiment in tedium.
0.875 Catch Me If You Can is more than a cat-and-mouse chase film. For underlying the feature is a feeling of despair and loss.
0.75 A terrifically engaging film with a plot that would be utterly ludicrous if not based on fact.
1.0 A truly crowd-pleasing picture, with more great scenes than in most TWO movies.
0.625 Offers mild fun but never as much as its animated '60s-retro opening credits portend.
0.6 The whole lighter-than-air lark whizzes by like a brisk, kandy-kolored dream of the 1960s.
0.6 [Spielberg's] frothiest and most fun movie in years.
0.875 The movie's title serves as a fitting recommendation. Catch it if you can.
0.875 Ultimately about fathers and sons -- but it's also about the pleasures of telling a good story, with retro charm to spare.
0.8 Fun, lively and meticulously crafted from start to finish.
0.75 The colorful cinematography, smart performances and brisk tempo suggest a filmmaker subordinating every other impulse to the task of manufacturing pleasure.
0.75 The most free-spirited and pleasingly adult entertainment Steven Spielberg has made in decades.
0.75 It's fun for a while, a lot of fun, but it should have ended while it was ahead.
1.0 The film is easily the most light-hearted movie from Spielberg in more than a decade -- and the season's most entertaining light fare.
0.875 A true-blue delight.
0.75 Fleet-footed and fun, if a mite too long.
0.8 Spielberg knows that he has a great yarn here, and he's not about to let anything -- not even his own virtuoso style, which can elsewhere be effectively glitzy -- get in the way.
0.875 A very adult, very funny, very well-acted daydream that should delight just about anyone who's ever been asked for picture ID.
0.75 A breathless, amusing caper flick anchored by strong performances from Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
0.875 The lightest, most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade. And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him.
1.0 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful, incisive meditation on the way we were, and the way we are.
0.75 DiCaprio gives a radiant, movie-star performance.
1.0 Full of fun and verve, with ample battery power supplied by its handy helmsman.
0.75 The story is a good story, directly told, and such meaning as it has comes from the irony that the only person who completely appreciates Abagnale's accomplishments is the man trying to arrest him.
0.9 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people.
0.9 The most charming of Mr. Spielberg's mature films, because is it so relaxed.
0.75 You won't find a movie that's more fun this season -- but at 2-1/2 hours, it's probably too much of a good thing.
0.875 The marzipan nature of the tale flatters Spielberg's best instincts, and he deftly parries our inclination to regard the tale with a grain of salt in ways that bring out its inherent sweetness.
0.75 The movie feels like the work of a filmmaker who has earned himself a break. Because it's Spielberg, the audience gets to share in the party.
0.5 For all his genre-hopping and shape-shifting Spielberg seems to have become too big to tell small stories, which is one reason why the film sputters on one too many false endings.
0.75 Leonardo DiCaprio is perfectly cast. He oozes a stiff martini blend of larcenous charm and lonely-boy vulnerability.
1.0 A wily cat-and-mouse comedy that's as suspenseful as it is funny.
0.8 Dances across the screen with the effortless grace of Fred Astaire and the sexy provocation of Ginger Rogers.
0.75 A nice, light treat.
0.75 Affirms the gifts of all involved, starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together.
0.75 The film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale's antics.
0.75 Mindful in many ways of Spielberg's very first feature, the good-natured fugitives-on-the run drama The Sugarland Express.
0.75 A breezy, diverting, conventional, well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat.
0.875 Hands-down, the most entertaining of this holiday season's fare.
0.9 The best time Spielberg has provided moviegoers since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
0.75 It's a technically superb film, shining with all the usual Spielberg flair, expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team.
0.75 Never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-called 'comedies' found in multiplexes these days.
0.875 Spielberg becomes a Sinatra with this one, asking us to do nothing more than snap our fingers and come fly with him.
0.7 With its inventive story, eclectic cast, and authentic period feel, Catch Me should fly by but doesn't.
0.8 "Catch Me" feels capable of charming the masses with star power, a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark.
1.0 Fascinatingly, Catch Me If You Can resembles Hitchcock's self-mocking self-awareness - a canny satire of American culture and cinema, and, shockingly, a slyly autobiographical auto-critique.
1.0 This is DiCaprio's best performance in anything ever, and easily the most watchable film of the year.
0.875 One of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while, Leo has great fun in the role.
1.0 Steven Spielberg's best movie in at least a decade.
0.9 Overall the movie is a fun ride and an interesting tale about the life of one of America's greatest con men.
0.7 A slick little chase movie, with two huge stars having a grand time.
0.9 Kick the hobbit and grab hold of Catch Me If You Can as soon as you can.
1.0 Steven Spielberg has always has a fascination with the Peter Pan boy who never grew up; he drops this one into the splashy clothes, cars, and high style of the early 1960s.
0.8 I don't care if the film received a Ron Howard-esque saccharine shellacking, simply because it isn't a by-the-numbers bore.
1.0 Gotcha!
1.0 This rebellious rogue's skewed survival game is a cinematic winner. The astonishing cat-and-mouse chase offers sheer escapist entertainment, emerging as one of by 10 BEST Movies of 2002.
0.7 A great time at the movies and certainly a film well worth catching if you can.
0.875 Spielberg winningly recaptures the capers of a Butch-Cassidy-style rogue whose charm earns him audience smiles.
0.75 The chase is fun, amusing, and hosts a good sense of humor. For the most part, this "True Story" is believable with the inclusion of several Spielbergisms.
0.5 The violence is excessive and the plot predictable, although there is some style to director Winner's approach.
0.7 A compulsively watchable bit of '70s nostalgia, a curious counterpart to Dirty Harry and an icon of New York-brand justice.
0.4 It's a despicable movie, one that raises complex questions in order to offer bigoted, frivolous, oversimplified answers.
0.75 The movie has an eerie kind of fascination, even though its message is scary.
0.6 Solid if morally suspect revenge thriller.
0.6 Somewhat enjoyable right-wing revenge flick.
0.8 Chilling revenge pic that retains every bit of its power to disturb.
0.8 First (and easily the best) dark adventure of vigilante Paul Kersey.
0.75 Even those who disagree with its knee-jerk vigilante ideology have a hard time denying its impact because the film digs deep and works on an almost subconscious level.
0.79 Sumptuously photographed and scored, the movie is an excellent capsule of '70s filmmaking -- thrilling, thought provoking and sending us off with a wink at the end.
0.8 A minor classic that surpasses all expectations.
1.0 Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances.
1.0 As welcome as a cooling gelato on a hot summer's day.
1.0 A lovely film.
0.6 Hepburn represents all western cinema, finally allowed out to play on the cobbled streets of postwar Europe.
0.8 Hepburn and Peck revel in their shared duplicity but almost take a backseat to the splendour of the Italian capital, which has rarely been given so much lens-love since.
0.875 The reason Roman Holiday works is because it understands Hepburn's place in the pantheon of Silver Screen icons
0.8 If only more filmmakers would remember that not all fairy-tale romances need to have a pat, happily-ever-after ending.
0.7 It's a beautiful snapshot into the past, both for the historic look of Rome and to witness the birth of the romantic comedy.
0.875 For lovers of romantic comedies through the ages, Roman Holiday remains a favorite.
1.0 Delicious and delectable Audrey's Oscar-winning American debut. But not such a difficult feat with William Wyler backing you up.
1.0 Features one of the greatest endings to come from Hollywood
0.72 The Roman travelogue is pleasant enough, and Audrey Hepburn is positively peerless.
0.8 When you say 'They don't make movies like that anymore,' you're really talking about this film.
0.8 Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naive sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American.
0.875 The film itself is a classic of romantic wish fulfillment, exactly the sort of beautiful lie that Hollywood specialized in.
0.875 The final moments of Roman Holiday are among the most moving and memorable of any romantic comedy I can think of
0.9 A lovely little romance, full of fun and playfulness, stellar performances (Hepburn won an Oscar and Albert was nominated), and all set against the beauty of Rome
0.8 Nice little bittersweet comedy
0.8 A stunning film debut by Audrey Hepburn, charming, gaminlike, a delight.
0.8 The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist.
1.0 Roman Holiday is [Audrey Hepburn's] perfect picture.
0.8 Director William Wyler delivers some of the most stunning black and white visions of Rome ever put on film. Considering how many eye-filling extravaganzas have been set in the eternal city, that's really saying something.
0.83 ...while all the admittedly well-wrought details engage us on an intellectual level and keep us watching, the film doesn't linger in the imagination the way truly great cinema does
0.8 there is no denying the cinematic power of Audiard's fearless storytelling
0.75 Rust and Bone is a tough, emotionally raw movie, but its not a difficult watch, and its a very skillfully rendered piece of neo-realism.
0.6 The notion of strings-free sex gets a good working over from director Jacques Audiard (A Prophet), who takes as much pride in exploring the workings of Stephanie's troubled mind as he does in digitally removing her legs.
0.8 The film achieves what all dramatic films should strive for: complete audience empathy for the main characters. I cared for these two so deeply, and the many, many moments of quiet triumph gave me rushes of joy. A beautiful triumph of precision.
0.8 Rust and Bone is an unsentimentally lyrical triumph, unexpected in every way.
0.7 For a film that deals in different forms of agony it's rather pleasant. A portrait of family that's refreshing with the right emotional punch.
0.8 Audiard crafts a film with logical scenic construction yet surprising turns of events, with the drama never devolving into melodrama.
1.0 A 'Salt of the Earth' saga plumbing the depths of the human soul.
0.8 Through restraint, French director Jacques Audiard does a better job of tugging on viewers' hearts than most filmmakers can achieve with excess.
0.625 In 'Rust and Bone,' Marion Cotillard loses both legs but retains her hotness. This might seem like an inappropriate observation, but it's very much to the point of this very physical French romance of redemptive suffering from director Jacques Audiard.
0.8 This is a very different film to Audiard's most recent release - the impressive A Prophet - but it has a similar sense of maturity about it, and could well have acting awards aplenty heading its way in the coming months.
0.75 The strength of director Jacques Audiard's film is that he refuses to elicit pity from the audience for his protagonists.
0.5 Like a carnival barker or presidential candidate, Rust and Bone promises far more than it delivers.
0.7 Though Stephanie's legs are removed from sight through the wonders of digital film effects, the character will remain in your consciousness like a phantom limb.
0.8 The story is what it is, and other than the ridiculous ending crisis, isn't bad. What drives the film is Marion Cotillard's acting.
0.6 It moves at its own, often slow pace, but Marion Cotillard gives another great performance and the visual effects that turn her into a double amputee are astonishing.
0.75 Audiard juxtaposes Schoenaerts' physicality with Cotillard's disability and explores their mutual vulnerability in haunting and suggestive fashion.
0.75 Has significant blemishes that don't quite come out in the wash...but the picture persists on the strength of its committed performances.
0.6 A lesser director would not have breathed life into Rust and Bone, but Audiard directs with skill and sensitivity, even when his characters lack those attributes.
0.625 The movie wanders off course in the final act, as if none of its three screenwriters could quite figure out how to end it.
0.875 "Rust and Bone" has heart and soul.
0.875 "Rust and Bone" seems to wander unexpectedly into its heart; it feels organic in its casual unfolding, like life itself.
0.875 You couldn't ask for a more random relationship, but "Rust and Bone" slowly, almost magically, gives it meaning, symbolism, even a kind of symmetry.
0.625 Interesting, but emotionally and dramatically flat
0.75 When Rust and Bone tells a story of a woman's recovery from a devastating injury, it hits all the right notes, traveling a path that is poignant without being mawkish and triumphant without being saccharine.
1.0 From one of the best directors in the world comes a powerful love story that will bust your knuckles and break your heart. Jacques Audiard, who previously delivered the mighty prison drama, A Prophet, brings his tough love to a sad romance.
0.8 A tightly-managed film that explores the instinct to survive and fight with intelligence.
0.8 With the exceptional performances from both Matthias Schoenaerts and Marion Cotillard and the beautiful cinematography, Rust and Bone may have a few flaws but it's still brutal, intense, and surprisingly touching.
0.75 For all its willful melodrama, Rust and Bone takes its characters -- and us -- someplace touching and hard fought.
0.75 By turns brutal and tender, Rust and Bone is a bullet train of heightened melodrama that refuses to derail.
1.0 A movie that defies categorization, slips convenient genre boundaries, and leaves viewers feeling haunted and inspired in equal measure.
0.5 Rust and Bone concerns the relationship between a wholly unsympathetic man and a woman whose strange attachment to him does not garner much sympathy for her, either.
0.5 Positions the wrong person as the lead protagonist. The film lays its heart on the line, but its focal point is off.
0.75 "Rust and Bone" is a tough movie about tough people for a tough audience. So prepare to get roughed up a little.
0.75 An effective and moving drama about the strength of the human spirit and the will to survive.
0.75 The leads save it, particularly Cotillard, who once again subverts her own glamour with ferocious lack of ego.
0.8 There is something about two broken people trying to create something whole between them that is endlessly appealing to movie audiences.
0.875 Getting to know Alain and Stephanie feels a lot like getting to know anyone: We're constantly being surprised by their behavior and yet somehow, all of it fits.
1.0 Audiard, who made the uncompromising prison saga A Prophet, is like a gritty, realist Douglas Sirk - throwing his characters into whirlwind scenarios that are filled with big emotions and fateful turns of events.
1.0 Audiard's use of genre and cliches is part of a greater argument about moral redemption and deceptive appearances, where happy endings are only skin deep.
0.625 Reminds that a movie can be gripping and still not quite work.
1.0 An unusual and unsettling love story, Rust and Bone shows once again that Oscar-winning French actress Marion Cotillard is as close to perfect as any female has ever been onscreen.
0.7 ...a muscular romance that leaves its mark like a bruise.
0.625 Cotillard's performance is a match for the histrionics, but Rust and Bone still could cut a lot of fat.
0.5 Despite amazing CGI that shows Cotillard convincingly sans legs and terrific acting, this is far too long for what's there.
0.8 Romantic but pitiless, fearlessly emotional as well as edgy, "Rust and Bone" is a powerhouse.
0.625 The story grows inert, hindered by Schoenaerts' expressionless performance.
0.9 Few films come along and conquer new territory in the way of cinematic storytelling like Rust and Bone.
0.875 Rethinking what we thought we knew - about love, about sex, about disability - is what "Rust and Bone" is about. Be careful, the film warns us -- we may know less about those things than we think.
0.8 "Rust and Bone" is a strong, emotionally replete experience, and also a tour de force of directorial button pushing.
0.4 Its underwritten characters and hoary approach plunk it into mediocrity.
1.0 Lyrical and gritty French drama for mature viewers only.
0.9 A must-see drama that will reward moviegoers who are both smart enough to seek it out and grown-up enough to take it
0.5 If you hired Albert Camus to write "Rocky," it might come out something like "Rust and Bone," a quintessentially French effort to combine pugilism and sentimentality.
0.875 What sounds like a movie of the week formula plays much more convincingly thanks to assured direction and powerful performances.
0.8 It's Cotillard who surprises: Too often cast as eye candy, she demonstrates a facility here for tiny gestures and facial expressions that suggest emotional arcs in miniature.
0.75 These are people who never would have connected under ordinary circumstances; they end up needing each other desperately. Only in the movies.
0.375 If the name Nicholas Sparks was within fifty feet of it, it would be laughed out of the theater sight nearly unseen.
0.85 Jacques Audiard continues to strive to make films so distinctively singular in their originality, no one in Hollywood would even consider remaking this.
0.625 It runs a complicated bait and switch on its audience, passing ostensible exploitation fodder through a high-toned prestige filter.
0.8 As a cross between other French films, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly and Untouchable, as well as Murderball and Inside I'm Dancing, Rust and Bone is an often erratic but always truly cinematic piece of soul searching with sublime special effects.
0.9 A drama about the capacities of some individuals to bounce back and survive in the face of ordeals, setbacks, and suffering.
0.6 A work of breathtaking intensity, there's nevertheless a point where so much misery has been thrown on screen that the narrative becomes predictable; imagine something terrible, and it's probably going to happen.
0.95 Rust and Bone is a film of undeniable power. The two central performances are stunning and Audiard's passionate filmmaking makes for a completely engrossing, original and moving cinematic experience.
0.8 Here Cotillard does some of her finest work.
1.0 Achingly romantic in ways that only the French know how.
0.8 Rust and Bone still emerges as a very impressive achievement from a director who - though possessed of a recognisable voice - seems intent on stretching himself with each new project.
1.0 Marion Cotillard delivers another raw, devastating performance in this beautifully made drama about two badly damaged people who adapt to a new life together.
0.6 The special-effects are amazingly realistic, as is the leading lady's luminous, anguished and extremely moving performance.
0.8 A powerful tale of love against the odds.
0.6 The film's brilliance is its refusal to defer emotionally to the heroine's tragedy. No overt pity; no self-pity.
0.6 Despite exceptional cinematography, music, and brilliant performances throughout, the film lacks the believable dramatic arc of director Jacques Audiard's previous offering A Prophet.
0.8 Apart from the soppy soundtrack, it's very affecting and potent stuff.
0.8 Cotillard, who's been waiting since La vie en rose for a role this substantial, is at her damaged, devastating best.
0.8 Cotillard is always mesmerising and, if you have the patience, Rust and Bone is well worth a look.
0.8 Superbly directed, strikingly shot and sharply written, this is a powerfully emotional French drama with intriguing characters and a pair of terrific performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts.
0.8 Cotillard's performance is primed for awards, while Schoenaerts is a rough diamond.
1.0 Rust And Bone may be melodramatic but it is no indulgent emotional wallow.
0.8 Another triumph from Audiard and a Cotillard masterclass, this bruising, tender melodrama lingers long in the memory.
0.8 A winning marriage of mind-boggling visual effects, excellent performances, and sumptuous direction, Rust and Bone is an emotional, richly rewarding drama.
0.8 It's perhaps less focused and perfect-feeling than Audiard's best work, but its oddness makes it more thought-provoking.
0.6 pure soap opera
0.75 ...a solid little drama that falls just short of greatness...
0.9 It is terribly intense, and French. There is no other way to describe it.
0.75 By the end, "Rust" cast a spell over me, but man, did it take nearly the entire length of the film for me to figure out what it was trying to do.
0.8 Rust and Bone is an incredibly well crafted and intensely emotionally absorbing film worthy of serious attention.
0.9 While it's a redemptive love story between two broken people, the film's beauty lies is in its lack of overblown sentimentality. There is a spare, hard mien to these characters that intrigues & pulls us in.
0.5 The theme of reconciliation - between man and woman, father and son, brother and sister, man and animal - feels kind of perfunctory and over-reaching.
0.8 These are two towering performances in a film of genuine power. Rust and Bone may not be for everyone; but it's a complex, assured, demanding work.
0.8 Audiard manages to create a very real world in which circumstances determine everything.
0.4 The muscularity of Audiard's approach becomes more macho and less appealing as the film goes on, and the script wanders down distracting byroads that make it feel episodic and inattentive.
0.8 It is a passionate and moving love story which surges out of the screen like a flood tide.
0.6 A richly directed and historically credible film that -- with its sense of time and place -- ends up functioning as fascinating and poignant temporal travelogue.
0.855 Graceful, tender and poignant with a very believable, organic character arc. It's more than your average coming-of-age story.
0.9 A compelling Chinese coming-of-age drama about a young boy's initiation into the adult world of violence and mystery.
0.625 The movie lingers in the mind, largely because director Wang Xiaoshuai's theme is poignant and classic: The more a child perceives of what the adults around him are doing, the more childhood slips away.
0.7 Poised on the brink of sexual awareness and the waning of the Cultural Revolution, an 11-year-old boy struggles to interpret the signals from his changing body and an increasingly confusing world.
0.6 Wang Xiaoshuai's gently engrossing coming-of-age tale isn't strikingly unique, but it does possess the heartfelt confidence that comes from autobiographical influence - and natural talent.
0.6 Mildly resonant, if not revelatory.
0.875 Because of its choice in subjectivity, and despite the film's historical context, 11 Flowers firmly elevates the experience of the personal over the political.
0.8 After Columbine, this dark comedy isn't as funny.
0.75 Heathers, with all its flagrant masochism and violence, is a throwback to a more innocent time, where such films could be made and still be deemed over the top fantasy.
1.0 Two decades later, Heathers is so on the money, with its vague but unmistakable parallels to several school shootings, that it could never be made today.
0.875 Dark, cynical, but deliciously funny, Heathersis a fascinating look not just at high school but at the way we look at high school.
0.875 fantastic
1.0 An amazing black satire filled with vicious biting words that snap like firecrackers.
0.8 Scathing and hilarious.
0.8 Viciously delicious cult classic, flip side of "The Breakfast Club."
0.6 Blistering comedy run aground by cop-out ending.
0.8 Lehman's delightfully dark and deranged take on adolescent angst and isolation. Heathers is heuristic in its haughty examination of teenaged alienation
0.6 A wonderful savage satire on high school life.
0.9 A poisoned candy apple that'll bring a sardonic smile to the lips of those who remember it and entertain those who haven't experienced it before.
0.8 This film is dark as night but great fun, taking teen issues by the scruff of the neck and holding them up as the rather unpleasant exhibits they are.
0.875 The points it makes about the violence-prone absurdity of American adolescence are perhaps even more incisive today than they were [in 1989].
0.625 For a long time, we're not even sure of the point of view: Is this a black comedy about murder or just a cynical morality play? The traveler in the foreign country is not sure, but he knows the film inspires thought.
1.0 The perfect 80's film, and it has the legs to still do it today.
0.9 A scathing lambasting of the American teen in the late 1980s, but its presence will be timeless.
0.5 Avila can't quite thread the needle between telling his personal story and connecting it to larger social currents.
0.75 'Clandestine Childhood'' is the impressive first feature by Argentine director Benjamin Avila.
0.5 When a filmmaker proves as reluctant as Mr. Avila to speak up about the past, to engage with its full complexity, it can be hard to hear what he's saying.
0.6 The calmer scenes are staged in staid and somewhat clunky fashion, but the graphic animation depicting the worst moments is starkly effective.
0.6 Outre flourishes don't fully lift the story past the limitations of innocence-lost storytelling.
0.5 Benjamin Avila structures the film as a series of precious moments, remembrances of a difficult year when the politics of patria and family got in the way of his puppy love.
1.0 Inception is the best film of the year and one of the best films of the decade, this is Nolan's masterpiece and it is perfect in every regard.
1.0 A smart and inventive thriller, this drama is one of the year's best movies.
1.0 Nolan has cemented himself among the great filmmakers of our time, not only with this film, but with most of his other works as well.
1.0 Despite its two- and a half-hour length, it flies by and just like a great dream you don't want to wake up from, even after the end credits start, you'll desperately crave five more minutes.
0.6 Ambitious, sure, but ultimately too far-fetched for its own good.
0.8 It's intentionally, thrillingly, disorienting.
0.8 Flaws aside, there's a lot to like about Inception and Nolan keeps his eye on the ball throughout, offering up a lush treat of a thriller with nerve and wit
0.7 Taken at theatrical value, director/writer Christopher Nolan's tale of purposeful memory-travel is a fun and exciting trip into the creative subconscious.
0.875 It is the film by which to measure the density of all others.
0.7 ...there's no denying those special effects. They are spectacular and creative in the extreme.
0.9 The action set pieces are deliriously spectacular; one involving a gravity-impaired Gordon-Levitt in an ever-rotating hallway is wondrous to behold.
0.9 A trippy, complex, thrill-driven action-adventure that demands (and rewards) repeat viewings.
0.6 Un thriller inteligente aunque algo menos complejo de lo que aparenta, que cae en varios excesos narrativos y visuales. Probablemente la pelicula mas ambiciosa de Nolan hasta la fecha.
0.7 I'm somewhat disappointed that Nolan didn't make a different movie, I heartily enjoyed the one he did make.
1.0 Nuevamente Nolan nos sorprende con un ejercicio inteligente y vibrante, con un DiCaprio maduro y un cast perfecto. La cinta del ano para Hollywood.
0.8 Nolan gledateljima prua zabavu za osjetila i intelekt na na&#269;in koji se &#269;ini iznad mogu&#263;nosti najve&#263;eg broja njegovih kolega
1.0 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 A classic-in-waiting that will keep you guessing and thinking while you pick your jaw up off the floor.
1.0 Nolan's script keeps the parallel narrative threads concise, and through gorgeous cinematography by Wally Pfister and sharp editing by Lee Smith.
0.875 Is the movie over-thought? Sometimes, yes. But challenging material is rarely as satisfying as in this blockbuster from one of the dream factory's most gifted artisans.
0.9 A marvelous, highly enjoyable film that continues Nolan's climb toward the very top of the list of the best filmmakers working today.
1.0 Intelligent and imaginative Inception is eye bending and mind bending in equal measures.
1.0 Uma ficcao cientifica que faz jus aos melhores do genero, apresentando-nos a conceitos intrigantes e dedicando-se, entao, a explora-los ate suas consequencias mais extremas.
0.65 Inception, which has been talked up to crazy heights and showcases the best, as well as the most problematic, aspects of Nolan's directorial chops.
0.9 Inception made my brain hurt. And it hurt in the most wonderful way.
0.8 Brain, meet spasm. Inception is the cleverest, most original use of a Blockbuster budget we've seen in years. Shame some of the characters are a bit underdeveloped.
0.9 Christopher Nolan proves himself as both a man of action and ideas, as he delves into the male psyche and enriches the soul in Inception.
0.99 "Hooray!"
0.7 Visually stunning Inception trips on its own cleverness, sacrificing character development in the pursuit of ingenuity. One can forgive its hubris and give it credit for being a thinking man's action movie.
1.0 Nolan has spun an elegantly cerebral story that is primal, compelling, and as visually disconcerting as it is completely captivating
0.8 This is a long film with a lot of fiery explosions, intelligent ideas, sputtering machine guns, and violent car crashes.
0.875 An at-times dizzying Mobius strip of a sci-fi thriller, it's both a tremendously challenging and tremendously rewarding movie, the type that will have audiences talking -- and debating -- long after the credits roll.
1.0 A giant win for audiences and the degree to which filmmakers can respect their intelligence.
0.9 Nolan repousse les limites de son cinema pour nous offrir - une fois de plus - son oeuvre la plus dense et stimulante a ce jour.
0.75 This metaphysical 'Mission: Imposible' is motivated by a challenge as great as that facing its heroes: It's Nolan's attempt to crack the Great Film vault. Mission accomplished? Yes -- and more crucially -- no.
1.0 Inception a dynamic, moving mind-bender.
0.8 For all of its capacity to bewilder and befuddle, Inception still must be endorsed purely on the strength of its ambition, and the awesome heights to which it sometimes soars.
0.7 Nolan is having the time of his life in his own personal playground and, for all its heavy technical and narrative machinery, Inception remains one of his lightest films.
0.8 It is irritating for an hour, being so gloomily lit that you need fog lights, then it opens up into a marvellously inventive, somewhat silly but enjoyable heist movie, with a good cast doing things I doubt even they could explain.
0.9 It's just streets ahead of anything I've seen in a long time.
0.9 One of those films, like Blade Runner or 2001 A Space Odyssey, that will repay many viewings in order to grasp all the intricate details of these multi-layered trips into the dreams and nightmares of the central characters.
0.8 [Nolan] has planted the idea that his film is the most brilliant, original and smart film in years. And everyone thinks they realized this on their own.
0.9 And [Nolan] said, "let there be originality", and there was originality. He called it Inception and audiences and critics alike saw that it was good.
1.0 Even its flaws are brilliant -- and without its flaws and a few evidences of self-mocking humor, I'm not sure I'd like it nearly as well as I do.
0.5 Inception is a diverting gambit, but you might want to check your watch a few times to see when the dreams are going to be over.
0.9 Indeed, Hollywood's obsession with 3D has extended to the storytelling process, and with Inception, it also reminds us that story and characterization still rule in the land of a thousand digital vistas.
0.8 Nolan borrows from classic heist and caper movies to design the clockwork tension but this particular clock is more like Dali's dripping watch.
0.8 Cinematically, this is a keeper, a fireworks grand finale that goes on flashing and booming for two hours and twenty-eight minutes. But, oh, for some genuine heart.
0.89 Once in the dreamspace, Nolan's command of multi-layered storytelling is nothing short of astounding.
1.0 the balance of philosophical ideas and narrative tension are more than enough to keep the film not just engaging, but utterly riveting for its entire duration
1.0 Inception is the exception to a boring summer!
0.8 A well-constructed, narratively audacious blockbuster released at a time when such things are in depressingly short supply.
0.5 A patently-preposterous, endlessly-elliptical mindbender that's worth the investment just to be able to say you sat through it, even if you can't follow all of its meandering machinations. It's that hip!
0.875 Despite the fact that some details of the labyrinthine plot are simply too obscure to comprehend on a first viewing, Nolan sells the emotion -- and the consequences -- visually.
1.0 Cinema is rarely this engaging on so many levels.
0.875 This is the kind of film studios need to green light more often... all orchestrated by the crafting hand of a director who knows what he wants and makes it happen.
0.7 Preposterous, but so ingeniously done that it's an entertaining ride.
1.0 Just like a spinning top, you keep hoping Christopher Nolan's movie will last a little bit longer.
0.9 It's heartening to see that the quirky sensibility Nolan brought to 'Memento' has never left him.
0.875 It's bold. It's exciting. It makes you think. It engages. It impresses. It frustrates. And it does it all a helluva lot better than Shutter Island.
1.0 The first masterpiece of 2010. A perfect blend of performance, story, music and effects.
1.0 A dream within a dream.
0.8 The complexity of the plot works to make the film a must see, but it also ends up frustrating the audience because it all can't be figured out on the first viewing
1.0 I suspect even repeat viewings won't be enough to nail this one down: Like 2001, it's both knotty enough and ambiguous enough to lead to conflicting opinions. Besides, our dreams are open to different interpretations, so why not some of our films as well?
0.875 The ending will leave you debating in that glass half-full, half-empty kind of way. Let's just say, it's a movie that needs to be seen more than once.
0.4 Only someone who never saw (or appreciated) Dark City would be able to call it visionary.
1.0 This is not only the best movie ever made about dreams, it is also one of the best films of 2010, and certainly one of the most entertaining pictures I've seen in a decade.
0.875 It is a fascinating visual feast, The Matrix with heart and soul, a rollercoaster ride into layers of the subconscious mind that challenges our ability to keep up.
0.8 What it is (an action-heavy heist movie with several mind-blowing setpieces) is an entirely pleasant substitute for what it isn't (a psychologically complex investigation into dream logic).
0.9 There are plenty of reasons to like Inception, whether you found it obvious or impenetrable. You'll wish you could dream as lucidly as this, but be grateful here you have Nolan as your tour guide.
0.9 It makes 'The Matrix' look like a Dick & Jane book.
0.875 This is a drama built around ideas and images; it is a cinematic maze that Nolan makes his audience traverse in order to follow, understand and appreciate his world.
0.625 Inception is a nightmare for audiences looking for coherent fiction.
0.988 A groundbreaking, intriguing, exhilarating and brilliant sci-fi thriller that's destined to become a timeless classic. Mark my words: It will be remembered for years to come.
0.84 Who are we to complain when a filmmaker lets his thoughts get the better of him, especially when most summer blockbusters aren't thinking at all.
0.875 The movie is almost hypnotic -- a mind-bending experience laced with palpable tension and fueled with drama. Sweet dreams.
0.8 Inception is an intense, complex story, but it's always coherent, imaginative, and entertaining.
0.625 More time wasting than time bending, Inception is a shoot 'em up masquerading as a thinking person's sci-fi film.
0.75 This sophisticated and uniquely clever cinematic concoction is a refreshing change from the usual lineup of mindless summer fare. The acting and dialogue take a back seat to the mind-blowing action that is...
0.625 Nolan is a very clever fellow, no argument there. He's skilled at juggling big ideas and making us think. Now if he can just make us feel.
0.9 The final half-hour alone is a miracle of clockwork-precise showmanship.
1.0 It's only the latest indication that Christopher Nolan might be the slyest narrative tactician making movies today.
0.75 Pretty good, not bad, but brilliant it surely ain't.
1.0 Inception is a boldly constructed wonder with plenty of -- as one character describes it -- "paradoxical architecture."
0.9 I found myself admiring the movie's stubborn adherence to its own universe and logic.
0.875 Nolan's tale is not only a trip through mental labyrinths but a reminder that memories may cripple us, unless we learn to let them go.
1.0 Inception, the latest in Nolan's long list of awe-inspiring films, proves to be his most ambitious and satisfying project to date.
0.6 The good news is, I'm not going to give away any of the mind-bending twists at the center of Inception. The bad news is, that's because there aren't any.
0.4 Inception is so slow and so confusing that you may actually fall asleep. Or wish you were really dreaming and could wake up and dream another movie.
0.4 Mixes arcane talk about dreams with traditional action sequences resulting in strange and ineffective hybrid.
0.2 Are they handing out joints at the box office for this?
1.0 This is a movie people will go see and then argue about and then, very likely, go see again. It is instantly the must-see film of the summer.
0.8 By turns overpowering, spectacular and truly awe-inspiring. Nolan has just taken it to the next level.
0.875 Inception is that rare film that can be enjoyed on superficial and progressively deeper levels, a feat that uncannily mimics the mind-bending journey its protagonist takes.
1.0 You know how much of a cheat it is when a movie concludes with a character waking up and realizing it was all a dream? Inception goes another way: Its characters wake up from their dreams to figure out what's real.
1.0 The most audacious and multifaceted Hollywood entertainment for grown-ups I've seen in years.
0.625 Wrapped up in the logistics of various dreamscapes and the technical details of dream sharing and inception, the picture all but abandons its most essential thread.
0.4 Inception becomes its own nightmare by trying to be "too" smart.
0.875 The visual effects are outstanding, including a fight scene that rivals any ever put on film.
0.9 Inception is the most astonishing thing you will see all year. It may be one of the most astonishing things you will ever see.
0.9 The first of [Nolan's] films that I would call flat-out fun.
1.0 Does the long-anticipated Christopher Nolan film Inception deliver what we've been hoping for? In a word: Yes.
0.9 t has all of Nolan's strengths, and some of his weaknesses, and it is undeniably his. It is a $160 million action film about loss and regret, and it is exciting in part because of its flaws.
0.75 Inception is often thrilling to watch, but there's something hollow at its center.
0.2 (S)tories should show, not tell, and Nolan keeps telling us that he can't tell this story.
0.8 The first of many major achievements in this memorable and haunting film is to render other people's dreams - not the most interesting of topics normally - absolutely riveting.
1.0 In a decade dominated by the three dreaded Rs of remakes, reimaginings and reboots comes a truly original blockbuster.
1.0 The most intelligent and visually stunning film of the year. Literally mind-bending.
0.875 All it asks of viewers is that they do something rare: engage the intellect.
0.9 A grandiose exploration of the subconscious and a blazing piece of puzzlemaking.
1.0 It's the kind of thing that only comes along once every few decades.
1.0 An intellectualized action flick or an action-packed intellectual film? The answer, of course, is that it's both.
0.75 Like any traditional narrative, it starts at point A and ends at point B. It just goes backward through the alphabet to get there.
0.75 A heist picture at heart, the dream-world-set thriller harkens back to the reality-shifting days of "The Matrix," but edges toward intelligence in all of the places the Wachowski brothers opted for visceral popcorn thrills.
0.5 Rule of thumb: if a movie uses the word "deep" as much as this one does, it probably isn't.
0.875 I absolutely loved every minute of it.
1.0 The ambition on display is so huge, and the filmmaking so intelligent, you'll emerge feeling as if you've just watched an entire season of the greatest sci-fi series never made.
0.9 You have to love a movie that dares people to think big.
0.8 This is a popular entertainment with a knockout punch so intense and unnerving it'll have you worrying if it's safe to close your eyes at night.
1.0 Nolan's film is surely the most ambitious psychological thriller ever, and yet also the most personal. His baroque imagination makes most directors' efforts look like beach-pail sand castles alongside Mad King Ludwig's Neuschwanstein Castle.
0.5 Meanwhile, explanations are offered, buildings collapse on themselves, DiCaprio frets moodily, henchmen fall over and that white van keeps falling off that bridge ... It's all very beautiful, and mostly very empty.
1.0 unlike anything you've seen
0.875 As the dreams build upon each other and Cobb's past creeps through, Nolan has us just where he wants us -- deliriously lost in a world where dreams and reality are indecipherable, and curious enough to stand in line for another showing.
1.0 This is what movies can be like if you try.
0.6 Mr. DiCaprio exercises impressive control in portraying a man on the verge of losing his grip, but Mr. Nolan has not, in the end, given Cobb a rich enough inner life to sustain the performance.
0.875 Inception is the rare blockbuster entry as sophisticated and intelligent as it is exciting and spectacular.
0.8 The fact that it manages to be both unmissable and maddening doesn't kill the immediate buzz, since half the film's thrills consist of simply keeping up with it.
0.875 In this smart sci-fi puzzle box, director Christopher Nolan transports the audience to a dreamscape that begins with the familiar and then takes a radical, imaginative leap.
0.8 Like a dream, Nolan's film fades swiftly in the light -- but while it lasts, it feels like there's nothing more important to decipher.
1.0 Leonardo DiCaprio's new thriller is as good as live action cinema gets...and you're about to have some very deep dreams to prove it.
1.0 This truly remarkable movie represents imagination of the highest order conducted by a true master of the art of motion pictures.
0.5 Without a substantial story to support the whole, the piece is as weightless as the 'Zzzzzz team' itself, floating through the multiple levels of dreams within dreams.
0.8 Even minor roles are filled by sterling talent (including Michael Caine as Cobb's mentor), which is testament to the originality and precision of Christopher Nolan. His is a mind that's definitely worth getting lost in.
0.6 Inception may be the brainiest hokum ever released in a cinematic summer. Imagine Last Year in Marienbad wandering into the orbit of producer Jerry Bruckheimer.
1.0 Inception is one of the most original, thought-provoking, intense, mind-blowing pieces of entertainment I have ever seen. I would pay money to watch people's reactions.
0.8 Emotional intimacy is lacking, with some characters functioning merely as devices to explain an increasingly complicated scenario, but there's no doubt that Nolan knows how to craft an enthralling brainteaser.
1.0 After thinking it'd take "a couple months" to ink, director Christopher Nolan took eight years to painstakingly write the "Inception" script. And you can tell. It's his first pure masterpiece.
0.8 It was a brave move to follow The Dark Knight, one of the biggest hits of all time, with something so incredibly complex, but Nolan can relax -- it's worked like a dream.
1.0 A conceptual coup that, in dealing with the shifting logic and fractured reality of dreams, frees itself from the need to satisfy any conventions, formulae or expectations.
1.0 It's a long movie (2.5 hours) but doesn't feel so, and is the rare would-be blockbuster that demands close attention and would surely reward rewatching.
0.875 With Inception, writer/director Christopher Nolan not only cements his status as Hollywood's most innovative filmmaker, he has created a daring genre: the surrealist heist thriller. Or, maybe he has developed the dream invasion action epic.
0.7 ...part heist caper, part Jungian fugue-state where dreams stack up inside each other like Russian nesting dolls.
0.625 Personally, I got more thrills out of the simple animation of Richard Linklater's Waking Life.
1.0 More filmmakers need to abandon the Ikea guide to making Hollywood movies (Step 73: Keep hammering cliche) and close their eyes for a little nap.
0.9 Whether [DiCaprio] confronts lost love or the dream world crumbles in a glorious symphony of exploding fruit and buildings, Inception is beautiful, high-class chaos.
0.8 It is that rarest of beasts: a slippery, cerebral summer blockbuster that slaloms from illusion to reality and back again and leaves its viewer bewitched, bothered and bewildered.
1.0 It's said that Christopher Nolan spent ten years writing his screenplay for Inception. That must have involved prodigious concentration, like playing blindfold chess while walking a tight-wire.
1.0 The movies have produced one of their rare works of great art, disguised as an action thriller -- a thoughtful and thought-provoking meditation disguised as a con game carried out in a dream ... within a dream ... within a dream.
0.75 It's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions and with nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath no bottom.
0.7 Surely the most intellectually and viscerally engaging action film in years.
0.75 One of the best things about Nolan as a director is that he's not self-conscious. His movies unfold and fold in on themselves without the strain of labor or flash. But that lack of self-consciousness is also Nolan's downside.
0.625 The dream logic of Inception -- which deals, like Nolan's far more intriguing Memento, with the architecture of memory and the nature of reality -- is stymied by a clunking script, crammed with expository exchanges and urgent blather.
1.0 Inspired at times by movie classics, modern and otherwise - 'Dark City' and 'Minority Report,' but also 'Metropolis,' 'Citizen Kane' and the best 007 adventures - it earns its place in the same conversation, a tribute to Nolan's ingenuity.
0.9 A singular film that seeps into your brain so much so that you might leave the theater looking at the world differently.
0.625 Writer/director Christopher Nolan is too obsessed with the mechanics of the gimmick and plot of Inception to make any intellectual leaps off the screen.
0.7 A remarkable achievement in ingenuity and storytelling.
0.5 For a motion picture set within the boundless reaches of the subconscious, Inception is depressingly lacking in imagination.
1.0 Consider this as a form of inception from a film review: see it again, and while you're at it, see it a third time.
1.0 No matter how high your personal expectations for "Inception" may be, the film not only meets but wildly exceeds them.
1.0 One of the most intoxicating, challenging and beautiful movies of the 21st century, deserving of multiple Oscar nominations.
1.0 Inception is the first masterful video game movie (never mind that it isn't based on a video game).
1.0 A masterpiece on a grand scale that is not just an ingenious work of science fiction but may be the best film since Rear Window to play along with your mind's eye on how we view movies altogether.
1.0 Inception is either a great, mind-bending movie or one big swindle. Let's go with the former.
0.6 Christopher Nolan's existential sci-fi heist flick is always riveting, if not always comprehensible.
0.375 Inception is Instruction Manual Cinema, a film that spends so much time explaining the rules of its narrative conceit that it fails to either emotionally engage or, except in a few notable spots, viscerally thrill.
1.0 The simplest way to sum up the greatness of Inception is to identify it as a new classic of science-fiction cinema (and, for that matter, the heist genre).
1.0 Brilliantly directed and superbly conceived, this is a genuinely exciting, intelligent thriller with stunning visuals, gripping action scenes, a brilliantly constructed script and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast.
0.25 None of this prattling drivel adds up to one iota of cogent or convincing logic. You never know who anyone is, what their goals are, who they work for or what they're doing.
1.0 A sublime brain-twister of a movie that plays out so intricately on so many levels simultaneously that a bathroom break comes at your own peril.
1.0 A master stroke from a director in his prime. Inception is leagues above any live action film released in 2010.
0.8 How can it be that a bunch of people sitting around scheming nonsense can prove so compelling? Only David Fincher knows how to take a studio's money and spin it as stylishly as Nolan.
0.75 Inception is an elegant, portentous ride, though I'm not sure Nolan is any closer to visualizing the real (dream) deal than Hitchcock was.
1.0 While the mind-bending story might not be as cerebral as it seems, it completely envelops us
1.0 Watching Inception is like striking a match and setting your brain on fire.
0.875 In this wildly ingenious chess game, grandmaster Nolan plants ideas in our heads that disturb and dazzle. The result is a knockout. But be warned: Inception dreams big.
0.875 At first, Inception left me cold, feeling as if I'd just eavesdropped on somebody's bad acid trip. Now I find I can't get the film out of my mind, which is really the whole point of it, isn't it?
1.0 So now I've watched Inception, had my mind splattered all over the theater just like I knew it would be, and I still don't really know what it's about. That's just how amazing this movie is.
1.0 Can a summer blockbuster with a multi-million dollar budget really be this smart, moving and intellectually thrilling? Pinch yourselves, we could still be dreaming.
0.9 The next step in [Christopher] Nolan's evolution as one of the master filmmakers of our time ... combines the jaw-dropping action of The Dark Knight with the ingenious plotting of Memento.
1.0 You will no doubt need to see Inception more than once to appreciate every nuance of Nolan's carefully balanced ambiguities - but, more importantly, you will also want to.
1.0 Mind-bending and time-twisting, it's the most exciting thrill-ride of the summer.
1.0 The visuals, with their sweeping grey-blue Gotham-like cityscapes and preference for real-life stunts over computer trickery, are jaw-past-yer-knees outstanding.
0.8 A film erupting with ideas, ambition and intelligence, one that credits the viewer with the capacity for some mental heavy lifting.
1.0 It is hugely impressive that, given what was at stake, Nolan has managed to not only pull this out of the bag, but to absolutely nail it. The film is as all-encompassing as the concept of its title: grand, epic, smart and unforgettable.
1.0 With physics-defying, thunderous action, heart-wringing emotion and an astonishing performance from DiCaprio, Nolan delivers another true original: welcome to an undiscovered country.
0.95 Nolan's most personal and daring film, "Inception" contains some of Nolan's most innovative ideas since "Memento." It's also his most successful movie in terms of being able to fully realize every nuance of such a rich concept.
1.0 Inception could very well be Nolan's masterpiece.
0.9 Inception doesn't just dream bigger than most movies even dare, but it leaves the audience feeling inspired to do the same.
1.0 I expected a lot,but still walked out hypnotized. Here's a movie that's 3 steps ahead of you, on 4 different levels, at 5 blinding speeds. Best of 2010 thus far. (No Spoilers)
1.0 A wildly entertaining and dazzling mind-trip not to be missed. Kubrick would have been proud.
1.0 Inception is a masterpiece. Making a huge film with big ambitions, Christopher Nolan never missteps and manages to create a movie that, at times, feels like a miracle.
0.625 We asked for more, and we got it. But maybe two is enough.
0.75 Better than the first perhaps because the cultural references are tied more organically to the emotional state of their characters. Or perhaps it's because "The Trip to Italy" is just funnier, tighter, and more focused.
0.75 Comedy sequel The Trip to Italy is almost exactly like its predecessor The Trip, and for the most part, that's a good thing.
0.7 an expanded traveling road show of goofy My Dinner with Andre moments without the pretension of hardcore art-house approach
0.875 Is it inappropriate to laugh in the presence of a petrified victim of the volcanic eruption at Pompeii, even if that 'presence' is footage on a movie screen? If you think the answer is 'Yes,' then please avoid 'The Trip to Italy.'
0.9 A sadder, more penetrating - yet still very funny - work that may linger in the mind longer than The Trip.
0.75 "The Trip to Italy" does feel kind of like a second helping of pasta - just as tasty as the first, but not quite as necessary.
0.7 Leisurely and sublimely sybaritic, filled with irrepressibly clever repartee
0.6 By the time Coogan is addressing Brydon as Yorick in a skull-filled catacomb outside Naples, the film's true subject has been made as crystal clear as the case surrounding a lava-crusted corpse in old Pompeii.
0.8 In a summer full of sequels, who would have thought one of the best ones would feature two British comedians having even more conversations over dinner?
0.75 The Trip to Italy doesn't feel entirely new, but there's comfort in familiarity, too.
0.7 The script's guideposts are tighter, and both men are even more on their game.
0.875 If "The Trip to Italy" begins shakily, it ends with expansive bliss ...
0.75 If you laughed at Coogan and Brydon's (sometimes astonishing) mimicry in "The Trip," you'll smile again. If not, you probably won't go out of your way to find the sequel.
0.7 The Trip to Italy will rekindle an appreciation for that special friend (or friends) with whom you can always be yourself, who knows how to make you laugh, who accepts you without judgment and without fail.
0.25 As we watch, the thought keeps returning, over and over: Why watch these people? What's the point? Film anybody's trip to Italy, and it would be more interesting than this, or at least equally boring.
0.875 With Winterbottom's first-ever sequel, his "Trip" films now rival &#65279;Linklater's "Before" series in charting how a twosome evolves over time. Plus, they're bloody hilarious.
0.875 Some second courses are delicious, others an acquired taste. This pasta-filled follow-up to "The Trip" is a little of both.
0.8 Ever been on a trip with absurdly witty people who constantly one-up each other, to the point that it's either hilarious or exhausting?
0.5 ...a stale rehash of its demonstrably superior predecessor...
0.85 While the conceit of Michael Winterbottom's The Trip to Italy is basically a carbon copy of 2010's The Trip, this follow up is no less winning and is actually more charming than its predecessor.
0.625 A virtual duplication of the original Trip experience.
0.875 If Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon were even 7 percent less amusing, "The Trip to Italy" would have no reason to exist, even with its casually gorgeous scenery and shattering close-ups of seafood pasta fresh out of the kitchen.
0.5 In The Trip to Italy, it feels as if they're simply doing a routine, and it's the same shtick we've already seen.
0.75 While Rick Steves possesses an extensive amount of useful information, he may have some competition if Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon ever start compiling travel guides.
0.7 Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are reinvesting the so-called buddy comedy with the concept that, sometimes, friendship is not enough.
0.75 It's a skimpy premise for a movie, but it works because the two men are just so darned funny.
0.8 I'd follow these guys "'round the horn" in a second. Maybe that's where they'll head next time.
0.6 The Trip to Italy ... presents less a narrative than a series of dinnertime conversations between fictionalized versions of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon.
0.75 Yes, these friends play rough and you wouldn't want to compete at their table, but through Winterbottom's funny and slyly serious film, you can experience their creativity from a seat nearby.
0.75 The funniest bits are when the mimicry and the insults converge.
0.5 The celebrity mimicry and the shouted jokes still can't conceal how stale around the edges the concept is getting.
0.75 The pair bicker cheekily and needle each other in clever, amusing ways. At their best, they have almost a syncopated rhythm to their comical sparring.
0.8 More very funny impersonations from Rob Brydon and Steve Coogan.
0.7 The Trip to Italy's total lack of necessity has little bearing on its enjoyability.
0.75 The result is delectable, in spite of Mr. Coogan's self-conscious misgivings-meta-commentary on the film itself, one imagines-about repeating the trip.
0.6 Coogan and Brydon make terrific companions for us partially because, at least as they appear onscreen, they're so amusingly incompatible themselves.
0.7 The Trip To Italy ends abruptly, but for almost two distinctly pleasurable hours, the film lets audiences be third parties in Coogan and Brydon's dinner conversation.
0.875 If you go in for allusive British humor that builds slowly from dry to uproarious, as executed by two absolute masters of the form, "The Trip To Italy" will work for you, I believe.
0.625 As the film moseyed on I wished director Michael Winterbottom would sharpen his focus a bit and get to the point, any point.
0.8 As enjoyable as the first movie was, its follow-up successfully evolves that formula into an equally enjoyable film.
0.875 After all their decades of comical sparring, Rob Brydon FINALLY makes Steve Coogan crack up on camera
0.9 The Trip To Italy is a near-perfect sequel once again filled with delectable treats, non-stop laughter, and a slew of impressions that almost outshine the gorgeous plates of 5-Star Italian delicacies.
0.625 Michael Winterbottom and his gifted actors still haven't quite solved the riddle of portraying social disconnection in a manner that's anything other than sporadically involving.
0.7 The whole thing is a thin and flimsy travelogue but the banter between the pair makes it better and far funnier than it has any right to be.
0.8 I could watch Brydon and Coogan read the phone book, because they'd make it funny. In fact, watching them eat and riff is not far removed from reading a phone book; and it is very, very funny. A total delight from start to finish.
0.6 But the chief pleasure lies once again in the free-flowing and largely improvised chitchat between Rob and Steve, little sketches and impersonations, riffs built on the latest fads and fashionable cliches.
0.5 One would have hoped for a fresher menu of gags, situations and conversation topics...A likeable travelogue with some lovely scenery, it's pleasant time-killing stuff.
0.6 It's still a distinct pleasure watching banter between comedic actors this good.
0.6 While Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are fun and draw some solid laughs from the limitations of the premise, this particular trip is still baggy and self-indulgent.
0.5 There is no denying Coogan and Brydon's comedic chemistry; their impersonations are humorous (especially their elongated bit about The Dark Knight Rises and Tom Hardy), but that alone cannot carry an entire narrative.
0.9 The Trip to Italy is just an assault of laughs...
0.7 Rob Brydon surprises in the best way possible and proves to be the x-factor that makes this Trip to Italy that bit different and more interesting than the first.
0.875 British comedians and dueling partners Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are back in this witty and incisive follow-up to "The Trip."
1.0 The Trip to Italy is a hilarious romp through the Italian countryside.
0.8 We know the recipe now-Winterbottom never departs from it, giving this installment slightly less kick-but the guys have curious appetites they barely understand.
0.8 Coogan and Brydon are endlessly entertaining. Watching these two have a go at each other is a pleasure.
0.6 Their improvisation has been honed to the point where the jokes land solidly without losing naturalism and the pair of them are clearly enjoying la dolce vita ...
0.8 a subtle, understated study of a complex individual.
0.6 Visualmente insosso (o jogo entre P&B e cor parece apenas querer chamar a atencao), o filme empalidece tematicamente diante de Kinsey e nao retrata Page de maneira particularmente interessante, apesar da otima performance de Mol.
0.75 Refreshingly, Mol doesn't play Page as a dumb bunny but as someone who discovered that narrow middle ground between sweetness and sexiness.
1.0 Watching Mol in action in the title role, it's impossible to imagine anyone else in the part.
0.6 A small, strangely sweet tale well told. But this is all about Mol, who puts in a performance that gives her a very early lead on next year's Oscar race.
0.6 Mary Harron's Bettie Page biopic is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by Gretchen Mol, but it's also frustratingly vague and never gets beneath the surface.
0.4 Harron is not judgemental in her approach, which allows Bettie's sweet nature to shine through. However, there's a nagging dissatisfaction that comes from being too detached from her subject.
0.5 Turns out to be a movie with little to remember despite the precise craft and efforts of its creators. It's as if they worked hard for nothing.
0.625 ...reminds us that there was a time when a smiling woman in a jungle-striped bikini frolicking with tigers was more threatening to some folks than an imminent communist threat.
0.81 ...there is a whiff of embalming fluid about the production ; too much of it seems like an incredible re-creation of the lost and gone forever.
0.4 In Mary Harron's film biography of the nude and naughty pin-up girl, Notorious is synonymous with 'joyless.'
0.75 Shots of the later-in-life Bettie dressing for a day of street evangelizing remind us that standard woman's fashions can be as binding as Irving Klaw's getups.
0.625 It's sort of baffling that The Notorious Bettie Page turns out to be almost boring -- especially when you consider the talent involved.
0.8 The movie is lightheartedly thoughtful.
0.6 We exit with too clear a sense of the filmmakers' flaws, but Mol's nuanced character triumphs and can firmly situate itself in the milieu of Bettie Page.
0.625 A cardboard portrayal that acknowledges Page's reputed braininess, yet argues that she didn't understand the implications of her sultry photographs.
0.75 We can't always be sure what's archival and what's simulated because sometimes the filmmakers are trying to fool us. But their preoccupation with the manufacture of images keeps this exercise in exposure and concealment interesting.
0.6 ... a splendid visual treat ...
0.5 Disappointingly skin-deep and almost shockingly wholesome.
0.875 Mol's guile-free performance captures what seems to be the essence of Bettie Page, that of a woman who could turn dirty pictures into good clean fun.
0.75 About a time when taking off one's clothes for a camera was notorious. We can't go back there, but this is an enjoyable, uncritical visit.
0.5 The film is a superficial biographical drama that reveals next to nothing new about its subject.
0.4 It isn't a bad film, but it isn't a good film, either. Basically, it's a movie that doesn't have a good reason for having been made.
0.625 Harron should have stuck with black and white and filled in her story with more shades of gray.
0.625 It's a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest.
0.75 The character's lack of dimension rarely hampers the frisky retro fun.
0.625 This listless biopic of the famed 1950s model is as timid and tame as her photos seem today.
0.625 ... it doesn't bring us any closer to understanding Page's life, or the origins of the multi-billion dollar porn industry.
0.625 To attempt to re-create this is a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest.
0.5 Less an expose than a wide-angle exposure of Gretchen Mol, who would measure up as a calendar girl in any decade.
1.0 This film puts us in Bettie's heart where she wants us, not in her pants as she had been dismissed.
0.8 Gretchen Mol is amazing as Bettie.
0.625 Feels like a rough draft in which one element -- Mol's performance -- stands out as the real thing.
0.875 Mol and Harron neither put her down nor hoist her up. Rather than breaking Bettie Page into voyeuristic parts, they leave her mysteriously complete.
0.625 Mol is a delight as the saucy brunette, a God-fearing innocent seemingly oblivious to the use of those lascivious pinup photographs for which she so cheerfully posed.
0.75 Astute -- even frisky -- as it is, Notorious Bettie Page never shakes being enamored of the mystery of Page.
0.625 It's a handsome, often funny piece of work with a nearly fatal inability to settle on a tone.
0.5 The movie covers a lot of territory, but feels like a thin story with nothing substantial to grasp onto. Yes it's sexy at times, but it's still boring.
0.25 Doesn't give us any more insight into her life than the voiceless, glossy photos we have seen time and time again.
0.75 It does a bang-up job of illuminating why many a contemporary pop icon and, online, a whole new generation of men have taken to Bettie.
0.625 A lively film that is disappointing because it so clearly has the raw materials to be much, much better.
0.875 The tone of the movie is subdued and reflective. It does not defend pornography, but regards it (in its 1950s incarnation) with subdued nostalgia for a more innocent time.
0.5 There are interesting parallels between the hemmed-in culture of America's paranoid postwar years and the enforced restraint and caged sexuality of the fetish photos that flourished at the time, but they go unexplored.
0.7 Beyond the physical resemblance the filmmakers managed to give her, Mol gives a truly breakout performance here.
0.5 Although Page is described as the model who shocked the nation, "The Notorious Bettie Page" is notable only for how very unshocking it is.
0.625 Bettie Page more closely resembles a TV movie than a probing feature.
0.5 Harron and Turner toy with an underdeveloped theme involving Page's efforts to reconcile shame-based religious teachings and her belief that God made the nude body and invested it with an inherent spark of the divine.
0.625 Because its interest is in Page as an inadvertent erotic icon, Harron's movie plays more like a gentle conceptual satire on all-American 1950s hypocrisy than an attempt to probe the person herself.
0.625 The Notorious Bettie Page is about the mundane but living humanity behind the pictures, the regular person behind a decade's fantasies.
0.5 Harron and her co-screenwriter Guinevere Turner chart Page's ascension as reigning diva of decadence with the sort of historic expansiveness usually reserved for dead presidents and Nobel winners.
0.7 There's something enchanted about the way this film presents Page, as if her innocence were a protective bubble that carried her through her life. It's a terrific movie.
0.625 The movie never seems to make up its mind but, far worse, it never quite gets inside Betty's.
0.75 Page [is] played as if on a mission by Gretchen Mol.
0.5 Except for its wonderfully nostalgic look, which painstakingly evokes memories of '50s movies, and Mol's sunny disposition, Bettie Page doesn't amount to much.
0.5 The chance for a great film has been lost in favor of an okay film with great moments.
0.4 As lightweight as a silk negligee, Mary Harron's homage ... never fully convinces that the model was more than a '50 pop culture footnote.
0.5 Perhaps its biggest crime is that it has succeeded at being what Bettie Page never was: forgettable.
0.4 The new film captures the look of the period and, in star Gretchen Mol, has an actress who capably counterfeits Page's exuberance. What it doesn't have is a reason for being.
0.7 Mary Harron's exuberant biographical film stars Gretchen Mol as the 1950's pinup queen Bettie Page.
0.4 Bettie seems nice enough, and we don't actually get any insight into either her or her times, that is except that porn was far tamer back then then it is now.
0.65 It's very possible that the subject just doesn't deserve a biopic, that quite possibly Bettie Page's impact on the popular culture is more interesting than how she made that impact.
0.625 More clever than insightful, [but] Harron makes the most of that humorously earnest style ripped from the pin-up pages.
0.85 Gretchen Mol gives a career-defining performance as the '50s pin-up model
0.75 A delightful movie.
0.7 If you could give an Oscar for radiating joy while clad in knee-high, spiky leather boots and a corset, Gretchen Mol deserves it.
0.75 Director Mary Harron chooses the path of least resistance while keeping it playful and provocative.
0.625 Resisting the conventions of the traditional biopic at every turn, The Notorious Bettie Page never finds its footing as a story.
0.8 It's not too often that an otherwise characterless movie comes along that captivates by the sheer power and personality of a single performance.
0.75 Style-wise the film's a winner.
0.75 [Mol] delivers the first performance by an actress this year that deserves serious Oscar consideration.
0.625 The movie's exploration of its supposedly sleazy milieu from a distinctively female point of view is invigorating, and the recreations of the period ... are a retro-kick.
0.75 Director Harron refrains from moralizing (against very soft-core but sometimes kink-oriented porn) or making political statements (supporting First Amendment rights), but her treatment of Page herself is decidedly affectionate.
0.4 No doubt, there's more to Bettie Page than meets the eye, but you wouldn't know it from this affectless, pointless movie.
1.0 Tells the fascinating tale of a world-renowned sex-kitten, and it does so with copious doses of heart, wit, beauty, and a palpable sense of respect.
1.0 One of the greatest films of post-WWII Hollywood.
1.0 All About Eve is not only a brilliant and clever portrait of an actress, it is a downright funny film, from its opening scene to the final fadeout.
1.0 Joseph L Mankiewicz's film dissects the narcissism and hypocrisy of the spotlight as sharply as [Billy Wilder's Sunset Blvd], but pays equal attention to the challenges of enacting womanhood.
1.0 A classic movie, whose qualities remind us that there once was a Hollywood where such sophisticated treats could be made.
0.7 All About Eve is deliciously fun to watch with characters playing versions of themselves (most noticeably Bette Davis) and being quite introspective for its day.
1.0 Bette Davis is fabulous in this role.
1.0 Mankiewicz's inside knowledge of show business and its particular personality types gives the film an authenticity and allows for its famously devastating acid wit. [Blu-ray]
1.0 In our celebrity-obsessed culture, it's possible that All About Eve is more important than ever. Scratch that. How about it's more entertaining than ever?
1.0 Classic movie about an ambitious woman.
1.0 Sanders...was ideally cast in this role: you can feel in Addison's every word the world-weariness of the actor who would eventually commit suicide at age 65...
1.0 Put simply, one of the greatest movies ever made.
1.0 Here is a real Christmas treat: a restored version of Joseph L Mankiewicz's jet-black 1950 comedy about Margo Channing, elegant leading lady of the theatre, superbly played by Bette Davis.
0.8 A total joy.
1.0 One of Hollywood's finest backstage dramas. If nothing else Davis should have been rewarded for services to the tobacco industry.
1.0 Apart from the monochrome photography, all that dates the film is the chain-smoking and the fact that these are theatre folk rather than movie stars (frequent in-jokes about the low art of Hollywood pepper the script).
1.0 For old-school Hollywood movie-making at its most polished, literate and sophisticated there is really nothing to match it.
1.0 Intelligent script ... mesmerizing performances
1.0 Amazing performances top the list of positive qualities in Joseph L Mankiewicz' All About Eve.
0.8 Forget Foreman vs. Ali, this is Baxter vs. Davis in one of Hollywood's greatest showdowns.
1.0 Poucos roteiros, em toda a Historia do Cinema, conseguiram reunir tantos dialogos memoraveis.
1.0 Outstanding Mankiewicz film with the perfect cast.
1.0 My all-time favorite film.
1.0 A motion picture that, because of its priceless dialogue and unforgettable lead performance, will never lose its luster.
0.9 With a towering, self-mocking performance by Ms. Davis...the satire remains as entertaining today, and as relevant, as ever before.
0.8 Boffo look at the backstabbing backstage world of Broadway
1.0 One of the best send-ups of the inside back-stabbing and infighting that goes on in Hollywood ever put to film.
1.0 It's about the glory of acting.
0.9 All About Eve is a film that you see completely differently once you know what's going to happen.
0.91 While its attitudes toward women are dated, its wit and perceptiveness are as fresh today as they were in 1950.
1.0 The screenplay... may be the most biting example of hard-boiled wit ever to come out of Hollywood, and it is stylishly performed at a breakneck pace by a uniformly expert cast.
1.0 The film is filled with a nice dark humor that is rare for the I-Like-Ike decade of filmmaking.
0.875 Just as Rirkrit Tiravanija had done in the '90s when he converted New York City galleries into live kitchens, he changes one's relation to a movie theater to a space for meditation.
0.7 [It] rewards concentration once you adjust to its glacial pace and its radically minimalist aesthetic.
0.7 The film manages to transcend these cliches to create something that is original and innovative enough to warrant a watch even for veterans of the genre.
0.7 A rousing crowd pleaser about an underdog track team that can proudly takes its place among these other fine sports films.
0.75 McFarland, USA may not take us anywhere new but it gets us to the finish line with know-how and an aim to please.
0.9 The first great film of 2015. Kevin Costner knows his way around this kind of story and is wonderful. Inspiring.
1.0 Kevin Costner has never been more endearing than in this outing as a devoted mentor and family man.
0.72 It will make you want to sign up for a 5K immediately after...hopefully you have the endurance to finish. Or Bull Durham as your coach...
0.7 It hits all the predictable moments one might expect, but the solid acting jobs and incredible true story make "McFarland, USA" a credible sports movie that will certainly brighten your spirits.
0.7 Scrappy and stirring, it's a feel-good, underdog sports story.
0.7 Costner may be the star, but the high school athletes also shine. After all, this "based-on-a-true-story" movie is their story, too.
0.75 A fine family drama that's as much about shattering racial stereotypes and presenting a positive image of immigrant life as it is about Kevin Costner's coach.
0.75 Initially Costner's coach is all about ego; he may even be using the boys to land a cushy new job. And it's this unsportsmanlike conduct that makes this one of the more memorable recent sports movies.
0.875 Kevin Costner is suddenly the go-to star for tackling the country's thorniest problems on screen.
0.875 Kevin Costner never steals the spotlight from the characters who play his cross-country team in this heartwarming, character-driven film.
0.8 A "Hispanic 'Hoosiers'", and I mean that with all due respect, "McFarland, USA" is an uplifting film that hits the right notes
0.6 The latest in a long line of condescendingly inspirational sports movies about a catalog Caucasian who learns that people of other races are also capable of being decent.
0.5 What could be an inspirational teacher-student, coach-player story keeps playing the race card of simple non-whites not being able to see their own way to prosperity without a guiding white light, who in turn learns from their unsophisticated purity.
0.6 In ways large and small, McFarland USA recognizes the problems inherent in the "white savior" premise and does what it can to address them, to surprisingly affecting ends.
0.65 McFarland, USA is a refreshingly optimistic look at how Latino-American and classic WASP culture can come to a rapprochement ... it is also hamstrung by the great curse of the inspirational sports film, prioritizing its message above its story
0.75 McFarland, USA, its leading man Costner and the seven novice actors who play the story's cross-country team run their feel-good story to the finish line in inspirational style.
0.5 Despite being too long and with a totally bogus Hollywood backstory that diminishes its credibility, this is a heartwarming tale that captures the hard life of Hispanic farmworkers in California's San Joaquin Valley and Coach Jim White's amazing success.
0.625 You'll root for these underdogs, all right, but hopefully for deeper reasons than just winning races and leaving those jerk opponents in their dust.
0.6 McFarland still pleases on the strength of good supporting work (especially Pratts) and its vivid sense of place. Costner really does anchor the film, however, with quiet, dignified work.
0.625 Inspiration is for sale in here. And though more than a spoonful of sugar is slathered over the fact-based script, the movie delivers as promised on the thrill of the race and the lump in the throat.
0.6 McFarland, USA is by-the-numbers underdogs sport fare, but good direction and performances make it a respectable addition to the genre.
0.375 From the onset, Costner plays his incorrigible character less like a modern Gary Cooper and more like a new Archie Bunker.
0.625 McFarland, USA is a sports movie that doesn't know what to do with the sport that serves as its focus.
0.8 Like the runners depicted in this heartfelt sports drama, the movie itself stands out and races past other similar fare.
0.75 The quintessential Disney feel good formula picture, so just let your heart take you away
0.75 The movie can risk being patronizing, at times. And boy, is it manipulative. But all art is manipulative, in some way. And maybe being manipulated to have a little hope isn't such a bad thing after all.
0.5 It's all a bit much.
0.75 There are good things to say about the inspirational Disney sports film McFarland, USA, starting with its up-from-the-scrap-heap story, which happens to be true.
0.7 McFarland, USA quickly elevates above convention into a drama that will pull your heartstrings. It is a stunningly well crafted and inspirational film.
0.6 It's a true and simple story unencumbered by side plots, and with every character -- major and minor -- fitting neatly into place.
0.75 It took a village of fine performers to depict this close-knit town. And the list is too long to give a shoutout to everyone.
0.6 The actors who play the young runners are a mixed bag of Hollywood unknowns and actual McFarland locals, all of whom are engaging.
0.5 As it is, it's an underdog story that follows the obvious track, though it should get there just fine if you're pulling for it.
0.75 McFarland USA has a distinction in that it's the rare sports movie directed by a woman. Caro's perspective is invaluable to the film's trajectory.
0.75 If you've seen the trailers, you know just how saccharine and sentimental it looks like it could be, but despite being made by Disney and being rated PG, this feel-good sports movie feels surprisingly good.
0.75 This culture-clash drama delivers an honest, moving story about the power individuals and communities can gain when defying expectations.
0.375 Kevin Costner's signature knack for sports movies does little to buoy a stilted culture-clash dynamic.
0.75 The lovely McFarland, USA hits the expected mile markers on the inspirational-sports-movie path while slowing down enough to craft a rich portrait of a place and its inhabitants.
0.625 Based on the true story of a fledgling high school cross country team from an economically depressed Latino community, McFarland neatly delivers an uncomplicated, heartwarming message.
0.64 McFarland, USA is the Million Dollar Arm of 2015: a sweet, family-friendly film that briefly tackles some important topics of race and class in America without trying too messily to give up formula and cause too much commotion.
0.6 McFarland, USA may be chock-full of inspirational sports-film cliches, but through sheer force of will (and a fine turn from Costner), it makes it to the finish line with wit and wisdom intact.
0.625 Manipulative? Sure. Inspirational? It's all part of the formula.
0.7 actually tugs at your heartstrings - if only a bit
0.5 You've seen feel-good football and baseball movies, plus great underdog stories of boxing, basketball, soccer and cycling. So what's left?
0.4 "McFarland, USA" invokes an old sports movie trope: the inspiring coach and his noble, suffering team. But the good intentions can't help it sprint past cliche.
0.7 It's no classic, but it's one of the better entries in the multicultural inspirational sports movie genre
0.75 It demonstrates that there's a reason Hollywood keeps turning out these inspirational sports movies: Because they work.
0.7 Caro's direction, Costner's performance and the winning cast, along with the shining of a sliver of light on the plight of field workers, however thin that sliver may be, combine to make "McFarland" a much better movie than it has any right to be.
0.75 "McFarland, USA" could have been a sentimental film, but it's not, because Caro and the screenwriters bothered to know what that they were talking about.
0.75 Based on the lives of several cross-country runners whose success story began in 1987, the script is crowded with scenes that ring true and rarely stray into conventional exposition.
0.75 The premise may sound obvious and potentially forced, but it comes off as authentic.
0.75 A less talented and more shameless director might've turned it into cornmeal mush, but Niki Caro ("Whale Rider") has delivered unto the Disney corporation a Kevin Costner sports movie that works.
0.9 Costner nails his role as Coach in this inspiring family film.
0.75 Better than you might think, thanks to strong work from Costner and a cast of fresh faces.
0.75 Inspiring, authentic proof that a legacy and a family have to start somewhere.
0.875 Kevin Costner reaches a welcome career high in this new movie, a live-action based-on-a-true-story inspirational tale of school sports, produced by Disney.
0.6 The fact that it's based on a true story makes the formula easy to swallow - and a mid-credits coda featuring the actual men at the heart of the story was one of many nice touches.
0.5 McFarland, USA is well-intentioned and largely inoffensive, but as any coach knows, good intentions aren't enough to go the distance.
0.5 Given the film's Disney stamp, you can see the feel-good coming a mile away, though the plot's never fleshed out enough to really distinguish it within the underdog-team genre.
0.5 If there's a general air of emotional authenticity woven throughout all this garden-variety, faith-in-family hokum, it's in the racing scenes.
0.4 Any filmmaker sufficiently engaged would have noticed that Maria Bello, as his alternately nagging/supportive wife, was seizing upon every last inch of a nothing role and given her something, anything to do.
0.625 Feel-good sports movies are all manipulative, but damned if Costner doesn't make this work.
0.4 McFarland, USA abides too closely to the paradigm of Disney sports dramas, becoming schmaltzy when it yearns to be inspiring.
0.6 The real underdog story is how this by-the-numbers film about cross-cultural friendship, tenacity and strong work managed to go the distance without my rolling my eyes too heavily. Coach Blanco did all right.
1.0 An exciting sports film that also stands as an emotionally rich depiction of community, sharing, and generosity.
0.8 Poignant story about Latino runners a winner for families.
0.7 McFarland, USA is basically the movie you expect it to be, with the caveat that it's a pretty good variation of said movie.
0.8 A feel-good movie that earns all those good feelings, "McFarland, USA" might be running on a predetermined track, but the heart it shows along the journey is what makes it a winner.
0.8 The Great Magician is an undeniably charming and whimsical Chinese fantasy that captures your imagination with little effort.
0.4 Watch this and you'll wonder why Hollywood persists with haunted house horrors when they've literally been done to death. Perhaps setting one in a rip-off bank would give us some much needed change.
0.4 Not a truly terrible film, just completely underwhelming and anonymous.
0.4 Obtuse characters, flimsy narrative and an over-reliance on horror cliches.
0.1 Much like Toni Morrison's acclaimed novel Beloved, this horror film explores the legacy of slavery and -- just kidding.
0.5 The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a good time killer and perfect for a rainy day inside
0.5 The Haunting In Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is just as tired a haunting film as its predecessor, failing to signify itself as a uniquely entertaining horror experience.
0.2 Ultimately nothing more than a decrepit vehicle for the moldiest of scary-movie cliches: screechy specters, inane character behavior and jump scares that a toddler could anticipate minutes ahead of time.
0.4 Credibly acted and hardly much worse than the original, but just as bereft of atmosphere and by-the-numbers.
0.5 An hour of miscellaneous visions that will make more sense once Act II lurches to a close and we finally get to the good stuff.
0.4 The filmmakers trot out slavery as a general sins-of-the-past signifier and then have no idea what to really do with such a painful real-world issue.
1.0 Well up to the brothers' usual high standards.
0.9 Everyone who has the capacity for abstract thought, raise your hands . . . and take this Coen brothers' journey.
0.75 Even with its mock-pretentious parallelism to The Odyssey...O Brother, Where Art Thou? refuses to take itself seriously, which is both its principal failing and its charm. [Blu-ray]
0.8 Teens might enjoy this offbeat Odyssey adaptation.
0.8 May not be the funniest or wackiest movie from Joel and Ethan Coen, but it is easily their most ambitious work to date.
0.625 This lightly engaging trifle could have been more fun with a greater helping of the Coens' antic spirit.
0.6 The ferociously one-dimensional characters here make this muddy ramble more of a guilty pleasure than a success.
0.625 It's not up there with Lebowski, but its still a darn good tale.
0.5 The Coen's tale of three escaped convicts has more to do with Homer the Simpson than Homer the poet.
0.71 its tongue-in-cheek humor effortlessly gives way to poignant drama and period musical pieces throughout.
0.9 O Brother, Where Art Thou? is amazing.
0.9 It's an odd, charming movie, not for everyone, but definitely for Coen acolytes. A great adaptation. And buy the soundtrack.
0.625 As a big-budget film from two of our great contemporary social satirists, it falls short.
1.0 The Coen brothers have once again outdone themselves.
1.0 Though the movie occasionally over-reaches for jokes, in the end it redeems itself with originality and style -- admittedly, a style that will not appeal to some mainstream tastes.
0.5 I'll be darned. The Coen brothers, which many cinephiles (myself included) like to call the most exciting working American filmmakers, have just made a bad movie.
0.2 Amusing as it is, however, 'Brother' rarely achieves the same hilarious heights as previous Coen laughers.
0.75 A second viewing sure does help, but it's still one of the lesser Coen projects.
1.0 Thoroughly enjoyable.
0.9 One of the best films of the year.
0.8 Light, slight, stream-of-consciousness never looked so good to me.
0.7 Yes, it's very stylised and mannered, it tries far too hard to be funny, and it's still rather beguiling. It's also just a bit to odd to really work.
1.0 Rated F, for Funny as all get out.
0.9 A joyous mixture of the absurd and the sublime.
0.8 ...an old-timey, feel-good movie, which in the tradition of the screen's best screwball comedies makes no apologies for its silliness.
0.75 It is so amiable, so easy going and there is such a nice pace to it that you will find yourself under its spell in no time.
0.75 Clooney muestra una faceta diferente a la que nos tiene acostumbrados, desarrollando una personalidad comica que le puede rendir buenos frutos en el futuro
0.75 The Coens manage to maintain a genial, slapstick tone that coats the ridiculous plot devices and outrageous characters and makes them just slick enough to swallow.
1.0 Visually arresting, cryptic and, depending on your level of Coen fandom, either wildly enjoyable or too clever by half.
0.4 Despite moments of brilliance and an incredible musical score, the film's lackluster pace and questionable storyline are liable to leave you thinking, well, "Oh, brother!"
0.9 It's a sprawling film and the comic tone matches Joel and Ethan's broad, comic brushstrokes to a T.
0.7 George Clooney is the man.
0.88 A joyous and humanistic slapstick throwback, anchored by George Clooney's goddamn bona fide performance in his Ulyssean role.
0.875 Bizarre, funny, surprising.
1.0 It's a wild, whacked-out wonder.
0.875 A dense, episodic, meandering tale that finds humor in every scene.
0.25 Leaves a sour taste.
0.875 Praiseworthy.
1.0 Packed with all the warped fun filmgoers expect from the Coens.
0.75 Joyously unhinged and outrageously inventive.
0.625 I had the sense of invention set adrift; of a series of bright ideas wondering why they had all been invited to the same film.
0.8 As a Coen brothers fan I hate to say this, but the movie's a collection of great bits and pieces rather than a complete work.
0.9 It's a new new thing, classic myth from both literature and the movies, commingled, set to great folk music, and untrammeled by any sense of predictability, urgency, realism or believability but hypnotic, graceful and seductive.
1.0 The funniest, most inspired movie of Coen Brothers illustrious comedy careers.
0.875 A fine addition to the Coens' pantheon of eclectic, eccentric comedies.
0.75 The performances by George Clooney and Coen regulars like John Goodman and John Turturro are simply a delight.
0.8 Quite a charmer.
0.9 A rambunctious and inspired ride.
0.8 O Brother's music is more than pleasant background; it is a living presence, and with apologies to an excellent cast, just about the star of the picture.
0.64 For all its originality, O Brother doesn't seem to have a point, or enough spark to distract us from the lack thereof.
0.9 It makes you want to lift your voice and sing along, for the Coen Brothers have put it all together.
0.9 A handsome film, joyfully feting the movie fantasies of a bygone era.
0.8 The high points outweigh the low ... with particular praise for the wonderful selection of period and traditional music.
0.8 A solid middle effort with charm to spare.
0.625 The filmmakers' trademark quirkiness is in evidence, but it often feels forced and the comedic elements are inconsistent.
0.625 Beautifully filmed with carefully scripted dialogue, the production almost breaks out into cinema greatness.
0.8 This is a lighter story than many of the Coens' previous movies, which makes it easy to forgive the parts that don't work very well.
0.7 The whole comes out less than the sum of its parts.
1.0 Confidently cinematic in classical and modern terms, layered with subtleties but also a straight-ahead, crowd-pleasing comedy.
0.8 It's a joy to watch this movie as a whole.
0.8 All in all, a thoroughly eclectic and always entertaining mix.
0.7 Another original piece set forth by the Coen bros, who continue to charm us with their unique knack for poetic dialogue, quirky characters, musical melodies and eerily authentic looks at the days of old.
1.0 The photography in this film is among the most beautiful I've seen in years.
1.0 A rollicking collection of comic bits, Southern folklore, slapstick stunts, cinematic tributes, religious ritual, political satire, and depression era commentary.
1.0 This is a film, as enjoyable to listen to as it is to watch.
1.0 O Brother, Where Art Thou?" I'm glad that I found him.
1.0 There's no important message here, no contemporary re-working of an ancient classic. This, folks, is film-making that aims for nothing more profound than the funny bone. This, folks, in all its glory, is frivolous comedy.
0.7 The individual episodes are entertaining.
0.6 I settled in for something eccentrically referential and amusing. What I got was a boring mess.
0.6 This is a comedy in which I didn't laugh once nor did those around me.
0.5 There's a fundamental problem: a complete lack of humor. It's a comedy with no laughs.
0.625 Oh, brother!
0.6 Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
1.0 As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
0.8 The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
0.6 Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
0.7 I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
0.75 This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date. If he only had as much faith in his audience.
0.5 It's really kind of ironic. The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock. Once he's learned better, we don't get enough time with him because the author's decided it was time to go. Oh, well.
0.75 It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
0.9 If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
0.8 An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball. Highly recommended.
1.0 The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear. He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
0.875 Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
0.9 An awesome movie.
0.625 Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not fulfill its promise.
0.6 Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago. Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas extremidades que deixam muito a desejar.
0.875 One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
0.875 Cast Away isn't the first to recognize our modern need for primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished. It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
0.5 There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
0.6 Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
1.0 If I didn't know any better I'd say that this film was written in order for Tom Hanks to win yet another Academy Award. Yikes! He may pull it off.
0.6 Thank God there's no Friday.
0.75 I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
0.6 Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year. He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
0.7 ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball. And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
0.8 For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball. A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
0.875 A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
0.75 All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
0.75 Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
1.0 Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
0.75 it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
0.5 ...an odd and unbalanced undertaking that pays distinctive attention to the appropriate elements but then draws back at all the wrong moments...
0.8 Cast Away is a significant achievement of this, or any other, year.
1.0 This is one of those love it or hate its...I completely loved it. Even its unorthodox ending...I find Hanks mesmerizingly talented.
0.75 Hanks' sympathetic performance and Broyles's detailed script are above average and not a bad way to spend a few hours during the holidays.
0.75 This is a good film; if it had stuck to its guns, it could have become a cinema classic.
0.8 I felt like the real ending had been Cast Away.
0.84 ... fascinating, moving, full of meaning and well worth investing 143 minutes of your life.
0.8 Thoroughly absorbing.
0.5 While Hanks' performance is masterful in this tale of survival, the movie runs out of steam, and direction, at the end.
0.75 Cast Away amounts to little more than an unprecedented showcase for its star.
0.875 A moving and artful odyssey, a reminder that no matter how much we try to beat the clock, time will grind ever forward.
0.25 Zemeckis is a capable director, so despite the misguided concept, the movie is anything but inept.
0.5 As a FedEx troubleshooter who survives a plane crash, Hanks performs a bravura solo spin.
0.75 Tom Hanks does a superb job of carrying Cast Away all by himself for about two-thirds of its running time, but isn't much helped by additional characters in the opening and closing sequences.
1.0 First-rate.
0.8 At its best, Cast Away, like Titanic, awes us with its sheer oceanic sweep and its cosmic apprehension of human insignificance.
0.7 Add in Chuck's deteriorating hold on sanity -- evinced by the inspired conceit of his relationship with a volleyball on which he's drawn a face -- and you have a long middle section of bravura filmmaking.
0.9 You will not be bored for a second.
1.0 Is nothing less than the best movie of the year.
0.9 An unforgettable film.
0.8 Cast Away's finest moments consist of Hanks alone with his surroundings.
0.8 Director Robert Zemeckis and screenwriter William Broyles Jr. do a great job of keeping the cut-and-dried formula from, well, getting too cut and dried.
0.84 Hanks turns in an Oscar-worthy performance yet again.
0.6 A handsomely made, instructive but finally tedious blow-by-blow training film on island survival that it throws the entire venture out of balance, capsizing the enterprise and making it difficult to keep any kind of message afloat.
0.9 A model of restrained storytelling that's studded with a series of pure emotional peaks.
0.625 Pulls the audience in with sure-footed storytelling and a commendable performance by Hanks in a very demanding role.
1.0 A film brimming over-the-top with realism and features one of our most treasured (and likable) actors, Tom Hanks, in an incredible, virtually silent performance as a survivor.
0.8 One thing is bound to come out of Cast Away -- a deserved best actor nomination for Hanks.
1.0 Has all the hallmarks of a great motion picture: well-developed characters, solid drama, non-traditional adventure, and an intelligent script.
0.9 Unusual and remarkable.
0.5 It was the tail of the tale, the last 25 minutes, that left me marooned.
0.8 Can a movie that spends about 80% of its runtime alone on an island with one man actually not be boring? You bet.
1.0 A gung ho FedEx systems engineer stranded on a deserted island cultivates the spiritual practice of hope and learns to respect the mysteries of the present moment.
1.0 It's not just a movie -- it's an experience.
1.0 A cinematic triumph, a motion picture so rich with honest emotions and ideas that it comes as a relative surprise that this is a big-budget, star vehicle.
0.75 May ultimately underachieve, but the soul that Hanks brings to the role -- and the film -- must not be underrated.
0.875 It just so happens that Cast Away is one of the best films of the year.
0.6 [Transcendence] is more than just a big budget version of Siri Goes Wild.
0.4 At once both convoluted and shallow, something like a feature movie version of a Wired sidebar, and just about as fleet-footed.
0.5 Pfister seems afraid to recognize the humor inherent in a story that requires Johnny Depp to become a grim sort of Max Headroom...
0.2 It is not only a bad film, it is a rather boring film.
0.5 While Transcendence starts out with a fascinating premise, it loses its way pretty quickly by turning into a sappy and ultimately silly film that isn't able to capitalize on the lofty ideas contained within.
0.6 Parece nao fazer a menor ideia acerca das ideias que pretende defender, dos conceitos que quer apresentar ou mesmo da natureza de seus proprios personagens.
0.4 "'Transcendence' winds up being in the position of being the first - but certainly not the last - big disappointment of the 2014 Summer Movie Season."
0.4 Transcendence neither thrills nor illuminates. In fact in many respects it is downright cowardly in its failure to pursue its many themes, with threads of ideas never woven into a whole.
0.4 Here's yet another example of a high-concept mega-movie that appears to have gone into production a draft or two too early.
0.7 It is streets ahead of most of what we get that is labeled science fiction. It's intelligent. It explains its premise -- within reason. Its dialogue isn't chuckleheaded.
0.5 With a script as loopy as this one, it pays to cast intelligent-looking actors. They can delude you into feeling as if you're watching something interesting.
0.7 With actors this good, we'll go almost anywhere, even unto that silliness.
0.5 built on a set of intriguing moral and ethical conundrums involving our relationship with rapidly evolving computer technology, but it finds virtually no dramatic traction
0.6 A relatively entertaining way to upload your consciousness for 119 minutes.
0.375 What an empty and misguided movie this is.
0.4 A genuine artificial intelligence would've completely redesigned this film.
0.6 Anyone with a fondness for broad canvas, ideas-heavy sci-fi should ignore the negative scuttle and give Transcendence the benefit of the doubt.
0.85 ...no doubt there's an interesting movie to be plotted along [these] lines. But for all its pretension, Transcendence isn't it. It's just a big dumb popcorn muncher.
0.6 Far too slow-paced to work as a thriller and too shallow to properly challenge us as science fiction, this film is unlikely to please many audience members.
0.5 ...a misguided failure that hardly bodes well for Pfister's directorial career.
0.4 A lighter touch could have produced campy, B-movie pleasures from the material, but Pfister's solemn approach drains the fun from the film. And a miscast Depp, his star wattage surprisingly dimmed, fails to supply the missing spark.
0.2 Depp used to be the most reliable actor in Hollywood. Not anymore.
0.2 What should have been a brain in a vat just became a brain in a blender.
0.6 A giant third-act bellyflop isn't quite enough to spoil it totally.
0.4 An A-list cast and talented filmmaker are wasted on a B-Movie script with pretentions of prescience.
0.2 Unfortunately, it ends up playing like Max Headroom Conquers the Universe.
0.5 Despite boasting a seemingly ripe filmmaker working with proven actors, the result feels more like a bigger budgeted yet disappointing episode of The Outer Limits.
0.5 An intriguing concept that devolves into a somewhat silly adventure tale, 'Transcendence' is overly long and contrived.
0.6 As a thriller set in the genuinely fascinating world of Artificial Intelligence, it is a disappointment.
0.6 With this cast and these ideas, Transcendence is enjoyable but a missed opportunity.
0.4 Pfister should be applauded for making a non-franchise property with ideas and aspirations but Transcendence is nowhere near as grand as its title. Gleaming visuals aside, it's a disappointment.
0.25 Remember when paycheck-hungry actors were accused of phoning in a performance? Johnny Depp spins that for millennials in Transcendence by Skpying in his performance.
0.2 This is like a heavy-handed and humourless version of Spike Jonze's postmodern comedy Her, mulched in with the old sci-fi novel Donovan's Brain, about keeping someone's brain alive in a tank.
0.4 Transcendence is a sci-fi movie that should be daft fun but is, disappointedly, plodding and dull.
0.4 Pfister's experience shows in that the film is beautifully arranged; unfortunately, that's the best thing about it.
0.2 The only part of [Depp] still genuinely dynamic is his hair. I'm worried.
0.5 Transcendence borrows ideas from so many sci-fi sources it turns into a messy cinematic stew that fails to deliver its own unique flavor.&#8233;
0.2 The worst, most portentous, and certainly the silliest big-budget science fiction film since the 2008 Keanu Reeves remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
0.7 Look, I think it goes so over the top... There are so many twists and turns too. But, look, basically I think this is an entertainment.
0.5 The irony for Depp is that the better he is in the role the more thankless it becomes.
0.4 The strangest thing about Paglen's script is how out of step it feels with modern technology - it could have been lingering in a drawer since the mid-'90s, so outmoded is its tone.
0.5 Unfortunately, this excellent set-up is squandered in a miasma of truly, frustratingly obtuse plot holes and ludicrous gaps in logic.
0.4 A decade late and a dongle short.
0.48 The performances are fine, as one would expect with this cast, but the writing and sadly the directing in "Transcendence" lacked the vision or coherence necessary to make such a high-concept film fly.
0.3 'Transcendence' seems to be simultaneously making a case for and against technology, and while this level of ambiguity can be compelling in a good movie, in a lousy one it just winds up being frustrating.
0.5 When it's all over, you will turn on your iPhone and ask Siri to find you a good restaurant for a bite to eat near the theater. And you will have learned nothing.
0.4 Rebecca Hall['s] impersonation of grief and a crumbling psyche is by far the most film's most human aspect.
0.5 Transcendence aspires to be a philosophical rumination about the future of artificial intelligence, but it's really just an exercise in superficial intelligence.
0.39 A techno-thriller that systematically squanders an interesting concept. Overstuffed but underdeveloped, it mistakes serial incident for dramatic connection.
0.5 Depending on how the next few decades unfold, people will look back at Transcendence as either a prophetic or surreal piece of filmmaking.
0.6 The ending fails to pack an emotional punch. But Pfister and Paglen have come up with something unusual - a sci-fi blockbuster that's genuinely surprising.
0.6 It's a woefully imperfect movie, but it does look ahead to some brilliant concepts.
0.2 Muddled, simplistic, highly derivative thriller that's filled with techno-babble and turns out to be terminally boring.
0.75 Transcendence continually reaches for big ideas. It has a go-for-broke ambition that may mark it as ahead of its time.
0.5 Transcendence has some astounding cinematography, but it lacks a heartfelt performance from anyone in the cast. It's like a chunky puree of The Lawnmower Man, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and the ending to The World's End.
0.5 Johnny Depp proves he is no Her as his artificial-intelligence film fails to provoke thought or feeling.
0.7 ...an intelligent, complex movie about artificial intelligence that delves deep into some of the issues the overrated Her only touched on.
0.35 A downright boring motion picture that turns a pretty fun concept into nothing more than a progression of disjointed, academic plot points.
0.4 Dark, pretentious sci-fi thriller tackles big questions.
0.8 Transcendence is full of enough intriguing ideas about the future and humanity's relationship with technology to overlook some of the film's tonal and narrative hiccups.
0.75 In a way, the relatively balanced approach that Transcendence takes to its subject matter is the most interesting thing about it.
0.5 More than 40 years after 'Colossus: The Forbin Project,' they couldn't come up with something better than this?
0.4 They must've titled this movie with total irony, because Transcendence stumbles hard in its attempt to rise above.
0.4 A technology run amok flick about artificial intelligence that isn't intelligent -- artificial or otherwise.
0.6 For a movie looking to raise a clenched fist against technology, Transcendence feels more like a limp handshake with the devil.
0.5 What is an initially imaginative and thought-provoking concept, instead sings the same chorus of super technology as super evil we've seen many times before.
0.3 Depressingly inert. A sad waste of talent.
0.5 The whole of "Transcendence" feels more in tune with computers than it does with people. It has some intelligence of the artificial kind, but it could have used some heart.
0.875 Pfister proves to be as clever a storyteller as he is a painter of moving pictures.
0.5 Depp appears mostly from the waist-up on a computer screen, mumbling in a monotone voice that would lull a cup of coffee to sleep.
0.45 ...possesses a lot of the same handsome camera work that seamlessly melded with special-effects in Nolan's "Inception" for which Pfister won the Oscar. It is the story and in particular the film's closing act that lets the entire production down.
0.2 The Lawnmower Man, Max Headroom and Johnny Depp walk into a bar. They get drunk and decide to make a movie.
0.5 The directorial debut for ace cinematographer Wally Pfister is always watchable, but the narrative flaws and logical leaps sabotage sustained enjoyment. "Transcendence" looks and sounds like a Christopher Nolan film that got attacked by malware.
0.625 Soon the worlds of technology and humanity collide - super-medicine, super-intelligence, super-ecosystems, super-confusing!
0.625 Lost in the land of mind over matter, Transcendence is too much trance and not nearly enough dance.
0.75 Transcendence is a movie that sneaks up on you.
1.05 The heartbeat of "Transcendence" comes from solid performances in the leading roles.
0.625 A throwback to the fear-mongering science fiction of the past...the lab-bound likes of The Andromeda Strain and Demon Seed, circa the paranoid '70s.
0.5 Every idea with potential is raised in the first act of Transcendence, never to be heard from again.
0.3 "Transcendence" takes itself so seriously that it's absolutely no fun at all. And while the central concept is initially intriguing, it takes forever to go nowhere very interesting.
0.8 Bold, beautiful, sometimes confounding flight of futuristic speculation firmly rooted in the potential of today's technology.
0.6 It's the simple boy-girl connection between the popularly quirky Depp and the always lovely Hall that holds it all together.
0.625 Transcendence is a big-idea movie, the kind to cause spontaneous salivation in science-fiction fans. But big ideas don't always fit neatly onto the big screen.
0.5 Unfortunately, it takes more than grand concepts to make a movie and the lack of cinematic connective tissue is apparent in this poorly focused, meandering, and ultimately disappointing film.
0.625 Includes some genuine chemistry between Depp and Hall, which puts heart and soul into this machine.
0.5 Transcendence has hints of a richly complex story, but too often feels content just dumping the pieces of its puzzle out on the table without doing much assembly - or even making sure all the pieces are even there.
0.4 In his first film as director, acclaimed cinematographer Wally Pfister (The Dark Knight Rises, Inception) has made a movie that predictably looks good but has little substance beneath its shiny, digitally enhanced surface.
0.5 How can you tell a movie is the directorial debut of a renowned cinematographer? When everything's interesting to look at except the performances.
0.25 In his first, and likely last, outing as a director, cinematographer Wally Pfister delivers a garbled, dispiriting, pseudo-cerebral non-thriller.
0.6 While it dresses up its designs in fancy high tech speak and struggles to find a way to make its often distant and unexplained characters likeable, it's still just a routine genre take on the old "man playing God" concept.
0.7 A sci-fi thriller that is carried into our consciousness by Rebecca Hall's heartfelt and nuanced performance.
0.5 A far-fetched, futuristic snooze-fest that often defies its own logic. Characters' motivations are rarely clear, and allegiances shift with no explanation.
0.375 If you programmed an algorithm to figure out how The Lawnmower Man might be retold by Snake Plissken at the conclusion of Escape from L.A., you'd still wind up with a more recognizably human effort.
0.4 Transcendence wants to leave itself open to interpretation but it does so in the laziest way possible; by leaving every option on the table and forgetting that without choice there are no consequences and without consequence there is no meaning.
0.4 Transcendence wants [...] to comment meaningfully on our current interconnectedness and inorganic lifestyle, but it's screaming too much to have that conversation.
0.5 Transcendence can't quite decide what it wants to say about individualism and the Internet, or about true love between a woman and a digitally Xeroxed man.
0.1 Transcendence's main problem is that it feels like a film made by a computer -- it knows where all the beats and breaks of an action film have to go, but doesn't know why, exactly ...
0.125 Drags science fiction back to the Cold War era, if not the Stone Age.
0.25 Aside from a few scenes where he's walking around in a suit, Depp could have shot in his living room while instant-messaging his agent about the next Pirates of the Caribbean movie.
0.625 Even when ensconced in a traditional shoot-'em-up, the film still kicks around some heady ideas. If only there were some underlying momentum to energize such poetic, intellectual flourishes.
0.4 Transcendence can only muster a sloppy, dull, inept watch that refuses to present a single exciting idea about man's inevitable technological self-destruction - despite Wally Pfister's eye for visual beauty.
0.4 A bright idea, disappointingly dulled in the execution.
0.5 It isn't a terrible movie, just a frustrating one that is far from transcendent.
0.375 The real trouble with "Transcendence" is that it just isn't all that scary - at least not in the way that it wants to be.
0.5 "Transcendence" is an ambitious movie, but ultimately there's too much "artificial" and not enough "intelligence."
0.625 It's fine to want to explore and just sort of kick ideas around. Too often, though, the movie doesn't feel ambiguous or complicated, merely muddled and wishy-washy.
0.4 It's the old story, I'm afraid: the essential boringness of omnipotence as a plot device.
0.5 For all of its big ideas ... Transcendence ends up lacking when it comes to translating them into a compelling story.
0.7 The film will either grip or bore one to tears, depending on a tolerance for speculative babble.
0.6 It's entertaining enough. But the premise promised so much more.
0.5 After an intriguing start, "Transcendence" - aka "The Computer Wore Johnny Depp's Tennis Shoes" - offers roughly the same level of excitement as listening to hold music during a call to tech support.
0.5 "Transcendence" never grapples with the concepts it introduces, sticking to an absolute-genius-corrupts-absolutely plot that was old back in the first season of "Star Trek," and ending with a muffled whimper.
0.5 "Transcendence" traffics in a lot of interesting ideas, but does so in unoriginal ways.
0.4 Tosses out some intriguing ideas, and then spends the next two hours completely squandering them.
0.5 "Transcendence" is much too lofty a title for a film that is rarely, if ever, transcendent.
0.63 Ultimately, the film is a missed opportunity; long on ideas and short on execution.
0.5 While its discussions about supercomputers, transcendence and god complexes send red flags flying about the near future, the story's mainframe is faultily wired and in need of repair.
0.4 It shows little interest in exploring the potentially tricky benefits of a computer-enhanced intellect; it's not even in the enjoyable realm of starkly ridiculous Cold War thrillers like Colossus: The Forbin Project.
0.6 Transcendence is a movie that's of two minds. It's well-grounded, but also over the top. It's a man-vs.-machine epic and also an intimate drama. It's quirky-smart yet sci-fi silly. And it winds up being half as good as it could be.
0.5 Wally Pfister's film tries to ask big questions but isn't smart enough to answer them.
0.25 It's not a horrible premise for a movie, but the execution is exceedingly trite and sloppy.
0.3 Pretty damned bad, and another example of 2014 CG used to animate 1974's science fiction ideas.
0.25 What fresh hell is this?
0.6 Any momentum is swallowed up by its failed attempts at being smarter than everyone in the room, which isn't exactly a good way to keep an audience invested.
0.375 Depp doesn't suggest higher intelligence. Perhaps because he hasn't had to in decades.
0.5 "Transcendence" is clunky and lifeless. It's like the movie version of a paranoid TED talk.
0.5 'Transcendence' lets narrative inertia fill in where the screenplay doesn't.
0.6 Indian underdog sports film will make American girls cheer.
0.625 A very familiar, very formula underdog sports movie with nothing to distinguish it from similar, equally slick Hollywood product--except for maybe a Bollywood-norm run time of 150 minutes.
0.8 The problem with the film, more than anything, is getting beyond the idea of it not being Bogie and Bacall up there on the screen.
0.4 With 11-11-11, Darren Lynn Bousman is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending
0.375 With "11-11-11," [Bousman] is merely insulting the audience with this poor excuse for a plot and its ludicrous ending.
0.4 tries to hammer home the point that something awful is coming - although the viewer is never quite sure what.
0.4 11-11-11 has a few scary moments here and there, but it's mostly a flat, lifeless spiritual horror spin on The Number 23.
0.4 While not as offensively tawdry as recent release The Devil Inside, Bousman's film is strictly by-the-numbers horror fare.
0.2 If the ineffectiveness knob goes up to ten, this film manages to turn it up to you-know-what.
0.2 If only "11-11-11" had arrived a little closer to Thanksgiving - the turkey connection would have been entirely appropriate.
0.7 a timely terror tale
0.35 The film has the feel of something conceived and whipped together in very little time, perhaps to make its own built-in deadline.
0.375 There is nothing [Huppert] can't do -- except save Promise from the valley of the shadow of bad French movie pretensions.
0.75 Like an old Hollywood star vehicle, this French import does its job, providing its lead actress with compelling emotional circumstances and its audience with arresting contexts through which to perceive her.
0.6 The Promised Life is not particularly original either in conception or execution, but it still manages to be interesting and stylish enough to get the better of its cliches.
0.6 It all does come down to Huppert with this film, to the moods, emotional states and character moments she can create, to the delicate magic she can work on screen.
0.5 [The film is] strongest when Huppert is plying her sordid trade, her face a cracking mask of emotional devastation.
0.4 This is a rare road picture that leaves us knowing less about our traveling companions than we did when the journey started; Dahan and screenwriter Agnes Fustier-Dahan reduce their characters to pasteboard symbols, colored by unexplained quirks.
0.625 Isabelle Huppert is such a wonderful actress, it's a shame that her latest film to reach our shores, La Vie Promise, directed by Olivier Dahan, isn't better.
0.4 Isabelle Huppert, an actress incapable of making a mawkish gesture, fights tooth and nail to keep this soft-boiled story of an embittered prostitute from turning to mush.
1.0 Isabelle Huppert's stunning performance is among the finest of her career.
0.6 Above average coming of age story.
0.4 A movie that says we might as well pack it in as soon as we turn 18 is more bitter than bittersweet.
0.8 The film has a lot of nice little touches going for it, and while there are the obligatory moments of heartstring plucking underscored by the stir of violins, it never really overdoes things. The only problem is, it's just been so done already.
0.4 You'll still come away from Hearts in Atlantis wanting to read the book, but had Hicks and Goldman got it right, you would've run straight from the cinema to buy it.
0.6 While this film has the potential to be either a heartwarming coming-of-age story or a tense psychological thriller, it doesn't really achieve either goal.
0.75 Hopkins continues to turn in one lackluster performance after another.
0.6 It could have been something special; instead it is run-of-the-mill.
0.75 Una cinta tierna y emocionante por momentos...pero no termina por convencer.
0.6 ...minor shortcomings come in its overused setting, slightly lackadaisical pace, and mildly unresolved conclusion, small matters if the movie puts you under its spell.
0.875 The elegiac, reflective mood is treated almost incidentally, letting it earn a reaction naturally
0.75 I will not deny that it left me with a very nice feeling throughout.
0.875 As I write this review, I find myself growing nostalgic for the film. I want to walk away from my computer and see it again right now. It's just that good.
0.5 A stock tale of mentorship and coming-of-age during one of those eventful summers that only seem to exist in movies.
0.625 plays as if it were a rough cut of preliminary scenes that lacks the cohesion that might bring them together into a complete story
0.6 Audiences with an appreciation or even a tolerance of this genre will find this to be above average.
0.5 Hicks ... coats the film in a bogus idyllic mist that substitutes cheap sentiment for blunt truth.
0.4 Falls squarely into the near miss category.
0.5 Hearts In Atlantis takes way too much time getting to the point ... and it never seems to figure out exactly what that point is.
0.75 If nostalgia was all this film is about, it wouldn't be worth much. It is more than that.
0.5 In the end, though, the film feels cheap and used up -- like watching a two-hour Hallmark special.
0.8 A precious respite from the postmodern era and all that it entails.
0.5 Unabashedly sentimental, it's meant to touch our hearts in profound and important ways, but misses the mark by drawing too deeply from a pool of schmaltz.
0.625 All that early promise goes for naught when the picture approaches the final act, whereupon the various mysteries yield solutions that prove to be silly or sentimental or both.
0.8 The film offers genuine rewards, particularly its understanding of the crossroads that lead a child to adulthood.
0.875 Rarely does a movie make you feel so warm and so uneasy at the same time.
0.0 A nostalgic fiasco so shameless it makes movies like Simon Birch and Frequency seem as austere as the work of Robert Bresson.
0.8 Movie lovers who leave their expectations at the door and treasure fascinating characters and superb acting are in for a treat.
0.8 Hicks, whose style did not enhance Snow Falling on Cedars, proves to be a good match for this material.
0.6 Purports to show the incalculable impact a mentor can have on a child, but offers a contradictory message through its depiction of the adult version of that child.
0.625 It's not a royal failure, but it is less than Kingly.
0.625 Its heart is certainly in the right place, but its head makes some misjudgments.
0.625 The film version plays like a series of three underdeveloped subplots in search of a movie
0.75 (Has) that same energy and sentimental allure which has made Stephen King's softer side such a rich source for utterly engrossing cinema.
0.625 For me, the turgid pace and uneven writing muted any appreciation I might have of what it offers.
0.625 Packs a hearty punch, bringing to mind the wonder and magic of childhood as so spiritedly stirred in King's earlier but still better "Stand By Me."
0.625 Noble yet vague, Hearts in Atlantis is slight yet beautiful to look at.
0.6 The story and characters feel fake and schematic.
0.625 In the battle of style versus substance, it's style by a head.
1.0 After having our hearts ripped from us; Hearts in Atlantis miraculously sets them beating again.
0.75 A heartwarming coming-of-age pic that prompts its audience to recall the golden days of joyful youth.
0.75 A lovingly crafted, nostalgia-filled walk through memory lane.
0.5 Overall, this film provides for solid acting, a fun soundtrack and wonderful atmosphere, but very little of resonance or freshness.
0.625 Hearts in Atlantis has a lot going for it -- including Sir Anthony Hopkins and some great cinematography. But for a nostalgia movie, it is entirely too forgettable.
0.8 The acting is solid from everyone.
0.75 The late Piotr Sobocinski's cinematography of Bobby and Carol at a local carnival park is sheer magic.
0.6 0.4
0.8 Any Cassavetes is worthwhile viewing
0.6 More than any other recent film I can think of, Gloria is a movie that depends on the mood you're in when you see it.
0.8 One of Cassavetes' most accessible and involving movies.
0.3 John Cassavetes made some iffy movies during his career, but none is worse than the original Gloria.
0.75 Tough, sweet, and goofy.
0.8 0.6
0.3 By the half way point I was beginning to take back everything I said re Steven Soderbergh's dull-as-ditchwater Che: Part II - even he manages to drum up more tension than this.
0.333333333333 'The Lost City' is intriguing as a historical document and adequate as cinema, but it has a blandness at its core that no amount of spicy mambo and booty-quaking dance routines can disguise.
0.4 There may be a good film here, but it struggles to break free of the cumbersome framework.
0.2 Andy Garcia's preposterous vanity project The Lost City is an all-singing, all-dancing version of the Cuban Revolution.
0.4 The script is scrupulously even-handed, but Garcia can't seem to get a grip on this sprawl.
0.2 Great music and costumes, but with a woeful plot and jaw-droppingly stilted dialogue. Cuban-born Garcia's main complaint against Fidel seems to be that rich, corrupt Cubans could no longer dance the night away.
0.4 Not an embarrassment, but definitely a missed opportunity.
0.6 Andy Garcia's directorial debut is a flawed and overlong but nonetheless watchable drama with strong performances, a superb soundtrack and bizarre appearances from Dustin Hoffman and Bill Murray.
0.4 Garcia obviously has more ambition than skill.
0.6 It's by no means a flawless film, but it's a meaty one, and if you're a big fan of Andy Garcia, I'd definitely recommend it. (Plus, Bill Murray's in there.)
0.74 ...plays like a confusing and inferior Caribbean analog to The Godfather, without anything like the narrative drive of Coppola's film.
0.5 While the soundtrack of Cuban dance music is superb, this historical drama is leaden and simply too long-winded for its own good.
0.5 Garcia's storytelling lacks highs and lows and has far too much going on. And on.
0.625 The result has a potluck rather than persuasive, integrated quality.
0.25 For a tribute to a lost city, Garcia has made a lost film.
0.5 Book-ended by fine songs; in between, Garcia offers more than two hours of clumsy Coppola/Scorsese karaoke...
0.5 Even though the movie is made with an abundance of heart, it's sad to report that the final result has only a weak pulse.
0.5 It's handsome and heartfelt but mired in murky politics, plot inertia, musical montages and painfully pointed symbolism.
0.5 Garcia needed better guiding hands and eyes in the editing room to jettison the many parts that bog down the story.
0.7 Unsteady but often entrancing.
0.25 Turgid, lumpy and almost unwatchably dull.
0.8 It's a potent work, enlivened by fabulous Cuban music and Garcia's obvious love for his land and his culture.
0.375 Unfortunately, Garcia is inept as a director. His scenes are shapeless and bloated with self-important speeches.
0.4 It's barely coherent as it is, but at 2 hours and 23 minutes, The Lost City is simply infuriating.
0.5 The movie has too many stories to tell and tells none of them very well.
0.375 Our cue that Garcia is acting is when he furiously bats his eyes in his smoldering emotional scenes. Either that, or he's allergic to the smoke from all those Cuban cigars.
0.6 Garcia's fans and viewers who love Cuban music will probably enjoy The Lost City if they don't mind the long run time.
0.3 If you want to see a good, entertaining movie about Havana, circa 1958, better to rent Havana, than waste your money on this turkey.
0.625 The coming CD, not the DVD, should be the keeper.
0.5 A pretty bauble, a trinket offered when the stakes of barter were life and death.
0.6 What makes this movie interesting is the family (and not just because it's made up of 3 beautiful brothers). It's a love story, between a man and a woman and between a people and their country.
0.75 As a musical fever dream of paradise lost, The Lost City is a flawed success, boasting just enough truth and admirable purpose to justify the hazards of Garcia's passion.
0.5 You can see why Garcia was drawn to this material, but he hasn't had much luck shaping it into a film.
0.375 'That's not filmmaking,' I thought, 'that's photography.' 'That's not acting, that's posing.' 'That's not Jon Lovitz, it's Andy Garcia!'
0.5 The Lost City has a subject, a setting and a historical backdrop, but in the foreground it has a relatively passive protagonist, Fico, whose passions are understated and whose fortunes inspire only minor concern.
0.75 Overdirected, yes, but it's an epic, passionate portrayal.
0.75 Feels like the distillation of countless conversations and family legends, rehearsed from time immemorial by Cubans who fled their homeland and sought to re-create it in their memories.
0.25 It's the sort of epic that aspires to tell Cuba's modern political history and celebrate its people without introducing us to a single believable character.
0.625 Musical...handsome...poignantly nostalgic...The Lost City is a lot of things, but what it's not is incisive.
0.75 Throbbing with music, seething with anger and romance, The Lost City is a film that breaks your heart, bewilders, alienates and ravishes you by turns.
0.625 Handsomely executed but hopelessly flawed.
0.6 This is a very sad and winsome film.
0.625 Garcia's aching nostalgia for the glittering Havana of his dreams is palpable, but he winds up painting by the same 'doomed romance against a backdrop of revolution' numbers as piffle like Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights.
0.375 ... a lost movie that seems like it takes 16 years to end.
0.5 How the movie's politics will sit with the audience aside, one of the problems in this overlong melodrama is the distracting casting of Bill Murray as a wisecracking sidekick and Dustin Hoffman as mobster Meyer Lansky.
0.625 The sprawling -- two hours, 23 minutes -- epic meanders in places and its mix of tones and templates do not always serve its narrative. But the movie comes from the heart, filled with a passion that carries it through its rougher patches.
0.5 ... the film seems like a mini-series edited to feature length without time for character development.
0.25 The Lost City manages to make Havana, Sydney Pollack's disastrous 1990 attempt at a Casablanca homage set against the Cuban revolution with Robert Redford, look good by comparison.
0.4 ... a haphazard jumble.
0.625 Noteworthy and well-intended, The Lost City isn't exactly a lost opportunity, just a sincerely limited one.
0.4 ... a romantic epic manque that swoons across the screen for nearly two and a half hours without saying much ...
0.375 Garcia offers the film to the Cuban community as something we should all be happy to see, but his esteem does not excuse the film's aesthetic mediocrity, cultural ignorance, and colossal self-absorption.
0.4 Garcia's overindulgence is punishing but I didn't come to the theatre to be soaked in soap opera sentiment.
0.5 Despite the strong emotional connection many Miamians will feel toward the movie, The Lost City falls far short of the sweep, complexity and passion it strives for.
0.0 Awful performances, idiotic social commentary and one of the worse Rashoman narratives ever take away the pleasures of some raunchy sex scenes.
0.5 A lot of hot--and often overheated--air.
0.625 Exceso de dialogos y situaciones sexuales que en muchos casos son totalmente innecesarios y que en otras ocasiones rayan en lo grotesco
0.5 Whine. Whine. Have Sex. Whine.
0.25 Clumsy and self-important.
0.3 Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
0.0 To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
0.2 Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
0.375 You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
0.4 This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
0.3 Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
0.6 In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
0.2 Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
0.4 The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
0.4 Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
0.2 A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
0.6 Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
0.4 We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
0.4 Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
0.4 Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
0.2 Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
0.4 While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
0.4 Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
0.4 Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
0.2 Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
0.6 Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
0.4 Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
0.6 ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
0.5 Morgans not worth hearing from.
0.75 A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
0.6 With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
0.375 You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
0.375 Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
0.5 Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
0.75 The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
0.25 It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
0.375 I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
0.25 Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
0.3 Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
0.4 Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
0.2 Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
0.2 A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
0.5 The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
0.375 Here's yet another movie that should be neither seen nor heard.
0.2 The romantic-comedy equivalent of a genetically-tweaked slab of meat, an over-engineered counterfeit whose marketing tells us a lie every instinct we have disputes.
0.5 It's clearly Parker's movie, and that's a shame.
0.2 Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan.
0.0 It's as if the film is a no-humour zone, and any attempt at a laugh gets sucked into a cinematic vacuum of mirthlessness.
0.4 trades on Hugh Grant's charm, Sarah Jessica Parker's fan base, and the general good will of the audience. At least one of those three has been sorely tested by the time the end credits roll. Possibly two
0.25 If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism, you will be cruelly fooled. The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius.
0.375 Yes, comedies thrive on broad strokes. But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we haven't traversed the country (if not in actuality, via television and film) is dispiriting.
0.2 Fish-out-of-water romcom is teen-friendly but a real snooze.
0.6 Mostly it's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks (Grant, Sam Elliott, and Mary Steenburgen) as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy.
0.6 A comedy with mostly likable, broadly drawn characters; tart, nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin; and well-timed, modestly sophisticated repartee.
0.4 Predictable, leaden, unfunny and unnecessary.
0.2 So now you can say, indeed, you have heard about the Morgans, smile politely, and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex.
0.5 Adorable if adulterous and agnostic salad-fancying nitwit city slickers save their marriage with the help of a God-fearing, meat-eating 'Sarah Palin' and her sheriff husband in what could be described as 'Green Acres' in Red State drag, plus guns.
0.2 Did you hear about the worst rom-com of 2009? It's this one!
0.2 Where is Richard Curtis when you need him?
0.125 If it wasn't for Hugh Grant, Did You Hear About The Morgans? would be competing for worst comedy of the decade. Instead, it's just in the running for worst comedy of the year.
0.5 Did You Hear About the Morgans? is about as stereotypical as a stereotypical romantic comedy can get
0.375 Not even the clumsy title bears any evidence of inspiration, which actually makes it a nice fit for writer-director Marc Lawrence's dud of a script.
0.2 This is a film that does roughly the same thing for the concept of star-powered romantic comedies that Tiger Woods has done for the concept of marital fidelity.
0.25 Sometimes it's unpleasant, sometimes it's insincere, and for long stretches it's boring. There are good parts, too, but they all come in the first 10 minutes.
0.375 A smug, New-York-is-the-center-of-the-universe comedy that doesn't have enough humor to compensate for its misplaced sense of superiority...
0.25 A painful failure, lumpish and crude.
0.375 A fish-out-of-water comedy that flops around on the dock for a while before eventually, and mercifully, expiring.
0.375 The movie doesn't just quickly run out of its fish-out-of-water jokes but doesn't have any unique or funny gags in its arsenal the moment the couple from New York City lands in Wyoming.
0.375 A somewhat amusing yet trite example of the modern-day screwball comedy.
0.375 There's no sense of affection. No passion, even when they fight. Their dialogue rings hollow. These two aren't believable and their relationship is a black hole. Who cares?
0.25 An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy.
0.75 It doesn't pretend to be an awards contender, and yet, oddly enough this year, it's far more entertaining and astutely written than the majority of recent releases that are.
0.375 This is what happens when you throw reliable talent at an awful script.
0.1 You know the line about what a bear does in the woods? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans?, it describes the movie as well.
0.625 It's not great art, but it has a certain goofy effervescence, mostly thanks to Hugh Grant.
0.375 Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans? Really, you don't want to.
0.375 This alleged screwball comedy is almost laughless. It's one of the most surprising comedy duds of the year.
0.2 It would be acceptable if all this fakeness lead to something legitimately funny. Instead, we're left bemused and bored.
0.5 Always fully aware it need not involve big words or ideas to offer light entertaining fare even if there's only so far you can take such a predictable premise.
0.375 Did You Hear About the Morgans? has no room for surprises.
0.375 Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time.
0.5 It's hard to imagine why you'd want to pay to be talked down to and coddled like a baby.
0.0 It's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie. It's the sound of dead crickets.
0.2 You see, city folk are like this, and country folk are like that.
0.0 Why isn't there a federal program to protect people from witnessing movies like this?
0.5 Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple, but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled.
0.25 Lawrence's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life, his struggles to find something funny about local "types" (an unworldly doctor and his naive-nitwit nurse), his "grizzly encounter" scene, are painful to watch.
0.5 The film depends more on the shadowy, colour-drenched photography to touch on emotions or humanism. It's not enough.
0.9 One of the best laugh til you cry comedies of the last decade.
0.375 Writers need to start shaking things up a bit. Have the couple split up for actual reasons. Allow them to see other people or go in a whole new direction. This ending has been done. This whole film has been done. The plot is tired. Let it rest.
0.6 It's not insightful or original about anything more than a generic self-esteem boost for goony dudes who dream of hot babes, but it's never not doing cartwheels to make you laugh.
0.7 The story relies on the strength of the characters and effectiveness of the comedy to keep it going. And for the most part it works.
0.6 She's Out Of My League might be the most important romantic comedy of the past twenty five years. If only it was funny enough to warrant such an accolade.
0.6 She's Out of My League is not big on originality, yet it scores points for addressing self esteem and body image issues amongst young males.
0.5 Tends to be off-putting, which is a shame, because it's on to something about the dynamic between put-together women and the legions of nervous men who shoot themselves in the feet while longing for them. [Blu-ray]
0.84 ...has a few quality moments, and it doesn't default to the angry ugliness of so many fraternity-boy sexual comedies.
0.875 A charming romantic comedy that lets Mr. Wrong win at love for a refreshing change of pace.
0.625 manages to strike a workable balance between the crass and the poignant, even if it sells some of its characters a bit short
0.4 ...largely silly, if well meaning, inoffensive but predictable, unoriginal, and bland.
0.4 Hops along no more than hopefully towards its inevitable conclusion that losers sometimes win.
0.6 A totally acceptable, completely forgettable romcom that will make you laugh a fair few times, before floating harmlessly out of your life.
0.4 Formulaic and inoffensively bland.
0.6 Jay Baruchel gets his shot at Hollywood leading-man status in this likable, goofy romcom. And I have to say I'd rather be watching him than the ubiquitous Shia LaBeouf.
0.4 Here is yet another American comedy in which a beautiful woman falls head over high heels in love with a worthless geek.
0.6 It's not half as bad as it sounds thanks to the likable, grounding presence of Baruchel, plus Nate Torrence as his chubby pal.
0.6 Eve sparkles, Baruchel amuses and the film as a whole is irresistible.
0.6 With his debut feature, English director Jim Field Smith handles the humour with skill. A solid if formulaic addition to the genre.
0.6 This is the rare one with unisex appeal - it's sweet and it's raunchy, and it has an underdog male lead of huge oddball charisma in Jay Baruchel.
0.8 A funny and charming romcom.
0.6 Fast, frequently funny and isn't a chore to watch. Measured on its own dating scale, She's Out Of My League is a solid six with room to climb higher.
0.6 The gross-out level is kept to a minimum and the language is reasonably clean, making it a refreshing change from similar testosterone-fueled movies.
0.7 For all its rude humour and chucklehead antics, this is actually a sweet and shy romantic comedy. It also boosts Jay Baruchel into leading-man status with a thoroughly charming performance.
0.6 While there's no particular originality to proceedings, each character is eminently likeable, and while that doesn't neccesarily translate to memorable comedic gold, it just about works well as a new contender.
0.8 Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny romcom with likeable characters, a witty script, a steady stream of laugh-out-loud gags and terrific performances from its two leads.
0.4 Like its hero, it has hidden depths -- it's just a shame they're not allowed to shine.
0.4 The direction from first-timer Jim Field Smith is bland and without character, and you feel that if someone with more confidence and a swagger to their filmmaking had been in charge we'd have seen something that stepped beyond cinematic mediocrity
0.75 Sloppy, sometimes tasteless and at times silly, 'She's Out of My League' is a lovable mess. It's raunchy humor with a heart of gold.
0.6 Some half-way decent character comedy props up this otherwise pretty frivolous outing that marks burgeoning star Jay Baruchel's first cinematic leading role.
0.7 Although the film follows all the usual peaks and valleys of a typical rom-com, She's Out of My League gets a pass for making me laugh even when it's at its most formulaic.
0.4 ... inoffensive but strictly routine ...
0.75 If John Hughes has made Clerks 2, it might have went something like this.
0.4 I found some of the Judd Apatow films really funny. This is a pale imitation, not actually in their league at all.
0.6 The film is not an Apatow production but it feels like one.
0.625 Good-natured yet forgettable...
0.875 League an entertaining look at opposites in love.
0.6 A film that delivers amazingly raunchy humor and a fun love story. Actor Nate Torrence steals the film with a scene that will literally make you laugh so hard you will cry.
0.4 has neither the comedy nor the romance nor the insight to deepen its central gimmick
0.625 The hackneyed conceit of the dork who dreams big earns a zero for originality, but the cast -- which includes Mike Vogel, T.J Miller, and Krysten Ritter as friends of the mismatched couple -- is close to an 8.
0.6 Too much profanity and crude talk but at heart it is an endearing romantic comedy which should raise the ante on Baruchel and Eve's careers
0.7 It is mindless fun, especially for Baruchel fans, with a little heart and surprising charm thrown in for good measure.
0.5 Like the confused hero standing at the cross-tarmac of his life, this film isn't sure which way's up. Derisive, sophomoric humor or perky rom-com? Underwear jokes or glowing life lessons on personal evolution?
0.5 Mildly amusing and charming, but often bland, tedious and not nearly as funny as it could have been with a gutsier and more imaginative screenplay.
0.8 Every man's fantasy is a hot relationship with a drop-dead gorgeous, head-turning fox. At age 14 reality sinks in and most guys realize it's never going to happen.
0.7 The four actors have an appealing rapport -- as offhandedly sweet as it is determinedly raunchy -- and Miller and Vogel especially enliven pretty standard fare.
0.75 This raunchy piece of Judd Apatow-lite is a tart confection with a sweet center.
0.6 If you combined Knocked Up with There's Something About Mary...you'd have some idea of how oddly disjointed yet ultimately satisfying She's Our of My League is.
0.4 Jay Baruchel, a funny and solid supporting player, is not quite ready for the big leagues with this lackluster rom-com.
0.7 As crude buddy comedies go, it's a shave above.
0.75 It's still an R-rated comedy with its fair share of raunchy moments, but it's also clever and disarmingly sweet. Not a "10," but certainly a "7," with bonus points for exceeding expectations.
0.625 The writers and director Jim Field Smith show a refreshing level of commitment to something besides broad caricatures and crotch jokes.
0.8 Nothing would work, though, without the appealing Baruchel.
0.75 There are compensations, in Baruchel's performance and in Eve's too (now that's an ingenue's name).
0.3 The premise might work if the film were content to be a fairly undistinguished example of over-the-top gross-out comedy.
0.6 ... skirts the gummy shoals of the profane, [yet still] heartwarming, laugh-out-loud funny, and actually sort of romantic in a puckishly real world way
0.6 If the Farrelly Brothers and Judd Apatow somehow mated, the result of their union might be She's Out of My League.
0.625 The two leads create a sweet, believable romance that deserves a better movie.
0.9 The movie's terrific -- it's easily my favorite film released so far this year.
0.6 It's a little rushed, and a little rough around the edges, but She's Out of My League is genuinely nutty and funny, and with some likeable characters at its center.
0.6 And even if League isn't up to the Judd Apatow/Kevin Smith standards of smart-guy rom-coms, it's still funny and charming enough to rate as a lovely little post-Oscar season date movie.
0.7 It kind of feels like Smith, Anders and Morris just threw as many jokes on the wall as they could and saw how many of them would stick. Fortunately, enough of them do adhere to said wall that you'll forget about most of the ones that don't.
0.5 Demonstrates how hard it is to achieve that Apatow balance between aww-inspiring tenderness and wince-inducing body-fluid slapstick...
0.75 It's funny, and kinda sweet, but they shouldn't classify it as comedy. It's sci-fi/fantasy.
0.6 Has a lot of spirit and heart and actually quite sweet, but it tries to shoehorn too many ideas into one movie and not all of them work.
0.25 The movie clearly aspires to rise to the smutty-but-sweet synergy of other, better films. But She's Out of My League can't touch them.
0.5 Scenes that should be grotesquely funny (man helps another man with his intimate grooming, or the appearance of a Hall & Oates cover band) deliver only chuckles rather than a big payoff.
0.625 She's Out of My League is a rowdy blast because the spiky young cast treats the played-out script like virgin territory. That's acting!
0.25 The leads are better than the movie deserves. Baruchel is likable, and Eve comes off as somewhat more human than you expect in efforts like this.
0.75 We may know exactly where Kirk and Molly are headed -- he can't get over his good fortune and she can't abide being put on a pedestal -- but the movie keeps upending our expectations and provoking laughs.
0.5 While it's a bigger fantasy film than The Lord of the Rings, it owns its implausibility in a way that endures rather than repulses.
0.2 There's barely a smirk in all of its padded hour and 45 minutes...
0.25 You're out of its league.
0.625 A surprisingly sweet-natured affair with solid performances.
0.625 This bad-mannered love story has a funny foul mouth with a few bright spots of charm.
0.5 It's short on clever humor and big on convention and formula.
0.625 A diverting showcase for Baruchel and Eve, who are excellent arguments for the proposition that there's more to a person than looks.
0.5 Baruchel and the others make this often-crude comedy work when it probably shouldn't.
0.5 While Baruchel is fun to root for and watch flail about like a pipe-cleaner in the wind, this movie encourages a sick desire in me - to see Michael Cera and all the runners-up in the Mr. Puniverse Contest knocked down a peg...
0.75 I'll say this: it's neither a "5" nor a "10," but somewhere in between.
0.4 It's undeniably formulaic stuff. The film seems to actively invite comparisons with Apatow's oeuvre.
0.3 Instantly forgettable.
0.75 We like them, and we're not used to characters in a comedy like this being so blunt, honest, and self-aware.
0.6 By mixing the sweetness of "Say Anything" with the silliness of "There's Something About Mary," "She's Out of My League" works as well as it does thanks to a real sense of heart and a killer ensemble.
0.6 Impossible to hate.
0.375 Yet another irritating, frustrating, artificial Hollywood product that trades honesty and depth for grade school immaturity and a bunch of lazy, derivative, totally unfunny jokes involving sexual organs and bodily fluids.
0.5 It's too hellbent on becoming the next "There's Something About Mary" or Judd Apatow offshoot to realize it's finest quality is its tender heart.
0.75 Hardly original, but it knows what works: Think of it as 'The Twentysomething (Almost) Virgin.' It even has an unfortunate male grooming scene similar to the chest-waxing in "Virgin," though this one focuses on an area a wee bit south of that.
0.375 An uninspired romantic comedy/male self-esteem pep-talk that seems to be yearning for viewer affection despite its all-around mediocrity.
0.75 I laughed out loud a handful of times and chuckled on a regular basis. In the end, isn't that all we really want from those sweet, mindless comedies Hollywood continues to offer?
0.3 A movie can't achieve a nakedly honest dude vibe like I Love You, Man when the characters are this irritating.
0.5 No, we still don't believe them as a couple. No, there aren't many surprises here.
0.5 I laughed here and there at She's Out of My League, but I sort of hated everything it had to say about nerds and babes and the sliding scale of self-image.
0.75 The movie is not a comedy classic. But in a genre where so many movies struggle to lift themselves from zero to one, it's about, oh, a six point five.
0.3 There's an interesting, funny, quietly devastating film to be made from the core idea here -- that of an average guy so convinced of his unworthiness that he subconsciously sabotages a golden romantic opportunity -- but this overly broad exercise in set-p
0.7 What elevates She's Out of My League -- it doesn't turn a 5 into a 10, but it helps -- is heart, of which its characters have a surprising plenty.
0.75 ...a sporadically potent examination of a volatile relationship.
0.7 Hungry Hearts is a disturbing thriller that closes in on its audience and leaves it no other option but to embrace the impending dread.
0.625 This is not a passive viewing experience; viewers might be exasperated by Mina's behavior, but they'll never be bored.
0.4 It simply collapses in a ridiculous muddle. But the performances of Driver and Rohrwacher lend some weight to the movie.
0.8 An audacious little indie ... Hungry Hearts starts off innocently but becomes a new kind of psychodramatic indie thriller, a Rosemary's Baby in which the mother is her own demon.
0.25 ...will surely test the patience of even the film's target demographic of indiscriminating 12-year-olds.
0.625 Leah Meyerhoff's earnest debut is more notable for the integrity of its female point of view and the consistency of its raw yet dreamy visual scheme -- which includes stop-motion fantasy interludes -- than for its familiar coming-of-age scenario.
0.4 You know your heart's meant to ache because of the musical motif that actually sounds like plucking on heartstrings.
0.6 I was unprepared for the transcendent final moments, which left me suddenly and unexpectedly in tears.
0.6 This is a gentle, well-observed drama with a very likeable performance from Marsan.
0.6 I was intrigued by the prospect of the always-compelling Eddie Marsan playing a dull south London council funeral administrator in Still Life.
0.6 Sombre and understated to a fault, but it also contains several quietly affecting moments, most of which are complemented by a beautiful score by Rachel Portman.
0.6 It is a sad, muted film, speckled with many poignant and shrewd little visual touches about what solitude feels like.
0.4 The presence of the great Eddie Marsan can't save this ponderous and sentimental Brit film about death and dying.
0.8 Beautifully crafted and exquisitely observed with an outstanding performance from Eddie Marsan in the lead.
0.6 With his charming second feature, writer-director-producer Uberto Pasolini has created a potent and poignant exploration of love and death, solitude and the breakdown of community.
0.5 Marsan's technical precision as an actor is formidable, and he's wonderful to watch. But when the material's synthetic, as it is here, you wish Marsan could bust loose at the expense of the movie's obsessively orderly nature.
0.64 Admittedly, it's a predictable storyline, as exciting to watch as it is to read, saved only by Eddie Marsan, who is absolutely superb as the large-hearted loner.
0.6 A soulful if obvious meditation on lives lived unshared, and one man's dedication to righting those wrongs while neglecting his own life.
0.8 Still Life offers up much bittersweet comfort and joy as it reaches a most unexpected close.
0.875 The film ends with a beautiful scene that will tug at your heartstrings.
0.5 Eddie Marsan almost makes the equivalent of watching paint dry invigorating in Still Life. Almost.
0.5 The film's title says lots about its mood and style, which is heavy on becalmed views of rooms, objects like an apple peel and office utensils, and May's glazed gazes at nothing in particular.
0.75 Pasolini has a gem in Marsan, a virtuoso actor who plays the role delicately where another might have laid on the pathos too thick.
0.4 As a film, it's not viciously bad, but it's dull. Worse, there's a ludicrous ending designed to elicit an emotional reaction.
0.4 Marsan does his best to convey his character's essential decency, but he's hamstrung by Pasolini's insistence on underscoring the emptiness of John's existence at every opportunity.
0.4 Still Life constantly threatens to become a better movie ...
0.6 There is humour here, too, and a lightness of touch but this is nevertheless a melancholy movie that mourns the passing of connections even if it does offer some hope.
0.625 The film's fixation on life's quotidian aspects eventually gives way to a rote courtship drama.
0.7 Some may find Still Life too slight on drama and action... But you'd have to have a hard heart to be left completely unmoved by the film's accretion of details of lives left unfinished.
0.7 This is a film that demands patience from a sympathetic audience, but the rewards are considerable.
0.7 If more filmmakers entrusted their projects to actors like Marsan, their movies would be all the better for it.
0.8 Still Life has the sort of quiet poise that has all but disappeared from modern movies, at least those of the West. It's an old-fashioned film in a good way -- almost like an Ealing comedy.
0.6 The art direction is really good in it.
0.9 I've rarely seen the poignancy of death so beautifully captured.
0.7 Contemplative and graceful, it's a showcase for highly watchable English character actor Eddie Marsan.
0.7 There is a static, stoic grace to this picture that is quite unlike anything else in cinemas right now.
0.5 Blends the narrative, the dancing, and the music in a vibrant way that hasn't been captured before. Otherwise, it's really just more of the same.
0.75 With each successive film, whatever passes for story becomes all the more shallow and trite--and the movies as a whole actually get *better*.
0.375 Incredibly stupid in just about every way. And yet, it had what may have been my favorite scene at the movies this year...[Blu-ray 3D]
0.5 The latest entry in a consistently underwhelming series...
0.5 Whilst the film attempts to advocate the organic and liberating tenets of dance, it contradicts this message though consumerism and unashamed product placement.
0.4 The only laugh comes during the end credits, when the phrase 'featuring characters created by Duane Adler' pops up onto the screen. This film had characters? Now that's entertainment.
0.375 Step Up 3D is one D too many. This gimmick-laden film is filled with cliches in the production as well as the script.
0.6 Step Up 3D ima isforsiranih momenata no na sre&#263;u takvih je malo pa vrijeme provedeno ispred ekrana relativno brzo prolazi
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 While I did have fun while watching it, I can't say for sure if I would have been quite so forgiving if I had actually paid to see it.
0.2 This, the latest variation on the "follow your dream" dance fantasy, draws an ever sharper line between tip-top street dance and bottom-of-the-class dialogue and acting.
0.5 The 3-D at its best pops (a red-gloved dancer bursts out from the screen as if diving through a window), but more often it's merely Dramamine-inducing.
0.75 This is a very silly movie, but it's a pretty fun one as well.
0.4 When Step Up 3D isn't throwing stuff at the crowd, its dance sequences do jump out of the screen in a pretty cool way. The routines are impressive, but the plot less so.
0.625 For a change, the 3D gimmickry actually works, particularly with Chadd "Madd Chadd" Smith's uncanny robot-dance moves.
0.75 A swooping visual delight!
0.2 ... the dances are juiced up with all kinds of snazzy digital effects ... Were the dances digitally created as well? Maybe not, but the suspicion alone is fatal.
0.6 It's all about the moves, and I count the film's moronic perkiness as a plus: it could be the dumbest thing all year that I have to admit enjoying.
0.4 Those who would like a storyline not caressed by cliche had better beware.
0.4 There are moments of energetic charm here, but the script is so painfully poor, and the plot's creaky turns so unintentionally comedic, that they're all but lost in the noise.
0.0 It's like Muppets Take Manhattan, but replace a milquetoast young artiste for an amnesiac frog and a group of muppets for a post-racial group of seamlessly integrated metrosexuals.
0.6 This movie gets points for knowing it is just a dance movie and never trying to be anything else.
0.5 If you actually like the hiphop style of dancing, much of the film is given over to energetic displays,although one is hardpressed to say why one group... deserves to win.
0.6 It's the only one of the trilogy gauche enough to be amusing... so loopy that you'd need to have a heart of flint not to be carried away.
0.3 Bad acting and loud, insurmountable narrative gear-grinding completely derail an admirable lesson -- that the human body remains one of if not the most engaging big screen special effects there is.
0.4 Likely to leave even unworldly 12-year-olds rolling, rather than breakin', in the aisles.
0.4 Even with the addition of 3-D it feels as if the Step Up series has nothing new to offer.
0.5 a trial to endure
0.4 By adding 3D, Step Up 3 has morphed from a film into that creepy guy who dances at you in clubs.
0.6 "Step Up 3D" has pedestrian acting, weak dialog and a storyline that might as well have been generated by an iPhone ap. It's a good thing that nobody is buying tickets to see this movie for its dramaturgy.
0.6 This is NOT the first 3-D movie musical, as advertised, and the blandness of Malambri and Vinson can't compare with the charisma of Fred & Ginger or Gene Kelly with a broomstick.
0.4 Functions less as a story than as a catalog of references meant to interest a young audience: mixed martial arts, parkour, X-games, Red Hook, Chinatown, D.I.Y. filmmaking.
0.6 Still as light on story as it is on its feet, but audiences looking to get a cinematic workout from the high-stepping action served up here could do a lot worse.
0.616 Unabashedly corny, contrived and comes alive with irresistibly captivating, eye-popping energy during the vibrant dance numbers.
0.4 Character and plausibility is never going to be this film's strong point; it's all about the moves. And in that at least, it's no let-down.
0.4 Even by the rock-bottom standards of dance movies, the script is abysmal: formulaic and dumb.
0.4 Plotwise, this is a slow dance indeed, with the players partnered-up with club-footed cliches and some deeply one-dimensional characters.
0.6 The movie's cheese, with cheese on the side -- and a portion of impressive footwork.
0.4 Fun dance routines are best part of otherwise boring movie.
0.625 There is some awkward editing and cheesy showing-off, but the dancers' tremendous talent is given the focus it deserves.
0.4 It's hard to hate as relentlessly upbeat a film as the weightless Step Up 3D. It's also hard to remember it for very long, it sits so lightly upon the brain.
0.5 The dance scenes are inventive and pop out in all kinds of strange places.
0.5 Though director Jon Chu brings admirable energy and imagination to Step Up 3D's dance extravaganzas, he can't animate shockingly wooden performances or cure stumble-footed dialogue.
0.75 Eye-popping dance-floor awesomeness and jaw-dropping dramatic awfulness combine to produce the must-see dumbest movie of the year and possibly even of the 21st century -- and yes, I know we've still got nine decades to go.
0.625 The main reason to see Step Up 3D is for the high-energy dancing and innovative camerawork, and on those points it delivers.
0.25 Saw 3D looked like the scariest tri-dimensional offering at the movies this year. Until now.
0.7 Would it be a better musical experience if when Gene Kelly splashed about in Singin' in the Rain, you saw each drop of water bouncing towards you?
0.75 Step Up 3D is as supremely exhilarating and thoroughly terrible as fans of the series might've expected.
0.6 Step Up 3-D is worth seeing for the amazing Fred Astaire homage sequence. Jon Chu nailed the longest 3D single-take shot in cinema history. The 3D was even great!
0.4 The mischievous Sevani remains one to watch, but Vinson and Malambri are as bland as the hackneyed story surrounding them.
0.8 An exhilarating summer treat for all ages, Step Up 3D celebrates the transformative power of dance.
0.375 The dance sequences in Step Up 3-D are thrilling, but the script is strictly 1-D.
0.25 You really can't say that the 3-D helps bring this series full circle. More like a straight line of cheesiness that features more covered crotch comin' at ya than a Jim Wynorski film.
0.125 It's like West Side Story and Singing in the Rain had a three way with the Devil, and this was the result.
0.625 Some of the visual razzmatazz isn't as polished as it should be, but the dance sequences, especially the go-for-broke finale, more than compensate for that.
0.5 Of all the pitfalls potentially awaiting new freshmen at New York University, one I've never heard mentioned is the dance pimp.
0.625 Rhythmically, athletically and energetically, Step Up 3D does not disappoint.
0.25 Between 3-D and regular viewing, the only way to see Step Up 3D is not to.
0.5 There's no need for the Screenwriting 101 structure, our demands are too simple: just shut up and dance.
0.5 Using 3-D to tell this trite story is, as they say, like putting lipstick on a pig.
0.4 If you're nine years old you'll really be into it. If you're somewhat older you'll be wondering why they suddenly decided to remake Rent as a children's film.
0.2 The conventions of quality cinema just got served.
0.375 Watching this movie in 3-D is very much like sticking one's head in a blender and hitting "pulse.''
0.5 Alas, the extra dimension doesn't compensate for a cliched, predictable plot, one dimensional characters, mediocre performances and dopey dialogue.
0.625 While director Jon M. Chu's acrobatic cast proves adept at moonwalks and break-dances -- and even tangos and tap -- not a one displays anything even closely approximating charisma.
0.375 It's the same movie as the earlier "gotta dance" over-choreographed crunk-and-breakdance epics. Exactly the same. Well, stripped of any hint of edge or sex appeal.
0.4 Sure, it's nifty enough to see dust particles swirling or hands swooshing at you, but mostly the 3-D muddles the invention and exquisiteness of the film's raison d'etre: the dancing.
0.6 Even if you've heard the one about the high-stakes dance contest that Manhattan street performers must win to hold onto their communal home, you've never seen it done quite like this.
0.4 If only there were more drop kicks and fewer banal lines.
0.6 Director Jon Chu is, to lesser acclaim, a modern day Busby Berkeley; he's a choreographer, not a storyteller.
0.4 While the 3D dance scenes pop off the screen, the lines -- and cliched plot -- are delivered with a resounding clunk.
0.75 It boasts a generous exuberance and, as entertainment products go, it's surprisingly sweet.
0.625 The 3D, as well as the rehashed plot, do little to enhance the frequently phenomenal dancing in this third "Step Up" film.
0.6 How can you not find a space in your heart for a 21st century villain saddled with the name Julien?
0.6 Two words: LASER FINGERS!
0.4 The ninth plague of Egypt: 3D films for those with a mental age of six.
0.6 This is all about the moves and on that score Step Up 3D is BFAB - blatant fun; almost brilliant.
0.4 Step Up 3D features superb 3D effects and suitably impressive dance sequences but it fails to connect on an emotional level...
0.6 All the energy goes into the dancing, which is considerable fun.
0.8 It's a contemporary movie musical that makes you feel genuinely sky-high.
0.6 If you can ignore what is an undoubted handful of shame thrown upon yourself by checking this film out, you'll have a great time along the way.
0.4 So devoid of spark and humour that no matter how loud or fast or yoof it gets, it still feels like an endless slog.
0.8 Some of the best street dancing ever committed to the big screen.
0.6 Get lyrical people, Step Up 3D is foot-tapping fun.
0.5 It's not good, but it's a lot of fun.
0.625 How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is.
0.7 ...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot
1.0 It's truly a masterpiece in the end.
0.7 This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.
0.7 I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used.
0.375 ...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation...
0.8 There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years.
0.6 Well-tread territory.
0.75 Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention.
0.75 There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better.
0.75 It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror.
0.625 The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable.
0.625 Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters.
0.75 This one makes you sweat.
0.75 The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul.
0.75 There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee.
1.0 That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext.
0.25 We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context.
0.7 Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us.
0.75 [Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning.
0.5 Murky and pretty near incomprehensible.
0.8 The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in.
0.6 A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning.
0.8 A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest.
0.75 Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted.
0.5 When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward.
0.9 Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years!
0.8 a delirious melange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours
0.75 It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror.
0.875 Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over.
0.625 Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development.
0.6 More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex.
0.8 Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary.
0.8 Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story.
0.7 Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!
0.625 Recommended for fans of groovy '60s and '70s, cult oddities.
0.75 If some concessions to Indian cinema convention don't work, that's compensated by still-suspenseful and involving storyline and the committed performances by the actors.
0.8 This most enduring adaptation of the Faustian moral fable is totally satisfying.
1.0 There has never been a more inventive nor engaging retelling of this classic story.
1.0 Dr Jekyll combines gothic horror, aristocratic romance and madcap Freudian psychodrama into a dizzying, exhilarating brew.
0.9 While some of the dialogue and acting may now seem arch, this remains a standout take on the classic novel, visually inventive and often surprisingly strong given the era in which it was made.
0.8 It's a lurid potboiler which is notable for some superb camera work (a long POV tracking shot at the beginning of the film for example), some innovative early special effects and some of the most deranged overacting you are ever likely to see.
0.8 Mamoulian's vision of Dr Jekyll's hidden life in the foggy Victorian underworld is fascinating.
0.8 Powerful performances from March and Hopkins and richly atmospheric cinematography help make for a memorable journey down Stevenson's "strange and terrible road."
0.8 The 1931 version of the Robert Louis Stevenson novella, directed by the great Rouben Mamoulian, is still the best version there is, far more frightening than the glossy MGM version Victor Fleming made a decade or so later.
0.9 Easily the best of the many versions of the Stevenson horror classic.
1.0 Great effects for its time and some incredible performances makes this a true cinema classic.
1.0 Transformations still amaze; best version to date.
0.6 It is an engaging, old-fashioned movie, using the right blend of thoughtful artistry and matinee thrills, with a touch of eroticism to spice things up.
0.7 Jekyll's predicament, his repressed sexual frustration...and the consequent release of this frustration as Hyde, must have been a pain for the censors to accept.
1.0 One of the most strikingly creative films of its era. Mamoulian piles innovative approach on top of innovative approach with dizzying speed to create a movie unlike any other.
0.5 Unable to explore the disturbingly misogynist undercurrents of the tale, the film is memorable mostly for the fine performances of the leads.
1.0 The story of how to become a new, better, more whole self... There is nothing less tragic than that.
1.0 Kieslowski...implies, not for the first or last time, a form of divine intervention or destiny at work... [Blu-ray]
1.0 Binoche's performance is brilliantly understated, and she conveys with minimal dialogue and outward affectation a woman who is internally in turmoil
0.75 Director Krzysztof Kieslowski's noted visual style is amply on display: images are transformed from the familiar into the unearthly, with a sense of dislocation permeating the whole.
1.0 Juliette Binoche stars in Blue, which was once considered the weakest of the trilogy but holds up better than one would have suspected.
0.8 In Blue, the first of the Three Color Trilogy, Polish filmmaker Kieslowski tackled unabashedly spiritual and existential issues through the graceful presence of French actress Juliette Binoche.
0.8 I was moved and touched by all three, and continue to ponder which is my favourite (but lately I'm thinking 'Blue.')
0.875 A fascinating mood piece.
1.0 As the French might say, "Se manifique.'
0.875 Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy is shaping up to be an admirable exercise in interconnected cinema, but for a truly transcendent experiment in this vein, it's hard to top Krzysztof Kieslowski's dazzling trio from 1993-94.
0.8 slow and difficult, and to some extent, that's what Kieslowski wanted
0.875 A powerful motion picture.
0.875 A challenge to the imagination.
0.8 Blue is a movie that engages the mind, challenges the senses, implores a resolution, and tells, with aesthetic grace and formal elegance, a good story and a political allegory.
0.8 A complex and fascinating character study of grief, directed with a mesmerizing grace.
0.5 While we have much to admire here, there is no way around it: Exit 67 is a thumpingly dull, pulp-free meditation on gangsta movies that comes with way too much earnest, self-conscious chatter.
0.6 Tense, twisting crime docu is deeply disturbing.
1.0 Know as little going in as possible. The film's tragedy predates Facebook and Twitter, but the rapid-fire way in which its memorials are edited and the scope of those offering them feels like social-network expression of grief - fast, immediate, unifying.
1.0 A powerful home movie about real-world evil and good
0.7 Filmmaker Kurt Kuenne set out to make a memorial about his best friend, Dr. Andrew Bagby, with the intention of giving the tribute to Dr. Bagby's son, Zachary, so the boy--unborn at the time of Dr. Bagby's brutal murder, would know about the father whom h
0.875 The most ambitious work of its kind.
1.0 Emocionalmente exaustivo. Nao, mais: devastador. Profundamente devastador.
0.9 After it's through, a lot will have been said about friendship, injustice, and both faith in and letdown from the legal system, along with the intriguing thought that moral fortitude provides both its own punishments and rewards.
0.5 A documentary that never should have been made, this film is maudlin tabloid journalism thrown onto the screen. All we get in the end is a cry for revenge.
0.75 Long after the credits roll one will be rendered both empty and lifted by a bewildered family's sudden forbidden journey into the abyss of emotional darkness.
1.0 Just take our advice and bring tissues. You're going to need them.
1.0 The phrase labor of love is so often tossed about, but Kurt Kuenne's emotionally wrenching documentary is absolutely that.
0.625 A sincere heartfelt documentary about life, death and murder.
0.8 a documentary of wrenching pathos
0.9 While it truly is a sad tale of friendship and loss, it is far more unexpected, anguished and absolutely sincere. You may see it coming, but you will feel the emotional impact that will haunt you for days.
1.0 This is one of the most emotionally transparent films ever made, and its gallery of heroes and villains trumps most of what you'll see in a multiplex this year.
1.0 Raw, powerful, haunting, and unforgettable.
0.7 An undeniably shattering story, if forgivably shaky in its impassioned, therapeutic unfolding.
0.875 Kuenne uses ingenious montages and judicious pacing tactics to drive through reams of evidence, legal codes and other data that, in most documentaries, would leave viewers' eyes glazed over.
0.8 This is a North American tragedy not of epic proportion, but of a deeply personal one.
0.8 Flaws aside, Dear Zachary is an impressive piece of work that easily ranks as one of the year's best documentaries.
0.75 A four-handkerchief documentary if there ever was one.
0.8 It is impossible not to be fired up by Kurt Kuenne's incendiary cri de coeur, Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father.
0.8 Dear Zachary will break your heart -- but don't even consider missing it.
0.85 Anyone who does not cry during Dear Zachary: A Letter To A Son About His Father is inhuman.
0.9 One of the most powerful and moving films this year, a personal film that perfectly captures the feelings of anger and loss that accompany a loved one's untimely death.
0.8 Dear Zachary's emotional intimacy is its greatest strength, and enough to get it through sections that seem more manipulative than meaningful.
0.8 One can hardly watch what an unimaginable breakdown of Canadian law enforcement and protection of the young cost in loss and sorrow as the tale turns almost too painful to bear.
1.0 Dear Zachary is not just Oscar-worthy material, but Oscar-requisite. If the Academy's documentary branch can't find a way to nominate this film (and then promptly reward it) then there's more than one corruption of justice that needs to be investigated.
1.0 Prepare to be equally angry and emotionally drained as you watch real, so-called justice in action. This film will be one of the best you're likely to see this year.
0.7 It's not Sundance without Joe Swanberg, and this is one of his best.
0.75 Some have complained that nothing really happens in "Digging for Fire," and there are no obvious stakes. Well, yeah. But just like that hill full of bones, it's what's going on under the surface that matters.
0.6 The Seinfeld of this year's Sundance, basically a movie with a lot of talking about nothing.
0.4 has so much potential but winds up being instantly disposable thanks to some truly bizarre artistic choices that are bound to alienate about 90% of the audience
0.8 Ultimately, Experimenter finds a glimmer of hope by simply revealing itself. Maybe if more people are educated about the dangers of obedience, they'll put up more resistance. It can't hurt to hope.
0.4 Only Sandra Bullock shines as Harper Lee.
0.75 Poor Toby Jones. In any other year, his work as Truman Capote would be in immediate awards contention.
0.8 Why not accept Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee? As it turns out, she's quietly terrific. Most of the supporting actors are.
0.6 Infamous doesn't feel like a remake. While it covers the same ground, the pitch is completely different. Where Capote was cool, distant and even antiseptic, Infamous is warmer and more emotionally fulfilling.
0.4 Una aproximacion mas bien superficial y declamatoria a Truman Capote y su investigacion previa a A Sangre Fria. En comparacion, la version de 2005 sale mucho mejor parada.
0.5 To recreate the gossipy Manhattan arena that Capote navigated with such ease and documented with such malice, you need dialogue that rings like scatter-shot and the film's script, written by its director Douglas McGrath, doesn't have it.
0.4 Revela-se nao somente desonesto, como decepcionantemente repulsivo.
0.7 For this film, it's the little pleasures---such as scenes of Capote writing and pages from legal pads stacked in rows---rather than the overall feeling and being engaged by it the entire time, which is a bit hard to do.
0.625 Suffers from the recent and lingering memory of the superior Capote.
0.7 ...more direct, perhaps more revealing, and certainly more graphic than the earlier Capote film.
0.8 Toby Jones defies the odds with an extraordinary impersonation of the author in Douglas McGrath's Infamous.
0.6 British actor Toby Jones plays Capote and certainly looks the part -- more so than Hoffman. It's a very good performance and Jones deserves his time in the spotlight.
0.6 On its own terms, this is an elegant, stimulating homage to a singular talent. Compared to Capote, though, it can't help but feel wanting.
0.6 A strange one this - Capote is a superior picture but Toby Jones is the superior Capote.
0.8 While less beguiling than Capote, Infamous remains a soulful and searching portrayal of the writer, carried with immense charm and vivacity by its leading man.
0.8 Tugs at the heartstrings, chills to the bone.
0.875 Last year, in my review of "Capote," I boldly declared that Philip Seymour Hoffman would win the Oscar. He did. I'm not going to make that same claim for Jones...Instead I'll keep my fingers crossed that come nomination day Jones' name is called.
0.8 This movie is full of subtle little gems that seem so small and mean so much and they all add up to one powerful film that shouldn't be missed.
0.6 It its another 'Truman' show you want, Infamous certainly will fill you up.
0.9 About a hundred times better than its famous predecessor.
0.83 ...a good enough movie rendered utterly superfluous by last year's Capote.
0.7 Infamous successfully captures a sense of the loneliness of a writer's life.
0.8 Impressively made, brilliantly acted and superbly written, this covers the same ground as Capote but comes at the story from a slightly different angle.
0.625 Infamous' powerhouse casting doesn't add much, since most of the big names -- Sigourney Weaver, Gwyneth Paltrow, Isabella Rossellini, Hope Davis, Juliet Stevenson, and director Peter Bogdanovich -- serve as little more than window dressing.
0.5 The film is as strangely unfocused as its title is. Several of the artistic decisions weaken the film. A good performance by Daniel Craig is perhaps the film's major asset.
0.875 Infamous is a thoughtful, emotional and oftentimes hysterical re-telling of Truman Capote's life-altering experience in Kansas. It might actually be better than that other Capote movie.
0.625 Tru or false: Toby Jones' letter-perfect performance as Truman Capote is better than Philip Seymour Hoffman's Oscar-winning turn in Capote. All things being equal, I'd vote for Jones, despite what has to be considered a case of bloody bad timing.
0.8 Coupled with "Capote," "Infamous" offers a unique opportunity to see the same background story interpreted by two disparate filmmakers.
0.625 As ambitious as it is, Infamous falters in execution too often to create a lasting impression.
0.7 Infamous actually fixes what I didn't like about Capote, yet goes in a direction different from the one I did like in the other film.
1.0 Jones, a little-known character actor taking a major leap in name recognition with one of the finest performances of the year, could easily make it back-to-back Oscar nominations for Capote as a character.
0.7 Toby Jones offers an impressive and believable performance as Capote, one that reflects more of the real author in all his flamboyance.
0.8 A bristly, jazzy tone and a perceptive script that plays on the characters' flamboyance.
0.8 Just as good as the other version.
0.5 In the most serious scenes..., Jones' mincing mannerisms are a distraction.
0.75 With a bit more discipline, McGrath's wide-ranging film would be the equal of its more straightforward, older brother, but Infamous' many charms deserve their own moment in the sun.
0.875 A career-defining role for (Toby) Jones, one that will wither beneath the shadow of Philip Seymour Hoffman's Oscar-winning turn.
0.75 Both [films] feature a cast of characters who are truly stranger than fiction and raise questions about the packaging of real-life events that resonate more powerfully than ever in the infotainment age.
0.75 It's a stellar cast, but you can't help but lament the bad timing.
0.625 No matter how noble the competitor, coming in second in a contest always feels like a lesser effort.
0.75 Infamous is quietly stolen by Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee.
0.75 [With Hoffman], it was easy to see Capote as someone truly extraordinary, perhaps a genius. Toby Jones... doesn't have that quality, though he does offer something almost as good: Watching him it's easy to believe he's really Truman Capote.
0.875 In this truth game, Capote is an ace and Infamous is a compelling queen, both in play for high stakes with In Cold Blood and Richard Brooks' scary 1967 film of it.
0.7 Bullock offers impressive, restrained support that gives the sometimes flighty film a necessary emotional anchor.
1.0 Capote received many accolades; Infamous deserves many more.
0.6 Infamous covers just enough new ground to be interesting, but it will always suffer by comparison.
0.625 Even judged on its own, though, McGrath's movie feels slightly misjudged.
0.875 Jones wears the title role so well that you simply forget he's acting, which wasn't true of Philip Seymour Hoffman last year when he gave a performance that deserved its Oscar. If Jones fails to pick up an Oscar nomination, he should pitch a hissy.
0.75 British actor Toby Jones is so physically right in the role, you'll think Capote is playing himself.
1.0 It's a movie that deserves to be considered not just in comparison to the excellent "Capote," but on its own merits, which are substantial.
0.75 [It] makes for a warmer movie about stone-cold killers and the sometimes icy realms of the upper crust. So does Sandra Bullock's more active, sometimes contentious portrayal of Harper Lee.
0.75 Whatever minor quibbles one may have with this film, there is no getting around the excellence of Jones' performance. It's flabbergasting.
0.8 Q: Did we need two Truman Capote movies? A: Yes. Actually, we probably need more.
0.625 Unlike its coolly detached brother, Infamous is right in your face, as amusing in flashes, and annoying for stretches, as any shallow little tyke.
0.75 McGrath focuses on Capote's own divided soul, where massive insecurity co-exists with great courage.
0.75 Infamous is one of the funniest sad movies in recent memory.
0.625 In the end, Infamous turns out to be the third-best movie built around the murders of the Clutter family of Holcomb, Kan., in 1959.
0.5 Ultimately, as a cautionary tale about fictionalized journalism, it's a clear case of the pot calling the kettle black.
0.75 Rarely do battling productions -- these two were shot mere months apart -- result in equally valid films, but that's the case here.
0.625 Resembles a Vanity Fair version of 'Hollywood Squares,' with the mincing Toby Jones doing his best Paul Lynde in the center square role of Capote.
0.5 Not since Valmont followed on the heels of Dangerous Liaisons has there been such a fascinating compare/contrast double feature.
0.875 Both films can and should be valued equally.
0.625 the folks with Capote got their movie out there first, while everyone associated with Infamous spends a lifetime shaking like Mel Gibson getting the DT's in rehab every time the comparisons start.
0.4 The picture gives off a tone of arch stylization that plays as artificial, overwrought and off-putting.
0.5 Should have come first for it would have been a perfect example for screenwriting students to see the difference between a first draft and a finished product.
0.875 We see Capote's charm in Infamous, which is a witty, heartfelt attempt to understand his contradictions rather than a condemnation of them.
0.75 Too broad to be a truly great film, but it does cheerily give lie to the assumption that the limits of Capote meant there was no reason to rehash this same story.
0.75 Bullock's warm, wise and penetrating presence as the To Kill a Mockingbird author -- Capote childhood friend, assistant and conscience -- is the soul of McGrath's sumptuously art-directed (by Judy Becker) and scored (by Rachel Portman) film.
0.5 Infamous isn't able to convey the great sense of guilt and responsibility Capote wrestled with -- he needed a man who trusted him to die in order to finish his book -- becoming instead a more superficial and pedestrian tale of doomed love.
0.5 Writer-director Douglas McGrath can't decide whether to maintain a comic or tragic tone and falls on his face halfway between them.
0.625 I walked out of Infamous and across the street into a bookstore, where I purchased both Plimpton's book and Gerald Clarke's biography, which served as the basis for Capote. Clearly, the fascination has not yet been quelled.
0.9 A freewheeling, effervescent and unpredictable take on a now-predictable story, Infamous not only trumps Miller's film as a mood piece but generates plenty of oddball humor and superb period detail to make it one of the year's best movies.
0.75 Far from vanishing in its predecessor's wake, Infamous demonstrates how a potent story can inspire distinctly different interpretations.
0.625 While Infamous does suffer in comparison [to Capote], any real complaints end there.
0.5 If the cogs of the movie-making machine are going to keep turning out the exact same movie, why do I have to write up a whole new review?
0.8 Toby Jones, the British actor with the impossible task of following an Oscar winner, gives a stellar, idiosyncratic performance as Capote.
0.625 It's a literate and meticulously argued film in its own right, but one that would be best appreciated by those who missed the first one.
0.8 There is no reason to choose between Bennett Miller's Capote, which came out almost exactly a year ago, and Douglas McGrath's Infamous, which opens today... Both stand out above the biopic pack.
0.75 Whereas Capote was cold and atmospheric and almost surgical in its storytelling, Infamous is told in a more accessible and emotionally gratifying manner.
0.625 By the end ... Infamous more or less finds itself, after trying a little bit of everything.
0.1 Enough, already! How many more times are we going to have to see this story onscreen? Each time it gets worse, and this is so bad it makes 118 minutes seem like 118 hours.
0.75 Should not be blamed for unfortunate timing but commended for looking at the subject in a different, deeper way.
0.75 Toby Jones is quite good as Truman, even if he doesn't provide as many psychological shadings to his portrayal as Philip Seymour Hoffman did in his Oscar-winning turn.
0.5 ...the lip-lock between Jones and Craig is the movie's kiss of death.
0.7 If you ever wondered what Capote might be like as a comedy ... offers another entertaining side to the same story.
0.5 Toby Jones's Capote is never anything more than a silly buffoon, who doesn't appear to have a brain in his head. His Capote appears incapable of any literary accomplishment.
0.75 Capote was at times cool and antiseptic, but Infamous is warmer and more emotionally satisfying.
0.875 Cunningly emphasizes the vast distinction between the idle rich and the drama's plainspoken wounded.
0.875 Infamous is a film about flashy facades and what lies beneath them.
0.625 Jones looks more like the small, impish Capote than Hoffman does -- he has the nasal whine down pat -- but his performance fails to cut as deep into the complexities of the man. Neither does the movie.
0.5 The film stretches plausibility.
0.4 although not offensively bad, there is little to recommend this knockabout comedy.
0.5 "The Last Godfather" is more harmlessly amiable than outright awful, though it might still be best to just forget about it.
0.9 For those of us who love Hammer horror, this is an unmarred example of all the reasons why.
0.4 Perhaps the most deadly dull in a series that had run out of steam.
0.875 One of the finest of the seven entries in Hammer's Frankenstein cycle.
0.875 [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
0.625 Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
1.0 With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
0.8 This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
1.0 Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
0.875 Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
0.875 This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
0.8 The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
1.0 Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
0.8 It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
0.875 A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
0.75 Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
0.875 Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
1.0 All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
1.0 This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
0.875 Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
0.7 Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
0.875 An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
1.0 As beautiful as it is poignant.
0.875 A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
0.875 The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
0.75 The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
0.875 Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
0.8 But the film is, on the whole, a full, meaty treat, striking not only in its subject-matter and the approach to it, but also in its pin-sharp detailing of nature and the speed and grace with which the characters move.
0.9 Calling this film a 'kid's film,' however, completely misses the point. It is instead a film for the young at heart and those who still appreciate honor, valor, love, and the earth.
1.0 A breathtaking saga of man versus nature, of gods and men, of bravery, nobility and redemption.
0.875 Unlike most animated motion pictures, which have a relatively limited scope, Princess Mononoke is an epic saga, a fantasy adventure of great ambition and extent.
0.85 Princess Mononoke is a remarkable blend of fantastic imagination and relevant moral questions.
0.6 I was somewhat disappointed by the mundane story it presented, but the fashion in which it presented it made it completely worthwhile.
0.75 Brooding, occasionally bloody and often abstract, it explores animation's dramatic potential in wonderous ways.
0.75 Miyazaki portrays nature with a breathtaking touch.
0.875 This is clearly not a movie for kids under 10, as decapitations and maimings aren't that uncommon and the story is detailed, filled with subplots, and low on cookie-cutter characters and cutesy sidekicks.
0.875 A haunting, beautiful film that holds your attention despite its length and its complex plot.
0.75 It's an art film, a densely plotted and visually stunning piece of animation, and not a movie for everybody.
0.875 Here is a film that reaches for unforeseen heights, and surpasses them.
0.625 Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology.
1.0 The result, while not a substitute for the original, will still astound audiences with its mesmerizing vision.
0.875 Hayao Miyazaki has created a world simply unlike any you've seen.
0.8 The 135 minutes that Miyazaki takes to put across his many motifs are deserved considering the complexity of his task and the movie, which avoids repetition despite the many battles, does not fail to entertain.
1.0 Absolutely breathtaking!
0.9 Go in with an open mind, clear your expectations, and let it do its thing. Trust me.
0.8 The film, which runs almost two and a half hours, is paced exceedingly well and never feels too long.
0.7 ...easily one of the best-looking animated features in years.
0.7 It is definitely too much of a good thing.
0.6 The real revelation in the film is the depth and complexity of its mythology and storytelling, which manage to overcome the problems with the human story.
0.5 The movie does have potential, but in its present state it's a disappointment that few will enjoy immensely.
0.6 I think this is a medium Loach film.
0.6 In a way this is Loach-lite; it's a decent, concerned film but perhaps a little too pat and a little too familiar, though it's beautifully made.
0.6 Shows a more optimistic side of the filmmaker than audiences may have come to expect
0.6 Ireland's misty blue vistas make an appealing backdrop, and Norton and progressive cleric Andrew Scott share some compelling scenes.
0.5 There are vibrant issues here, but Paul Laverty's screenplay never gives the characters more than one dimension. They're stifled as debating points.
0.8 This (possible) swansong from Brit veteran Ken Loach contains some of his finest work in years.
0.8 A really delightful dramatic swan song for Loach, should he stick to his tragic threat of retirement.
0.8 t's been rumoured that Jimmy's Hall is Ken Loach's swan song, and if it is, it's definitely an inspiring note to go out on.
0.6 All told, it's perhaps best seen as a celebration of a man who stands up for his beliefs - almost like a testament to Loach himself.
0.6 Something sparks thanks to Jim Norton's robust but nuanced performance as the cantankerous, obsessive hardliner Father Sheridan, whom he brings to life with terrifying fire and not a little caustic humour.
0.6 You'll laugh and you'll fume. That is what we've come to expect.
0.8 While its depiction of 1930s rural Irish life seems a mite more picturesque than it does lived in, the scenes in which characters air their grievances and debate their communal response, as ever in Loach's films, are full of urgency and hope and life.
0.6 Jimmy's Hall is covered in a misty-eyed nostalgia at times but it is also infused with a sense of melancholy and anger.
0.7 It's not the Devil, but the Communists who have all the best tunes in 1930's Ireland. Jazz tunes that have the local community jiving in Jimmy's Hall, an entertaining tale of Reds, raves and political repercussions.
0.6 It all looks grand (thanks to Loach's regular cinematographer Robbie Ryan) but the lush greens and russet reds tweely disguise any red-bloodedness. This is minor Loach.
0.8 Cinematographer Robbie Ryan coaxes the screen to marvels.
0.6 If it proves to be Loach's swan song, it's a graceful note to bow out on.
0.6 Loach and Laverty are obliged to emphasise the violence to stoke the fire in Jimmy's belly, because all they have to define their hero are the forces that oppose him.
0.8 Jimmy's Hall is is one of the sunniest, most optimistic films in the Ken Loach canon.
0.8 It all looks great, a dream of Ireland before the blissful bungalows.
0.6 It's a warm, romantic little period drama, with inspirational messages about working for "need not greed". But its rousing music is the only element that gets the heart beating faster.
0.4 Loach has created an impassioned and socially conscious film about a fascinating working-class Irish hero.
0.4 Loach has done better before; hopefully in the future he will again.
0.85 It's to Burnett's credit that he is able to observe problems of class and race without narrowing his vision to become an 'issues movie' or a sermon.
1.0 The fantastic thing about this beautiful film is how little it tries to make a statement about anything; it is, simply, life.
0.875 A film that is hard to forget.
0.75 It may fill you with despair or offer up relief, but you will not be unmoved.
0.8 Burnett's empathy for his characters is obvious, and his carefully composed vignettes provide a host of indelible images...
0.875 As timeless as the human condition.
1.0 Don't go to Killer of Sheep expecting a conventional movie experience. This is an art film, a realistic-yet-poetic examination of a time and place and the people stranded there.
1.0 Burnett's documentarian empathy, coupled with his easygoing skill as a dramatic essayist, result in a film that doesn't look, feel or breathe like any American work of its generation.
0.875 ...his [Burnett's] tale about a south central Los Angeles neighborhood is stunning, and it holds up remarkably well.
0.94 ...about staying put and standing up - about what it means to be a man, or more precisely an adult, in a battering world that, at the end of the day, leaves you too tired to move.
1.0 Not much seems to be happening in Killer of Sheep, but in reality every moment counts.
1.0 It's truly rare to find something this original, honest and insightful.
1.0 A time capsule of 1970s style and attitude that remains utterly timeless in its respect for its characters and its recognition of the despair, passion, boredom, playfulness and cruelty nurtured not just by life in the ghetto but by life itself.
0.75 [A] gem ...
1.0 A milestone of eloquent understatement that captures the daily life of have-nots as few American movies have.
0.875 A worthy, fascinating film that shows the influence of Bresson and of the Italian neorealists.
1.0 Using the word art may seem like a lazy label, but it is shorthand for a beauty and a peculiar magic that has to be experienced first-hand to be understood.
1.0 If this film had been more widely available, it would have a secure place not only as the greatest achievement in African-American cinema but also as one of the great achievements in cinema, period.
1.0 Everything about Burnett's film has multiple meanings, even its title.
1.0 Though not tautly connected, the various segments generate memorable images and give a feeling for a community and for a family that would be impossible with conventional narrative.
1.0 So sad. So lovely. So profound.
1.0 as powerful and moving a film as it's been rumored to be.
0.7 Killer of Sheep takes on a life of its own through examining poverty, and the occasional moments of pure clarity and beauty within the misery with stark black and white photography, and realism that's almost startling in its form on screen.
0.8 ... still has the power to move us.
0.9 Killer of Sheep, largely hidden from view for three decades, is an American masterpiece, independent to the bone.
1.0 Thirty years after its creation, Charles Burnett's debut feature still hits with the force of revelation.
0.75 In this blueprint are all sorts of interesting and unusual things.
1.0 [A] perfect film.
0.9 A film with a depth of feeling seldom scene in commercial cinema, Charles Burnett's student project of life in LA's Watts neighborhood is a textbook of neo-realism and of the artistic use of the film media stripped to its basics.
1.0 The 'hood as a vast, urban quicksand where the dreams and potential of a generation of African-Americans are being swallowed up wholesale.
1.0 A gritty, grainy slice of everyday lumpen American black struggle.
0.4 The dialogue, which is read with either insufficient or excessive emphasis by the nonactors, is often buried under a soundtrack of vintage blues, making it doubly hard to follow. Even the slaughter of the sheep is numbingly uneventful.
1.0 The rare film which achieved classic status without a commercial release.
1.0 It shouldn't be missed.
1.0 Killer of Sheep lives up to its official designation as a national treasure.
1.0 The fly-on-the-wall narrative observes the life of a slaughterhouse worker who grapples with poverty, misbehaving children, and the allure of violence.
0.8 Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
0.8 Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
1.0 There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
0.8 A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
0.875 [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
1.0 A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
0.8 Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
0.91 Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
0.5 Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
0.875 More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
0.7 Leto's layered performance as the nattily dressing dandy with no remorse is truly impressive.
0.6 Un buen ejemplo de cine negro, genero fuera de moda que aun conserva su encanto.
0.4 Noir-ish murder tale is far too dark for kids.
0.61 Except for the fact that innocent lives are lost here, it would be easy to walk away from Lonely Hearts saying "so what?".
0.7 A consistently entertaining and occasionally gut-wrenching tale that deserves at least some measure of notice.
0.4 The only juice in Lonely Hearts comes from the thousands of volts shooting through the electric chair in which Martha and Ray are executed in back-to-back scenes that are disturbingly detailed and drawn out.
0.8 Most astute is Leto's impeccable representation of an amoral snake of a man with the looks and sociopathology to fulfill the requirements of his abject trade.
0.333333333333 Where's James Ellroy when you need him?
0.625 Hayek is a standard-issue femme fatale, damaged on the inside but flawless on the surface.
0.625 When Hayek and Leto are onscreen, you do not look away.
0.75 Their amorality isn't presented in a conventional manner; it's depicted in an unremarkable, matter-of-fact style that makes it all the more realistic -- and all the more unsettling.
0.625 It's with the focus on the police, though, that the script fails to truly connect.
0.5 A rather plodding movie.
0.5 Oddly sterile.
0.625 While writer-director Robinson may have known and loved a key character, he hasn't really figured out a good way to bring his story to life.
0.7 A beautifully photographed remake of 1970 cult B-movie The Honeymoon Killers succeeds better than many in balancing the philosophical with the visceral, although its villains' dirty deeds still trump its deeper strain of melancholy.
0.6 While not much of a detective story, [director] Robinson's period film does provide a captivating look at the dynamics that turn Fernandez and Beck into serial killers.
0.5 Strongly focused when it comes to atmosphere. But it strains too hard to contain its disparate plot elements.
0.6 The movie never quite clicks because it insists on telling two stories - one that is dramatic and one that slowly peters out, neither of which complement each other.
0.375 One more dip into the tin-eared neo-noir well.
0.5 If you like true crime stuff, this is worth a look
0.5 Lonely Hearts can't help but trip on its Hollywood aesthetic standards.
0.625 Thin Ice's troubled production history - the film was famously taken away from director Jill Sprecher and re-edited following its Sundance premiere - can't quite dampen what is, for the most part, an entertaining little comedy/thriller...
0.5 It builds suspense slowly and surely as things begin to come apart for Kinnear, but it eventually grows tiresome and the twist ending is still a bit hard to swallow.
0.88 ...the film that has made its way into theaters is no disgrace to any of the names in the credits. Still, it would be very interesting to see the movie that the Sprechers intended to make.
0.625 The movie's gently snowbound Midwestern setting blunts some of the story's harsher edges, and the characters mostly feel real.
0.6 ... the ride is pretty giddy ...
0.5 It's just a little slow getting started.
0.5 The movie never fully clicks.
0.625 Sprecher and her co-writer sister Karen seem to have gone through a card file of used ideas to cobble together this black comedy.
0.625 An amusingly nerve-wracking trek into the snow and out onto the ice with those funny folks in the land of "you betcha."
0.8 It's convoluted and clever, and on that score it works quite nicely. But if you're looking for something substantial beyond this, you're looking for a different movie.
0.5 A climactic twist tries to make the movie that preceded it more interesting in retrospect than it was while it unfolded, but the plot is too implausible -- too unbelievable, really -- to be clever.
0.5 Thin Ice is choppy, its tone jumps, it has an unnecessary voice-over, and one wonders about the easy, sappy ending. One also wonders what the original movie was like before it fell through the thin ice of manipulation.
0.75 As a caustic comedy, "Thin Ice" resides just slightly south of "Fargo."
0.4 If Mickey were a little less sneaky, he'd be the perfect protagonist for these hard economic times.
0.8 Ingenious, cleverly plotted engima.
0.6 The strong ensemble makes the relatively weak script easier to take as the film skates over some treacherous rough patches but never falls through.
0.75 Call me a sucker, but Thin Ice played me like a violin.
0.75 There's nothing like the macabre to bring intrigue to an ordinary life, and nothing like the logistics of body disposal to challenge an insurance salesman.
0.9 Terrific performances by Kinnear, Crudup, and Arkin highlight this terrific black comedy.
0.5 If only the film were as good as Kinnear.
0.5 The movie is familiar and generic, a pastiche that often reminds you of other, better films.
0.75 Kinnear and director Jill Sprecher make you feel Mickey's squirming desperation, even if the ending feels like a cop-out.
0.625 In the end, it's a little too much like its own main character. It wants the big results. But it's not willing to put in the hard work to really earn them.
0.6 With a wink, a nudge and a heaping portion of Midwestern charm, "Thin Ice" reels us in.
0.75 Director Jill Sprecher keeps things moving at a fast and funny pace, with the narrative's sleazy underpinnings well disguised by the Upper Midwestern niceties.
0.5 With a handful of blackly humorous jolts and some game performances by a good cast, "Thin Ice" is a watchable, if not terribly original, piece of Midwestern noir.
0.4 It would like to remind you of "Fargo" - what with all the snow, the grubbiness and greed, the exaggerated accents and off-kilter rhythms - and it kind of does, but in a dispiriting way.
0.875 Director Jill Sprecher and sister/writer Karen Sprecher have applied several layers of plot to their chilly thriller, and it's a kick to watch it play out.
0.6 There is some sinister fun to be had in watching Kinnear skating toward disaster on ice that is very thin indeed.
0.75 Jill Sprecher's "Thin Ice" is a small, likable movie about a small, not particularly likable man.
0.75 Thin Ice is deeper than it first appears.
0.875 This is an icy cocktail of greed, betrayal and murder to be savored.
0.25 It takes too long for us to get the information we need to interest us in what's going on, there's no wit or suspense and all of the characters are unpleasant.
0.7 Some may think of it as jayvee Coen brothers or Hitchcock -- the influences are obvious -- but Sprecher brings her own style to the movie.
0.9 The Sprecher sisters stay on message with another thought-provoking morality play about ethics in times when dishonesty reigns.
0.7 While Kinnear is a good choice for this particular film's leading man, it is Crudup that really steals the show.
0.6 When a movie is this predicated on aping the Coen brothers (effectively, it should be added, in fits and starts), surprise won't be its strong suit.
0.375 The icy fatalism of film noir is turned to slush by Thin Ice, a crime saga that reduces its chosen genre to a series of atonal, old-hat cliches.
1.0 True story of a Jewish pianist; OK for older kids.
0.75 While the film itself may not live up to the advance hype, Brody exceeds expectations.
0.8 Une belle reussite fait menant a une reflexion honnete sur un sujet face auquel on aurait pu croire que tout aavait deja ete dit.
1.0 We have been to these ghettos before, seen the skeletons (both alive and dead), smelled the burning. It's not a movie at all for us, is it?
1.0 By comparison, Schindler's List is Pretentious Hollywood crap.
0.8 Polanski, like so many performers and artists' managers of the present day, makes the classic mistake of not trusting the art.
1.0 As a result of the attention to detail and commitment of Polanski and Brody, this is a harrowing, realistic story of what it was like to live in the Warsaw Ghetto and under Nazi occupation.
0.875 As someone whose Holocaust memories are burned into his psyche, Polanski finds the no-frills truth in this devastated landscape.
0.8 The fact that the director never once caves into easy sentiment or cheap hectoring is almost as amazing as the story itself.
1.0 As the ghetto atrocities increase, Roman Polanski gets to the core of his brilliance as a director - his ability to balance the film's exterior nightmares with Szpilman's internal hell.
0.875 Emotional engagement has never been one of Polanski's strong suits, but the film succeeds in spite of that.
0.8 It's the rare film which can still grab your attention months after viewing, and The Pianist was one of them.
1.0 (Brody's] performance is a marvel of wary tenacity and unquenchable humanity.
0.75 A haunting tale of survival that helps us to further understand a horrifying and unforgettable chapter in our constantly checkered history.
0.875 'El Pianista es, sin duda alguna, la obra maestra de Polanski. Es una vision humana de un hecho inhumano, un recordatorio de que el espiritu del hombre es mas grande que cualquier conflicto.'
1.0 POWERFUL seems too small a word to describe The Pianist, a masterpiece from a master film-maker.
1.0 Sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramaticos para arrancar lagrimas do espectador, O Pianista e um filme triste sem que, para isso, precise ser emocionante.
1.0 ...An absolute must-see for anyone who cares about history and what the cinema can do to document it.
0.75 Polanski's anger and sadness emanate from virtually every frame.
0.75 Roman Polanski reminds why he is one of the world's greatest living filmmakers.
0.875 "The Pianist" is a testament that truth is stranger, and far more moving, than fiction.
0.875 If this film doesn't inspire you, nothing will.
1.0 One man's true story set against the Holocaust is a haunting, beautiful tale of humanity, horror and hope.
0.9 Brody is in nearly every frame of the film, and he must not only carry the film's heart, but also its soul and mind. We must feel his agonies, and we do.
1.0 The film is one of the best on the subject. Though it inevitably invites comparisons with Schindler's List, Polanski's is a very different more deeply disturbing one that does not get its importance confused with the subject.
0.875 'For The Pianist, the starkness is real in its inherent absorption -- looking at a grotesque period in history was never so revealing, oddly poetic and heartwarming.'
0.875 Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood, and captures them by freeing them from artefact, and by showing them heartbreakingly drably.
0.8 It is unwatchably harrowing. And the images of devastation are positively retina-scorching.
1.0 Adrien Brody's Oscar-winning performance is nothing short of miraculous.
0.4 Brody is good and there are one or two impressive sequences, but it's a mystery as to how this won the Palme D'Or.
0.9 Brody's performance is worthy of an Oscar nomination.
1.0 There are films so meaningful that to miss them is to miss part of our collective education. Roman Polanski's The Pianist is such a picture.
0.4 Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart; very meticulously but without any passion.
0.75 Tells a fascinating, compelling story.
0.75 The film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people.
0.875 Joins Polanski and Szpilman's memories into a concerto of grief with stunning accompaniment by Brody.
0.9 Any movie that can make you sit bolt upright in your seat at the extinguishing of a make-believe life has proved itself an adept advocate for real ones.
0.8 Brody is a sublimely haunting presence at the heart of The Pianist.
1.0 The Pianist is Polanski's best film.
0.9 Roman Polanski's film, his best, draws on his own experience to create one of the most realistic accounts of Warsaw's two uprisings.
1.0 a powerful, deeply moving film that encapsulates one man's experience as a way of speaking to the greatest tragedy of the 20th century
0.8 A wonderful, ghastly film.
0.875 This material means something to Polanski and, because of this, he brings personal details that might have evaded another filmmaker.
1.0 The Pianist lingers like the long-held final note of a nocturne.
0.875 Brody tracks Szpilman's descent from smug celebrity to feral, starving man with uncommon subtlety.
0.875 The action is so engrossing that I didn't notice the actual filmmaking.
0.875 A portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake.
0.8 A near masterpiece.
0.875 The horror is so inhuman, yet so commonplace, that we think we must be dreaming.
1.0 It shattered me like no other film since Dead Man Walking.
0.8 A searing, often staggering portrait of survival, the film takes the position of the outsider looking in, much like Polanski's recent position in filmmaking circles.
0.7 A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience; The Pianist does not.
0.875 An unusually careful, intelligent film.
1.0 The Pianist is a devastating story of survival, and a tribute to the redemptive powers of art.
1.0 The Holocaust has been the subject of many films. The Pianist is one of the great ones.
1.0 By combining the persistence of things -- and so many perishable lives -- with the mellifluousness of Chopin, Polanski gets from an excellent cast and a strong script his grave witness to the agonies of the Jews and his native land.
0.875 It is a chilling account, as barren of emotions as a Samuel Beckett play, and yet it is indescribably moving.
1.0 A triumphant return for a director who has not lived up to his potential in the past two decades.
0.875 This is not a thriller, and avoids any temptation to crank up suspense or sentiment; it is the pianist's witness to what he saw and what happened to him.
1.0 Polanski's achievement here is to avoid the Holocaust porn of post-Schindler's List cinema and show us the ghetto's daily grind.
1.0 The brilliance of The Pianist, a film that stands with any of the great dramas about the Holocaust, is not that its story is so unbelievable, but that it is so relentlessly matter-of-fact.
0.8 Roman Polanski recreates this story with a great deal of passion.
0.875 It's a film whose every moment bristles with the weight of these events on Szpilman's psyche, thanks to a devastating performance by Adrien Brody.
0.8 Ranks up there with some of the best and most memorable pictures about the time, place and subject matter at hand.
1.0 The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make.
0.78 Starts slowly, but Adrien Brody - in the title role - helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying.
0.875 The Pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we, today, can prevent its tragic waste of life. Here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life, his dignity and his music.
1.0 The Pianist is an multi-note concerto masterpiece for the screen.
0.7 Szpilman's experience on the screen is harrowing, yes, but rarely do we feel like we are inside the man's head ... Otherwise, The Pianist is fine work.
1.0 It is a harsh-but incredibly moving-piece of filmmaking, a work of genuine depth and sensibility that never loses its focus or compromises its integrity.
0.75 It is in essence irrefutable, brutal evidence of a coven, and even we doubt poor Rosemary.
0.8 An unqualified success both dramatically and artistically.
0.375 Cartoonish in some parts, ham-handed in others and very un-Polanski.
0.875 Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style.
1.0 One of the best films of the year, and one for the ages.
0.75 After directing five clunkers in a row, Roman Polanski returns to form with the highly personal Holocaust drama The Pianist.
0.875 The Pianist is a dark film, but it also a triumph, a story not just of survival, but of the spirit prevailing.
0.875 It's an overdue rebound for 69-year-old Polanski.
0.9 One of the very few nondocumentary movies about Jewish life and death under the Nazis that can be called definitive.
1.0 With The Pianist, Polanski's strange genius serves Szpilman's remembrance and, in doing so, rescues his legacy from the blunder of much of the director's recent work.
0.7 Authentic war movie featuring an impressive showing by lead Adrien Brody.
0.8 A film not so much about horror than about surviving horror, The Pianist is an amazingly brilliant addition to the film documentation of the Holocaust.
0.875 Not since 1974's Chinatown has Polanski reached such dramatic heights.
0.8 This is the story of someone who lived to tell an unspeakable tale, told by someone with stories enough to do justice to its integrity.
0.8 In concentrating on one man's experience, The Pianist offers an unusually clear picture of the war and the times.
0.875 Brody's performance is flawless, graduating ever so gradually from ironic resignation to pure animal desperation.
0.9 It's an unforgettable story, and a welcome return to form for Polanksi.
0.8 Memorable as a showcase for Brody's superb talent.
0.8 It is a tale full of silent fury, a profound portrait of survival within the most dire of conditions.
0.75 What happened to the pianist and what he saw are clear, but who he is and what these experiences meant to him are absent.
0.9 Although not on a level with "Schindler's List," Roman Polanski and his creative cohorts impeccably, poignantly recreate the atrocities of that sad, horrifying era of 20th-century history.
0.75 Brody made me understand his character's torment but more in a clinical way than in an emotional one. Polanski needed just a bit more depth in his protagonist.
0.5 Proceed with caution.
0.75 Polanski demonstrates his devotion to his material by finding a way to play the classical compositions almost in their entirety rather than as fragments, stressing the importance of the instrument as much to the story as to the man.
0.8 An incredibly moving and devastatingly brilliant film that will ultimately be hailed as the director's near masterpiece.
0.8 One of the most straightforward views of survival that we've seen in this genre. It's not for everyone, but it is worth seeing.
0.7 Wladyslaw's isolation is the only thing that really separates The Pianist from the scores of other films with similar content.
0.75 During its last hour, The Pianist achieves something that approaches near transcendence.
0.6 When watching [The Pianist], the experience is a dutiful one, a slow march to uplift. But in hindsight the meanings become clearer.
0.9 It rings with the truth of real-life experience, based of course on Szpilman's account and mixed with Polanski's own life.
0.875 Adrien Brody proves that Tom Hanks is not the only actor who can hold the screen alone for a prolonged period of time.
0.7 A worthy Holocaust drama and a welcome return to form for Roman Polanski.
1.0 Boldly erotic and playfully ponderous about sins of the flesh, "Thirst" rips open its bodice, and various veins, with arterial sprays of carnage and carnality. It's a savage, frank, fanged fusion of "Double Indemnity" and "The Postman Always Rings Twice."
0.8 Perhaps no auteur is as suited to the vampire genre as South Korean director Park Chan-wook, a man who has made a career out of films full of sexual perversity, doomed romances and a seemingly insurmountable volume of blood.
0.8 The degrees of shock, the foreshadowing and throwbacks throughout (both visual and in dialogue) all seem diminutive next to the amazing performances by the male and female lead.
0.5 click to read full review
0.8 The story of a noble priest resurrected as a vampire and plunged into a life of desire is opulently brought to the screen by one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 What sets Park's film apart from the standard vampire picture has more to do with its tone, characterizations, and its strange blend of lyricism and pitch-black comedy.
0.75 Just when you thought you'd seen everything that could possibly be done with vampires, along comes something like Thirst.
0.6 Park is clearly an exceptional director capable of being weirdly funny, quirkily fantastical, brutal and sexy, sometimes at one and the same time. There's no one quite like him.
0.7 Park directs with his usual eye-catching skill and attention to gruesome detail, and creates a story with strong emotional resonance.
0.8 A rollicking, hysterical splatter-sex-comedy only confirms 'Thirst' as one of the year's more extreme, enjoyable entertainments.
0.6 Not one of Park's best films, but it has bite.
0.8 This fervid extravaganza is easily Park's best film since Oldboy.
0.8 A baroque shocker of sensuous unease and cinematic excess marbled with veins of jet-black comedy, Thirst is far from a perfect film, but it might still prove to be a great one.
0.7 Chan-wook's film is as gluttonous and stylish as I'm a Cyborg, but fortunately Thirst's renewed appetite for bloodlust and self-annihilation suits the director's pyrotechnics better.
0.6 While its most dazzling scenes recall David Cronenberg's The Fly and Schrader's Catpeople, it topples into self-parody in spells, as if John Waters was remaking In The Realm Of The Senses.
0.6 A fresh spin on the vampire myth resulting in a wildly inventive and blackly comic horror. Pity it's got more padding than the average fat suit.
0.8 Gruesome, disturbing, definitely over-long but strangely moving, Thirst brings vivid new ideas to an overworked genre.
0.6 Once on course, he is uncontrollable. I don't mean the hero, I mean the director. Park's gallows wit and visual inventiveness keep us alert for an hour amid the ramshackle story structuring.
0.6 The film is way too long, and quite sick, though Park's demented lyricism will stay with you.
0.8 Unleashing torrents of stylishly shot blood-letting he mocks the anaemic approach to the carnal undercurrents of vampire lore favoured by western cinema.
0.6 An enjoyable, extremely stylish and well acted vampire drama that builds to a terrific finale, though it's also overlong, struggles to find the right tone and drags considerably in the middle section.
0.7 The over-long duration makes it a gruelling journey at times, but it's worth sticking to the end, just to see what the hell Park will come up with next.
0.7 The heart of Thirst may be a vampire film but its soul is a morality play, while its flesh is a sensuous playground of desire.
0.8 It's a production of sensational confidence.
0.6 Thirst is a grim antidote to the sanitized, pale young things of Twilight, Supernatural and True Blood.
0.875 Leave it to Park Chan-Wook to put a stake in any pretty, romanticized notions of the undead in down and dirty, daring and dynamic style.
0.625 Beautifully shot and willing to grapple with morality in ways both serious and playful Thirst entertains without moralizing, though it frequently lacks narrative drive.
0.625 Thirst begins with great intellectual and artistic promise, then devolves into a repetitious mess of teeth, blades, necks, bites, arterial sprays, sex, sex, sex and death.
0.75 Thirst's moments of brilliance leave you hungry for more.
0.75 Thirst keeps coming up against the limitations of its various inspirations like a bumper car on a crowded court. On almost every other level, the film's audaciously entertaining, at times even quite moving. You just have to have the stomach for it.
0.875 It's a pretty terrific movie -- unruly, a little attenuated in its unexpectedly lyrical third act, but clearly the work of a major director.
0.625 Park's welcome streak for dark comedy does overcome the monotony here and there, but when the sun finally comes up we're left with little but scattered particles of something that tried to do something good, but ultimately failed.
0.75 Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept, and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst.
0.75 Thirst is juicy filmmaking -- psychologically rich, cathartic, kinky, visually engaging and almost free of vampire-movie cliches.
0.7 The story is mostly riveting, in a chaotic kind of way.
0.625 Too bad the film never quite gets the blood pumping in the viewer, which may be a failure of Park's to define his audience.
0.6 Full of ache and desire, Tae-ju seems the ultimate embodiment of the title of Park Chan-wook's new film, Thirst (Bakjwi).
0.8 Just when we've set our brains on ponder, the picture muddies all hope of contemplation with flashes of the fearlessly eccentric imagery for which Park has become famous, and some of the slurpiest sex scenes to be found in any recent R-rated movie.
0.6 One part myth, one part vampire and one part over the top hilarity is a promising combination, but this story doesn't add enough to the overused vampire genre to succeed.
0.6 Initially invigorating, chilling and mildly suspenseful while balanced with just the right amount of dark comedy, but it occasionally veers into a tedium of awkwardness and over-the-top bizarreness that lacks surprises.
0.75 Feeling anemic? Allow Dr. Musetto to prescribe large quantities of human blood. You'll find plenty of it in Thirst, from Park Chan-wook, one of South Korea's leading filmmakers.
0.8 Park has created a rumination on morality and mortality that is not at all deadly, but funny and profound and at times intensely erotic.
0.75 At a time when so much of popular culture is turning the vampire into just another gently exotic, vulnerable lover, Park brings things back to bloody basics.
0.5 Soaked in blood though it is, Thirst leaves some essential cravings unsatisfied.
0.5 Thirst's excesses will entertain some viewers, but if you want coherence, look elsewhere.
0.625 Thirst is at least a half-hour too long. The story goes off course with pointless distractions and feeds on non-stop grisliness.
0.75 Thirst isn't exactly out for scares or thrills; it's more like an old-time Hollywood melodrama with fangs; think A Place in the Sun with bloodsuckers.
0.8 It's tempting to call it True Blood East, but any comparisons to existing vampire sagas shortchange the unique appeal of Park's vision.
0.4 Overlong by a half-dozen blood spurts and tonally frantic
0.625 From the sweltering, acrobatic sex to the bone-crunching suckings and slayings, Tae-ju's angrily orchestrated mayhem rhymes perfectly with Chan-wook's voracious style.
0.6 Thirst casts a hypnotic visual spell over its vampiric goings-on.
0.7 It's a highbrow, critically acclaimed movie that succeeds far more as a down and dirty horror movie than it does as an art film.
0.7 At the hands of a less competent director, THIRST could have been an abomination, but thankfully Chan-wook delivers something above par that should probably be met with two cans of Red Bull.
0.7 It's a confronting contemporary vampire story with a plot borrowed from Emile Zola's Therese Raquin, and it would be twice as good if it were half an hour shorter.
0.8 A fresh, surprising take on an old, old story (and an overpopulated subgenre) that holds the attention with deadly wit.
0.7 Thirst may not be the greatest vampire movie ever made, but Park's willingness to try something different makes it a decidedly fresh take on the genre.
0.75 A dreamlike reverie as well as a uniquely American origin story...
0.75 Lovely and poetic, if entirely too sketchy and Terrence Malick-like for its own good
0.4 Contemplative but pretentious drama about Lincoln's boyhood.
0.75 This biopic about the very young Abraham Lincoln is cinema as visual poetry.
0.625 A well-researched film with an intriguing premise, Better Angels is gorgeous, but not enlightening or affecting.
0.5 "God tells truths in parables," someone says - a line that Edwards most likely aspires to take possession of, as if his poetic, pictorial parable had its own truths to tell.
0.625 Intellectually challenging black-and-white film about Abraham Lincoln as a young boy. For those of you still reading after that sentence, yes, there's a great deal to appreciate about "The Better Angels," not the least of which is the lack of color.
0.875 The narrative is gentle and sparse. The beautifully photographed imagery, shot in elegant, deep-focus black-and-white, is exceptional. The music is richly classical.
0.75 A gorgeous look at the raw, wooded Indiana of the early 1800s and a dreamy study of the boy Lincoln who was destined to leave it behind.
0.5 The effect becomes repetitive, and that ultimately emphasizes the rather slight nature of the story here.
0.375 History, as subject matter, is hard enough to sell as cinema. The Better Angels will not make the struggle any easier.
0.5 Had Terrence Malick taken a shot at making a Ken Burns movie, it would probably have turned out better than "The Better Angels," A.J. Edwards's humorless, pretentious black-and-white tone poem about a very young Abe Lincoln.
0.625 Narrators tell us what to feel, but there's something hollow at the center. The tone of the picture seems perversely oblique.
0.625 Just as those around Lincoln grow frustrated by his obscurity, so may audiences watching "The Better Angels."
0.25 Like a student film by someone who's never seen a movie by anyone other than Terrence Malick.
0.625 It's beautiful, even moving, but comes across as more invested in imitating Terrence Malick than it is in truly illuminating the formative years of a great man.
0.7 Shot in gorgeous, breathtaking black and white and edited in a documentary-like style, The Better Angels has a timeless sensibility to it.
0.75 "The Better Angels," as pictorially beautiful and emotionally evocative as it is, is so bereft of conventional narrative momentum that you have to consider it a miracle it got made.
0.4 The Better Angels at times resembles a group of folks puttin' on a show at a restoration village.
0.8 Is and isn't a straight-up [Terrence] Malick imitation.
0.6 If you succumb to "The Better Angels," the effect is like falling into a gorgeous photograph, but that also means the narrative in this arthouse film is oblique and sketchy.
0.5 The Better Angels seems to be less about our President's childhood, and more about paying homage to Malick.
0.5 With The Better Angels, director A.J. Edwards is more concerned with paying homage to an American visionary (filmmaker Terrence Malick) than exploring one (Abraham Lincoln, the film's subject).
0.5 Rendering the life of young Abraham Lincoln as a tone poem, "The Better Angels" sags under the weight of its own resolute earnestness.
0.8 Though quiet and slow, the film flows like a brook.
0.4 The overall effect is close to parody, tinged by a frustrating coyness that refuses to identify its protagonist (Braydon Denney) by name for the entire running time.
0.6 Those who appreciate Mr. Edwards' appropriation of Mr. Malick's approach will find "The Better Angels" lives up to its aspirations; those with no patience for shots of wind on crops will find the film crashes on the sharp-rocked shore of its pretensions.
0.375 Even taking into consideration the fact the A.J. Edwards edited To the Wonder, it's hard to recall a film so immensely and reductively in thrall to the work of another director.
0.6 Such comparisons to the work of Malick, who himself was a producer on this feature, are ultimately the film's very undoing.
0.75 The Better Angels eschews any sort of narrative linearity (and occasionally, coherency) without entirely alienating its audience.
0.8 O ritmo e lento, falta foco a narracao e o ato final e confuso. Por sorte, este nao e um filme sobre "tramas", mas sobre personagens - e e ai que merece elogios.
0.4 It's slow, but it's also sure-footed. Duvall takes it at his own damn pace, and his grouchy old man of a contract killer is a well-rounded and wholly believable personage.
0.75 More a song about living and dying well than a picture that makes much sense in the traditional definition.
0.5 Assassination Tango runs aground with an accumulation of small illogicalities.
0.5 If Duvall wanted to celebrate his hobby, he should have made a documentary.
0.75 You get the feeling Duvall took a tango trip to Buenos Aires and haphazardly decided to make a crime movie while staying there.
0.6 While Duvall's contribution to the tango canon may not add much to its mystique, it still offers considerable pleasures to anyone who shares his interest.
0.75 Not so much a movie as a chance to sidle up alongside Robert Duvall and twirl around a cinematic dance floor with him.
0.75 Its many tiny character details make up for the ludicrous story it's telling.
0.5 A film that uses tango as a metaphor for life ought to generate some fire. But Assassination Tango offers little heat.
0.4 One of the most boring films in recent memory. Almost nothing happens.
0.2 A monotonously shuffling pet project that nearly induces sleep as it trips over and shoots itself in its celluloid feet.
0.7 The exquisitely genuine dance scenes are the anti-Chicago.
0.6 What we care about in Assassination Tango is the tango, not the assassination.
0.25 Boring, meandery and clumsy.
0.75 Watching a Robert Duvall performance has become like putting on a great, weathered pair of boots -- you know it will feel good and you will want to go the distance.
0.75 Assassination Tango has very little to do with style -- or even plot -- and everything to do with the way a character moves.
0.5 Not only is it hard to buy the premise, it's hardly interesting to begin with.
0.5 The characters and situations here are all stereotypical or undercooked.
0.6 If this sounds like an awkward combination, it is.
0.625 The film works as a self-portrait -- of both Duvall's character, and Duvall and his self-reflective style of acting.
0.6 When Duvall films the tango, his passion for it is palpable. You can feel the wonder he feels at its emotion and its precision.
0.6 The studied pace of Duvall's film, and his carefully measured performance, will win over more patient patrons.
0.625 It's an uneven but occasionally fascinating film, as labors of love so often are.
0.4 A film that feels like the writer, director and star was too blinded by his interest in the subject matter to make a good movie about it.
0.5 It's hard to see what Duvall thinks is so interesting about the hit man, aside from the fact that he's playing him.
0.6 It is a pleasure and a bit of a treasure hunt to watch.
0.625 A great character actor's love letter to the one art form that makes him feel like a star.
0.625 The dancing episodes hold interest while the assassination plot becomes superfluous.
0.75 Duvall has created it from the inside out, seeing it not through the eyes of the audience but through the mind of Anderson.
0.625 About one commanding performance, fascinating to watch but not strong enough to redeem the muddled story line on which it hangs.
0.75 A wonderfully crafted, smartly acted study of a complex old coot.
0.625 An exercise in narcissism and nepotism that scoots by, not on story or suspense, but on [Duvall's] Old World charisma.
0.75 It's a film whose pleasures creep up on you.
0.75 Even Marlon Brando wouldn't be able to keep this from being the last tango in Buenos Aires that anyone is likely to see on screen for a while.
0.4 Duvall at his worst is still an accomplished performer; Pedraza is a modern-day Ali McGraw, lithe and beautiful but no kind of actress. For all her fluidity on the dance floor, she's a dead weight who drags the film down.
0.75 While not on the level of The Apostle, the movie stands as a rewarding, first-rate drama.
0.5 Overlong and far less engaging than Duvall's earlier Angelo My Love and The Apostle.
0.4 If Mr. Duvall's finely textured performance is a testament to the power of good screen acting to lift a film above the mundane, the movie's many irritating tics demonstrate that he is much more at home in front of the camera than behind it.
0.75 Duvall's latest is a treat for the eyes and ears, but it doesn't always ring true on deeper dramatic levels.
0.7 Written and directed by Duvall, Assassination Tango is a wonderfully eccentric piece of filmmaking -- to demand it cohere to formula would be to miss the point.
0.5 Take Duvall out of the picture and let this family demonstrate the tango, and you'd have a terrific movie.
0.75 Another exquisite film written and directed by Duvall (The Apostle) ... [its tango numbers] are magical moments of sheer joy.
0.6 Robert Duvall should have stuck to the tango because the hit man aspect misses the target.
0.75 For those who do not demand a firm adherence to formulas and genre-driven expectations, this movie offers the chance to see something a little different.
0.5 With its clumsy storytelling and lack of someone to filter Duvall's gushiness about the subject matter, Assassination Tango winds up shooting itself in its own dancing feet.
0.5 Duvall missteps in trying to mesh suspense with a love story.
0.3 Imagine Larry King demanding CNN give his latest wife her own hour-long weeknight talk show, and you'll get a pretty good idea of the level of self-indulgence in Tango.
0.8 If Duvall's presence in films that are clearly beneath him are necessary in order for him to produce flicks like The Apostle and Assassination Tango, I certainly hope Jerry Bruckheimer never loses his phone number.
0.4 What could have been a fascinating exploration of the sensuous culture of Argentine tango (a subject the actor/director displays an affection for) winds up instead being a rather clumsy mobster movie with lots of been-there, done-that touches.
0.75 Art follows life as Robert Duvall, in an intruiging character study, dances with his real-life girlfriend while trying to remember that he's a hit man.
0.4 [Duvall] has no feel for the crime material and his attempted creation of the quirky John. J., supposedly a master killer, falls apart quickly.
0.75 Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
0.4 J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
0.2 Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
0.75 Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
0.7 Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
0.25 Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
0.4 Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
0.5 I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
0.4 Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
0.625 It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
0.625 ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
0.6 Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
0.625 Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
0.4 Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
0.7 There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
0.6 ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
0.75 Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
0.75 Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
0.5 Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
0.4 A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
0.0 Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
0.4 Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
0.4 Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
0.875 There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
0.75 Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
0.64 There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
0.5 the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
0.2 Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
0.6 You may need prayer to get through this one without dying from boredom.
0.25 "Stay with me" Jennifer Lopez whispers over and over at the start of the film. Take my advice: Don't.
0.75 A well-acted character study of a hardworking woman, by a screenwriter (Gerald DiPego) and a director with enough integrity to dispense with the usual Hollywood distractions.
0.6 The most notable performance to date from an actress whose hype has heretofore outstretched her work.
0.5 More like a TV movie of the week, but without any commercial breaks to interrupt the melodramatic tedium.
0.3 The product is so synthetic it has only attitude where its heart ought to be.
0.7 A carefully crafted romantic drama of considerable insight and emotional impact that provides Lopez an acting challenge she meets with ease.
0.5 The script is obvious and conflicted.
0.75 A surprisingly effective film.
0.625 The writing is capable but never really stylish, and that's what, in spite of heavenly aspirations, keeps Angel Eyes totally earthbound.
0.5 When it's all over, "Angel Eyes" feels like an exhausting flirtation instead of a full-out seduction.
0.4 This is all about getting your life back on course before you can fall in love. Which isn't such a bad idea for a movie, as long as there's something more. Unfortunately, there isn't.
0.3 It's hard to believe that these two would ever hook up.
0.875 Jennifer Lopez proves that her allure and talent can carry a complex mystery love story. We were delighted, surprised, and impressed.
0.8 A very traditional love story, and a surprisingly touching one, too.
0.75 An emotionally layered, grown-up drama about two battered souls finding a blossoming but tentative solace together.
0.4 As soon as I started to recognize the 'same old same old' path that they were following, I wasn't much inclined to invest myself much further.
0.4 My feet were stuck to the floor when I stood up to leave due to the sap that had poured out of the screen.
0.5 It really only takes two words -- sloppy and sappy -- to describe Angel Eyes.
0.5 A romantic comedy with baggage.
0.5 Jennifer Lopez has to suffer through it all in the name of $10 million a picture
0.5 The tagline of the film reads: "The deeper you look, the more you will find," but I've always found it pointless to search for treasure at the bottom of a dry well.
0.625 An uneven story that moves in fits and spurts, it has trouble ever quite deciding what it wants to be.
0.8 Lopez and Caviezel do fine work, energized by the perceptive, intelligent script of Gerald Di Pego and Luis Mandoki's sympathetic, sure-footed direction.
0.625 What with its cryptic storytelling, otherworldly pacing and doe-eyed little boys, Luis Mandoki's Angel Eyes could pass for a lost M. Night Shyamalan film.
0.625 Judging by Jim Caviezel's signature acting, this could be called 'Eyes Half Shut.'
0.875 An intelligent, impassioned adult romance that has a lot to say, and doesn't feel the need to let a rock soundtrack full of love ballads explain it.
0.5 Unfortunately, Angel Eyes is almost always too obvious for its own good.
0.75 0.5
0.5 Has no shortage of heart, but it has been so clumsily organized and falls back so often on cliched storytelling that any early goodwill quickly morphs into resentment.
0.5 Story loses momentum in a wave of heavy-handed messages.
0.6 Its earnest tone, moving orchestral score and strong cast carry it past the rough patches.
0.625 My Brother is a brave little film, with the emphasis on little. Shot on a shoestring, it lacks the polish of many indie efforts but compensates with bold casting and a big heart.
0.4 My Brother is brimming with would-be life lessons. But the movie goes in so many directions, and follows through on so few of them, that all it transmits is a vague glow. It's watered-down chicken soup for the soul.
0.875 A moving and meaningful melodrama about a blood bond tested by the trials and tribulations of trying to survive in the inner-city.
0.6 Sentimental holiday fare with strong messages about family.
0.625 It's a pleasant-enough movie, but offers little that the book doesn't give its readers; far too quickly, it fades away.
0.77 ...scants the rich emotional potential in favor of After School Special cliches
0.375 Tiger Eyes' characters are so obvious as to be underlined and color-coded.
0.625 Guided by a gentle pace, this is a quiet film, in tone and in its acting.
0.8 Tender, well-acted teen drama is true to classic Blume book.
0.701 Warm, poignant and family-friendly with a rushed, contrived ending.
0.625 Directed and constructed without distinction; nevertheless, it is quite moving, thanks to Blume's storytelling and the sincerity of the performances.
0.6 There are no surprises among the characters - depressed mom (Amy Jo Johnson), controlling aunt (Cynthia Stevenson), new boyfriend (Tatanka Means) - but the cast is strong enough to build on familiar elements.
0.625 Time has robbed Blume's subjects of shock value, but her perceptiveness hasn't dimmed. The movie's sincerity carries it along, and makes this story endearing despite its filmmaking cliches.
0.5 This attenuated coming-of-age tale oozes heart and perhaps too much respect for its source material.
0.75 A gentle, honest and shrewdly realized film ... It's worth seeking out.
0.75 [Tiger Eyes has] an uncommon intimacy, the kind you find in a Judy Blume novel. Her grit and grace are all over this heartfelt adventure of a movie. She gives it a spirit that soars.
1.0 A moving depiction of a teenage girl's quest for a way out of her sadness, grief, and loss over the sudden death of her beloved father.
0.7 A lean, economically told indie that should please fans of the 1981 source novel.
0.625 Still waiting on that Superfudge movie.
0.2 Merely an insufferable YA lint trap ...
0.4 Later Bronson entry is formula hewn violence.
0.6 Far from a masterpiece, but Rhodes gives Buscemi a role ripe with emotion and a fascinating complexity. Buscemi returns the favor by powering the film with an engaging oddity.
0.7 The performances are strong--even the minor characters--and the atmosphere and tone are spot-on for a dark comedy.
0.6 good for a quick laugh, but ultimately an empty gesture.
0.75 Comic casting and comic timing pay off in most scenes, with Dinklage landing the big laughs, Malco doing his wise-guy-talking-down-to-the-doofus patter and Buscemi just bugging out and reacting to the craziness.
0.6 ... slightly less than the sum of its parts ...
0.5 Don't get me wrong. I loved Buscemi's low-key performance. But I'm less crazy about the movie, which is sometimes oddly timed and funny and sometimes just plain flat.
0.3 The script is both overly simple and unnecessarily complex. As we wander west without tension or purpose across an airless desert, the trip isn't all that enjoyable. For God's sake, are we there yet?
0.375 It's a kind of cinematic purgatory, halfway between eternal reward and eternal damnation. The question is: What did I do to deserve such mediocrity?
0.2 Theoretically, Saint John of Vegas may look good from a distance, but when seen up close it's only a house of cards.
0.25 Saint John of Las Vegas was a bad script that somehow got made into a bad movie with good people in it.
0.5 For all its clever quirkiness, the end product seems flat and over-thought, which isn't to say it's a bad first step for this ambitious novice director, just a long way from something that will set the world on fire.
0.625 It's minor, but I enjoyed it, largely because of the people on-screen, but also for the sneaky sincerity of writer-director Hue Rhodes' chronicle of one compulsive gambler's slouch toward redemption.
0.5 This movie is all elbows. Nothing fits. It doesn't add up. It has some terrific free-standing scenes, but they need more to lean on.
0.7 A road trip to Vegas turns into a road trip to Hell in this great little romp with the master of misfortune, Steve Buscemi.
0.5 The indie trifecta of clunky voiceover, scrambled chronology, and dream sequences can't fatten the slight story.
0.25 A funereally unfunny comedy by debut writer-director Hue Rhodes.
0.5 First-time director Hue Rhodes, who shifted from a career in IT to go to film school, invests too much screen time pursuing the quirky rather than nailing down a story.
0.7 A dark comedy that drolly tweaks idiosyncratic versions of the American Dream as a hilarious assortment of characters tempt a sad sack gambling addict in the Nevada desert.
0.2 This disjointed, desperately whimsical film is simply not funny: not for a minute.
0.625 [Its] randomly flung-in episodes are just quirky padding around a thin, one-twist story.
0.4 The oft-used ploy of forcing an odd couple into a car and sending them off to uncharted territory is trotted out yet again here, but to minimal comic or emotional effect.
0.375 First-time director and screenwriter Hue Rhodes shows no discernible talent for dialogue, humor and, especially, pacing. For a movie than runs a mere 85 minutes, Saint John moves like a life sentence in molasses prison.
0.7 Such an inventive and quirky film, it's hard to ignore what a distinctive voice Rhodes brings to indie comedy. Casting Buscemi in this role couldn't be more perfect.
0.25 A tone-deaf odyssey of personal discovery striving to echo Dante's Inferno.
0.5 The promised quirkiness is muted and dull, and the stakes seem much lower than they ought to.
0.4 Doesn't break any new ground. In fact, it resembles any number of quirky indie character pieces.
0.5 Saint John of Las Vegas marches in lockstep with virtually every cliche of the modern independent film.
0.71 Isn't horrible and isn't a classic either.
0.375 As long as yahoo endeavors like this keep getting financed, don't expect the South to rise again any time soon.
0.75 ...how many other opportunities are you going to get to hear Andy Griffith use a particularly nasty euphemism for prison rape?
0.7 American Dreamz tries hard to be both important and farcical, but it leans a bit too much towards farce without being funny enough to pull that off either. It's decent, but uninspired.
0.3 Did writer-director Paul Weitz think that U.S. audiences would be too dumb to appreciate actual satire?
0.75 A comedy that delivers in every way, "American Dreamz" easily gets my vote.
0.5 Viewers are left with nearly two hours of dull, rather obvious gags.
0.75 In a way, this film talks out of both sides of its mouth -- lampooning and loving its targets at the same time. But most viewers, I suspect, won't mind.
0.875 It has the good sense to hold up a mirror to ourselves, only instead of making us feel guilty and stupid, it makes us feel inclusive and in on the big joke.
0.4 A satire that sets its sights too high and elicits only a few laughs here and there.
0.4 his movie, full of easy swipes at easy targets, comes off like that overly chummy guy at a party who got drunk too early and goes around taking too long to set up a joke that's already been beaten to death.
0.3 Dreamz is a nightmare!
0.7 Cleverly written and performed, it's entertaining but uneven.
0.4 Subtlety and sincerity go out the window in favour of crass stereotypes and easy jibes ...
0.4 ... American Dreamz is kind of all over the place from the beginning.
0.4 For all its misguided qualities, the movie is at least perfectly cast.
0.4 There's a brilliant movie here somewhere, but it's never quite brought out.
0.375 No legitimate characters or performances here, just impersonations of the easy target clods that grace the stage of 'American Idol' and White House press conferences.
0.5 A sociopolitical satire with a lot of bark, but not enough bite.
0.375 A supporting cast&mdash;including Marcia Gay Harden, and Jennifer Coolidge&mdash;are tragically underused and what little material they're given has been dumbed-down.
0.375 Somewhat silly and more than somewhat tasteless, "American Dreamz" isn't as smart as it thinkw it is.
0.75 Weitz's rousing satire is no dream: It's the mad, mad real world of America in the year 2006.
0.375 Pokes fun at a program that doesn't take itself seriously, cutting down easy targets like an eighth-grade bully picking fights with first graders.
0.6 As are most satires, this is silly and humorous with good performances. I squirmed quite a bit during the first hour, but Grant's performance is probably worth the price of admission.
0.7 This is a heady mix, but it sounds funnier than it plays, because it needed a Billy Wilder level of cynicism, and Weitz doesn't have anything like that.
0.5 This isn't a black comedy -- it's more like a whiter shade of pale.
0.5 So much potential left unused...frustrating. I walked out of American Dreamz feeling good, but it was the kind of fluffy good that this movie should have been mocking, not emulating.
0.5 doesn't seem to have anything poignant to say, opting instead to recycle broad generalities that have already been run into the ground on late night talk shows.
0.5 When the most sympathetic character in the movie is a potential suicide bomber, you know something's wrong.
0.625 You won't know whether or not to recommend it to your friends. They'll ask you if it was good or bad, and you'll only be able to respond with "yes."
0.6 okay for what it is
0.75 What's interesting about the movie is that, while it's only moderately funny, it's extremely amusing...It held my interest throughout.
0.5 has as much acidic bite as a marshmallow sundae. ...It beats a drum, turns on a neon sign, demands your attention and then forgets what it wanted to say in the first place.
0.5 The off-the-cuff slaphappy material feels too stretched out and relentlessly spotty to emphasize any pinpoint intellectual political humor. Slight in its sarcastic overtones...
0.6 It's an interesting mix of American Idol and suicide bombers that almost works... They could have dreamed a bit bigger.
0.8 Enjoyable, sharply-observed satire with a great script and strong comic performances from the entire cast.
0.5 Paul Weitz's satirical farce gets the details right while missing the big picture.
0.625 Like a commander-in-chief who's too good-naturedly dumb to be dangerous, the writer-director is ultimately too forgiving to do much bruising. (Or maybe too calculating, which kind of blurs into the same thing.)
0.625 American Dreamz is often a lot of fun, thanks to Weitz's cast.
0.75 American Dreamz is the rare case of a movie that gets better as it goes along.
0.75 The topics of American Dreamz are very broad, but the targeting is often lasered.
0.6 Perhaps because both elements are such ultra-easy targets for satire, the film works only about half the time.
0.5 Weitz suffers what can only be called a failure of will. He backs off when he should be bearing down.
0.75 As the movie reaches its delirious climax with the American Dreamz finale that brings all the disparate characters together, it's purely delightful. You might hate yourself for laughing at a some of the jokes, but you will laugh.
0.4 American Dreamz isn't mean enough or funny enough.
0.375 It's a disappointing effort from witty writer-director Paul Weitz (American Pie, In Good Company). He tries to weave a subversive tapestry a la Nashville but only tells a story full of holes.
0.375 A cartoonish, unfocused and mostly unfunny satire that doesn't come within a hundred miles of hitting its two main targets.
0.625 The devilishness of satire is in the details, and [Paul] Weitz's script just isn't as funny or as consistently sharp as it should be.
0.625 Ultimately, it neglects to pin the tail on the donkey that deserves it most: an audience that wouldn't recognize caveat emptor unless it was the name of an American Idol contestant.
0.375 Most of American Dreamz has a curiously dated, been-there feel: It's a redundant comedy, like hearing the same tired joke for the 100th time.
0.625 Much like I feel in the voting booth every four years, the political satire American Dreamz rendered me frustrated and confused.
0.625 OK, so American Dreamz tries a little too hard to be satirically witty and bitingly political. But, darn it, it still makes you laugh in spite of yourself.
0.6 It may be seriously flawed, but American Dreamz is still amusing and pleasantly subversive.
0.625 American Dreamz has plenty of laughs. You'll leave the theater feeling not outraged but actually rather cheerful.
0.3 the appeal of the movie so disintegrates with every second of resolution that I found myself hating it by the ending credits
0.4 American Dreamz puts reality TV and U.S. politics in its crosshairs, then fails to pull the trigger. It's less entertaining than an average episode of American Idol. And that's saying something.
0.5 In American Dreamz, the people are stereotypes, and the context is fake: It's broad, it's thin, it's a big easy target. And ultimately, its dreamz are hollow.
0.5 A random episode of American Idol offers more comedy and drama, not to mention more disturbing insights into contemporary popular culture, than American Dreamz.
0.25 American Dreamz is as forgettable and lacking in insight as the great majority of dreams that trespass on our subconscious.
0.375 To employ terminology that might be used by Simon Cowell, the brutally honest American Idol judge, American Dreamz is bloody awful.
1.0 American Dreamz pulls off that rare feat of shooting at dozens of big targets, and hitting so many of them that we want to stand up and cheer because someone even tried.
0.625 Dreamz is amusing enough; but be prepared for comedy that's more crass than class. If you want refinement, see the more clever Thank You for Smoking.
0.375 The writer-producer-director of American Dreamz makes nearly every mistake in the satirical book. His targets are either too easy or too dated. He's inconsistent in his attitudes toward them. His stereotypes are stale.
0.75 American Dreamz is a political satire that's eerily emblematic of the moment we're living in: smart, spring-loaded with pop culture references, and far too good-natured to do any lasting damage.
0.4 What if they threw a satire and no jokes came? This is the question American Dreamz answers in its interminable running time.
0.625 The sheer audacity...is admirable, and often times very funny.
0.8 The Weitz brothers are a 2-headed John Hughes for post-2000 audiences...not always critically aclaimed, but almost always loved by the public. Once again, they succeed.
0.875 It has the sunny, deceptively breezy tone of something like "Dick," or maybe one of the great Michael Ritchie satires of the mid-1970s, like "Smile" or "The Candidate."
0.75 American Dreamz succeeds, partially because it feels so good to see these parade floats skewered and deflated. But the real triumph here is that Weitz bothers to take aim at all.
0.625 The film is tailor-made for the vast audience that can't wait to watch Fox's Idol each week while still intellectually grasping what a glossy hunk of junk it is.
0.75 Not everything works in this semi-audacious challenge to the American Dream, but Weitz consistently and amusingly hits the broad side of the barn.
0.8 Politically incorrect to a broad spectrum of social cliques, "Dreamz" makes a statement and has some fun at the same time.
0.75 Watching... viewers reacting to an... attack on the president as just another reality show... suggests that 9/11 didn't change things as much as some people have claimed.
0.7 If the comedy didn't have its fair share of moments, it could easily be seen as failure; fortunately, a handful of game actors ... saves it as something that's mostly enjoyable.
0.875 If its opening scenes are like an asthma attack within an iron lung, Weitz stabilizes the material and begins massaging the satire with the brand of human interest that made his other works so distinctive.
0.75 [Grant] is a brilliant comedian, with an ability to be hilariously selfish and egocentric without turning off the audience.
0.75 The story, while no Dr. Strangelove, is very poignant as a satire on politics and modern culture.
0.4 It's not really a cynical or outrageous point of view, but just a really lazy one, and offensively, exploitatively so.
0.75 American Dreamz lampoons the public's appetite for mindless entertainment and easy distraction from serious concerns.
0.4 Paul Weitz's film is a seriously unfunny comedy about that intersection where politics meets entertainment.
0.5 The movie is a spirited exercise in caricature rather than a cohesive comedy. Everybody's playing somebody real, but the movie never approaches reality.
0.7 American Dreamz, Paul Weitz's good-natured satire of pop, politics and our bloated sense of entitlement (arguably our biggest export) lampoons the great American disconnect from reality by locating the place where all these things intersect.
0.5 [Director Paul Weitz's] best work comes with plenty of breathing room. But American Dreamz is too busy and plotty to afford much of that. The characters end up competing for screen time.
0.75 American Dreamz looks like a sitcom, plays like a sitcom and is a sitcom -- and also the riskiest political satire since Wag the Dog.
0.6 It's simply zany, silly, forgettable fun.
0.625 Everybody's so good, you find yourself wondering why the movie isn't funnier -- or riskier.
0.25 A toxic love letter to hate.
0.2 You'd think the idea of a satire that combined politics and pop culture would be rife with possibility, but Weitz is more timid in the box than Jon Heder in The Benchwarmers.
0.7 A comedy satire as proudly silly as its awful title.
0.7 You won't realize how far under your skin it's gotten until you catch yourself singing the theme song on your way out of the theater.
0.875 ...will undoubtedly come under fire for being all over the place, but that's like complaining a trapeze artist shouldn't be performing so far up in the air. The movie exhilarates precisely because it takes random, high-altitude risks.
0.375 So do you think the war on terror is one big joke? ... Even if you do, this is comedy that, for all its heavy-handed political satire, just isn't funny.
0.8 Weitz has a clear-eyed vision of the zeitgeist and tosses it up on the screen with a deadpan veracity that is as unflinching as it is hilarious
0.3 Comes across like a bad 'Saturday Night Live' political sketch, dragged on for way too long ... a lot of great talent wasted.
0.375 One wonders whether American Dreamz is attempting to satirize pop culture or merely recreating it.
0.625 With such acting talent and some of the creators of much better films, you may be expecting more than a good farce. However, the farce is pretty much what you're getting here.
0.5 A broad-based lampoon that envelops too much material and tries far too hard to please.
0.8 Satire attracts a tough crowd and is always a challenge to pull off. This one duz, and makes the complexity look easy.
0.625 Is it possible to satirize something that, in and of itself, often crosses the line into self-parody?
0.2 Instead of making dreamz come true, it will only give you nightmarez.
0.4 It isn't long before the plot and characters have nowhere left to go but down to the depths of human depravity. And by the end it's impossible to see the point.
0.1 Whatever edge of fear and tension the movie might have possessed is traded for blistering annoyance as the cast near-cannibalizes one another while screeching at top volume for over 120 minutes.
0.25 Gens' film, while a far darker vision of the day the world ends, is more sexually sordid than satisfying. Save the humans? Why bother?
0.4 Its nihilism feels cynical rather than authentically bleak, and the increasingly histrionic scenes start to resemble an indulgent actors' workshop that has spun out of control.
0.6 The Divide is extremely nasty and relentlessly bleak but it's worth seeing if you like that sort of thing.
0.25 A clunky and ugly little film that I was more than happy to forget.
0.8 A genuinely disturbing descent into madness. You just happen to have seen it all before.
0.82 A genre film that's both a little too long and a little too brutal for mainstream tastes ... a minor cult movie, beloved by a few discriminating connoisseurs of small-scale apocalyptic horror and pretty much ignored by the rest of us.
0.2 Michael Biehn and Rosanna Arquette are in the cast but not helped by a cursory screenplay.
0.2 One to avoid.
0.4 No one has any goals other than to be the most annoying person in the room and there's plenty of competition in that department. It's a waste of a good setup as the situation and location are well drawn.
0.8 Gens's skilful direction and the throat-grabbing performances from the cast add to the tension.
0.4 Nasty, unrelenting and likely to make your hair fall out.
0.6 Gens' impressively grim film has points to make about post-9/11 militarism, but you get the sense that humanity disgusts him so much he'd rather leave his characters to the roaches.
0.2 THE DIVIDE aims for a dark, cutthroat tone, focusing on exploitation elements without the thrills that are usually involved. The result is both extremely dismal and extremely uncomfortable.
0.25 The film's only point appears to be lurid delight in topping one atrocity with another.
0.125 The tale quickly degenerates from a dramatically promising clash of personalities under pressure to a gratuitous display of rape, murder, torture, dismemberment, madness, ugly misogyny, naked racism and yelling.
0.375 It's a rare movie where the most likable character onscreen, and the feel-good hero of the damnable show, is none other than the hardy cockroach.
0.4 If it's possible to get bored with derangement, The Divide finds a way to make that happen.
0.5 In the end, the pace of the film is just too sluggish to maintain our interest and, at under two hours, it feels longer.
0.625 "The Divide" is at least 20 minutes longer than it needs to be, but the claustrophobic setting and slowly mounting tension keep the grim drama involving.
0.8 Xavier Gens has created one hell of an intriguing horror thriller.
0.5 Gens has talent, if also tendencies to steer the visuals into the music video realm, but he treats the characters here like mobile props and nothing more...
0.125 The only possible relief from director Xavier Gens' abusively bleak survivalist scenario is how implausible it is.
0.3 When a character swims through raw sewage to escape at the film's climax, it's hard not feel a certain solidarity.
0.5 We wait, from one cringe-inducing, hide-your-face-from-the-screen act after another, to see how much worse the behavior will become.
0.375 It's doom that we're meant to feel here. And repulsion. I hate to say, but I shrugged.
0.0 If the objective is to make the audience ill, The Divide succeeds.
0.4 One lesson for future generations rising from the ashes: Avoid the shelter containing whiner Rosanna Arquette.
0.625 Too bad [Gens] lacks Rod Serling's genius for delicious irony.
0.2 This incoherent, redundant, sci-fi thriller is a depraved, repugnant dirge with a disappointing conclusion.
0.375 Man is depicted as his own worst enemy, but for audiences there's perhaps no greater threat than Gens's overripe artistry.
0.6 Gens' disaster pic has visual flair aplenty and an explosive third reel which mostly forgives the inoffensively routine first two.
0.6 Decent Vietnam war film. Dafoe's presence can only help.
0.4 Less entertaining than any of the leads have ever done.
0.5 Inert gung-ho Vietnam adventure.
0.75 The film's denouement is at once shocking and organic because it echoes a well-paced but nasty children's fable.
0.9 For anyone who likes intense drama & great performances
0.4 Drama is well-acted but more political than religious.
0.25 The cinematic equivalent of a Jehovah's Witness who won't take 'no' for an answer getting his foot stuck in your door.
0.7 Is aimed at a targeted audience of believers and fully satisfies them.
0.2 It's the same old false shuffle dealt from the same old stacked deck.
0.375 "Do you believe?" No.
0.125 A self-aggrandizing sermon that preaches only to the faithful.
0.375 For most people it will stir a longing for the days when God had a better writing staff: Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
0.5 While the message is nice, the screenplay feels like it was written by a third grade Sunday school class.
0.4 As I see more "faith-based" films targeting the evangelical Christian market, I recognise I need to adjust my critical expectations a tad. If it has a coherent three-act narrative, it's already way ahead of the game.
0.375 Subtle as a sledgehammer to the toes and only slightly more entertaining ...
0.625 Sure, it's mushy, but you can't make a movie called Smile and not be at least a wee bit saccharine about your intentions.
0.375 However worthy the sentiment, this one won't leave viewers with a smile.
0.375 This drama, which was bankrolled by the people behind the international Operation Smile program, has the best of intentions. But it's so painfully earnest that it becomes insufferable.
0.375 Good cause, bad movie.
0.4 Feels like a school project that has its heart in the right place if not the skills to produce something with depth and emotional heft.
0.5 Kramer may have felt that American audiences would have wanted to follow an American heroine, but it's Lin's story that resonates.
0.75 This movie's so filled with admirable intentions that they practically spill onto the screen before it starts.
0.5 Overall, it's pretty elementary stuff, along the lines of a Disney Channel TV movie.
0.2 Smile is like a dose of cod liver oil: It may be good for you, but it's no fun.
1.0 Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
0.4 One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
0.8 Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
0.6 Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
0.8 One of the most important animated films ever made.
0.9 One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
0.8 In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
0.78 If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
0.6 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
1.0 ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
0.75 A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
0.875 With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
0.625 The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
0.75 There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
0.74 The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
0.8 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
0.5 The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
0.75 Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
0.6 Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
0.8 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
0.875 Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
0.875 A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
0.75 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
0.75 Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
0.75 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
0.75 Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
0.5 The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
1.0 One of the best animated films I have ever seen.
0.7 A hallucinatory tour de force of color, perspective and scale, virtually encapsulates the history of Japanese animation.
0.6 Stunningly beautiful.
1.0 Belleza, magia, poder, amor, misterio, y gran gran msica y visuales... qu ms se puede pedir?...
0.75 The scene-stealer is Robert Ryan, one of cinema's forgotten great actors. He delivers a superlative performance as the radical with dark reason and fearful purpose, bringing a new, almost heroic dimension to the character.
0.7 The play is an inescapably great experience, and that fact isn't muffled by this film.
1.0 For four hours we live in these two rooms and discover the secrets of these people, and at the end we have gone deeper, seen more, and will remember more, than with most of the other movies of our life.
0.5 [Not] a great thriller, just one that is more intelligent and dignified than you would ever imagine, sight unseen.
0.4 Drugs and drinking make waves in family drama.
0.5 [An] unassuming, but sadly unexciting, family film.
0.625 There's real heart to be found in the story but it comes along with borderline saccharine sentimentality, a too facile ending, and clean outcomes that aren't earned.
0.375 The underwater parts of Eye of the Dolphin are kind of pretty. Unfortunately, the rest of this waterlogged drama is pretty ugly.
0.6 Eye of the Dolphin is much better than most films of this sort, and if it helps a generation of young girls want to grow up to swim with live dolphins rather than groom My Little Ponys, that's certainly not a bad thing at all.
0.6 A lonely dolphin serves as a mediator in the reconciliation of a father and daughter who don't know how to connect with each other.
0.5 There are too many fishy family crises and too few fishlike mammals in this earnest 'Flipper' update, which soft-pedals its New Age agenda until a climactic speech that promises we can learn from our dolphin pals 'not just intellectually but spiritually.'
0.375 If only the wooden acting moved with the fluidity of the underwater footage, the only bright spot in this clunky drama.
0.5 As Eye of the Dolphin makes some jarringly contrived plot twists, a viewer can imagine writer/director/executive producer Michael Sellers listing his assets and pondering how to combine them for one movie.
0.4 A limp coming-of-age tale set in the Bahamas.
0.73 Carly Schroeder is strong and the film's genuineness compensates for the 'after school special'-style script and production values, making it a pleasant, even uplifting film.
1.0 Although the movie trades heavily on gang-film staples, there's also ample comedy packed into the mix.
1.0 Envolvente do inicio ao fim (num desfecho, diga-se de passagem, poderosamente dramatico), o filme traz Cagney em uma de suas atuacoes mais intensas e inspiradas.
0.8 ...most of all, it's Cagney: At the top of his game, the bad guy we have to love. He makes it all happen.
1.0 Angels With Dirty Faces benefits from the Production Code because it forces the gangster film to acknowledge its nihilism.
0.7 Sometimes fierce
1.0 Wonderful morality story; one of Cagney's most memorable
1.0 If you're looking to study the gangster classics, I know a good place you can start.
0.6 I came out of this wishing the paint can crowd would settle for tattoos.
0.5 Visually dazzling and dramatically trite -- it's virtuoso piffle.
0.25 Thoroughly fails to convince that its handful of New York characters known as 'bombers,' graffiti mongers futilely yearning for immortality via nightly despoiling of public and private property, is of any tragic interest.
0.4 A didactic ode to a lifestyle that makes little sense, no matter the darkly romantic rebel-with-a-cause ideas associated with what is essentially an act of vandalism.
0.6 In the end it's all seductive surface and no substance, but Lough has a bold eye and a vivid sense of uniquely urban beauty.
0.5 Preachy and single-minded, populated by a world of sympathetic heroes and hissable villains.
0.375 A flashy but numbingly hollow compendium of Trainspotting-inspired visual gimmicks, Lough's tale of New York City 'bombers' is formulaic in the extreme.
0.375 A mild, slow-moving drama that belatedly tries to argue that graffiti writers are political artists, not an urban blight.
0.6 Lough's impressive, if uneven, debut feature captures the adrenaline rush and contradictory nature of the simultaneously creative and criminal activity but stumbles in its attempt to justify it as an art form.
0.6 Adam Bhala Lough's hot little melodrama rhapsodizes the lives of contemporary graffiti artists.
0.375 Lough references Basquiat, without naming him, but in the end can't quite hijack the late artist's cred for his own hit-and-run movie.
0.5 Well acted and ably directed, if not very probing about its subject of underclass youth.
0.5 The film's nostalgic fondness for '80s hip-hop/street culture is at odds with the story's supposed contemporary setting.
0.8 Excellent acting, great music, amazing artwork and gorgeous Christopher Doyle type cinematography make this film an absolute treat to sit through.
1.0 Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
0.6 1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
1.0 Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
0.8 Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
1.0 A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
0.4 There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
0.75 The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
1.0 The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
1.0 An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
1.0 Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
0.9 Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
0.875 One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
0.6 Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
1.0 A definicao classica do epico.
0.8 Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
0.84 An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
0.8 Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
0.8 It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
0.8 ...fairly defines the word 'epic.'
0.9 Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
1.0 Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
0.4 Touching Wild Horses seems more a trite Movie-of-the-Week, than a solid film that combines breathtaking beauty with character conflict and resolution.
0.625 A family drama ... that makes up for its production deficiencies with a noble heart.
0.5 The insights this independently produced drama has aren't any deeper than those to be gleaned from your average Afterschool Special.
0.75 In addition to showcasing Mathers, 8 Mile makes a case for rap as a creative rebel yell.
0.8 Director Curtis Hanson puts a new spin on the familiar "triumph against the odds" theme with this slick showcase for the talents of superstar rapper Eminem.
0.8 It ain't Eminem: The Movie but it does showcase Eminem: The Actor -- easily the best rapper-cum-thesp since Tupac Shakur.
0.7 8 Mile wins because it doesn't try to impress you with mega-stars and made-up stories. Instead, it tells a simple story of trial, error and triumph.
0.6 Eminem's edgy, graphic quasi-biopic is not for kids.
0.5 I was able to guess what would happen to most of the characters most of the time and come through perfectly.
0.625 You can't stop him or crop him/He's in widescreen and large/He ain't playing when he's baggin' Curtis Hanson for Sarge... [Blu-ray]
0.5 Ends on a high note, but it doesn't negate the tedium of the number of false and mostly flat ones that precede it.
0.6 The film is really no more than a two-hour prelude to a climax in which our hero ... rhythmically tells people off.
0.625 It is more just a pleasure to watch Eminem perform. He is fiercely talented and has a natural charisma; the camera loves him. But, like most of the story, we knew that before we saw the film.
1.0 Like his wizardly lyrics, Eminem's performance and his film have unexpected depth.
0.71 Eminem does a credible roughed-up urban ghetto impression of James Dean
0.4 Hanson's enthusiastic participation in the project is bewildering given how pedestrian the story is: poor, white kid keeps getting beaten down before a final showdown...
0.8 Com sua estupenda atuacao neste filme, Eminem poderia facilmente buscar uma carreira no cinema.
0.75 Take away the napalm spread of profanity, impromptu scenes of steamy sex and the myriad joints that get smoked, and 8 Mile is basically a Disney sports movie with rap as the athletics of choice.
0.8 Following L.A. Confidential and Wonder Boys, this makes a remarkable hat-trick for Hanson and is a personal triumph for Eminem.
0.8 Despite the weak story, Hanson commands a strong performance from Eminem and showcases both the rapper's newfound acting abilities and his musical talent.
0.8 Director Hanson skillfully creates the oppressive nature of urban poverty with the dirt, grit, and darkness that remains prevalent throughout...
0.875 Eminem summons things from deep inside himself to shed away ego and portray a calm, frustrated, worried kid who doesn't even talk too much.
0.75 For a pop star vehicle, it certainly ranks among the better ones and Eminem does have a strong screen presence. Unlike Purple Rain, this movie will probably hold up 18 years from now.
0.4 The problem is Eminem himself, who has clearly been drilled by the director to play to what will have to pass as strengths: stillness, cool, control.
0.6 What screamed a ridiculous idea or vanity project when you first read or head about it is the exact opposite - a well thought out and realised film which never thinks too much of itself.
0.65 Eminem's skill still lies in turning an inventive phrase: filled with characters who lack depth, his film debut falls victim to its own modesty and is often insubstantial and boring.
0.4 The script is uninspired, the picture's characters are stick figures, its dialogue is lackluster and the star's performance seldom rises above the adequate.
0.6 A solidly built, rather old-fashioned yarn about a plucky underdog who triumphs in the face of adversity.
0.75 Eminem manages to take all that we think we know about Eminem and inject it into his character without turning the character into a simple screen version of himself.
0.8 Extremely enjoyable film, with a winning performance from Eminem -- essentially this is the Hip-Hop version of Rocky. In a good way.
0.75 That the final rap battle feels so electrifying rather than merely coming across as the usual rah-rah climax taps directly into the energy emanating from Eminem as he gives his character a real presence.
0.75 Not since Rocky brought Silvester Stallone to virtually instant stardom has there been a more effective attempt to repeat the phenomenon.
0.7 Eminem gives a focused, intelligent performance.
0.9 Eminem proves himself on the big screen with this extremely well-made film loosely based on his own life in innercity Detroit.
0.8 The unique format of the motion picture shows how valuable it can be, for what else can be used to so vividly capture the most important element in a story like this -- its cultural setting?
0.75 Even [Eminem's] most devoted admirers likely will be surprised by his ability to keenly render and compellingly sustain a character throughout a feature-length film.
0.5 If this movie had been directed by someone other than Curtis Hanson; I'm talking some nobody shmoe or some flashy music video director, critics would have dismissed this as just another singer-turned-actor star vehicle with no more depth than a shot glass
0.8 Em's lowdown, dirty diatribe may sound like treason, but you might discover that his rhyme is the reason.
0.75 First Adam Sandler's in an art film. Now Eminem's in a "sports" movie...go figure.
0.75 However you view it, it's a story that's been told before. And yet, it works.
0.2 If you took the 'f' word in its various permutations, 'yo,' 'man,' 'dawg,' 'word' and the phrase 'my bad' out of Curtis Hanson's 8 Mile, you'd have a silent movie -- and that might be an improvement.
0.7 A decent, American, inspirational, Rocky-esque story.
0.625 Eminem's compelling, assured, workaholic performance lifts 8 Mile above its standard fare convictions.
0.375 8 Mile" becomes tedious and tiresome in the first hour.
0.6 Eminem himself comes fully to life only during his raps -- which the film unwisely confines to the last 20 minutes.
0.75 Eminem plays a guy named "Rabbit," and he doesn't get any respect. Maybe going by the name "Rabbit" isn't the route to respect, yo.
0.6 About 3 miles to long and if you've seen Purple Rain, American Anthem, Rocky, Saturday Night Fever and to an extent Coyote Ugly and Glitter, you've seen 8 Mile.
0.75 Then there are the rap sequences where Eminem displays an energy close to unrivaled by any performance this year. In these scenes, he and the film show what they're really made of.
0.875 8 Mile has an authentic feel that transcends the phenomenon of Eminem; this is a realistic story about a guy trying to use music to escape a dead-end life.
0.75 We've seen these character types before, but through the lens of Curtis Hanson, we suffer, carouse and dream right along with them.
1.0 A brilliant, engaging examination of people who dream of escape.
0.7 If the part is not much of a mental or emotional stretch for him, [Eminem] acquits himself well enough for me to want to see him in other films.
0.75 Fittingly, avid Eminen enthusiasts and other targeted moviegoers will gleefully run this 8 Mile race and enjoy the antics of a misunderstood foul-mouthed rapping icon with layers of complexity
0.75 Believe it or not folks, this is the feel good movie of the year!
0.8 Can Eminem act? Yes, I am happy to report.
0.5 Even a rapper needs to punch things up a bit, and 8 Mile, for all its hip-hop braggadocio, is a pretty weak riff.
0.75 In many ways, the movie is just one big cliche, but Hanson's style gives it more weight and heft than it might otherwise have.
0.9 Curtis Hanson knew exactly what he was doing when he made 8 Mile.
0.75 Who wastes time watching Tiger Woods/When real action comes from the boyz in the hoods?
0.85 Certainly the best first film ever by a musician crossing over to the acting world.
0.4 So paper thin that the former 'king of controversy' was able to cram the entire plot into one little crossover rap song that's currently playing at a radio station near you.
0.875 Packs as much humor, hard truth and vitality as the rapper's LPs.
0.5 A by-the-numbers storyline, complete with character actions that don't make a lick of sense because of how underdeveloped they are.
0.875 Eminem steals the picture from a cast with snap down to the smallest parts.
0.75 8 Mile proves to be a bumpy, but entertaining ride.
0.5 What's most disappointing is the thoroughly cliched story.
0.4 Underwhelming.
0.625 Eminem, much to the dismay of his detractors, turns in a rather fine performance in 8 Mile, a flawed film that still manages to make a powerful point.
0.625 Both in film and music, he tantalizes us with autobiographical detail while dazzling us with wit, grit, insight, profane humor and mind-boggling wordplay.
0.75 The triumph here is that Hanson and screenwriter Scott Silver have found a fresh way to tell this story.
0.7 Funny, well-acted and surprisingly engaging.
0.625 Unfortunately, 8 Mile does waste a lot of time dawdling over just about everything else ... until it finally begins to sputter at about the 6 mile mark.
0.625 Is Eminem a movie star? Only when he raps.
0.5 Pop-music biopics have a great history, but 8 Mile is for Eminem fans only.
0.75 [8 Mile is] more funny than foul, more inspiring than infuriating, more touching than not. In many ways, 8 Mile is a Rocky-like tale of determination and long odds that will appeal even to those who are turned off by most rap.
0.75 Thanks to Eminem and the rising rap momentum, 8 Mile is engrossing.
0.875 The film is emotionally charged, almost naturally so, with Hanson's direction stressing the pop rapture that music can provide in a world that's dirty and ugly.
0.8 Eminem delivers a performance of considerable passion and depth.
0.6 8 Mile is worth a look if only to watch Eminem on the big screen. Even when a film's a bit lame, it's always fun to be there when a star is being born.
0.875 8 Mile is among the best studio films of the year 2002.
0.75 What makes 8 Mile transcend the formulaic nature of its plot is the way it makes these rap competitions compelling even for those unfamiliar with rap music, and its scrupulous, loving rendition of a grim, wintry Detroit circa 1995.
0.75 For all its grit, 8 Mile ends up radiating a joyful, hopeful vibe. It's an old-school charmer.
0.875 8 Mile has the pop star of the moment, Eminem, and a hip-hop soundtrack that's as current as it is contagious, but, at its core, the movie's spirit is as old-school as it comes.
0.625 Merely a solid, conventional drama, because it ultimately loses sight of one very important fact: Eminem is at his best when he's making people angry, not when he's asking for their sympathy.
0.8 It's raw, it's intense and it's very engrossing.
0.6 [Eminem] goes the mile demanded of him and he emerges a certified winner this time out.
0.875 Some movies, a very few, possess the purity of myth, and they don't have to be great to be greatly important. The Wild One is an example; Saturday Night Fever is another. Now add 8 Mile to that short list.
1.0 Like the recently released 'Welcome to Collinwood' from Cleveland's Russo brothers, Curtis Hanson's '8 Mile' brings affection and honesty in equal measure to its tale of impoverished middle-Americans determined to get a better life -- on their own terms.
0.75 Say what you will about him as a person, but as a performing artist Marshall Mathers (a k a Eminem) has talent to spare. And one more thing -- his acting's not too bad, either.
0.75 Making the city look grimy and lonely, dark and wasted but still alive with people who care, the film gets you rooting for the guys who want to make 'Mo' (short for Motown) a major player.
0.75 We are hardly started in 8 Mile, and already we see that this movie stands aside from routine debut films by pop stars ... Like Prince's Purple Rain, it is the real thing.
0.75 8 Mile continues the director's visual tour of America's underbelly that heated up with L.A. Confidential and continued with the Pittsburgh of Wonder Boys.
0.8 Rapper Eminem's film debut is far better than you'd think -- and a pure demonstration of the power of charisma.
0.875 After just a few years in the spotlight, Eminem has accomplished something Elvis, Madonna, Michael and Mariah have not: He's made a great movie.
0.7 Is it worth a look? Sure. Is it begging to be parodied? Without a doubt...somebody alert the Wayans.
0.8 Say what you want about Eminem, but the guy has passion and a gift with words - the finale at the battle simply rocks the house.
0.75 Eminem wipes away his hubris, revealing a trembling, self-doubting kid on the way up.
0.375 All this hoopla about Eminem's so great, is it any more of a stretch than Prince in "Purple Rain" or Babs in "A Star is Born" or Woody in any movie where he's having an affair with a younger woman?
0.75 8 Mile should satisfy Eminem's legion of fans and, at the same time, affirms rap's power as an artform, as real beat poetry, for the uninitiated -- and even for the actively resistant.
0.75 Reactions to 8 Mile may be tempered by predispositions for or against the rapper, but the film cannot be faulted for lack of trying and may seduce skeptics with its energy and tone.
0.75 Eminem comes across as very genuine. It is his charisma, and his music, that make 8 Mile worth seeing.
0.875 If Juice gave you an appreciation for spinning vinyl, 8 Mile will put you in awe of the art of rhyme.
0.7 What's pretty amazing here is that Hanson has managed to take Scott Silver's lameass script and mediocre acting and turn it into something special.
0.8 Backed by a smart story that avoids easy answers and pat endings, the rapper may be in line for some real acting recognition.
0.75 Set in Detroit's 8 Mile, the dividing line between the city limits and the northern suburbs, 8 Mile is an exciting, well-crafted movie, loaded with urban atmosphere.
0.625 You have to question the time and care you want to invest in a character whose goal is to excel at insults
0.75 The way this movie is made, the way this story is told, this is what is meant by the phrase "keepin' it real."
0.625 Wounded and enigmatic, Eminem is a worthy focus.
0.875 `8 Mile'...doesn't justify the hateful violence in Eminem's lyrics, but it does help you understand where that rage comes from.
0.9 Even if...your idea of (w)rapping has more to do with leftover bologna than improvisational street slang, 8 Mile still goes the distance.
0.375 In the singers-who-can't-act sweepstakes, Britney Spears (Crossroads) is still on top, edging out Eminem, who is about on par with Mariah Carey (Glitter).
0.5 As the center of the movie's universe, Eminem is seriously lacking any sort of gravity that can hold the pieces together. It's no wonder, then, that 8 Mile falls apart.
1.0 Qualifies as a cinematic event by tapping into the roots of Eminem and the fury and feeling that inform his rap.
1.0 A movie that will satisfy hip-hop and Eminem fans in ways they never expected; even more significantly, it will touch people who thought they hated hip-hop and/or Eminem in ways they would have never expected.
0.7 Eminem kept his cool, and his new movie was straight dope.
0.5 By its crowd-pleasing finale, 8 Mile is well on its way to becoming redundant at best and facile at worst.
0.5 As a vanity project, the film is more tolerable than Purple Rain but it's every bit as obvious and redundant.
0.8 Eminem's performance as the struggling actor is very impressive.
0.6 I would imagine most of the exaggerated praise Mile has received is in direct correlation to the stupid pictures most rap-rock-pop stars have made in vain attempts to become movie stars.
0.7 The pleasant surprise of 8 Mile is that, despite the conventional structure of Scott Silver's script, Curtis Hanson hasn't made a film about Rabbit transcending his underclass roots, but embracing them instead.
0.625 Eminem gives a sincere, heartfelt, genuine performance as rapper Jimmy Smith (Rabbit) in the Detroit hood.
0.4 If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
0.5 a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
0.6 It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
0.333333333333 It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
0.2 The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
0.4 A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
0.4 Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
0.6 By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
0.2 Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
0.4 It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
0.2 A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
0.2 After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
0.4 While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
0.6 But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
0.2 Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
0.6 Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
0.5 ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
0.9 Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
0.75 Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
0.875 Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
0.7 For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
1.0 It's a delight.
0.8 Solid WWII drama with two can't-miss stars.
0.8 Watch Run Silent, Run Deep. Then watch K:19. Then complain that "They don't make 'em like they used to."
0.875 ...an exceptional thriller that's consistently elevated by the uniformly superb performances and Tom Tykwer's subdued yet stylish directorial choices.
0.75 Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a chunky paperback thriller that gets you through a week-long holiday.
0.625 The International packs handsome leads and exotic scenery - so why doesn't the film click with audiences like it should?
0.6 Tykwer demonstra conhecer as convencoes basicas do genero espionagem ao trazer uma atmosfera de intriga internacional a narrativa.
0.5 [Plays] itself as a mystery/thriller with something profound to say at the end, when we've pretty much heard a lot of this already.
0.8 See it for Owen's trademarked thinking cap and glower, the Guggenheim, the score, and the smugness of knowing first-hand that banks are actually much, much stupider than any movie could ever predict. Check it out, it's a fun time.
0.625 As far as stimulus packages go, The International fizzles.
0.7 It's helpful to keep in mind that any movie about the evils of corporate culture that's backed by a Hollywood studio has an inescapable identity crisis.
0.4 Emfanos aposteiromenos gia to proto toy taksidi sto Hollywood, o Tom Tykwer afinei ton Frank Griebe, ton fotografo toy ap' tin epohi toy Trekse, Lola, Trekse (1998), na bgalei oli ti doyleia
0.5 A world-weary Clive Owen takes on a powerful and corrupt bank in a tough but ultimately tedious - game of cat and mouse that ranges across Europe and North America
0.375 ...all the excitement of a corporate report combined with the liveliness of a stuffed animal.
0.7 If you're going to make a movie about homicidal bankers, you don't get extra dividends for exaggerated body counts.
0.625 The film offers a classic example of a screenwriter boxing himself in a narrative corner from which there is no escape.
0.7 Tom Tykwer's thriller shrewdly introduces Lou (Clive Owen) as he observes rather than acts.
0.6 The International is being presented as a "thriller for our times", but it's too far-fetched to be relevant. Still, it's an enjoyable yarn.
0.6 The pacing could be a bit faster and the script could be a little less obvious but this is overall well worth a look.
0.6 The International is far from being a Bourne or a Bond but it does pass muster for a Saturday night at the movies. Just.
0.6 The plot is heavy going at times and the interrogation scenes are a tad dull, while the dialogue is often just ludicrous.
0.5 I only wish that the final story was as strong as that initial concept.
0.5 There are dashes of style here and there that almost threaten to make the movie halfway worthwhile.
0.7 If he has trouble making his characters very interesting, Tykwer comes into his own in staging the action.
0.6 As frustrating as the story's shallowness is, this shortcoming is very nearly negated by the sheer physical pleasure of the production.
0.5 Eventually, you just let the tangled double-crossing take care of itself and enjoy the way the film defiantly bucks the contemporary thriller trend for shaky-cam coverage and lightning cuts.
0.6 After a promising start, The International is an increasingly disappointing experience. Hampered by a weak script which peaks far too early, all that's left in the finale is a steely performance from Clive Owen. Mildly entertaining at best.
0.6 This satisfyingly cynical dig at the world of high finance should please anyone with a taste for paranoid political thrillers.
0.6 Clive Owen may have lost the chance of playing 007, but he can still carry off an action movie, and proves it in this smart and handsomely made corporate conspiracy thriller from German director Tom Tykwer and first-time screenwriter Eric Singer.
0.8 Like a well-oiled thriller machine where bankers are bad guys, this is a guilty, guilty pleasure indeed.
0.4 Uninspired and inconsequential, The International provides less thrills than a meeting with your local bank manager to discuss interest rates.
0.6 The film-makers are predictably making much of the allegedly prophetic nature of their bankers-as-villains storyline. Nice try. At its heart, The International is just another tale of a flawed idealist tangling with faceless corporate evil.
0.6 After the critical and commercial success of the Bourne series, thriller-makers really have to raise their game...and this doesn't do the business, save for a couple of brilliant shoot-out setpieces.
0.6 Leaving behind the aromatic fantasy of Perfume, Tom Tykwer weighs in with a tense and exhilarating entry into the spy genre. This is an espionage thriller well worth investing in.
0.9 It deserves to be a major hit.
0.4 For all its serious intent, Tykwer's 'relevant' thriller proves to be perilously naff.
0.6 If the rest of the picture had been as thrilling and action packed and the characters a touch more original, the opaque but charismatic Owen and the achingly transparent Watts could be embarking on a series of movies to rival the Bourne franchise.
0.6 As an action thriller The International might well lack the full-on fight scenes of a Bourne movie, but it is a smart and sophisticated globetrotting thriller with just the right villain for these troubled times.
0.6 Paranoia abounds in this slick but stodgy drama recalling the conspiracy thrillers so beloved of 1970s cinemagoers.
0.6 Message to Clive Owen: Daniel Craig filled the James Bond vacancy a while back and is doing a great job, so you really should stop auditioning for the role.
0.6 It's reasonably efficient, passably entertaining, and strenuously playing catch-up with the Bourne movies: flat-footed Owen doesn't look as good as Matt Damon sprinting through city streets, and the editing doesn't match Paul Greengrass's whiplash pace.
0.6 Overlong and underwritten, this corporate-noir thriller is propelled by its gleaming good looks.
0.6 The title of the sleekly professional The International sounds off-puttingly more like a corporate hotel than a thriller and the first half proves just as blandly businesslike.
0.6 Though The International starts decently enough, its flailing action set-pieces and dialogue such as "sometimes a man can meet his destiny on the road he took to avoid it" drag it down to a very pedestrian level.
0.4 The International would love to be the new Michael Clayton but it's nowhere near smart enough. It also fancies its chances as the new Taken but it just doesn't have the guts.
0.6 As a thriller this raises the stakes high enough for us to invest our time and as brainy entertainment, is definitely one you can bank on.
0.6 The film seems to unfurl at a pace that by modern standards could be described as leisurely, and yet that works in its favour, even though it also allows us more time to contemplate some of the script's more implausible elements.
0.75 The whole indeed proves to be greater than the parts thanks to Tykwer's direction.
0.625 An action flick with smarts, but that's not to say the brain and the brawn always coexist easily.
0.8 Now that "banker" is a term of abuse, more offensive than any word it rhymes with, Tom Tykwer's film is extremely timely. It has the hard-edged efficiency of The Odessa File - and a sequel would be most welcome.
0.8 The International has its fair share of dodgy moments, but these are more than compensated for by an amusingly topical plot, some stunning photography and a thrilling shoot-out sequence.
0.6 The film goes off to a sort of sluggish start, and its ending just goes on and on. But in the middle is one of the most astonishingly awesome action sequences in recent cinematic history.
0.625 a relatively engaging, if not terribly convincing, variant on the evil corporation thriller
0.8 Despite a preposterous shootout at the Guggenheim and the puzzling presence of an unneeded Naomi Watts, Clive Owen carries this ultimately action-filled thriller.
0.5 A bankrupt thriller.
0.5 After a gripping opening scene, The International often shudders to a halt trying to explain its convoluted plot.
0.6 This international conspiracy thriller is like a Robert Ludlum movie without Paul Greengrass
0.7 There is considerable satisfaction in seeing these tyrants of high finance live up to their image as the new villains of modern cinema, but even more satisfying are Tykwer's superbly staged action set pieces.
0.7 At a time when the global financial crisis is being blamed, to a large extent, on the banking industry I suppose it's only to be expected that a bank will become the villain of a movie thriller.
0.75 Unlike many recent thrillers, it's not disposable. Days after seeing it, the film is still on my mind.
0.25 an exact replica of The Interpreter in every way that counts and is, therefore, completely, immanently, blessedly forgettable.
0.75 The whole point of a nefarious institution is that it doesn't have to get its hands dirty. Who needs assassins when you have lobbyists?
0.5 Frenetic and far-fetched, it's an intense, often incoherent indictment of insidious capitalism.
0.5 Bankers have replaced lawyers in the hate chain, at least that is the premise of this movie
0.25 Clive Owen and Naomi Watts wasted in overly-ambitious, over-plotted potboiler.
0.75 Slow and preposterous but intriguing and engaging as well.
0.6 Engaging enough thriller if you don't stop to think about it.
0.2 The story is bland. The performances are bland. There was nowhere for the plot to go and nowhere for this review to go. The end. Roll credits.
0.7 Having made a bank their villain %u2014 a bank, mind you, not a banker %u2014 director Tom Tykwer and his screenwriters have pretty firmly captured the zeitgeist.
0.4 The International is so confusing I would rather stand in a long bank line than have to watch it again.
0.75 Even without that extended thrashing of the Guggenheim, The International is more fun than its 'really, you're going after a bank?' trailer suggests.
0.625 Realized by Tykwer as a convoluted roman a clef that, without much heart, seems to have been pumped up with action scenes.
0.375 Considering the nation's top banking CEOs were just paraded across the small screen in a C-SPAN perp walk, they hardly look like invincible super villains. Evil? Maybe. Powerful. Not really.
0.375 A film that squanders a golden opportunity to make money on the current economic meltdown.
0.75 It's the basic recipe for a 1970s paranoid thriller throwback: spies, a vast conspiracy and a smart hero thwarted at every turn by a plot that's bigger than he could possibly imagine.
0.75 The International won't go down as an action thriller for the record books, but it's a pretty good one for right now. First of all, the villain is a bank. How's that for timing?
0.5 A stylish but standard thriller centered on an international bank's malfeasance, The International fails to resonate even on a bank-hating level.
0.625 The International possesses the look and feel of a thriller, but not the heart or soul of one.
0.625 Perhaps it's best not to think so much and simply be swept along -- by Clive Owen, Naomi Watts and Armin Mueller-Stahl.
0.375 One of those movies sponsored by an international conglomerate that lectures us about how all international conglomerates are corrupt.
0.625 Beautifully shot, often in or against some of the world's most impressive architecture, The International is far from a total loss. It's just a film whose good assets don't pay off in gripping drama.
0.625 Despite the torn-from-the-headlines subject matter, The International feels generic.
0.7 Mercifully free of car chases but packed with other adrenaline injections -- including a couple of life-and-death foot races for Clive Owen -- The International is a classy, old-school thriller.
0.5 The movie has crisp style and kinetic flair, but some of its flaws are too central for technical invention to dispel.
0.5 This seemingly surefire recipe for box-office success is squandered on a thriller that, quite simply, forgets to be thrilling.
0.625 The International isn't top-form Tykwer, but it's handsome and adamant, and now's as good a time as any for some out-of-control greedy-banker-bashing.
0.75 The International is a sleek, engaging example of a peculiar form of escapist entertainment, a favorite, in fact: It's a thriller that eases us away from our present worries without fully erasing a resonance with life beyond the multiplex.
0.625 Apart from the episode in the Guggenheim, the action in The International is distant and overcalculated.
0.625 Some thrillers settle into a rut of adequacy, rarely spiking above or below the baseline. Not The International. Director Tom Tykwer's new picture is all over the place, geographically and in terms of audience satisfaction.
0.82 Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim Museum in New York gets its props.... Not since Matthew Barney's Cremaster Cycle has the Upper East Side landmark hosted such violence.
0.4 There are a number of reasons why this thriller fails to thrill, beginning with Eric Warren Singer's script.
0.75 It has some superb action set-pieces and some surprising character depths, and it's possible to lose oneself in the moment and come away entertained.
0.625 More intriguing than the action is Tykwer's use of architecture; his characters are dwarfed by looming towers of cold steel and glass, which says more about the apparent hopelessness of their quest for justice than any of the machinations of the plot.
0.8 The International is one of the better films of 2009 so far and contains an action scene that is worth the price of admission.
0.375 The International isn't pitching itself at Jack Ryan territory, but weirdly, at The Da Vinci Code.
0.75 With its investigation (and a few expertly conceived action set pieces), The International builds a compelling case.
0.7 Impossible to follow the plot but easy to appreciate the thrilling shootout at the Guggenheim.
0.8 Smart, tense and effective ... an intelligent conspiracy thriller that takes its time setting things up, but delivers one of the most impressive set pieces of the year.
0.6 A globe-hopping suspense thriller with bankers as the villains.
0.5 The International, a sleek travelogue thriller, at least flirts with timeliness, winking at an angry and anxious public mood.
0.6 The International plays less like a modern action thriller and more like a conspiracy-minded '70s flick -- think Three Days of the Condor or The Parallax View.
0.6 Calculating and distant, as if instead of a movie we're watching a monetary transaction between a filmmaker and his audience.
0.7 The International starts out with a strong espionage vibe but is weakened when it strays into "action movie" territory.
0.5 The film opens with style, promise & top notch cinematography/direction. Sadly, after an hour of intrigue, thrill, & chase, the script sharply strays from earlier smarts.
0.375 The International feels like a message in search of a movie.
0.5 The International could have turned out to be a prescient statement about our times instead of one that increasingly droops our eyelids just when it should be opening them.
0.8 Fantastic action, a brilliant cast and a sharp script tightly directed, The International's thrills and excitement are matched and heightened by its uncannily apropos timing.
0.8 traces its bloodline back to the paranoia peddlers of the 1970s
0.4 It's got some effective moments and aspects, but the film goes in and out of plausibility, and its elements never manage to unify into a coherent whole.
0.625 OK, it doesn't tell you much about the role of banks in the current economic free-fall. But if you want to know, it's a humdinger of a stimulus package.
0.4 The International almost seems like a Monty Python spoof on spy-game thrillers in which the phrase 'secret agent' is constantly replaced by 'banker,' resulting in lines like, '...If I die, 100 other bankers take my place.'
0.625 Despite the script's persistent focus on the link between terrorism and big business, The International feels naggingly generic. You've seen this movie before, if perhaps not quite so stylishly directed.
0.5 As smartly as it begins, the film nearly completely unravels around the 70-minute mark.
0.5 Everything about it is good-looking, tautly paced and sophisticated; what it isn't, unfortunately, is memorable.
0.625 Where Run Lola Run was like a perpetual-motion machine, The International seems to forever be stopping in its own tracks.
0.625 The International is a film I liked enough that I wished I liked it better.
0.625 It's a well-made and handsome drama centering on a powerful and corrupt European bank with ties to arms dealers.
0.5 A lot like the global economic crisis -- muddled and grim.
0.7 Swift investigations alter with elaborate set pieces in Milan and a staggering climax at the New York Guggenheim, a furious explosion of violence and excitement that ranks among the most exhilarating sequences I've seen in a long time.
0.5 For every burst of energy or eye-catching visual, the film doubly shoots itself in the foot with listless pacing and dreary thematics. Ultimately, it isn't worth the effort to get to the good stuff.
0.5 An action thriller with some decent action and a few thrills, but all embedded in a yarn so hopelessly tangled that even the loose threads have knots.
0.5 The International is just passable; it's a clock-puncher that's almost entirely free of suspense or surprise.
0.75 A fairly good thriller with mixed-bag elements: preposterous plot, smartly elegant direction, one of the worst recent performances by a major actress, and a dynamite stick of an action scene that can stand close to the greats.
0.6 The International impressively uses architecture as tone sculpture, primarily setting its action in the clean affluence of polished steel, clear glass and poured concrete modernism. Rarely does a thriller convey such an effortless stench of untouchability
0.75 I enjoyed The International. Clive Owen makes a semi-believable hero, not performing too many feats that are physically unlikely.
0.8 The pace is fast and the action, particularly a mind-boggling shoot-'em-up in the Guggenheim Museum, furious enough. But the less-conventional elements are in many ways even more effective.
0.5 As if we need another reason to hate banks right now.
0.875 Taut conspiracy thriller is elevated above the ordinary thanks to Tom Tykwer's sharp direction and a typically rock solid performance by Clive Owen.
0.6 [I]nternational bankers...trafficking in munitions and weapons systems in all the powder-keg regions of a troubled world. Is that a group you can love to hate or what?
0.4 a convoluted film about a complicated subject
0.75 In terms of tension - pure, cinematic suspense - the picture is a knockout.
0.5 Even classed up with Clive Owen and Naomi Watts, the story -- inspired by an actual late-'80s/early-'90s scandal -- seems slightly confused and dated.
0.6 It's a film that, mad as it sometimes seems, gives you things to chew on.
0.4 There's an extraordinary shoot-out at the Guggenheim Museum coming to theaters this week; unfortunately, you have to sit through The International to see it.
0.6 Falls into the groove of a conventional action story -- albeit with some contemporary resonances.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is a movie bull's-eye: noir with an attitude, a thriller packing punches. It gives up its evil secrets with a smile.
1.0 At the center of the movie are three mismatched cops with separately fueled ambitions, ferociously played by Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce. Their combined charisma almost smashes through the screen.
1.0 L.A. Confidential isn't quite up there with Chinatown, but it's the closest thing to come down the Santa Monica Freeway in the last 23 years.
1.0 Spicy and boiling-hot, this sensational early-'50s crime drama is a morality play disguised as pulp fiction -- a sprawling saga of corruption and redemption set against a flashy West Coast backdrop.
0.8 While not reaching the twisted heights of the superbly sinister Chinatown, L.A. Confidential is smart, complex and engrossing.
0.875 L.A. Confidential is a satisfyingly plotted film with echoes of the 1974 classic Chinatown.
1.0 This superlative filming of James Ellroy's complex 1950s detective story by director Curtis Hanson fuses period authenticity, fluid direction and searing, full-blooded performances.
1.0 The genius of the film -- and it is a film of genius, without a doubt -- is that it holds an investigation into the human soul's capacity for evil, while somehow still managing to be funny, thrilling, lively, shocking and unremittingly entertaining.
0.75 A glamorous, alluring entertainment that revels in the artifice of Hollywood while exposing its corrupt heart, L.A. Confidential pays stylish homage to some of the great film noirs of the distant and recent past.
1.0 Writer-director Curtis Hanson's adaptation of the James Ellroy novel wasn't merely one of the two or three greatest movies of the 1990s; it stands as a masterpiece for the ages.
0.75 L.A. Confidential understands that men don't always respond to evil with good and that the question of whom society regards as heroes isn't always a clear cut as it seems.
1.0 A modern cinematic classic...the alchemical reaction of a director and a charmed collaboration of actors, writers, and design artists...[Blu-ray]
0.9 ...one of the most absorbing, compelling, most thoroughly enjoyable crime thrillers to have come along in the past decade.
0.875 Spacey's Vincennes is the standout in a just about flawless ensemble, and director Curtis Hanson keeps the hugely complicated story zooming along the boulevard of broken dreams without losing sight of the details that make the trip worthwhile.
1.0 Dizzying and powerful.
0.9 I dug it big-time, baby!
1.0 In doing away with manners, Hanson's hardboiled detective stories craft a more hard-hitting picture of the time than any filmmaker who worked in the 1950s could have dreamed
0.75 This police corruption thriller, based on a James Ellroy novel, drags in places and ultimately fails in its film noir genre, but it's tops in art direction and photography.
0.75 A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying.
1.0 Acted to perfection with more twists than you can shake a stick at.
0.8 It is an intriguing whodunit, but nothing really unpredictable. Good work by Pierce and Crowe, though.
0.875 It's dark stuff, all right. But it's good dark.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is the closest thing to a classic cop movie you could imagine, a throwback to a few decades ago.
1.0 It demands that the viewer pay attention, not assuming for one second that its audience may consist of dummies. That audience is rewarded with an environment oozing with atmosphere.
0.875 How good is "L.A. Confidential"? Kim Basinger gives a convincing performance - that's how good.
0.7 A top-notch thriller, an intricate tale of corruption, lust and betrayal that thematically recalls vintage film noir while stylistically coming closer to Roman Polanski's Chinatown.
1.0 Pode parecer impossivel, mas ainda se pode fazer um otimo filme noir hoje em dia.
0.875 A rattling good police story and a dark, laughing tone poem to the never-innocent city of illusions.
1.0 Director Curtis Hanson's elegant film is faithful to Ellroy's multi-layered and labyrinthine book, requiring some concentration to keep up with the subtle plot twists and coded dialogue.
1.0 Destined to be one of the best, if not the best, of the year.
1.0 One of the best films of the year, an excellent film noir murder mystery brimming with style and atmosphere and topped off with fine acting.
0.875 Crooked cops. The mystery and allure of Hollywood in the '50s. Death, double-crossing, and secret alliances. Paparazzi waiting to get that one breakthrough picture.
1.0 L.A. Confidential is immersed in the atmosphere and lore of film noir, but it doesn't seem like a period picture--it believes its noir values and isn't just using them for decoration.
1.0 Hanson has directed a number of clever suspense films, but this one puts everything else he's done in the shade. L.A. Confidential is at the same time his most personal movie and Hollywood filmmaking at its best.
0.9 Take strong performances, an involved story and period atmosphere, then throw in sex, violence, corruption and politics to make one hell of a crime drama.
1.0 Speaking strictly on the record, and not at all hush-hush: Don't miss L.A. Confidential.
1.0 All of the characters are finely detailed and fascinating. Crowe and Pearce give exceptionally good performances. Their vibrant portrayals bring immediacy to their characters and actions.
1.0 this movie is such a satisfying whole
1.0 Every scene in the movie is good.
0.75 There are no surprises about who dies, but the ingenuity of the good cops and the director's perfect timing combine to produce the best scene in the movie.
0.75 It's a film that has substance and sweep to match its high sense of style.
0.7 Kudos to director Curtis Hanson and co-screenwriter Brian Helgeland for whipping James Ellroy's seminal novel of 1950s Los Angeles police corruption and noir sexuality into recognizable shape for this distinguished film adaptation.
1.0 There wasn't a moment where I wasn't amazed, bowled over by its greatness. This film just shows that one can still do noir and make it non-Tarantino-esque.
1.0 Hanson cast two actors from Down Under, Crowe and Pearce, in the lead roles of Bud White and Ed Exley, respectively. This decision works wonders for the film; if it had had big name stars in the lead, the viewer would most possibly be distracted by this.
0.875 Admiration will likely extend for years to come.
0.8 Director Hanson's convoluted plot -- tracing the rise, fall, and redemption of L.A. cops played by Guy Pearce, Russell Crowe, Kevin Spacey, and James Cromwell -- is all over the map until its handy, bloody ending (body count > 25).
1.0 This is about one of the best crime dramas in years.
0.875 Brilliant, complex, cinematic noir-inspired cop drama L.A. Confidential an instant classic.
0.9 One of the best stories I have seen on the screen in a long time.
1.0 Hollywood moviemaking at its finest--a classy piece of entertainment made with equal parts passion, style, and fun.
0.7 Pearce, Crowe and Spacey do solid work with solid characters. They're never boring, and never fascinating.
0.75 A solid, confident thriller.
1.0 The look of the film is terrific and is filled with period details. The clothes, the cars, sets and dialogue all weave together to form a great background tapestry to the story.
0.5 Elaborate but ultimately pointless short film about the love between a lady salad and a male trout in the cold storage closet of a restaurant.
0.4 Merika empneysmena eyrimata (...) kai dyo entyposiakes ermineies, poy mporei na min arkoyn apo mones toys, alla kanoyn poly perissotera ap' osa tha perimenes gia na se kratisoyn ksypnio stoys halaroys rythmoys.
0.4 Ensemble crime noir wannabe.
0.875 Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
0.75 A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
1.0 Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
0.6 On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
1.0 Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
0.7 Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
0.75 It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
0.6 Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
1.0 Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
1.0 The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
0.6 With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
0.9 A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
0.8 One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
0.8 It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
1.0 For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
0.75 So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
0.4 Colorless '50s remake is all suggestiveness and no depth.
0.4 Padded and lifeless
0.9 Easily the best film of its genre since 'Soul Food' and definitely makes for a excellent holiday season treat.
0.6 Family holiday dramedy has some iffy content.
0.75 If you're looking for a film that celebrates the holiday spirit, This Christmas would be my first suggestion because it's heartfelt and not too sweet.
0.875 Here's a family you'll want to visit for the holidays. Maybe you'll event want to stay through New Year's.
0.8 ...there's a genuine feeling of a real family's real Christmas, with all its heat as well as warmth, the kind of thing that's missing from the plastic platitudes of holiday junk like Fred Claus...
0.75 While formula is still the same, it's quite amusing, romantic, and a delightful holiday treat for a family to enjoy.
0.75 This is a very entertaining movie, despite all the inplausablities, and doesn't get down to the insipidness of most Holiday family outings.
0.625 o matter how silly the situation, each member of the uniformly strong cast creates a nice balance between sentimental and sweet -- which is just how every holiday gathering should feel.
0.4 If you like schmaltzy, music-saturated family movies, This Christmas will set all the right bells jingling.
0.2 "Destined to become a Yuletide classic, " claim the press notes. Well, they do say Christmas is a time for dreaming.
0.4 It's formulaic and corny as hell, but a top-notch cast keep this festive family drama believable - just.
0.2 The clumsy dialogue is so busy explaining the back stories that it doesn't have time for decent one-liners.
0.2 Like discovering a family pet mutilated under the mistletoe, this second Christmas offering does its damnedest to suck all joy out of the festive season.
0.6 No Christmas cracker but a likable holiday movie, This Christmas is full of seasonal cheer, some witty banter and a raft of enthusiastic performances from its high-spirited cast.
0.4 Goodwill be stuffed - this is about as appetising as a plateful of reheated sprouts.
0.4 Don't expect realism from this frothy little number, but do expect a bit of heart-warming cheer courtesy of romantic unions, overcome prejudices, reconciled enemies and general peace and understanding.
0.4 The kind of 14-pound turkey you can only excuse at Christmas.
0.333333333333 This is good-natured, determinedly aspirational African-American entertainment, but did it have to be quite so heavy on the cliches?
0.6 Watchable ensemble drama with a strong cast and an above average script, though it will sorely test your patience for group dance scenes.
0.7 The performances and Whitmore's ability to keep it all moving at a good clip make it pleasing entertainment -- most of the time.
0.4 Like mum's home-made comfort food, it's warming but not really that good for you.
0.7 This Christmas adheres to this formula and impressively stays away from the cheese and the sap that ordinarily accompany holiday pictures.
0.7 Timely, festive and aimed at an African-American audience, it's an angst-filled soap-opera, overstuffed with suds.
0.8 Very real and easily relatable.
0.75 Quite convincing in conveying the feeling of a real family, and in generating the requisite chemistry or antipathy as called for by their dysfunctional characters' dire circumstances.
0.375 If the real-life Christmas experience tends too often to be marred by the rude contradiction between expectations and reality, movies like the ultra-bland holiday family movie This Christmas are at least partly to blame.
0.5 An incoherent mess in which scenes of teary reconciliations sit uncomfortably next to protracted gags involving catfights, car wrecks and a big bottle of baby oil.
0.5 Would be right at home as a movie made for television. As a feature film, it is a forgettable, humdrum sapfest.
0.75 Through the copious hugs and soundtrack cues, This Christmas hits the familiar holiday themes earnestly -- and during the Christmas season, that should count for something.
0.75 This Christmas is not your typical family holiday movie, and thank goodness for that. It's warm, witty and alive, with a fantastic cast and a belief in its characters that transcends its formulaic tendencies.
0.7 This feels like the movie Tyler Perry has been trying to make for years now -- just less stage bound and better acted.
0.625 There is a familiar quality to the multi-generational family holiday homecoming that nicely blends drama and comedy. It's a cut above the standard heartwarming fare that fills theaters this time of year.
0.75 With heaping amounts of food, music, seasonal spirit and drama, drama, drama, there's no reason not to add this one to a shortlist of recent holiday favorites.
0.75 Sometimes a movie can succeed because of just one thing: people we like a lot.
0.5 This Christmas includes more family melodrama than all the holiday-homecoming flicks from the past decade combined.
0.625 King is too strong a presence to be convincing as a pushover. She's still interesting to watch, and her character's friction with sister Kelli seem truthful at moments. But just about everything involving Lisa and her husband is a stretch.
0.625 At two full hours it can feel as exhausting as a holiday dinner with your own family.
0.75 A family movie that holds few surprises but an abundance of hope and goodwill.
0.75 What's surprising is how well Whitmore, the director, manages to direct traffic... It's sort of a screwball-comedy effect, but with a heart.
0.625 One of those overstaffed, overstuffed 'when do we eat?' holiday dramedies.
0.4 I have to ask: What could possibly explain the presence of two first-rate actors like Lindo and Elba in a movie as bland as This Christmas?
0.5 A holiday film with much goodwill but just as much predictability.
0.4 Another tragically banal step backwards in black filmmaking that looks to keep it from ever being taken seriously.
0.5 There are more status symbols hanging from this family drama than a department-store tree has ornaments.
0.75 ...after having endured movies like The Family Stone and Christmas with the Kranks..., it is a most welcome and delightful relief.
0.4 That's right, this is a Christmas film that actually constructs a happy ending out of the sight of a naked and oiled black man being whipped for comedic effect.
0.4 A warm and warmed-over collection of holiday-movie cliches packaged in a movie about a large extended black family.
0.625 Overstuffed, formulaic but very easy to take.
0.75 At the multiplex where so many holiday movies feel regifted, This Christmas is a gift.
0.5 As inert as an artificial tree and as pointless as eggnog without brandy.
0.75 Writer-director Preston A. Whitmore II serves up an overstuffed but satisfying Yuletide comedy-drama with a fine cast.
0.875 a cornucopia of cine-cheer and familydysfunction.
0.5 A holiday melodrama suffering from severe bloat.
0.8 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu seems effortlessly observed, even improvised, but it's actually a wonder of choreography, rhythm and social commentary.
0.8 blending social commentary with spiritual allegory, it traces one man's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania's healthcare service
0.7 The film feels very real and not a little scary since the viewer knows that he is very likely to eventually likely to share Lazarescu's fate.
1.0 Absurdamente angustiante em seu realismo sem concessoes, este e mais do que um filme-denuncia (apropriado para varios paises, alias); e, acima de tudo, um olhar agridoce sobre o melhor e o pior em todos nos.
0.9 A harsh critique of the modern medical system, and though it takes place specifically in Romania, its events could be easily transferred elsewhere.
0.75 Mr. Lazarescu's ordeal will stick with you.
0.75 There's something about Fiscuteanu's quietly desperate performance (with much of the emotion conveyed through his eyes), that gets under your skin.
1.0 As commentary, it's grim. As filmmaking, it's a powerfully disturbing odyssey through the Bucharest health care system.
1.0 It seems extraordinary to claim that this film is funny but it is.
0.6 As a story of the callous impersonalization we inflict upon one another, the film is timeless.
0.875 "Extraordinary" is used here in both meanings of the word: highly unusual and exceptional.
0.8 Stay with it and you'll discover a devastatingly powerful blast at red tape and an achingly moving examination of what we will all have to face one day.
0.8 Long, but engrossing and frequently enraging drama that not only exposes the flaws in the Romanian health service, but also in modern humanity.
0.875 This two-and-half-hour Romanian drama may sound like a trial, but it's oddly, warmly captivating.
1.0 The movie is a stunner, so hypnotic that the length hardly matters.
1.0 [The] uniquely Eastern European brand of absurdity recalls the work of Vaclav Havel, playwright and former President of Czechoslovakia. At least, it would be absurd if it weren't so credible.
0.75 As both a film and an indictment of health-care practices, it's scathing and effective.
0.875 By recording this all too commonplace and dehumanizing process, Puiu's film shows the sick old man and the strangers who deal with him to be all too human -- extraordinarily so.
0.875 The film seems pitiless as it records every detail but, as you watch a man who clings to life and an ambulance driver whose search for a hospital becomes a mythic quest, what you're left with is compassion.
1.0 Puiu maintains a strong current of suspense about the outcome -- despite the title, will this Lazarus be revived? --- and a bracingly cynical sense of humor that rescues the material from being a total downer.
0.6 Fiscuteanu's Lazarescu is a strange, compelling creation, and if you allow it time, this haunting, artful movie will get under your skin.
0.8 If you love adventurous cinema, [Cristi] Puiu's transcendent, unique foray into the culture of health care is a must-see.
1.0 I suspect medical professionals would see much they recognize in this movie. The credits include a long list of technical advisers, but it doesn't take an adviser to convince you the movie is authentic.
1.0 It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm, but the Romanian film The Death of Mr. Lazarescu is a rich, strange and weirdly gratifying odyssey.
0.8 A mordant parable of and about our time as well as a poem of personal urban decay.
0.7 It's rainy and dark as death in Bucharest in a tale of that last ride on Medicare.
0.8 It's one of those films where we root for almost everybody.
1.0 It's full of humor, pathos and a deep humanism that comes as a warm blast in this age of lifeless, cinematic junk.
0.75 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu would seem to give its plot away with its title. But, as the movie itself demonstrates, not everything is as it first seems.
0.625 ... dark and overlong drama ...
0.4 This stark, gritty Romanian import from co-writer/director Cristi Puiu isn't so much unsuccessful as it is excruciatingly dull.
1.0 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu takes aim at the grotesqueries of the hospital experience with killing accuracy, like a mallet blow to the knee that comes down harder than anticipated.
0.375 It's supposed to be about a Kafkaesque experience. Instead, it is a Kafkaesque experience. Why are we here? Is everything absurd? Is anyone in charge?
0.6 Not a line of the pungent dialogue is wasted. Beneath the quasi-documentary veneer lies a well-written screenplay.
1.0 The ailing title character in this thorny masterpiece by the Romanian director Cristi Puiu suffers a late-night descent through circles of medical hell.
0.8 a gentle parable of the delicacy of mortality
0.8 A sad and scary film about the ignominy of dying alone in a hospital room surrounded by strangers and without dignity.
0.7 A brilliant work of cinematic art.
0.875 The Death of Mr. Lazarescu comes on like a force of nature; radiating a startling intensity, it demands to be reckoned with.
0.5 I know several folks in military service who wouldn't watch this movie if you paid them.
0.8 Alejado de cualquier rastro de patriotismo, desnudando la complejidad emocional detras de un drama historicamente recurrente que ha sido retratado con frecuencia por el cine norteamericano, aunque esta vez de manera un poco mas intimista.
0.8 It never feels contrived or overwritten, managing to deftly pack emotional punches through the strength of its performances and direction.
0.8 It's a shame so few people will see this on the silver screen.
0.4 Don't let the fact Woody Harrelson got an Oscar nomination tempt you anywhere near The Messenger - the message here is about as welcome as a death knock on a wet Sunday afternoon.
0.6 Although it stumbles on the storytelling, drifting rather repetitively around the lives of its haunted protagonists, it's a rewarding, humane picture.
0.6 An intelligent and well-acted film which deserves its outing here.
0.8 It's a film of quietly assured dramatic clout, a strong and sober reckoning with American conscience.
0.8 Stumbles a little, loosening its grip in the bromantic final stretch. But if impenitent heartstring pluckage is what you're after, this is where it's at.
0.8 This worthwhile drama reports from the home front as the war on terror continues.
0.8 The Oscar-nominated script pursues a grimly honourable task into its grim and not always honourable byways.
0.8 Intimate, powerful filmmaking.
0.6 It's a welcome addition to the increasingly interesting movie canon dealing with the downside of the war.
0.8 [An] unpredictable, episodic, deeply resonant character piece.
0.8 A powerhouse performance full of tragic comic undertones while looking at the psychological effects of war in an original storytelling manner...
0.6 A worthy addition to the canon of Iraq war films, The Messenger has a gentle humanity that creeps under your skin.
0.4 Shame nobody told writer-director Oren Moverman not to shoot The Messenger... before giving the script a good rewrite first.
0.8 It's a tough job but someone's got to do it in a moving look at one of the armed forces' most harrowing details.
0.8 This is a great anti-war film examining the residual effect of war on the people who fight it and the people who are left behind.
0.9 Woody Harrelson and Ben Foster dominate every inch of the screen.
0.9 The worst job in the army isn't cleaning latrines or disarming roadside bombs, it is being back home telling people that someone they love has been killed.
0.7 Viewers will appreciate the work ethic up there on the screen, and how it finds a number of fresh and telling angles on the complexities of the grieving process.
0.7 The two leads give nuanced, lived in performances that unfold slowly but with certain determination.
0.6 The film does lapse into cliche with Foster's descent into alcohol as a means of coping with the daily trauma of the job, but Israeli director Oren Moverman keeps the film rich in raw detail.
0.8 The film is poised, unforced and powerful.
1.0 It's sublime to see Woody Harrelson become Robert Duvall, with grit, gusto and muscles visibly twitching beneath his head. "The Messenger" is draining, but not numbing - an agnostic anthem to the impossibility of applying predictive methods to grief.
0.7 The massage is important, and the acting from Harrelson is incredible.
0.95 The Messenger drives home the point that war is a losing proposition, which has nothing to do with who is victorious on the battlefield. They're the everyday losses of life, of family, of friends.
1.0 A powerful, PTSD PSA for 'Don't ask, don't kiss and tell' advocates.
1.0 A tremendously moving drama, filled with heartbreak, humor and, most importantly, humanity.
0.75 The vignettes of reactions to Montgomery and Stone's grim visits are the meat of the movie.
0.625 ...Foster and Harrelson's respectively striking work is alone justification for the film's existence.
1.0 The bombshell is the news of a soldier's death and the delivery of that message is the heart of this unsentimental, yet deeply moving, story.
0.8 It's Foster's movie.
0.875 The film is premised on the verbal communication of urgent information, yet its many non-verbal moments provide the greatest strength and clarity.
0.875 Harrelson received an Oscar nomination for supporting actor for his grim and volatile performance, but it could just as easily have gone to the quietly seething Foster.
0.6 Hero Without a Cause
0.6 There isn't a single glimpse of battlefield action in The Messenger, but Foster conveys the intensity of warfare in a long speech revealing how Will was injured.
0.89 ...a stunningly sad and sobering movie about the inevitable personal costs of national bellicosity.
1.0 A film that never forgets those who most feel the pain of loss during a time of war.
0.8 The Messenger is the first film from Oren Moverman as a director, and it's a fine piece of work.
0.875 Harrelson gives us layers of hurt under a callous yet needy crust. It may be the best performance of his career and certainly deserves Oscar consideration.
0.6 The Messenger is a film about shock and healing. Forget awe. In a world that avoids the realities of war, The Messenger casts a flickering light on some of the human cost of war.
0.875 As suspenseful -- in its less-violent way -- as 'The Hurt Locker,' as the soldiers bring their bad news to the homes of unsuspecting family members in a series of devastating vignettes, beautifully wrought by director Oren Moverman.
0.75 With the insight and sensitivity of an insider, The Messenger illuminates the sometimes invisible victims of war -- the survivors -- and a pain that is tolerated but never quite healed.
1.0 The Messenger makes it [the death of a soldier] personal. And it is uncomfortable. Well-done movies about the tragedy of war and its impact on ordinary lives are that way.
0.6875 Well acted, bare-bones look at homefront horror, but it's not quite in the same war league as The Hurt Locker.
0.7 Implies without stating, allowing us to understand and interpret the men as we will, without having anything forced down our throats.
0.7 Valiantly brings all wars to their ultimate endpoint: death and its effects on the fallen's loved ones.
0.8 This is the kind of film people might skip due to the preponderance of war movies out there, or forget in the wake of flashier end-of-the-year output, but The Messenger is one to watch for great performances.
0.86 Powerful and resonant, this is a film that asks us to look at the human cost of war. Ben Foster is a revelation.
1.0 An emotionally affecting drama about the birth of compassion in an Iraq war hero assigned to work for the Casualty Notification Office.
0.875 Foster is a revelation, while Harrelson has arguably never been better.
0.5 Beyond the interesting subjects, Moverman doesn't have a definitive place for his film to go.
0.8 It's hard to believe that an actor of Ben Foster's caliber is just now getting a leading role.
0.9 Yes, you're going to have to look for The Messenger. But the fact it's one of the best American films of 2009 makes that search worthwhile.
0.8 This is a powerful war film that never needs to enter the battlefield for you to be fully absorbed.
0.9 This is the type of original film that should be pulling in the box office numbers. Harrelson and Foster deliver completely natural and raw performances. See this movie now!
0.75 I used to think working at the Salt Lake City Hooters was the worst job in the world. Boy was I wrong. That dubious occupational honor goes to working for the Army's Casualty Notification Service.
0.875 The best war movies don't preach against war: They remind us of the costs for soldiers and families and ask us to consider whether those costs are worth paying.
0.95 The miracle of this film is in its insistence on finding a way back home -- to fragile new beginnings giving way to new friendship, perhaps even new love.
0.75 Co-screenwriter/director Oren Moverman slowly peels back the layers to the characters, with the game cast helping considerably in that regard.
0.8 ...[The Messenger] highlights the gulf between those who have served in Iraq and nearly everyone else they deal with after returning home.
0.875 The Messenger involves difficult subject matter, but it's not hard to watch. It's sad and sobering, but also humorous and touching at turns.
0.8 Because of the nature of its subject matter, 'The Messenger' is emotionally charged, but director Oren Moverman and his able cast prevent it from feeling phony or manipulative.
0.75 Foster and Harrelson have a winning camaraderie as they develop a bond of trust and friendship. Both performances are memorable and deserve year-end awards consideration.
0.75 This film doesn't take political sides -- and it's all the more heartbreaking because of its restraint.
0.875 Individually, none of the mini-dramas in The Messenger would be enough to blow you away. But grouped together, they're so beautifully and specifically written that they make for a convincing picture of the first stages of grief.
0.875 This is a wholly different look at the fallout of the Iraq War and its effect on soldiers and civilians. It is also a gentle portrait of grief, friendship and solace.
0.75 A forcefully acted and peculiar emotional drama...
0.8 The Messenger delivers what it has to say without sensationalism or political posturing. That restraint, along with the quality of the performances, makes it all the more powerful.
0.8 Foster leaves you hoping that Will finds his way home.
0.7 One of the rare movies that communicates honestly and artfully about the real casualties of war: the surviving combatants.
0.625 Don't call it a comeback because Woody Harrelson never went away! This film that will remind everyone how good of an actor he is.
0.875 Some jobs are dirtier than others, and after seeing director and co-writer Oren Moverman's beautifully acted new film The Messenger, you'll be better acquainted with some of the most grueling work a human being can be called upon to perform.
0.75 The Messenger is a privileged glimpse into people's private pain, a drama shot with the simplicity and immediacy of a documentary.
1.0 This is a poignant war movie, but it's also a buddy movie with a difference, one that's both funny and bleak.
0.75 Director Oren Moverman's feature-length debut is a little like The Hurt Locker in the way it uncomfortably probes a little-known military organelle.
0.875 The Messenger knows that even if it tells a tearjerking story, it doesn't have to be a tearjerker. In fact, when a sad story tries too hard, it can be fatal.
0.6 This character piece may be for the arthouse, but the artistry has a gaping wound, large enough to allow credulity to seep out.
0.7 Poignant and insightful.
0.25 A shoddy, shouty bore. A piece of flummery.
0.8 A fine bookend to Katheryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker, showing another side of how the war at home can be just as rigorous as the one abroad.
0.875 Moverman understands the deep, powerful struggle that must accompany such constant grappling with death.
0.6 A somber drama about intimate wartime tragedies, Oren Moverman's debut feels more respectful than real.
0.8 Oren Moverman's sober and satisfying drama shows how the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have created a fissure in American society.
0.85 Messengers with the worst possible message, they nonetheless manage to be human and alive .... In a film that itself bears sad tidings about the costs of war, that is an affirming, even an inspiring, gift.
0.75 The Messenger is a successful examination of the harsh realities of war that too often are put in the back of people's minds.
0.75 Together, under the assured direction of first-time feature filmmaker Oren Moverman, these three actors tell a story that is at once hard-hitting and bizarrely gentle.
0.8 Just don't watch this and The Hurt Locker back to back or you'll need to refill your anti-depressants when you're done.
0.6 It's worth seeing for Foster's performance anyway, and for a brief and excellent one from Steve Buscemi as a mourner.
0.625 For all the film's gritty verisimilitude, The Messenger is not the great Iraq War movie that Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is.
0.8 Intelligent, graceful, and touching filmmaking.
0.875 No quote available.
0.875 The Messenger, showing humanity under siege, opens wounds inflicted by the Iraq War -- not on the battlefield but in the hearts of the families of soldiers who never made it back home.
0.75 What The Messenger has going for it is some sober, straightforward direction from Oren Moverman and a few strong performances.
0.6 As the lonely, complex and friendly Stone, Harrelson evokes the experience of The Messenger as sturdily as a freshly pinned medal of valor.
0.9 This film will be too much for some viewers because of the spot-on antiwar statement but the story is tight and the performances powerful.
0.9 A devastating debut helmed with immense power and control ... Foster, a rising talent whose career brings to mind Edward Norton, is tremendous.
0.75 These largely self-contained vignettes are harrowing, the source of a font of raw emotional release that could never be otherwise captured except through a presumably invasive documentary process.
0.8 Another dark, gloomy drama about home life during wartime, this film features some seriously great performances and a theme that will resonate powerfully with thoughtful audiences.
0.8 Although Hollywood has dealt with the war from various perspectives, Moverman's film offers a new angle that brings the horrors home about the decision to go to war.
0.875 At once enchanting and emboldening...
1.0 It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
1.0 It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
0.875 It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
0.75 Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
1.0 Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
1.0 Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
1.0 Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
0.6 There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
0.8 Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
0.8 Magic.
1.0 Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
1.0 The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
1.0 I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
1.0 Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
0.9 Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
1.0 One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
0.75 The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
0.8 Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
0.75 What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
1.0 The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
0.6 Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
0.375 Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
1.0 The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
0.75 ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
1.0 With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
1.0 As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
1.0 A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
0.9 This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
1.0 Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
1.0 This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
1.0 A dramatic, comic, exciting, suspenseful, joyous, and robustly magical adventure that has the bracing feel of a 3-D movie at times and approaches sensory overload.
1.0 Some of the film's ideas, which are both campy and subtle, may not be kids' stuff, but like all good movies, Disney's enchanting fairy tale operates on many different levels and thus can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages.
1.0 The best of all the Disney cartoons
0.625 Belle is so decidedly positive in every regard, so simplistically shaped to meet the desires of all audience members (both dreamy little girls and feminist objectors), that she ultimately fails as a character
0.375 She falls for a hot-tempered manimal, but is it any coincidence that he showers her with gifts the whole time?
1.0 The artistry of the animators, who combined traditional painting with computer-generated images, stands up to the best that the Disney empire ever produced.
0.9 ...filled with charm, wit, romance, humor, and plenty of songs and music.
0.7 Not quite the masterpiece we once thought.
0.9 Revoke my Cynic Badge if you must, but I say this one comes real close to the Disney Classics of yore. (I said "close!")
1.0 Una obra maestra que los hara reir, llorar, emocionarse y pensar que la vida, aunque solo sea por unos momentos, es maravillosa.
1.0 The finest Disney feature-length animated musical ever made
1.0 Ten years later, it's still flawed and still quite fascinating.
0.9 A nostalgic feast, drawing shamelessly on the best traditions of screen animation and American musical theater and film. Thoroughly derivative but thoroughly charming.
0.8 It's not an especially scary movie, but right from the start, you can tell that this Beauty and the Beast has a beauty of a bite.
1.0 For once, the Disney hyperbole was right--the film is, indeed, a timeless cinema classic.
0.875 Entirely captivating from beginning to end -- INTERVIEW w/Director Kirk Wise.
1.0 It may be a cliche to call a fairy tale enchanting, but no other adjective suffices as the film still has the wit, slapstick, and romance to enrapture children and adults alike.
1.0 This is the only animated film ever nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and you'll see why.
0.7 The new version is amazingly sharp with backgrounds that look like Impressionist paintings.
1.0 Slipped around all my roadblocks and penetrated directly into my strongest childhood memories, in which animation looked more real than live-action features.
1.0 Not only the finest animated movie ever made, but deserves a prominent position on any list of all-time greats.
0.6 A thing of beauty for our kids, something they deserve.
0.75 If you don't have kids, go anyway.
0.985 One of the most essential, potent and haunting documentary war films ever made.
0.56 Ultimately, The Mourning Forest is not so much flawed as it is unable to create a very powerful impression.
1.0 Bresson's stripped-to-the-bone adaptation eschews the traditionally heroic, spectacular, fabulous, and exaltedly romantic aspects of the legendary saga in order to lay bare the confusion and pain within the human soul.
0.5 The style is intact but the content is missing.
1.0 It has a magnificence that creeps out a little at a time, especially over repeated viewings.
1.0 One suspects that Bresson wanted to interpret Arthurian legend in a way that would emphasize its petty emotions and physicalities.
1.0 Having seen Bresson's filmography in full (including this film twice), I'm convinced that Lancelot of the Lake is on par with his very best and most transcendent work.
0.75 Bresson's style may not be for everyone, but one has to respect his strength as an artist.
0.5 Kristen Wiig dazzles in what may be her best performance to date - and what is certainly her trickiest - but the actress is diminished by how unexpectedly rudderless the film feels.
0.7 ...hilariously wacky and touching Welcome to Me, a showcase for what Wiig can do when put front and center.
0.8 It's here that Wiig's wallflower wit finally dovetails with a lead role that has the depth to support it, as the film evolves into an exuberant cross between Synecdoche, New York and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
0.6 Irreverent but somewhat disturbing look at mental illness.
0.75 "Welcome to Me" basically lives and dies by [Wiig's] performance, and, luckily, her Alice Klieg is a carefully and cunningly crafted creation, which exposes an undercurrent of pain and sorrow beneath her often placid, pixilated state.
0.5 Has a few funny moments, but much of this dryly squirmy humor is laced with a pall of deep sadness and concern for a protagonist who is clearly psychologically unstable.
0.6 A frolicsome comedy that gives Kristen Wiig a chance to strut her stuff.
0.25 The movie is nothing more than a labored series of skits that play like ideas from rejected TV pilots.
0.7 There are a number of obvious directions Welcome To Me could take this material, and part of what makes it so refreshing, and insightful, is that it takes none of them.
0.6 There's a super-insane film inside "Welcome to Me," one that, as it happens, takes up about 80 percent of the picture. What's another 20 percent?
0.6 "Welcome to Me" is not just a character study, but a satire on how the self-centered emptiness of TV is a kind of epidemic.
0.5 It all plays more like a long, dark TV comedy sketch than an actual movie.
0.5 Maddeningly indulgent, an "SNL" sketch that goes on and on...
0.75 In the burnt-toast black Sundance comedy, Kristen Wiig goes dark and bipolar without losing her shield of likeability. It's a superpower to be marveled at, like the ability to carry on a long conversation without looking at one's mobile device.
0.875 The film rejects a fawning (or even particularly detailed) account of mental illness in favor of a plunge into the deep end of a bottomless ego.
0.625 ...it's hard to deny that the actress sporadically delivers a far more raw and naked performance than one has come to expect.
0.75 [Wiig] has one of the balliest acting careers out there.
0.55 A grim and depressing movie that's painfully dull, making it hard to recommend it even for fans of Silverman who want to see her stretch her dramatic acting muscles.
0.4 the film cranks up the level of schmaltz to a fever pitch
0.4 Melodramatic and off-putting, this Zac Efron drama is a complete mess.
0.3 [A] ghoulish death comedy.
0.5 It's more of a demo reel for Efron than a movie. His predominant fan base, though, won't mind a bit.
0.4 There's a soft allure at play here, but it's largely overshadowed by a well-worn dialogue, and an often muddled plot.
0.6 Guys certainly shouldn't throw their dignity out of the window to go see it alone, but if their girlfriends are dragging them along, they might just enjoy it a lot more than expected.
0.4 Let's all go play baseball in the park with some ghosts, rather than wasting our time watching this silly, silly film.
0.4 Ttearjerking amalgam of Nicholas Sparks and M Night Shyamalan won't do Zac Efron any favours in his attempts to be taken seriously...
0.4 There's not much on this movie's mind but photogenic healing, and making all the girls go ga-ga at the sight of Efron mewling with grief.
0.6 Cynics will find the film mawkish, but the story-telling is clear and involving.
0.4 What might have been a poignant exploration of the effects of bereavement is hamstrung by rotten twists, redundant action scenes and a few too many publicist-approved shots of Efron staring wistfully into the sunset.
0.6 This movie's a teenage tear-jerker and it does its job very well.
0.2 While the subject matter tends towards morbidity, the film-makers strive to divert us with many dappling sunsets, the blue of Ephron's eyes and a sappy melodrama that even 13-year-old girls might scoff at.
0.4 Shame it's so slow and contradicts its own strained logic, ending up in the same listless limbo as The Time Traveler's Wife and The Lovely Bones.
0.2 Future historians of the financial crisis may point to this movie, not Oliver Stone's Wall Street sequel, as the cultural low point of the business world.
0.4 Efron excels, proving he's leading-man material. But sign-post scoring and drill-'em-home emotional beats weigh things down. Rubbish ending, too.
0.4 More maudlin than subtle, more schmaltzy than emotionally true.
0.4 Another solid performance by Zac Efron is flattened by bombastic filmmaking.
0.6 An adaptation that smooths out the sharp edges of Ben Sherwood's source novel, it's a decent enough vehicle to flaunt Efron's acting chops.
0.4 As the drama increases, so do the clumsy flashbacks and corny lines: this relies on cheap tricks to force tears, even if those tricks work.
0.4 The photography is pretty, but the Ghost-lite script makes even less sense than the silly title.
0.4 It's easy to appreciate what Charlie is trying to accomplish, but it does it in such a cloyingly manipulative manner that it's impossible to get on board with it.
0.6 It's rare teenage audiences get the chance to clock a metaphysical mystery when they could be watching a vampire fight a werewolf for the hand of a sourpuss.
0.4 Frequently tedious, badly written drama that fails to deliver the emotional punch it's aiming for, thanks to a painfully obvious central twist that creates more problems than it resolves.
0.5 ...a sporadically watchable yet pervasively uneven teen-oriented drama that ultimately just doesn't work...
0.4 If you liked Happy Zac in High School Musical, why not try Sad Zac? All the chiselled sex appeal of the original, but now with a gloomy face on top!
0.6 I'm sure that Efron and Steers will eventually come up with their next breakthrough -- either separately or together -- but this certainly isn't it.
0.75 Efron continues to transition gracefully from teen heartthrob to leading man material. He proves his dramatic mettle with an emotionally nuanced performance. The kid can act.
0.5 Some of my fellow critics at a media screening guffawed during the most egregiously syrupy moments, a reaction which paying audiences might well share.
0.6 Has its poignant moments but does not trust them, and does not explore its darker potential. It lays on the sentiment too thickly and underlines the uncanny with a heavy-handed touch.
0.4 If you buy the concept you might enjoy the film, but if you're a hardened cynic you'd better avoid Charlie St. Cloud, despite the very handsome location photography, which is its greatest asset.
0.4 If only Efron's self-conscious attempts to extend his range -- whether it be drinking straight bourbon, punching a guy in the face, or spending the night with a girl -- were not always so unintentionally amusing.
0.6 The film's thickly layered garnishes of Americana -- baseball, fishing, a coastal town that looks like it was designed by Norman Rockwell -- carries shades of Frank Capra and is proficiently directed by Burr Steers.
0.6 Zac Efron continues to prove his worth as a leading man in the appropriately sappy supernatural drama Charlie St. Cloud.
0.75 In order to enjoy this film, you must: 1. Enjoy other fantasy-based movies such as 'Ghost,' 2. Be open-minded about the afterlife, and 3. Be entertained by beautiful landscapes.
0.6 Efron has real star presence and he can act, and the role fits into the dreamboat mode his fans expect.
0.7 Sentimental and ultimately entertaining, aimed at women, I thought I was going to die during the incredibly slow first hour, but it picked up during the last half hour.
0.125 Zac Efron should consider a new agent.
0.4 a middling, inoffensive film, rife with woozy golden sunlight and swelling syrupy music invoked to create the emotions that the film itself fails to ignite
0.5 An inoffensive, worshipfully photographed, yet dramatically stolid interpretation of swelling adolescent feeling that wrings maximum consequence out of Zac Efron's dewy-eyed, pin-up sensitivity.
0.4 The whole movie plays out like the bastard child of a Tiger Beat photo spread and one of Hallmark's drippier greeting cards.
0.4 Less a movie than a Zac Efron photo album - and why did they give the entire plot away in the trailer?
0.5 Efron's acting consists primarily of blank stares into space and reciting boringly ordinary dialogue. The movie's main strengths are the picturesque scenic venue of Vancouver, British Columbia and the crystal clear cinematography.
0.5 In the battle between raw tear-jerking and understatedly convincing performances, neither side wins, but sporadic sparks fly.
0.6 A sweet little film about loss and grieving.
0.25 All this sets us up for a "twist" ending, but if you don't predict it a half-hour before its revelation, you surely must have nodded off during baseball practice.
0.375 The movie has a machine-extruded gloss that makes it harder, not easier, to swallow its difficult emotions.
0.6 The plot may be a stretch, but the raw emotions are not and Efron is up for the task.
0.25 Maudlin and unintentionally hilarious.
0.5 While Efron does his best to carry the film, the rest of Charlie St. Cloud feels a bit too formulaic, pretentious and cloying...
0.4 If Zac Efron hadn't signed on, this sappy spiritual fantasy would certainly have skipped the cineplex altogether -- in favor of eternal rotation on cable.
0.625 It could be a one-note characterization, but Efron finds competing emotions in Charlie, and he conveys all of them to us.
0.5 The movie tries to capture the crushing weight of loss, but between the insipid pop tunes and the repetitive shots cutting away to a lighthouse on a scenic outcropping, it feels more like a film version of a condolence card.
0.3 Despite all the effort, Efron and the mugging Tahan don't strike fire, and their affectionate banter gets old.
0.375 Charlie St. Cloud -- from its awful title to its annoyingly perfect photography -- is a schmaltzy sniffle at best.
0.4 It's a supernatural, spiritual, sentimental sob-story that doesn't quite work.
0.5 Nicholas Sparks-meets-Bruce Joel Rubin...The movie's God talk (most of it coming from...Ray Liotta?) and blatant expression of theme through platitudes make this romantic melodrama as drippy as the St. Cloud boys' eyes.
0.2 Charlie St. Cloud sees dead people. Possibly filing in to watch this movie.
0.875 Zac Efron is so pretty even dead people want to be his friend.
0.625 Steers takes his time and it pays off in Efron's subdued performance, earnest and yearning.
0.75 Charlie St. Cloud is a delicate film - not flimsy, but fragile - that holds together on the strength of Efron's physical presence and performance.
0.5 You are not, in a movie like this, supposed to think too much; you are supposed to be transported beyond skepticism on a wave of pure, tacky feeling. Instead, in this case, you drown in sentimental, ghoulish nonsense.
0.375 Steers and his screenwriters aren't aiming for logic; they're leading up to the next opportunity for Efron to remove his shirt.
0.4 With its assurances that everything happens for a reason and everything will be alright, a potentially haunting story becomes a philosophical one-way street.
0.4 Necessary supporting characters, such as Charlie's mother (Kim Basinger) and his devoted paramedic (Ray Liotta), are clipped almost entirely out of the film, leaving massive gaps in the community atmosphere the script appears interested in developing.
0.7 Zac Efron can act and has a very large emotional arc. The film is both devastating and very uplifting though it does fall on the cheesy side at times.
0.6 Poignant Efron drama too intense for younger fans.
0.3 It's like a friend you're not that fond of sobbing sloppily on your shoulder.
0.3515 A hackneyed, disjointed, painfully corny and contrived drama that can't be saved by breathtaking scenery or Zac Efron's charming performance. It's best suited as a Lifetime TV movie-of-the-week.
0.625 Charlie St. Cloud will be a dream come true for the Nicholas Sparks crowd (especially considering that it is more honest and certainly smarter than recent legitimate adaptations Dear John and The Last Song).
0.4 A touching and heartfelt examination of -- OMG!!! Zac just took his shirt off!!!
0.5 The good news is that Efron continues to get better with each film; he just hasn't gotten a role yet that will finally put his acting potential to the test.
0.5 An over-sentimental effort that incorporates love, drama, bereavement, comedy, seagoing adventure and mystical uplift...
0.5 Zac Efron will probably break out of the heartthrob mold eventually, but Charlie St. Cloud is not going to be the one to do it for him.
0.2 A melodramatic and hopelessly disorganized feature-length episode of "The Ghost Whisperer" that trots out an exhausted "Sixth Sense" escape clause after painting itself into one too many narrative corners.
0.5 It's a ludicrous blend of melodrama and supernatural elements, and the results suggest what might happen if sappy author Nicholas Sparks and twisty filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan ever joined forces.
0.375 He is noble. He is virtuous. He is often wet.
0.4 Efron does a serviceable job in this young-adult drama that blends elements of fantasy, romance, and weepies into a package that is unconventional despite its relative predictability.
0.25 Some bad movies should carry a leper's bell to warn off ticket buyers. Such a contagion is Charlie St. Cloud, a load of mawkish swill starring Zac Efron.
0.375 The story's icky, frankly.
0.5 Even at his lowest points Charlie appears ready to audition for a skin-care or Calvin Klein commercial.
0.5 The characters and their supernatural love triangle are developed with a businesslike efficiency that makes it almost impossible to invest in them emotionally.
0.5 The movie's central gimmick isn't enough, and when more supernatural twists that don't play by the movie's own fantasy rules kick in, it lost me.
0.5 Zac Efron is going places as an actor of value. But he deserves better movies than Charlie St. Cloud.
0.4 Shallow homilies ultimately dominate, but there's a deeper movie trying to get out from behind the greeting card.
0.375 The schmaltzy spawn of The Sixth Sense.
0.6 A fine little fable of business world mores that has the gross misfortune to turn into a horror film at a time when nobody quite knew what horror was.
0.875 Mike Nichols' underrated 1994 hybrid not only of wolf and man, but also of satire and horror...an eccentric film that may well be regarded, decades hence, as a movie classic. [Blu-ray]
0.6 With the always edgy, slightly demonic, and predictably unpredictable Jack Nicholson as the wolf man, it actually works . . . almost.
0.8 Worth it to see Nicholson the wolf in fang-to-fang battle.
0.8 Up until the rote ending, an elegant and witty take on the werewolf story.
0.8 On the surface a literate werewolf thriller, the subtext of Mike Nichols' Wolf is a sharp critique about what it takes to succeed in the cutthroat corporate world.
0.4 Plenty of Howl, Little Bite
0.4 Cerebral werewolf yarn that just doesn't work.
0.4 Never succeeds in recreating the classics.
0.6 'Jack Nicholson as a lycanthrope' is an interesting pitch, and it makes for a decent enough film.
0.6 A different approach to the werewolf saga, aided by Nicholson's bizarre performance
0.79 It is movies like Wolf that reinvigorate the movie fan lurking inside us all, showing us that commercial and artistic success can truly coexist in modern cinema.
0.75 An excellent movie directed by Mike Nichols.
0.4 Nichols tries mightily to put a new spin on a very old tale, but try as he might, he never gets much off the ground.
0.6 Nicholson as a werewolf is kind of redundant, isn't it?
0.625 Monster movies are supposed to frighten the audience; this one fails utterly in that arena.
0.75 Most of the way, Wolf is quite satisfying, and Nicholson is in top form.
0.75 It's a wonderfully entertaining and beautifully performed film.
0.75 An effective attempt to place a werewolf story in an incongruous setting, with the closely observed details of that setting used to make the story seem more believable.
0.3 The Promise is an over-wrought and laughably goofy film, an empty and pale imitation of the far better films that have gone on before it.
0.7 Faustian bargain with a goddess. Huge armies march. Men out-race the wind. Assassins make devious plots. Spectacular scenes generated largely in computers.
0.25 A queer camp classic.
0.75 A fairy tale for adults that allows the viewer to inhabit an entirely different world, and in doing so, becomes an exercise of the imagination.
0.5 Beautiful but slight.
0.4 An epic fantasy that tries to outdo Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon but doesn't touch us emotionally.
0.375 Chen Kaige may seriously think he's creating film art in his empty Promise, but he's best at slinging bull, lots of them.
0.75 if you can plant your tongue in your cheek and accept the exuberant goofiness of the special effects, "The Promise" actually turns out to be a decently entertaining slash-and-kick flick.
0.5 Just about everything is choppy.
0.4 This isn't nearly as good as it claims to be.
0.625 The finale [is] literally a deus ex machina, which will thrill classic-lit majors but leave everyone else feel cheated.
0.5 Flimsy, fake-looking weaponry, bad wigs, grandiose scoring, overacting, simplistic dialogue, illogically elaborate staging, and a plot that goes out of its way to be predictable...
0.625 Chen's tale of mythic chivalry is filled with beautifully designed sets, lovingly detailed costumes and elaborate martial-arts sequences. Unfortunately, it also sports amateurish digital effects that often mar the beauty of this world.
0.625 With The Promise Chen Kaige has proven enough of a professional that he can make the product. But he remains too much of an artist not to scribble on his signature.
0.5 Chen's strength seems to be more with character-driven stories; here's hoping that his next film returns to more comfortable ground.
0.25 Laden with a plot that could generously be called silly or, less forgivingly, stupid, it never achieves lift-off despite numerous scenes of warriors doing battle in midair.
0.5 Everyone is a maximal design statement plugged into volatile action and pretty scenery, but it might be the deluxe origami folding of a silk diaper, its myth-telling so primal as to seem childish.
0.7 It's another intriguing entry in the sometimes wacky, often wonderful world of kung-fu fantasy.
0.5 It's a colorful, kaleidoscopic film, but it's also far too obvious that the actors are standing in front of green screens.
0.5 Gorgeous costumes, elaborate fights and the illusion of swooning romance don't amount to very much if you don't care about any of the characters for a single second.
0.75 Simply in terms of its visual poetry, the exhilarating effects of image upon image of dazzling impossibility, The Promise is not to be missed.
0.75 [The film elicits] the wide-eyed joy of seeing hundreds of soldiers ride through sets of colossal extravagance. And the sweet release of, briefly, suspending all holds on reality or even logic -- and surrendering to the joys of a fairy tale.
0.125 The Promise employs laughable computer effects and second-rate martial-arts fighting to tell the hard-to-figure story of a princess and her three lovers.
0.625 There's a studied artificiality and painterliness about the backgrounds that works nicely with a story that's about as far from realism as you can get. For many that will be enough. For the rest of us, The Promise slowly slides into an exercise.
0.625 Overwrought and hokey.
0.6 Fish gotta fly, birds gotta swim, and arthouse directors gotta try their hands at mega-budget action films.
0.625 As is evident by the film's strong start and faltering finale, the trouble with any promise is failing to keep it.
0.75 In the midst of such unrelenting splendour, it's easy to nod gratefully -- and then to nod off.
0.5 Much of The Promise resembles a Cirque du Soleil extravaganza, which makes it tough to take seriously.
0.5 Perhaps the least-satisfying of the many martial-arts/costume dramas that have followed in the wake of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
0.625 It's impossible not to be bowled over by the magnificent costumes, the atmospheric otherworldly sets and the lush cinematography. The tragic, nearly operatic love isn't nearly as impressive.
0.625 Oddly, The Promise -- which takes place hundreds, even thousands, of years ago, when art directors ruled the earth -- is flagrantly otherworldly but in a way that somehow weighs the picture down.
0.5 [Chen Kaige] reaches for big ideas about destiny and free will, but those remain philosophical abstractions. (And by the end, the film contradicts itself.)
0.4 One can only hope that Chen takes this as a learning experience and returns to the kind of artistry with which he first forged his very deserved reputation.
0.5 It suggests that talented Chinese directors are being led astray by the seductions of CGI and wirework fantasies.
0.375 A mess of a movie.
0.625 In this era of obsessive and globally connected cult cinema fans, it's foolish to give the movie's core target audience an excuse to skip the theatrical experience for the more 'authentic' home edition available uncut on import DVD.
0.0 It is such a catastrophic failure that it is amazing to consider it was ever allowed out of China and into the global cinemas.
0.625 It's not exactly high art, nor is it zippy fun, but it definitely has something, a lack of pretentiousness perhaps?
0.4 barely delivers the goods necessary for the genre
0.6 Fans of newer Asian martial-arts movies will be satisfied with The Promise, especially because it contains the aerial wirework and swordplay expected of such movies. But the film is not as accomplished as the work of Ang Lee or Yimou Zhang.
0.5 The Promise is far too convoluted, jarringly shifting from fantasy to comedy to tragic romance to war epic without warning, never settling in one place.
0.6 A lavish spectacle somewhere between grand opera and cartoon about a love triangle involving a general, a slave and a cursed princess.
0.375 The producers should have allocated part of their huge budget for a couple of script polishes.
0.375 A princess with a curse, a case of mistaken identity and some of the worst special effects in a film by a world-class director.
0.5 The over-the-top acting is forgivable, but the plot's incoherence is not.
0.375 Chen Kaige's fall from cinematic grace is writ large across his latest epic film, the failed martial-arts romantic drama The Promise.
0.25 The Promise has gorgeous visuals (in these movies, the cherry trees are always in bloom). But it's marred by stuttery storytelling and cruddy special effects.
0.5 A messy fairy tale that speaks to tainted ambition and destiny.
0.625 That Chen is able to somewhat collect himself and the film toward the end just highlights how potentially great the film could have been.
0.9 It's a knockout that works on many levels.
0.7 Using mostly amateur performers and improvised dialogue, Mr. Silver has created a profoundly awkward riff on dysfunction that's uneventful but not unrewarding.
0.75 Nathan Silver's film is a quiet and affecting micro-budgeted drama, its condensed frame evoking the claustrophobic feeling of the household it examines.
0.6 Action-packed classic adventure has drinking, smoking.
0.8 Tremendously important Bergman, even it it doesn't have the instant cachet of his more famous and direct movies.
0.875 Both a rebuke to critics and a confession of charlatanism, The Magician puts forward a one-of-a-kind examination of the problem of truth in life and in art. [Blu-ray]
0.75 reflects Bergman's fundamental understanding of the cinema as an illusionistic play of light and shadow that can nonetheless reveal some of the deepest recesses of the human experience
0.75 The movie has elements of Gothic horror and philosophy, along with lusty, low comedy rolls.
0.9 THe Magician is still fascinating, presenting a myriad of challenging ideas about magic, reality, and the nature of film itself.
1.0 Seldom has a director encountered so many frustrations and obstacles, and turned those obstructions into inspirations, integrating them into his vision.
1.0 A Shakespeare movie that lives and breathes like few others.
0.8 Welles genius behind the camera brings one of the Bard's darkest plays to life.
1.0 Othello has been filmed numerous times, but never with such extraordinary visual grace and power.
0.875 The text of the original play has been slashed to its bare bones, with bravura cinematography and editing also helping make this a taut, visceral experience.
0.5 There are flashes of brilliant suggestion in this tumbled, slurred, and helter-skelter film. But they add up to nothing substantial -- just a little Shakespeare and a lot of Welles.
0.8 Noir drama without the usual suspects...dark, macabre and delightfully done.
1.0 Welles gives the Shakespeare classic a visceral punch that's often missing from theatrical adaptations.
0.75 Any film student who hasn't seen this film has not completed his education. And for the rest of us, this Othello is a fascinating film with moments of great power.
0.75 From its opening shots, where the camera looks down on a solemn funeral procession, Othello exhibits Welles' flair for dramatic compositions.
0.875 Garbo is stunning.
0.6 Not Garbo's greatest but it has a curious charm.
0.7 A glamourous and romantic conception of the latter days of the life of the Dutch dancer and courtesan who was shot as a spy by the French in 1917.
0.6 Infernal Affairs III reveals the desperate lengths men will go to protect their covers and to survive the internal agonies of fear, stress and lack of trust.
0.5 It seemingly exists to buff its predecessors' rough spots but only tarnishes their memories.
1.0 One of the best scary movies ever made, one of the best scary movies even imaginable.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 The first time I saw Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, I had to turn it off during three key moments... Perhaps this time, I prayed, [it] would seem almost comically silly. Yeah, not so much.
0.875 ...above all a movie about spaces, and how few things are more frightening than not knowing which way to go.
1.0 Strange and deeply creepy.
1.0 The technique is as overpowering as Nicholson's performance, which is both hammy and deeply disturbing.
0.6 Kubrick's compositions and Jack Nicholson going kill-crazy with an axe remain hard to beat on the big screen.
1.0 Re-cut or not, The Shining remains one of the most viscerally disturbing films ever made.
1.0 Deeply scary and strange.
1.0 Essential viewing. Prepare to be disturbed.
1.0 Its artful ambiguities are immersive. Check in.
0.8 Kubrick doesn't dumb it down or anything, but he's not actively trying to appeal only to film connoisseurs either. If any of his movies could be called mainstream, it's this one.
1.0 The Shining is an intense and not always ingratiating experience, a natural bookend to 2001...
0.75 As a ghost story and adaptation of the Stephen King novel, it's largely a failure. On the other hand, as an example of directorial bravura and as a study of madness and the unreliable narrator, it's a brilliant success.
1.0 The Shining met the fate of several other Stanley Kubrick films when it came out; most viewers did not like it, so they rejected it. Most importantly, they did not understand it in any way which allowed them to deal with it constructively.
1.0 It's the experience more so than the actual content of The Shining that radiates cold, anti-humanly indifferent terror.
1.0 Ostensibly a haunted house story, it manages to traverse a complex world of incipient madness, spectral murder and supernatural visions... and also makes you jump.
1.0 The movie is not about ghosts but about madness and the energies it sets loose in an isolated situation primed to magnify them.
1.0 With remarkable visual panache and a keen sense of irony, Stanley Kubrick rehabilitates Stephen King's trashy, terrifying novel.
1.0 Kubrick's use of space and the eerie steadycam have never been put to better use.
1.0 Kubrick's spellbinding 1980 horror epic is one of the true masterpieces to come out of the genre. And Nicholson's descent into unbridled insanity is simply unforgettable.
0.625 "Here's Johnny!" ... Kubrick's grandiose Jack-in-a-box shocker is a fright, but it's hardly up to his earlier brilliance.
1.0 Regardless of how you read the film, there's little denying that it's a masterful work.
0.8 An immortal classic.
0.4 One of Kubrick's most severely overcooked, overdetermined projects; Duvall fascinates, but the rest bores and wearies.
1.0 Among a handful of the scariest movies ever made.
1.0 The beauty of Kubrick's film is the ambiguity of it all . . . will leave the gears turning long after the credits stop.
0.875 Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film.
0.4 The trappings are brilliant, but Kubrick ultimately loses the essence of the source material - and he's too good to expect anything less.
0.8 Among that rare class of adaptations: it is as good as or better than the source material.
0.9 A mysterious, haunting, visual experience.
0.8 Boy will it chill your blood.
0.8 By the second hour all hell breaks loose, and in the last few minutes it's sheer terror.
1.0 A deliberately paced, but endlessly creepy, horrifying motion picture.
0.9 Strays from the source material, but still a creepy classic.
1.0 Kubrick's showcase of abilities, both with the camera and his characters, are incomparably haunting.
0.7 Not Kubrick's greatest work (let's be honest: entire sections of this film make no sense at all), but hey, it's creepy as hell.
0.9 Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright.
0.875 One of the scariest films I've ever seen. And I'm not easily scared.
0.75 There's plenty of fun and entertainment to be had from Guy Ritchie's take on the character for both fans of Doyle's work and for those just getting to know Holmes and Watson.
0.7 The plot races and roars through a deliciously grungy combination of real sets and CGI for all sorts of big-action scenes in and around turn-of-the-century London.
0.6 Proof that Guy Richie can still make good films, though it's not without flaws.
0.8 Purists can, and certainly will, spend much time arguing how much is true to the material and how much was changed but the rest won't, and shouldn't care. The fact is, Sherlock Holmes is just down right entertaining.
0.7 Ultimately, it achieves what it sets out to do: to entertain.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes has something for everybody; an accessible film is exactly what Guy Ritchie's been looking for.
0.8 In a year in which actioners featured robots with arthritis and sinking ice, Sherlock Holmes might as well be considered a work of genius.
0.6 Le film de Guy Ritchie livre la marchandise, meme s'il semble souvent pris entre deux epoques...
0.6 Elementary, My dear readers. But not in a nice way.
0.64 Ritchie doesn't disappoint, and, if you go in with modest expectations, neither does Sherlock Holmes.
0.75 Like Ritchie's best films, this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy, entertaining romp.
0.6 It's entertaining, but it's also a bit goofy -- Holmes here is a Victorian 007.
0.75 The whole movie is kind of old-fashioned but also kind of modern at the same time, and I think that contrast is a big part of its appeal.
0.6 A character known for his supreme intelligence should not be trapped in such a dumbed-down plot.
0.85 Guy Ritchie's noisy steampunk mauling of Arthur Conan Doyle's character is great galloping fun if ultimately slighter and less nervy than we might have hoped. Still, Robert Downey Jr. is great fun to watch and Jude Law has a clue.
0.75 Sherlock Holmes is neither a cookie-cutter blockbuster nor insulting to the source material.
0.7 What Ritchie and Downey do is embroider and magnify the traits Conan Doyle had already given the characters.
0.625 Ritchie mounts some impressively exciting action sequences, then bathes everything in dingy browns and grays to achieve an unappealing Victorian griminess.
0.6 Mas que un relato detectivesco (la trama "policial" es lo menos convincente e interesante de la pelicula) se trata de una entretenidisima comedia en la que Sherlock Holmes y John Watson son algo asi como Starsky y Hutch en el Londres victoriano.
0.3 A loud, stupid film.
0.375 ...a sporadically amusing yet thoroughly tedious misfire of nigh disastrous proportions.
0.5 Hollywoody-ish-ist Sherlock ever. Downey Jr. and Law are magical though...
0.7 Fortunately, the film doesn't need to rely on its supporting cast too much, because its two leads are absolutely fantastic in their respective roles.
0.5 The film called "Sherlock Holmes" that has been raking in the money at the box office this Christmas season does not really exist at all. It's an illusion. A Jedi Mind Trick.
0.9 With his reckless attitude, Downey Jr may not be the refined Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's conjuring, but this feisty reimagining is strikingly impressive and cements Downey's standing as one of the best actors in Hollywood.
0.6 Ja era hora do ocupante da Baker Street 221B voltar a dar as caras nas telonas a fim de ser apresentado a uma nova geracao -- algo que o cineasta Guy Ritchie faz de maneira divertida e relativamente eficiente.
0.625 Elementary, my dear -- as in, that's what Ritchie's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle's iconic detective ends up being.
0.4 ... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation, jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff.
0.7 Guy Ritchie hit the big time with this flick but there is too much of the gangs of London and too little of the rumpled professor in the character of the famous detective.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is never less than entertaining throughout however, and the marvellous chemistry between the leads practically demands a sequel.
0.6 Essentially, this is Lethal Weapon in ye olde worlde London, which will surely have the purists up in arms, but as buddy flicks go, it's a welcome twist. And certainly Ritchie's best film since Lock, Stock...
0.6 This Sherlock Holmes refuses to take himself seriously. Brilliant, because it allows to RDJ and Ritchie to let rip with their non-traditionalist revamp. Not so great because super-sleuthing loses out to bone-crunching. Either way, the brio is infectious.
0.6 The views of Victorian London are just as seductive as Downey Jr, who exudes an aura of troubled genius, though that's all the information you're likely to retain, as there's rarely a moment to think between all the fights and explosions.
0.6 There is clear chemistry between the leads and watching them bicker is the film's strongest appeal.
0.8 Raucous, rough energy infuses this film from start to finish, carrying us along even when the slightly over-egged script starts to feel somewhat slender. And it's the terrific chemistry between Downey and Law that makes the film worth seeing.
0.6 A visually flashy festive crowd pleaser anchored by Robert Downey Jnr's inherent likeability and on-screen chemistry with Jude Law.
0.4 This balance of brain and brawn skews too far in the wrong direction, with a few too many mindless action sequences overcompensating for the shortcomings of a tedious story.
0.5 Worst of all, this Sherlock Holmes isn't fun.
0.2 No, the problem isn't that the movie makes the Holmes character more of an action hero than Doyle ever intended. It's that it sticks Holmes and Watson into one of the dumbest, most boring stories imaginable.
0.75 while it is tempting to see Downey's portrayal and Ritchie's amped-up aesthetic approach to the material as revisionism for an attention-addled generation, in many ways it is closer in spirit and tone to Doyle's eccentric character
0.5 More indebted to Ritchie's particular brand of stylistically exhausting action-adventure than to Conan Doyle's elegant prose and intensely intellectual anti-hero.
0.7 For the most part, quirky British filmmaker Guy Ritchie has managed to take the character out of mothballs without desecrating Conan Doyle's original vision.
1.0 Make no mistake, Sherlock Holmes is every inch a Guy Ritchie picture -- only it's a Guy Ritchie picture about Sherlock Holmes.
0.76 The film does what it sets out to do, re-establish Holmes as a cinematic hero worth knowing and watching.
0.625 While a fish rots from its head down, a film suffers from the screenplay up -- which is where Sherlock Homes stinks.
0.5 Strahovi da %u0107e Ritchiejev tretman slavnog detektiva predstavljati jo%u0161 jedno holivudsko silovanje kulturne ba%u0161tine uglavnom nisu bili opravdani
0.6 Purists may bemoan its modern slant but those just looking for action and thrills will be entertained
0.7 Downey continues his hot streak of performances %u2014 which by itself is worth the price of admission %u2014 and there's a lot to love about this big screen interpretation of Holmes. Case closed.
0.9 Sherlock Holmes is a solid, enjoyable film with a fun score, a great use of sound and environment, and a trio of confederates you will want to know more of.
0.7 Downey's a joy but, personally, I'll take more Arthur Conan Doyle and less Guy Ritchie.
0.8 A first-rate action adventure movie that provides a near perfect example of how to redress an aging genre franchise for a new audience.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is back. I wish I could say this is the thrill ride of the season. But it's just--a ride of the season.
0.625 Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination, director Guy Ritchie's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare.
0.875 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary sleuth gets a cinematic adrenaline shot for this wildly entertaining and action-packed mystery.
0.75 It's all knotted together, then unraveled with brio, by Holmes and Watson. There are fisticuffs galore, fiery combustion aplenty, and, yes, my dear reader, clever deduction.
0.75 Downey never winks -- hea(TM)s too much of a pro for that -- but like the man hea(TM)s playing, hea(TM)s much, much smarter than the movie hea(TM)s in.
0.3 The title of this picture should be changed immediately to "Robert Downey Jr."
0.75 This latest Holmes -- frequently stripped down to suspenders and pantaloons, the better for bareknuckle brawling -- may displease Arthur Conan Doyle purists but should find favor with audiences eager for a fun, witty action movie.
0.6 [Downey's] more masculine interpretation of the character is never anything less than startling, fresh, and altogether entertaining.
0.75 The delight of Downey and Law in combination proves you don't have to feature a great villain or a complete story if you've got two super heroes.
0.7 Sherlock Holmes is certainly entertaining but the Jerry Bruckheimer-type action is too constant, and I didn't feel a consistent flow in the movie.
0.7 Instead of relying of high-tech gadgetry and big-budget Hollywood CGI, Guy Ritchie's gritty Sherlock Holmes does what major films often don't: delivers big-payoff action sequences merely utilizing the body and mind.
0.7 If you can get past the hyperactivity of the film, you should have a good time.
0.8 Playing literature's greatest detective as a sort of self-loathing action hero, Downey has an absolute blast. And thanks to his performance in Sherlock Holmes, so do we.
0.7 To make Holmes palatable to technology addicted, everything's gotta-go-fast moviegoers throw Indiana Jones and Harry Potter themes at the screen and see what sticks.
0.7 Downey Jr. puts a perfect spin on the character in Guy Ritchie's comeback film which contains the greatest slow-motion explosion scene I have ever seen.
0.525 A visually stylish rush of adrenaline with an amusing, engaging performance by Robert Downey, Jr., but there's too much nauseating action and not enough palpable excitement while the mystery itself lacks intrigue and suspense.
1.0 Fueled by director Guy Ritchie's fast-paced action and Robert Downey Jr.'s uncanny skill at inventing his own unique spin on his characters, Sherlock Holmes thoroughly entertains from beginning to end.
0.7 The purists may cringe but those willing to accept this as simply another in a long line of reinterpretations of the Holmes and Watson stories will find much to enjoy,
0.875 Retains the spirit and a surprising number of details from the original source material. A sequel seems elementary.
0.5 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is 'Brokeback Mountain' without the sex and depth of emotion.
0.7 Dazzling visuals and hipster dialogue, but a story that stays true to the original source material.
0.6 Gritty, action-packed take on famous sleuth's adventures.
0.75 The people who made Did You Hear About The Morgans? probably wish they cast Downey and Law instead of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker
0.5 A brutal jackhammer of a movie that's more Jerry Bruckheimer than Sherlock Holmes.
0.8 Holmes and Watson are reinvented as action-movie stars in this infectiously entertaining, rollicking good yarn.
0.25 Dour, slow, and with little to stimulate the mind or the emotions, Sherlock Holmes is a big bust.
0.75 It's one of the more fun, big-budgeted, big-studio films to come around of late.
0.75 In Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. cracks 'The Case of the Perfect Actor.'
0.75 This is a swashbuckling, pratfalling romp designed to make cerebral Holmes purists drop their monocles into their teacups.
0.8 Though purists may balk at Arthur Conan Doyle's literary world being manhandled into a blockbuster by never-subtle director Guy Ritchie, Downey has a winning take on Holmes: He's always on.
0.375 At times, Ritchie and company try so hard to make sure this isn't your father's Sherlock Holmes that it comes across as, well, cartoonish.
1.0 This is rip-roaring action-adventure of high order, a sometimes dizzying but ultimately thrilling display of showmanship on the part of the actors, director and screenwriters.
0.75 Robert Downey Jr. makes a perfect Sherlock Holmes.
0.4 It seems that an evil aristocrat, executed for a series of murders, returns from the dead to mobilize an ancient secret society that he may have time-traveled into a Dan Brown novel to learn about. Doesn't that sound fascinating? I thought not.
0.5 The game is not afoot.
0.5 Guy Ritchie is the worst screenwriter in the world, but, to be fair, he is not the worst director. He is only the worst director of the people who actually get to make movies.
0.875 I enjoyed the hell out of Sherlock Holmes.
0.45 As the new and implausible Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. again lends his eccentric charms and complexly freighted persona to a role that doesn't deserve them.
0.625 As the title character, Downey, Jr. shines...
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a noisy, brutish film that, while forgettable, is at least an entertaining romp.
0.6 Downey Jr. and Law are so good, they make up for the weak mystery.
0.5 Downey, playing the cerebral Holmes as a cleanliness-impaired action hero, and Jude Law, as Dr. Watson, make one yearn fondly for Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
0.8 Rollicking, irreverent, and yet true to the spirit, if not the letter, of the Holmsian canon, this is a version of Holmes that finds the perfect balance between cerebral and spectacle
0.9 If you want to finish 2009 with a fun, entertaining movie %u2013 go see Sherlock Holmes.
0.6 There's a mystery at the heart of Sherlock Holmes and it's not the one the great master of detection has been called on to solve. It's how a film that has so many good things going for it has turned out to be solid but not spectacular.
0.25 Charmless and shapeless, larded down with nonsensical action scenes, witless repartee and a "plot" stitched together by a committee of writers who've watched "The Da Vinci Code" too many times.
0.8 exhilarating
0.625 Pop culture's most enduring sleuth gets a welcome, modernized makeover in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes.
0.625 It's good enough to just sit back and enjoy Downey and Law plays Holmes and Watson as Victorian versions of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
0.625 Yes, this Holmes is leaner and meaner, and Watson (Jude Law) is nearly his equal. But there's still something fussy about the result, as if bobbies had broken up the party at 11:59.
0.75 Put away your period-movie expectations and you just might have a lot of fun. What makes this movie work is actually something very old-fashioned: movie-star chemistry.
0.2 Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary bloodhound of justice given a less than awesome makeover.
0.8 ...just a single casting decision away from being another brilliant update. Instead, it's just a wonderful, if flawed, entertainment.
0.6 Stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
0.5 Guy Ritchie's Holmes reboot feels both too complicated and too elementary, dear Watson.
0.625 Guy Ritchie's frenzied, over-long "reimagining" of the much-adapted Conan Doyle character isn't quite the blasphemy you'd think, thanks to a solid cast and Robert Downey Jr's inherent likability as the title.
0.75 The less I thought about Sherlock Holmes, the more I liked Sherlock Holmes.
0.5 ...didn't entirely click for me, yet there is something to be said for the fact that I'm not dreading the inevitable sequel.
0.375 Who the deuce decided to filter Sherlock Holmes through Batman & Robin?
0.8 A yarn that at times feels like a throwback to the mega-actioners of the '80s, when leads could get away with being incorrigible cards as long as they had someone by their side to keep them grounded.
0.625 Old London, achieved via superb visual effects, is breathtaking in its grimy verisimilitude. And Downey is charming. But his world is jarringly frenetic, in the manner of most Ritchie films.
0.6 It's a pretty darn good time, and easily the best movie Ritchie's made in years.
0.5 The whole film doesn't feel so much like Holmes as a strange and unwanted sequel to Will Smith's Wild Wild West.
0.875 Ritchie's accomplished the feat of resurrecting his career as a pulp stylist (London's Tarantino--you could be called worse)...
0.6 "Sherlock Holmes" may feel a little too modern, more adrenaline than brain-power, more brash than British, but it's an all right action-pleasure if you don't mind that the game's more a-fist than afoot.
0.7 It's not that I would call Sherlock Holmes 'smart,' as I don't think it ever truly is, but rather 'not stupid.'
0.625 This is not your great grandfather's Sherlock Holmes.
0.9 Masterfully crafted by Guy Ritchie, this refreshing take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuth is a great vehicle for Downey to create another distinctively eccentric character.
0.7 Ritchie's new school take on an old school icon is respectful without being overly reverential, loud and fun without becoming dumb and hollow, talky but never slow.
0.75 Full of new revelations about the old British sleuth whose exploits were based on the great Encyclopedia Brown.
0.6 Watching [the] tough, sarcastic Holmes chase the many carrots the film dangles for him is the chief pleasure in this crafty tangle of little clues and tightly wound action.
0.8 This Sherlock Holmes combines dark arts and action, wit and tongue-in-cheek mirth, to feel like a great film adaptation of a comic book version of Holmes.
0.375 This spazzy, sour project is to every previous Holmes picture as the Stephen Sommers Mummy pictures are to the great 1932 creeper The Mummy.
0.5 Not even Sherlock Holmes could make much sense out of the overplotted, murky mess that is Sherlock Holmes, although Arthur Conan Doyle's legendarily brainy detective would probably never buy a ticket to a movie as elephant-footed as this one...
0.625 Given a worthy story, Downey's Holmes might have been memorable. Here, he's an interesting character in search of a worthwhile story.
0.9 a ripping good time at the movies
0.75 The good news is that Ritchie, even as he packs in the explosions and last-minute rescues for the schoolkids, doesn't ignore the shank meat of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's concept -- the esprit enjoyed by Holmes and Dr. Watson as thinking Englishmen.
0.5 Ritchie is all about the whooshing and headbanging, leaving no space between Holmes' words to savor their meaning. Downey is irresistible. The movie, not so much.
0.7 This 21st century re-imagining of Scotland Yard's supersleuth is less Arthur Conan Doyle and more Guy Ritchie. It's elementary that some "game's afoot."
0.6 A fun, action-packed reintroduction to Conan Doyle's classic characters. Part Two should provide more in the way of scope.
0.8 Guy Ritchie combines his kinetic direction with the limitless charms of Downey Jr and Jude Law to come up with terrific entertainment that's equal parts brains and brawn.
0.8 For with time running out on 2009, it's wonderful that one of the old year's last gifts should be a reminder of the superb possibilities of blockbuster cinema.
0.6 Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes is a riot. The director takes on a British institution with a swagger and a wink and the result is boisterous and unabashed fun.
0.4 [Guy Ritchie] has managed to steal hours of precious time belonging to cinemagoers everywhere for his latest silly escapade.
0.6 At two-hours plus, it goes on a bit but Ritchie appears in his element working from someone else's script and Downey Jr brings real verve to role previously known for its starch and conformity.
0.4 The plot is frequently incomprehensible, and Rachel McAdams's poorly photographed femme fatale could be edited out of the picture without making much difference. Most of the time, I hadn't a clue what she was doing, and she didn't seem to either.
0.8 The movie is alive with cinematic magic, played out in an expertly-recreated capital full of grime, grubbiness and occasional grandeur.
0.2 The script here is a pretext for fatuous action pyrotechnics, misfiring comedy, the inevitable star from Central Crumpet Casting and CG jiggery-pokery evoking Ye Olde London. In short: Doc, Sh'lock and Every Scraped Barrel.
0.6 Sherlock Holmes is a surprisingly enjoyable action / adventure romp that deserves the sequel it's obviously hoping for.
0.6 The film is Ritchie's most coherent bit of storytelling. The tone is light but not facetious and the pace would be hectic if there weren't so many humdrum lacunae.
0.6 Ritchie's 'Sherlock Holmes' is effective as a caricatured comedy adventure and shows some fidelity to Arthur Conan Doyle, especially in Downey Jr's portrayal of the eccentric but cold-hearted Holmes.
0.8 Ritchie, Downey Jr and Law have done just about as good a job at reimagining the great sleuth for the modern audiences as one could have hoped.
0.4 It's a hollow attempt at modernisation, and quickly grows dull. Watson's big dilemma - whether to quit his life with Holmes for marriage to lovely Mary has, at heart, all the depth of a Wham! song.
0.6 The film never recovers the head of steam from the opening ... but the Holmes-Watson duo fizzes to the end. On this showing, they deserve another case.
0.6 The pace rarely slackens throughout, the set pieces are explosive, the score relentlessly thunderous. Victorian London is recreated - relying on copious use of computer effects - with an eye for the grimy reality.
1.0 Brisk and brainy reworking of the legendary detective's mythos makes the delightful Robert Downey Jr. into a rumpled, complicated and alternately swashbuckling and pratfalling Holmes for our time.
0.78 At last, Guy Ritchie has found the perfect vessel for his sugar-rush, hyper-kinetic style of filmmaking.
0.6 Extremely violent Elvis-based robbery for 17+ only.
0.25 The Tarantino effect is very much in evidence in this trashy, senseless, and excessively violent actioner about a casino heist that goes uproariously awry.
0.5 ...an incoherent jumble of images...
0.8 Russell and Costner deliver up some of the most amusing portrayals of their careers as casino-robbing Elvis impersonators
0.0 Curse-a-my soul This movie couldn't be worse The prints should be delivered from the back of a Hearse
0.125 It insulted my intelligence, yes, but I still have some hope for the human race after watching it.
0.35 An exciting, action-packed heist sadly followed up by stupid con games and bad relationships.
0.625 While it does contain many action film clich&eacute;s, it also has some quirky characters who give it some charm.
0.4 You WERE expecting helicopters, weren't you?
0.2 I felt like I was there for 3000 hours.
0.375 Wouldn't have a clue about human kindness or romantic passion if they launched up and bit it in the nose.
0.25 It is, in every conceivable instance, over-baked and under-conceived.
0.45 It's not funny, brutally violent, packed with despicable characters and utterly meaningless.
0.4 There is such a thing as too much. And 3KMTG is much too much.
0.3 A grimy, ultra-violent, long and stupidly plotted Quentin Tarantino wanna-be.
0.2 The picture feels longer than Presley's career and as irrelevant as he was by the end.
0.125 It should be banned from theaters on the grounds that anyone unwittingly seeing it is being subjected to cruel and unusual punishment.
0.375 A sour and mean-spirited enterprise so desperate to please, it tries to be a yukky comedy and a hard-boiled action picture at the same time.
0.7 Fairly entertaining.
0.6 There are some plot holes that appear to have been set up to be resolved but just got left hanging when it was recut.
0.3 The smirking dialogue plays especially poorly in juxtaposition with the excessive violence.
0.625 One of the bloodiest and mind-bogglingly dumb action-adventures since the heyday of Steven Seagal.
0.15 Nonsense from its first frame to its last, stupid beyond even the conventions of its genre, it begs the question of responsibility.
0.1 A film that takes a shot at redefining shameless for a new generation.
0.7 The funnest movie that I've seen so far this year!
0.25 It really is true how when you make a copy of a copy of a copy, the most recent one doesn't pack the most quality.
0.4 The actors do what they can with a script that never should have made it across their agents' desks.
0.375 As flat as the Nevada desert where it is set.
0.7 A good ride.
0.3 Graceland even manages to make bad action films look good.
0.5 Yet another mindless, derivative, headache- producing assortment of senseless brutality and unconvincing romance.
0.5 Remains an uneasy, uncomfortable balance between a comedic romp and something remarkably darker.
0.375 Lichtenstein apparently thought quirks such as the sight of Paul 'Having My Baby' Anka firing a rifle would be enough to keep a viewer entertained.
0.6 This is the mercurial nature of cinema. With good casting, decent writing and a light directorial touch where others might go for full-frontal schmaltz, almost any scenario can win you over.
0.6 An engrossing documentary about a compassionate doctor trying to make a difference in Afghanistan which has the second highest maternal and infant mortality rates in the world.
0.8 Generally effective spy thriller with interesting cast
0.625 A peculiar and oddly haunting achievement.
0.5 Bizarre, unpredictable yet strangely alluring.
0.5 The fear is comical; the loathing almost nonexistent.
0.8 Certainly uneven at times, but Terry Gilliam's surreal mood piece paints a vivid, splashy picture of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson.
0.9 A beautiful cinematic showcase for Thompson at the peak of his writing skills.
0.75 It may start off as a lighthearted, excess-filled, party-road-trip movie, but Depp is reigned in a little towards the end as his character (a stand-in for Thompson) poetically bemoans the sad failure of the late-60s ideals and values.
0.87 ...he first hour of the film is as successful as anything I've ever seen or read at conveying how the world looks to the drugged.
1.0 Years from now, it will be reappraised as a misunderstood masterpiece. Well, this is one American critic who's not waiting until years from now.
0.5 Unlike Trainspotting, Fear and Loathing doesn't shock or fascinate. It simply disgusts and repels.
0.61 If Gilliam was intending to create a film that would disgust, disorient and eventually irritate, then this one's a bona-fide masterpiece - but don't expect me to sit through it ever again.
0.625 ...has an incongruous, stream-of-consciousness tang that requires just the right mood to enjoy.
1.0 Fellini's movies work on this level, reveling in their carnival atmosphere while at the same time critiquing them.
0.5 While entertaining early on, these drug-induced trips become increasingly repetitive as the story progresses.
1.0 We get a ringside seat for how meaningless and cruel the real world is.
0.625 It's not pretty, but it's no accident either.
0.875 This is one awesome flick, often hilarious and always visually stunning.
0.5 It's really a series of sketches on one theme.
0.5 Depp takes what starts as an almost unwatchably bad movie and manages to make it kind of fascinating.
1.0 A triumph of direction over plot, imagination over treatment, and conception over realism.
0.7 The movie is clearly intriguing in ways it may not have intended.
0.625 The film doesn't have a strong point, but it tells it vividly and with an intense visual flair.
0.6 Visually incredible and blessed with great performances from Depp and Del Toro, this is destined for cult classic status - but the plot and symbolism are less impressive.
0.6 What the movie lacks in plot it makes up for in irony.
0.7 This movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour, rather than substance or plot.
0.8 They set out to do a straight adaptation of the book, and they did--and go figure, it worked.
0.5 The movie is really just one scene after other, giving the impression that each tableau could form the basis of a separate narrative, but the images just do not gel as segments of a 128-minute work.
0.0 This movie inspires no fear in me, but loathing? Yes. Oh yes.
0.125 This big-screen adaptation of the 1971 cult classic is a sure candidate for many worst ten film lists.
0.6 It's a scattershot rendering of a scattershot story told with scattershot effectiveness.
0.875 One of the most faithful film adaptations not only in terms of substance, but also style.
0.25 If you encountered characters like this on an elevator, you'd push a button and get off at the next floor. Here the elevator is trapped between floors for 128 minutes.
0.5 Darn funny, but those moments of seemingly-inspired humor are more than offset by the rest of the movie, which is nearly unwatchable.
1.0 A brilliant exploration of the challenges facing homosexuals in other parts of the developed world.
0.7 Intense intimate look beyond tragic premise of Romeo & Romeo across Israel/Palestine wall. . . Suspense thrillingly builds to options the lovers have [for] romantic optimism.
0.75 It's one of the most powerful films about the Arab-Israeli conflict that has ever been attempted on the screen.
0.75 "Out in the Dark" isn't a political film by any stretch, but the intrigue and prejudices of the Arab-Israeli conflict certainly fuel the romance and thrills of this entertaining, taut movie.
0.625 By the end, Nimr and Roy have become heavy-handed symbols for the ongoing clash of ideologies in the Middle East. "Out in the Dark" fared better when it treated them as people.
0.7 Even though the plot defies credibility at several points, "Out in the Dark" is gripping, and Nimr's tearful exile from his family breaks your heart.
0.7 Ratchets up the tension on its appealing lead characters in believable, heartfelt ways while spinning out an edgy tale fueled by do-or-die sociopolitical intrigue. It's unique, powerful stuff.
0.5 Instead of looking for depth or verisimilar romance, director Michael Mayer turns his characters into mere cogs in a pseudo-suspenseful thriller.
0.4 About 45 minutes in, the film's uneasy detente between subtlety and movie machinery fails outright ...
0.7 Though it's rather clumsily scripted, formulaic in structure and sometimes contrived, Out In The Dark is strengthened by its subtext and elevated by tender, affecting performances from the leads.
0.4 Borders on the boring.
0.6 [Conveys] a palpable mood of claustrophobia, which gives the desire of the characters to escape abroad a convincing emotional resonance
0.6 There's romance and tragedy, but little depth and no nuance.
0.6 An intimate and affecting drama that slowly turns suspenseful, but the second act lacks focus and the chemistry between the two main actors just isn't strong enough.
0.8 By turns dynamic, dangerous and bursting with passion, Out In The Dark is a stark, swoonsome romantic drama.
0.8 An intimate and immersive drama.
0.6 A sometimes over-simplified but often affecting look at forbidden love.
0.7 Sociologically, the film is fascinating; dramatically, it is a borderline disaster.
0.3 Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.
0.4 Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings.
0.3 Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door.
0.4 A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens.
0.125 An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks.
0.4 Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head.
0.4 The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating.
0.2 Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists.
0.4 Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s.
0.2 Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks.
0.2 "This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant.
0.2 Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.
0.4 seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters
0.2 Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon.
0.0 The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify.
0.5 Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.
0.375 As if one Duff wasn't enough for us.
0.25 I liked it better with Brittany Murphy.
0.2 The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy.
0.0 It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts.
0.0 The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin.
0.0 The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic.
0.4 finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful.
0.125 You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck.
0.32 This is indeed one dumb film.
0.25 Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through.
0.375 A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements.
0.5 Light but listless.
0.625 There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun.
0.0 Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above.
0.5 Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable.
0.125 The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.'
0.3 As a film that sets out to poke fun at the LA, St Tropez tan, famous for being famous, stupid small dogs lifestyle, its far too candy-coated and lacks bite, while the comic timing is off.
0.2 Is Anjelica Huston in need of work? Is that why she's in this piece of crap?
0.2 Certainly doesn't bode well for either Duff Sister if this is the best script coming their way.
0.5 Though by no means an unbearable watch, A Promise is almost as much an exercise in patience for its viewers as it is for Friedrich and Lotte.
0.4 The main drawbacks are the grey decorousness of the pacing and visuals, and Richard Madden's unsympathetically flat playing as antihero Fritz.
0.6 Nonetheless, at its best, it has some of the same qualities as Ophuls' [Letter from an Unknown Woman].
0.6 When a French filmmaker travels to Belgium to film a German story in English, it's hardly surprising that the resulting movie feels somewhat awkward.
0.4 The lack of chemistry between Madden and Hall drains the film of energy and their unrequited longing is often unintentionally amusing.
0.2 If you only watch one Stefan Zweig-inspired film this year, watch The Grand Budapest Hotel. If you watch two, see The Grand Budapest Hotel twice. Awful.
0.4 A particularly languid, slow-burning period drama.
0.2 After a while, I didn't know where to look. Anywhere but at the screen.
0.4 It's a curiously flat affair, the passage of time never really evoked and - with the exception of a wheezing Rickman - the acting lacks any dramatic, let alone romantic, spark.
0.4 This film simply isn't very good!
0.2 Perhaps the added strains of working in a foreign language was its downfall - this is Leconte's first film to be made in English - although you wonder if the result could have been any worse if he'd been directing in Tongan.
0.6 Inoffensive as living room wallpaper, though that's hardly a recommendation.
0.4 Despite decent performances, a promising dramatic set-up leads to little of real interest.
0.4 Gabriel Yared's score works hard to rouse emotion but when the most exciting scene involves a rat, the erotic frisson clearly isn't happening.
0.4 The actors are smoothly professional and the production feels polished. But it's hard to recommend a romance without passion, no matter how pretty it looks.
0.5 Patrice Leconte struggles to find a coherent rhythm, a problem exacerbated by a hurried running time that compresses some of the novella's more interesting socio-political nuances.
0.7 Falling is at once a character study times five and something of a generational snapshot.
0.75 Charging Albert's film with looking too much like an American chick flick is to give it short shrift.
0.5 Barbara Albert, the director-writer of the Austrian soaper Falling, probably never thought to call her film One Wedding and a Funeral, but it would have been an appropriate title.
0.5 Fallen is about listlessness in the face of personal and global turmoil and about gesturing toward a political stance.
0.333333333333 Part feel-bad cinema and part female-bonding session, Barbara Albert's Big Chill-ish melodrama gathers together five former schoolmates who meet up again at a professor's funeral.
0.5 Meanders forward with little apparent direction and virtually no interesting drama.
0.8 Altogether this Enterprise picture rolls up a round-by-round triumph on points until it comes through with a climactic knockout that hits the all-time high in throat-catching fight films.
0.9 The fight film to which all others are compared.
0.4 While you can admire the filmmaker for his unconventional means of expressing himself, without any sense of linearity, or character development, it becomes impossible to invest in this picture.
0.8 It's a giant montage; a rhapsody and an elegy, cinema as prayer.
0.2 The result is ludicrous self-parody - somewhere between a Calvin Klein aftershave advertisement and a coffee-table book about the modernist mansions of the rich and famous.
0.5 With vacant eyes and mouth agape, man continues his seemingly irrevocable fall from innocence, in Terrence Malick's eternally juvenile seventh feature Knight of Cups.
0.4 Like Tree of Life, it's best to let the film wash over you and enjoy Lubezki's gorgeous images such as mist rolling over a hillside and various inventive underwater perspectives.
0.4 For every pinch of poetry, there are kilos of joyless, uninspired prose.
0.5 Jay Jonroy, who wrote and directed David & Layla, has come up with some potentially funny material that doesn't quite work.
0.625 The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic cliches is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy's cross-culture love story, which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding.
0.625 My Big Fat Muslim Wedding!
0.625 Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy's comedy, and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new (along with a feast of great-looking food) is being brought to the table.
0.3 David and Layla is proof, if proof be needed, that good intentions just aren't enough.
0.375 David and Layla isn't going to solve any problems -- it's got way too many of its own.
0.4 Rather than a real drama about these things, David & Layla plays like '70s-era sitcom.
0.625 Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about: finding the good in those different from you. It's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all.
0.375 The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended, but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment.
0.5 There is nothing poetic about it.
0.6 Though it's no Romeo and Juliet, David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message.
0.5 In his investigation of the legend that Jesus survived crucifixion, married Mary Magdalene and fathered children who married French royalty, British director Bruce Burgess claims to present new evidence--including the mummified body of Mary Magdalene.
0.375 Tedious.
0.3 Daft documentary [is] both exhausting and exasperating.
0.25 If you're a conspiracy buff who believes The Da Vinci Code, and who wants further proof that Jesus was just a man, then have I got a flick for you.
0.625 As purportedly nonfictional cinema, Bloodline poses an implicit dilemma to viewers and critics: How do we know if what we're watching is real?
0.7 Taking up where "The Da Vinci Code" left off, this enthralling documentary inflames the imagination and pushes the envelope of controversy.
0.5 The sensationalistic documentary Bloodline explores the supposition that there exists a lineage traceable to Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
0.5 Here lies hoax and charlatanism, but if Burgess' discovery turns into a proven revelation, his documentary should turn into a runaway hit and my rating turns Fresh!
0.6 The type of work that is easy to admire but difficult to like
0.8 Packed with cultural references and sly satire, this is also a hugely entertaining comic romp.
0.8 Utterly charming.
1.0 A beautiful and touching story.
1.0 From this beginning, aided by the beautiful, luminous black-and-white cinematography of Soumendru Roy, Ray contrives an extraordinary world, at once Arcadian and yet possessed of utter, unforced naturalness and reality.
1.0 Inventive, prophetic black comedy; lots of violence, mayhem.
1.0 Brazil is this unique amalgamation of ideas straight out of Terry Gilliam's head that results in something so strange and so unique that it's just genius with a conclusion that is undeniably haunting.
0.9 An energetically quirky social metaphor, political commentary and action/sci-fi farce all balled up into one outrageously enjoyable experience, provided you like the work of Terry Gilliam.
1.0 Gilliam crams the screen with such a proliferation of bizarre and comic details that you'll want to revisit this particular nightmare again and again.
0.75 Brazil is a stinging, Strangelovian satire of the power of the bureaucracy in an Orwellian landscape.
1.0 Brazil serves up one of the most breathtakingly imaginative worlds ever to be put on screen.
0.875 Brazil -- a black comedy that remains ahead of its time -- is one of the most audacious fantasies ever made.
0.85 Gilliam's Orwellian vision is memorable and distinctive
1.0 Brilliant all around; Gilliam at his peak
0.8 Celebrates imagination as the only escape from a bleak, ridiculous, and troubled world.
1.0 It has visual style and imagination to burn, but it's the ideas behind it that make it a modern classic..
1.0 An intelligent, thought provoking, visually stunning film.
1.0 Dense, complex, nightmarish, thought-provoking and ultimately shattering.
1.0 An imaginitive and haunting post-Orwellian reimagining of 1984.
0.8 A superb example of the power of comedy to underscore serious ideas, even solemn ones.
1.0 The most original movie of the past thirty years; a triumph not only of brilliant filmmaking, but of the director's desire to stay true to his vision.
0.9 This film is considered Terry Gilliam's masterwork. I am inclined to agree.
1.0 One of the greatest films of the century.
0.5 Very hard to follow.
0.79 Brazil succeeds in painting an entertaining and chaotic picture of a nasty world where none of us would want to live.
1.0 Not in everybody's taste, but why risk missing one of the most brilliant science fiction movies ever made?
0.625 Although the good outweighs the bad, the film is, nevertheless, one big muddle.
1.0 Contains some of the most clever lines ever.
0.75 So many reasons to see the darkly hopeful Canadian film Falling Angels -- a terrific unknown cast showcased in subtle close-ups, and a quirky literary script largely free of cliche.
0.625 It's the attention to small details that makes the characters so believable, especially in the way Smith delivers their sentiments: in quiet, personal moments.
0.25 What offends most is the patina of smugness that seeps through every frame.
0.2 There's little intelligence or realism evident on screen.
0.75 ...surprisingly moving and emotional.
0.6 Falling Angels may be rough at times but it has so much going for it, from content to performance, that it demands to be seen, appreciated and talked about.
0.2 By the time the plot (if you can call it that) went off the deep end ... I had already stopped caring.
0.4 Never once does the film feel sharp on black identity (as did Bill Gunn's original), and the terror is theoretical only.
0.4 Thought-provoking but slow "vampire" movie from Spike Lee.
0.6 The film's execution doesn't serve its subject matter, making it feel more like an affected thesis than an effective work of art.
0.3 A curio that will likely only appeal to Spike Lee's most devoted fans - or those that contributed to the Kickstarter campaign that financed it.
0.3 It's clear Lee has some inexplicable love for the source material but he doesn't give us any reason to feel the same way.
0.75 The film is a hypnotically nightmarish mood piece more than anything else; it makes sense and yet doesn't make sense, in the way that dreams do and don't make sense.
0.7 Unrepentant, uneven and unique, "Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" proves that Lee can still make a film worthy of the arguments it will most certainly start.
0.375 ...less eerily disorienting than disjointed.
0.4 A strange brew that mixes an addiction for blood and the cross of Jesus in a wandering story that turns sour
0.5 Lee's remake offers an irritating pace, contains no likable characters, and its scorchy, sexually explicit scenes lack the teasing titillation associated with the exploitation cinema [of the 1970s].
0.5 This isn't just a tribute to Gunn but a commentary on independent filmmaking today, though watching it without knowing its source material might feel like listening to one end of a conversation.
0.6 With no one breathing down Lee's neck, it's free to zoom all over the place - from seriousness to high comedy to weird comedy to quietly anxious set pieces.
0.625 If you're going to do a remake of a movie you've got to ask yourself one question: Why? And hard as you look at the screen here, it's difficult to see Lee's answer.
0.8 "Sweet Blood" is idiosyncratic and sultry, simultaneously nodding to film conventions and striding boldly down its own path.
0.625 An interesting study in mashing up race and class stereotypes, though the film's rambling plot may leave your brain feeling a little mashed, too.
0.6 Spike Lee's low budget Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a film about redemption that also needs its sins to be forgiven, despite some fascinating parallels.
0.4 Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus is the best kind of failure, impassioned and singular, but it's a failure all the same.
0.25 What would Jesus do, Spike? Repent!
0.875 A dizzying hall-of-mirrors stunt, a horror remake as autobiographical X-ray, and a work of fantasy that serves as a decadently cleansing creative exorcism.
0.4 Given free rein by his fans' money, Lee has made a movie that's both uncompromising and often inexplicable.
0.875 Hamer brings his visual wit to lives of Norwegian precision
0.8 The film may sound slight, but its charm is immeasurable.
0.875 ...a special little film that's well worth seeking out.
1.0 Essential viewing.
1.0 The film establishes a kinetic documentary effect, making the impact of every shoot-out and explosion a deeply personal experience.
0.875 Partially because of its documentary style, used so effectively by director Gillo Pontecorvo, it never gets heavy-handed -- exploring the idea of violence as a necessary evil for freedom.
1.0 One of the essential works of world cinema.
1.0 A riveting reconstruction of the struggle for independence in mid-50s Algiers, its pseudo-documentary style still feels as headline-fresh as its content.
1.0 Gillo Pontecorvo's epic of revolutionary fervour has dimmed not an iota since it was first released in 1966.
1.0 Forty years on, the film's lost not a fraction of its power.
1.0 Whatever they made of The Battle of Algiers at the Pentagon, this is a must-see for everyone else now.
1.0 Brilliantly directed set-pieces and remarkable thronging crowd scenes make the film a masterpiece; the ominous familiarity of its subject makes it a must-see.
1.0 The most important piece of political filmmaking since Battleship Potemkin.
1.0 what really resonates on watching Algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war
0.8 While it's clear that the movie is very much a stacked deck, which invariably takes the Algerian side, the bias doesn't lessen the film's lesson.
1.0 What lessons a modern viewer can gain from the film depends on who is watching and what they want to see.
0.5 This film has received a lot of praise from critics, but not that many people will find this that entertaining.
1.0 What makes this Charlotte Film Society entry remarkable is that the Italian director sympathizes with both sides.
1.0 The film's explosive power transcends the headlines.
0.875 The painful, desperate film, a re-enactment of Algerian revolutionaries' efforts to break free from French rule, is a practical textbook on how not to run an occupation.
1.0 An extraordinary movie that ruffled many feathers when it first came out. Almost 40 years later, it retains the poignancy it delivered back then.
0.7 A fascinating movie in its own right, more relevant because of today's world situation.
1.0 A chilling cinematic history lesson.
0.875 The film's ruminations about the meaning of terrorism and efforts to deal with it really resonate in the post-9/11 world. That makes this already-tense film all the more chilling and all the more memorable.
0.875 As something similar happens to our soldiers in Iraq, it's a piece of blood-chilling horror every time we see this story from today's news repeated in a 38-year-old movie.
0.875 It remains a surprisingly instructive and cautionary lesson in the way that populist movements can burn parent states down to their grass roots.
0.875 The Battle of Algiers still resonates today, and probably always will
1.0 Pontecorvo essentially established the cinematic language that we recognize in recent dramas based on actual events, from Bloody Sunday to Black Hawk Down.
0.875 Still powerful and upsetting because of its unpolished immediacy ... and because the movie declines to judge the terrorists' actions.
1.0 Gripping and technically dazzling documentary-style drama.
1.0 Perhaps the finest political film of the 1960s.
1.0 Magnificent moviemaking.
1.0 It remains one of the greatest depictions of the mutually dehumanizing nature of war ever made.
1.0 The chafing, mutually uncomprehending collision of Western occupiers and Muslim occupied has never been captured with such dispassionate, thrilling clarity.
1.0 Few movies have done such an eloquent, evenhanded job of defining the conflict between colonialists and natives determined to free themselves from foreign rule.
0.75 The director's real achievement is not in making a piece of agitprop but in using these fundamental tools of cinema in such an extraordinarily affecting way.
1.0 A startling and still-potent view of the double standard of war.
0.75 This lesson in modern warfare is not only instructive to the Pentagon's military but is of considerable value to any generation's fascination with law, order, anarchic behavior and classic story-telling technique.
0.8 a lesson in modern warfare
1.0 The 'smell of truth' that Pontecorvo said he was after in this film has never left it, and likely never will.
1.0 Like all masterpieces, it speaks to later ages as powerfully and intelligently as to its own.
1.0 A timelessly powerful film.
1.0 Vital and disquieting, this is a powerful depiction of the pity of war. As shocking today as it was on the day of its release.
1.0 It looks beyond any question to be an original documentary film, put together from newsreel footage, complemented by staged dramatic scenes.
0.4 If the story had stuck to its guns as a political thriller, it would have been fantastic. However, the sideline story of a codependent lover made things screech to a halt.
0.86 Makes you wish the makers - and especially the funders - of today's overblown big budget thrillers could be made to learn from some of the finer thrillers of the 1970s.
0.7 for complete nonsense, it's really quite entertaining
0.875 Pollack excels by establishing an interesting situation, sustaining it, and--in keeping with the paranoid-thriller genre--resolving it on a pleasingly ambiguous note. [Blu-ray]
0.7 The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns.
0.75 ...an efficient exercise in Watergate-era paranoia.
0.875 This taut espionage thriller gained greater plausibility during its shooting when a sudden raft of sensational post-Watergate news items began coming out of Washington regarding illegal wiretaps, surveillance, and killings motivated by [politics].
0.6 Stylish and absorbing espionage thriller
0.8 Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable.
0.875 Three Days of the Condor is a well-made thriller, tense and involving, and the scary thing, in these months after Watergate, is that it's all too believable.
0.8 Excellent paranoid thriller with an unforgettable opening
0.8 At its best moments, Three Days of the Condor creates without effort or editorializing that sense of isolation -- that far remove from reality -- within which super-government agencies can operate with such heedless immunity.
1.0 Redford, Dunaway, Von Sydow, Cliff Robertson and John Houseman turn in superb work, and the film is as pure a thriller as one could hope for, with a gripping premise, hurtling plot and a marvelous air of menace.
0.8 First-rate spy flick made by and with experts
0.6 Fine espionage thriller that features great performances by Redford and Dunaway. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.
0.625 fascinating cultural artifact in its reflection of post-Nixonian government paranoia, but it doesn't make the most of its potential
0.6 Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller.
0.6 anatomises a moment in time when smalltown idiocy suffers the most surreally awful repercussions of cause and effect.
0.8 Enjoyable, smartly directed comedy thriller with a clever script and engaging performances from its ensemble cast.
0.6 Fast and fairly engaging ... but in the end it feels a bit pointless.
0.6 can be viewed more like an exercise in style than film in its own right
0.8 a classic a shaggy dog story [that keeps] things moving with an effervescent sleight of hand.
0.75 An inventive, black comedy.
0.75 ...gimmicky but ultimately enjoyable...
0.8 Appealingly silly romp for kids and adults.
0.75 A modern-day comedy in the grand tradition of the best screwball comedies of the late 1930s and early 40s.
0.6 Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy.
0.7 A delightful annoying-person comedy made even more amusing by the fact that Murray and Dreyfuss couldn't stand one another in real life.
0.6 Dreyfuss e Murray estabelecem uma boa dinamica nesta comedia irregular, mas agradavel.
0.8 Quirky, wild comedy doings with Bill Murray over the top.
0.8 Boomers being really charming and funny.
0.6 Pleasant comedy with droll Murray
0.8 Except for the last half hour, one of the best comedies of the 90's.
0.5 Somehow, Mr. Dreyfuss maintains his sound comic timing even when Frank Oz's antic direction calls for hand-waving hysteria.
0.4 Annoying movie that wastes a talented cast.
0.8 Billy Murray gives an inspired performance. This is a comedy that often makes you simultaneously laugh and wince.
0.8 One of the most snicker-worthy movies ever made. Great, great fun for the demented.
0.2 If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance.
0.6 This is an amiable comedy if there ever was one. That's no criticism: if all innocuous comedies were as satisfying as What About Bob? you wouldn't always feels the need for some subversive humor.
0.75 There's no question that the engaging performances of Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss manage to breathe a great deal of life into the proceedings, and before it starts to run out of steam toward the end, the film provides an awful lot of laughs.
0.375 ...a time-capsule curiosity that's long-since lost whatever relevance it once had.
0.75 Blood sprays, limbs fall, bodies are chopped in half -- business as usual in this moderately diverting feudal Japanese revenge story, enlivened by peculiar plot twists and offbeat cinematic flourishes that greatly influenced Quentin Tarantino.
0.8 Mandatory viewing for all KILL BILL fans. Meiko Kaji is a heartstopping beauty with big, expressive eyes that are suitably haunted-looking for the character she portrays.
0.5 Familiar, soapy script.
0.8 Wise, beautifully acted and well-observed.
0.2 If anything positive can be gained from Devil's Knot, it's that hopefully it will lead new viewers to the magnificent experiences that await them by watching the superior Paradise Lost trilogy and the conclusive West of Memphis
0.6 It doesn't quite gel as either a proper whodunnit, an insight into a killer's mind, a debate about lyrics in heavy metal music or a gripping legal case.
0.7 In its way, this is the most terrifying horror movie I've seen in a long time; the woods where the kids die are like something out of Evil Dead. I was left angry and wrung out.
0.4 This blandly made dramastisation by Atom Egoyan is an extremely average courtroom piece that, despite strong work by Reece Witherspoon and Colin Firth, feels like a 1970s telemovie.
0.4 It compares most unfavourably with the recent Prisoners, which told an entirely fictional story about missing children with far more intrigue, suspense and cinematic skill than Egoyan's muted effort.
0.6 It is really down to Egoyan's cast to find a way to connect with the viewer on a personal level. Thankfully, one and all are more than up to the task.
0.4 It's a pity to see [director Atom] Egoyan fumbling around here, unable to create anything great with the material - be it mood, drama or social critique. It's far from his best work.
0.6 I actually did think there were some powerful scenes early on in the film and I do think Reese Witherspoon and Colin Firth are really fine in it.
0.5 With a rather stilted and unfocused aesthetic, this tale of bias and bungling covers the same sad ground that documentary WEST OF MEMPHIS did so very well. Reese Witherspoon works hard but she and Colin Firth are wasted.
0.5 In literary adaptations such as Felicia's Journey and The Sweet Hereafter, Egoyan has shown that he can depict darkness and explore loss. But here, he feels mired in stereotypes, or dependent on images that documentaries have already created.
0.4 Egoyan listlessly retraces the trial's tragic course but uncovers nothing new about human nature in the belaboured process.
0.4 Haunting artistry aside, it's hard to see what Egoyan brings to the table that hasn't already been covered in print (Mara Leveritt's book provides source material), on screen and elsewhere in the media.
0.4 Dramatisation or reconstruction? Devil's Knot fails on both fronts given its inadequate and dissonant treatment of real events...
0.4 It is a strangely unsatisfactory affair that doesn't quite work either as a documentary-style reconstruction, a brooding thriller or a courtroom drama.
0.4 Approaches the tragedy suffered by six families and turns it into a vanilla drama that, if weren't for the big-name cast, would look more at home as a Channel 5 matinee.
0.4 Why has Egoyan made this unsatisfactory, ultimately dismaying film, when this awful story has been so thoroughly treated already elsewhere?
0.6 Devil's Knot feels incomplete, the script ending long before the subsequent appeals and revelations that continued to grab headlines.
0.4 Maybe it needed a director like David Fincher to capture the deep, dark dread of what happened but in the hands of Atom Egoyan it barely scratches the surface and feels in bad taste.
0.4 [Takes] the perfunctory shape of an afternoon TV movie.
0.6 Where some directors might have let the religious overtones induce feverish lapses into Southern Gothic, Egoyan wisely plays it as a straight procedural-cum-courtroom drama.
0.4 The whole thing is ill-scripted, ill-directed and, worst of all, superfluous.
0.6 It's absorbing, sometimes upsetting, but finally self-thwarting.
0.4 Takes a long time to tell us nothing we didn't know ... A missed opportunity.
0.6 Egoyan fails to offer much fresh insight in this well-intentioned but oddly uninvolving film.
0.5 Lacks tension, focus and -- most damaging -- seems entirely unnecessary and redundant in the wake of the four documentary features that not only exhaustively examined the case but altered the lives of everyone involved in it.
0.5 doesn't have enough of a unique take on the overly familiar material to elevate it from the documentaries that covered the story so much better
0.53 A serviceable, straightforward work that embraces posed and expeditious dramatic signifiers rather than plunging more daringly into the mouth of madness.
0.5 You'll have little patience with this fact-based indie, especially if you're a fan of HBO's 'True Detective' series, which also deals with ritualistic slayings. The difference? A little something called edge.
0.3 Comes across as a cinematic, slightly dramatized Cliffs Notes edition a story that's been told often.
0.4 The rest is pure director-for-hire bland, even if the material would seem to cry out for [Atom Egoyan's] signature brand.
0.4 Misguided, melodramatic and ultimately pointless, Devil's Knot pales in comparison to the fine documentaries that have already scrutinized the West Memphis Three case.
0.4 There are four definitive movies about the West Memphis Three. The Devil's Knot is not one of them.
0.4 A feature film treatment at this point seems opportunistic at best.
0.4 Stale, flat, and completely underwhelming.
0.5 Straightforward and emotionally flat, not the treatment this tragic and outrageous story deserves
0.625 There are too many major characters and too many points of emphasis. As elegantly directed as it sometimes is, it feels disjointed, scattered.
0.5 A rather dull docudrama that doesn't have a strong reason to exist, outside of perhaps a financial one.
0.5 An exhaustively researched - and, quite frankly, very exhausting - adaptation of journalist Mara Leveritt's book.
0.375 The finished product plays as if it was thrown together by people whose research consisted of skimming over the West Memphis Three's Wikipedia entry.
0.6 Well made but redundant.
0.625 A nimble filmmaker, Egoyan wisely underplays the exploitative aspects of the story and never loses sight of the tragic deaths.
0.375 It's as preachy as "The Crucible," with the score permanently set on "mournful."
0.25 A wan gloss on a horrific nightmare.
0.4 There just doesn't seem to be much of a reason for this film to exist. It literally says nothing new and what it does say is poorly executed.
0.25 Coming soon to Lifetime.
0.75 A worthy, if more general, recounting of the West Memphis Three case. Excellent performances from Colin Firth and Reese Witherspoon.
0.75 Mr. Egoyan's fascination and research don't really shed any new light on the case. Don't let that deter you.
0.2 It's unclear what the director, Atom Egoyan, intended to do here. The film has no personality or authorship. There is no arc or drama, only scenes lined up one after another.
0.5 With Devil's Knot, Egoyan doesn't make this material his own, so much as he halfheartedly restages what a few good documentarians have already shot. Anyone could've made this movie. Too many already have.
0.375 Atom Egoyan is a much better director when he drops the art-film fanciness and wrestles directly with his inner voyeuristic weirdo.
0.625 While Devil's Knot is restrained and respectful, it also feels earnest and cautious, and too much like a movie of the week to capture the sprawling complexity of the real events.
0.375 If you don't know anything about the case, Devil's Knot is too shallow to do it much justice; if you do know about the case, Devil's Knot is too aimless to offer any new perspective.
0.5 Atom Egoyan's cool gaze fails to fully serve the boiling narrative of Devil's Knot, a story that seems destined to forever elude a satisfactory resolution.
0.625 ...one can't help but walk into the film knowing most of the major details of this now-notorious case...
0.3 Manages to turn a thoroughly gripping true story into an absolutely pedestrian, very dull film.
0.2 It reduces a complex and extraordinary case to soap. It makes you care less, for all its heavy-breathing and cheapo coaxing.
0.48 What value is there in telling this story now, and in this way?"
0.9 Swinton approaches Julia with an all-or-nothing attitude, creating an ungodly eccentric character and evoking an impressive array of audience emotions.
0.75 Tilda Swinton's strong central performance saves an otherwise routine drug drama.
0.2 One should hope Tilda Swinton has a good dental plan - it will come in handy when the time comes to pry out the scenery she aggressively chomps.
0.75 In Erick Zonca's tense and juicy noir, Tilda Swinton plays the title role with a crusty panache matched only by her matted, flaming-red thatch of hair (a character in its own right).
0.8 Tilda Swinton is electrifying in this riveting, knock-your-socks-off crime thriller that is just about as intense as movies get.
0.875 Charles Bukowski would have loved this foul-mouthed, fiery, reckless woman. Against all odds and common sense, you will, too.
0.75 In a sense, it goes to all the places a sensitive character study might have gone, but more dramatically, convincingly and vividly.
1.0 A nerve-wracking thriller with a twisty plot and startling realism.
0.7 Swinton is mesmerising as a messed-up drunk.
0.7 a tonally-consistent, lively thriller that is very much of the filmmaker's own little corner of the world
0.6 This is not really sure what it wants to be, an out-an-out thriller or a character portrait, but it exels at both in parts.
0.5 Boasts an electrifying, brave performance by Tilda Swinton and has a thrilling initial half, but eventually becomes tedious and convoluted while lacking plausibility and insight into the titular character.
0.9 Zonca's Julia is a difficult movie to stomach, but entirely worth the emotional unrest it puts through you.
0.4 We never get a good look at her demons, just the havoc they wreak.
0.375 Picture Fargo played with no sense of comedy, and you'll get some idea of the absurdity of this drunken floozy, clicking and wobbling on high heels, often with bits of her anatomy hanging out, trying to pull off the perfect crime.
0.75 Like any beautiful, heartbreaking wreck -- we can never take our eyes off Julia. Or the fierce and uncompromising actress bringing her to awful, astonishing life.
0.2 A bungled thriller that starts out badly and never recovers.
0.6 Ms. Swinton doesn't have Ms. Rowlands' tenderness, but, damn, she has just about everything else you need or want.
0.7 [Tilda Swinton] is on screen for nearly every second of this two-and-a-quarter-hour-plus film and it's a startling star turn indeed.
0.7 Will be remembered for the unforgettable performance by Swinton that drives this inventive thriller.
0.875 Zonca's story is an unruly beast, lurching this way and that like a biker hopped up on mescaline and paint thinner, its unpredictable rowdiness in sync with its out-of-control protagonist.
0.6 Swinton's character may be unsympathetic but the actress imbues her with a humanity that is engaging.
0.84 Julia is at once a marvel of screen acting, an unthinkably black comedy, and one of the few truly nail-biting suspense films to emerge this decade.
0.5 It's the slow burn of Swinton's idiosyncratic but engrossing interpretation of this unlikely heroine that holds the movie together and provides an end result that is both affecting and teasingly different.
0.4 Zonca has put together an ambitious and forthright story, but Swinton's contribution looks more like an actressy impersonation than a performance, and indeed Zonca's film itself looks like a European facsimile of Americana.
0.6 Weighing in at 140 minutes, it's a long, often difficult watch, but made compelling by Swinton's tour-de-force and some solid support, particularly Saul Rubinek as her sympathetic ex-boyfriend.
0.4 If the script had been half as powerful as Swinton, this could have been special.
0.4 Swinton's Julia is one of those performances that goes so far in repelling audience sympathy that it comes out the other side looking almost admirable.
0.8 Julia, by and large, is a tale of desperate opportunists, fugitive souls who survive by living on their wits, taking risks and making it up as they go along. It sometimes feels that a similar person is behind the camera as well as in front of it.
0.8 Gripping, tense and often wildly unpredictable thriller, superbly directed by Erick Zonca and featuring a ferocious central performance from Tilda Swinton.
0.8 It is no easier to warm to Zonca's film than to its central character - but it is impossible to take your eyes off either. Amoral, at times brutal, and full of surprises...
0.6 It's largely Tilda Swinton's presence that saves Julia from itself.
0.875 Bergman's classic sparkles with wit and innuendo in a way that most modern romantic comedies can't even come close to.
1.0 Though Bergman's staging of the affair occasionally suggests a proscenium is just beyond the frame, the ensemble brings joyful veracity to the romantic complications and well-drawn characters.
0.7 Lusty comedy of manners plays like a lighter Rules of the Game.
0.8 Who would have thought that august Sweden would be sending us a film comedy as witty and cheerfully candid about the complexities of love as any recent French essay on l'amour?
1.0 As a maker of romantic comedies, Bergman proves himself the equal of Ernst Lubitsch in his heyday at Paramount in the early 1930s.
0.6 Bergman was a master to have crafted all of this material together so that it was entertaining.
1.0 Nothing about this strange, moving work of agit-pop has ever seemed out of date. If anything, "Alphaville" moves closer to relevance with every passing year.
1.0 A bracing salute to American gangster pics, with a jumpy European post-war uncertainty thrown in.
1.0 Although this is drastically different compared to the rest of Godard's oeuvre, it has without a doubt had a lasting impact with its ground-breaking visuals.
0.8 Karina proves to be the beating heart of the movie, getting its piercing last line (no spoilers here). Yet it's Constantine's ravaged mug that you remember.
0.8 It may mean absolutely nothing, but it's undeniably one interesting ride -- across universes in a Ford Galaxy.
0.87 The haunting imagery and dystopian vision of Alphaville deserves comparison to Fritz Lang's Metropolis
0.4 New Wave classic. Set bold new standards. Whatever.
1.0 This cold war allegorical sci-fi film is imaginatively made and proves that sometimes the most mundane images can become dazzling in the right context.
0.8 Packed to the brim with imagination, particularly the insane 2nd half.
1.0 It works both as a philosophical treatise on politics and film as well as an entertaining and often amusing look at a future overrun by technology.
0.9 A poetic, funny, and visually inspired blend of sci-fi, detective-film satire, and political allegory.
1.0 Esta fascinante mistura de noir, 1984 e Admiravel Mundo Novo filosofa, como Solaris faria sete anos depois, sobre a natureza do homem e suas contradicoes.
1.0 Godard's masterpiece of French new-wave cinema. Essential viewing.
0.6 These ideas are more prevalent than ever, which tends to horribly date Alphaville against its more thought-out successors like A Clockwork Orange and Blade Runner.
0.8 Heartbreaking, funny and truthful, with more depth crammed into 75 minutes than most manage in two hours.
0.9 Billy Wilder followed up Sunset Boulevard with this biting tale which cast a skeptical eye on the media and feels just as apropos in our age of 24-hour news.
1.0 It's the most scabrous, uncompromised work from Billy Wilder, who never made a movie that wasn't kind of an asshole.
0.9 Over 60 years later, Ace in the Hole has lost none of its sharpness. The only thing that's hard to believe about the movie is that Wilder and his co-screenwriters could have been this far ahead of the curve in their criticism of the media.
0.875 One year after scandalizing Hollywood with his bilious classic Sunset Boulevard, Billy Wilder was up to his old tricks with Ace in the Hole, which did to journalism -- and to the average American -- what his previous picture had done to Tinseltown.
0.9 Billy Wilder's take on human selfishness and callousness makes for one of the most angry and cynical films ever made.
1.0 Quite possibly the most Billy Wilder-ey of all Wilder's films.
0.9 Not only did Wilder pillory the media in Ace in the Hole, he made monkeys out of everyone. Look at you, he said, you eat this drivel with both hands.
0.8 As dark and cynical as Wilder gets, Ace also features one of Douglas' very best performance. Nobody is sympathetic and nobody is likeable. That's why it's so great.
1.0 Cynical classic looks better (and truer) every year.
1.0 Douglas is wonderfully slimy as a scheming reporter in one of Wilder's most accomplished films.
1.0 Not unlike Fritz Lang's equally misanthropic Scarlet Street, Ace in the Hole plays the squashing of one man's human spirit for societal-weary gravitas.
1.0 The film is as grim and pitiless as the relentless drill that pounds away at the mountain top.
0.7 The Network of the newspaper age.
0.4 Ace in the Hole is badly weakened by a poorly constructed plot, which depends for its strength upon assumptions that are not only naive but absurd.
0.4 Excessively overrated Billy Wilder bile-bath, with Kirk Douglas at his teeth-gnashing hammiest.
0.4 "Pete Smalls is Dead" nearly kills itself with an overdose of cutesy mainlined hipsterism.
0.4 Many of the film's storytelling beats seems drawn perhaps a little too closely from "The Long Goodbye," Raymond Chandler's elegiac detective novel adapted into a classic by Robert Altman.
0.5 This film knows the lyrics, but not the music.
0.3 Absent the actual music, Notorious would be a lot worse.
0.625 Though it never quite devolves into pure hagiography, the film's central tale of crack dealer made good is sometimes a little too hokey for its own good.
0.3 You've heard of laundering money? Well, this film biography of rapper Notorious B.I.G. has all the earmarks of--not monetary but morality cleansing.
0.625 [An] intermittently entertaining but thoroughly conventional Biggie biopic.
0.5 While the script provides ample illustrations of Wallace's tough life, there is not enough focus on what set the recording star apart from his peers or why he became so incredibly popular so quickly.
0.8 A swaggering delve into the life of the biggest of all rappers.
0.6 It isn't the most subtle movie, with characters constantly spelling out the big message - in order to change the world, you first have to change yourself.
0.4 A hagiographical whitewash.
0.6 For his legions of fans there's nothing new to discover about their flawed, but musically gifted, hero in a movie that, for them at least, will only serve to add to his legend.
0.6 Now in blows the myth of the myth: a brashly entertaining biopic.
0.4 This team have smoothed over the details of Biggie's rags-to-riches ascent, they haven't succeeded in making it terribly interesting.
0.4 This film by George Tillman Jr is less about the street politics and more about the slushy soap opera going on at home.
0.0 This is Hollywood hagiography at its most patronising and preposterous - a product, as well as a celebration, of a diseased, materialistic culture.
0.6 Fans of Biggie will find a thrill in watching Jamal Woolard bring him back to life after death.
0.4 A hip hop hagiography that plays like a straight-to-TV movie.
0.333333333333 As mainstream hip hop becomes ever more predictable, so do the biopics about its stars.
0.6 Notorious is undeniably entertaining and Woolard's excellent, but ultimately the film buys a little too much into hip hop's frequent misogyny and Wallace's enforced sainthood.
0.4 This is an MTV-friendly, slick and styled production that tells one version of a very murky story and does it with plenty of energy but little imagination.
0.6 It's ultimately a generic music biopic.
0.4 Notorious plays even more conventional than Eminem's 8 Mile or 50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin', with its TV movie predictability (rueful voiceover and all) taking the gangsta out of gangsta rap.
0.4 Shooting shy of scandal, Notorious turns the life of Biggie Smalls into an off-the-peg cautionary yarn. Aside from Woolard's larger-the-life lead turn, it's strictly B.I.G. for beginners.
0.6 A fitfully fascinating rise-and-demise yarn that will probably leave hip-hop fans underwhelmed while also alienating middlebrow audiences hoping for an inspirational night out.
0.6 Although guilty of assuming too much pre-knowledge on the viewer's part, it's a solid rap opus that snarls down Eminem's 8 Mile with heavyweight confidence.
0.6 Before giving in to sentiment, the film struggles to make us like this talented man who never quite grew up.
0.4 It's bang-average biopic fodder but fans will enjoy the attention to detail and hearing Biggie tracks on a cinema soundsystem.
0.6 A watchable, if admittedly one-sided, biopic with a handful of strong performances, though it rarely scratches the surface of its subject and wears out its welcome long before the end.
0.7 Jamal Woolard is an inspired piece of casting in the title role, not disguising sweetness behind the macho and arrogant gangsta facade.
0.6 the first drama about a hip-hop star's personal and professional life, rather than the culture itself, and it is worthwhile.
0.7 Even though it brings little that's new or innovative to the table, "Notorious" is a must for anyone even moderately interested in the history of hip-hop in the 1990s.
0.75 It's always interesting to watch real life unfold.
0.875 Notorious is a well-made, compelling, and ultimately humane film, even if you don't like rap music.
0.5 I never bought into the chase-your-dream theme. The dream that Biggie sought was not anything that Martin Luther King would have taken pride in.
0.5 Biggie lived a HUGE life in only 24 years, but this film has two hours and never sells me. Isn't selling what Sean 'Puffy' Combs is supposed to be an expert at?
1.0 A relentlessly-unapologetic immorality play about a bona fide ghetto gangsta' apt to entertain even Joe Six-Pack to the extent Middle America is inclined to buy into the Hip-Hop Generation's mantra, 'Don't hate the playa, hate the game.'
0.5 [Director] George Tillman Jr. and the two unknown film writers...are burying you in minutiae and putting way too much of a positive spin on the life of a common thug.
0.6 I kind of expect a puff piece with Sean Combs as the producer... pun intended.
0.6 Gritty, affecting rapper biopic is too intense for kids.
0.41 Notorious sticks pretty well to the actual events of Biggie's life, at least the famous ones, but it has little to say about the man that's not available on his Wikipedia entry.
0.625 Notorious is like a piece of well-crafted bling. It looks good, and facets of it shine, but behind the gilded facade there's not much there.
0.625 This tale of triumph and tragedy within hip hop's elite is intelligent, gripping and far less sensationalistic than anyone could have expected.
0.75 When it comes to the outsized character at its center, Notorious is the rich, complicated and affectionate tribute he deserves.
0.625 The best thing about Notorious is its across-the-board, excellent cast, especially the soulful Woolard and Mackie's mesmerizing work as the complex Shakur.
0.625 Lacks the irresistible bump of Biggie's music and the flow of his rhymes; unlike Wallace, the filmmakers don't create anything fresh from the elements 'sampled' from the art (in this case, musical movie biographies) of the past...
0.5 It must have been an act of great restraint for Sean Combs to resist titling this film, about Chris Wallace, his close friend turned rapper and cultural icon, The Notorious B.I.G. -- The Sean Combs Story.
0.75 The film might have been just another middling musical biopic had the lead role not been so perfectly cast.
0.4 No fire in this tale about one of rap music's most notorious shooting stars.
0.8 George Tillman Jr.'s film may follow the well-worn path of many a musical biography. But spot-on casting, a light touch around the edges and affection for its subject makes this warts-and-all look at the big man with the big hits a winner.
0.625 The script lets too much slide, and director George Tillman Jr. -- whose biggest films have been Soul Food and the Barbershop franchise -- abets it.
0.6 The film takes a greatest-hits approach to its subject's life story, condensing his rise to fame, fall from grace and steps towards redemption into an easily digestible narrative that entertains, but rarely enlightens.
0.75 Closer to Scorsese than Scarface, Notorious gives a heartfelt yet clear-eyed sendoff to the late Brooklyn rapper Christopher Wallace, aka Biggie Smalls aka the Notorious B.I.G.
0.8 It's unlikely there will be a better dramatization of the Biggie Smalls story than this one.
0.5 Notorious obviously loves its protagonist, but the movie can't get past its own starstruck awe.
0.7 Notorious has a fine time along the way, with Woolard channeling the rapper's sweetness and wit as comfortably as his pathos.
0.625 Notorious is hagiography with guns, grass and flesh, but it's a kind of whitewash all the same.
0.5 Notorious is slightly better than the average hip-hop biopic (50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin' among them). But the Great American Hip-Hop Film is still out there somewhere, waiting to be told.
0.8 The performances and the passion fueling this film are astounding.
0.75 A vivid biopic of the larger-than-life rap star that doesn't require you be a big fan of the genre.
0.5 This flick smoothes out the roughest edges, drains off the rawness and blandly retraces the narrative arc of every musical biopic since The Jazz Singer.
0.5 Notorious, directed by George Tillman Jr. with a sentimental touch, seems torn.
0.75 If you give this fictionalized film biography a try, you may find yourself caught up in his troubled and complicated rise to prominence -- like me.
0.625 An enjoyably ridiculous entertainment about a pursy young man with mysterious sex appeal who turns the rap world on its ear.
0.75 [Director Tillman has] imbued Biggie's story with emotions that bring home the full arc of a tumultuous, complicated life. That's why you don't have to love hip-hop to be glad you've seen Notorious.
0.75 Although one may question how objective it is, considering it's produced by Wallace's mother and Sean "P. Diddy" Combs, 'Notorious' is explosive, fun and entertaining.
0.7 I can honestly see people hating this film but for fans of Biggie's music like myself, the film is a great memorial to one of the best rappers ever.
0.625 The film's unhurried, uncompressed feel yields many juicy moments worth savoring.
0.5 Anyone looking for a dispassionate, evenhanded account of the life of Biggie Smalls will be disappointed, perhaps even dismayed, by Notorious.
0.4 This is a disappointingly conventional film that offers up all the key moments of B.I.G's life and a lot of his music but which fails at making the case for the ultimate importance of either one.
0.6 Notorious doesn't quite convey how hip-hop felt in the '90s ... (but) it manages to put a few new scratches and stutters into the beats and breaks of the conventional pop-star movie.
0.875 An evocative recreation of a decade-past (!) time in music whose creative, cultural, and social influences continue to resonate in the landscape today.
0.375 If Notorious was meant to play as tragedy, it misses that mark by leaps and bounds. It's difficult to weep for a person who lived the years he was given as a rotten, big-headed soul with few, if any, redeeming qualities.
0.25 We may never find out who killed Tupac and Biggie, but whoever made this movie could be guilty of assassinating their memories and character
0.3 ignores what Biggie was, a great artist who believed in the power of storytelling, and transforms him into the flawed saint that he never was and, more importantly, never wanted to be
0.625 It's as if the filmmakers didn't trust Woolard to carry the emotional weight of Wallace's story. They should have.
0.5 The film's Achilles' heel proves to be this sense of survivor's guilt that's too often M.I.A.
0.5 Notorious won't ever be mistaken for investigative journalism, but it will help solidify Wallace's legacy as a hip-hop innovator while also explaining it all to those who were unaware and providing a sentimental re-creation for the legions of fans.
0.625 Notorious is an efficient biopic, and a celebratory exercise in nostalgia for hip-hop fans of a certain age.
0.625 Even when this 'authorized' movie biography makes you long for the 'explicit' version, Woolard's tour de force finds the human details that forged an artist and lets Biggie fly.
0.625 What really saves Notorious are the performances of rapper Jamal Woolard, who captures some of The Notorious B.I.G.'s playful charm, and newcomer Naturi Naughton, who dazzles early on as the fiery Lil' Kim.
0.7 The rare music biopic that leaves you not just humming the songs but thinking about life and death, the strategy of fame, and the business of the business.
0.875 Notorious is a good film in many ways, but its best achievement is the casting of Jamal Woolard, a rapper named Gravy, in the title role.
0.5 If there's a guide book on how to create a standard rags-to-riches music biopic, the makers of Notorious must have memorized every page.
0.75 Biggie is played well by newcomer Jamal Woolard, who not only looks the part but has the moves of a slick street rapper down.
0.6 What's most annoying about Notorious is that whatever bad thing that Biggie ever does gets paved over by the end of the film.
0.75 In the first surprise of this short year, this little movie about a big rapper is a worthy testament to the man who would be B.I.G, and the first truly good Hip Hop biopic.
0.8 Kicks off with the usual rapper braggadocio of a childhood on the cutthroat street corners, then slyly cuts to a chubby A-student nerd known as "Chrissy-poo" to mom Voletta.
0.5 The untold side of the story haunts the frames of this standard-issue biopic.
0.333333333333 Notorious delivers nothing but clumsy filmmaking and a greatest-hits checklist, without offering insight into the man or his myth. If you don't know now...you still won't know.
0.25 If there's something praiseworthy about Notorious, it's that it pulls off the remarkable, ignominious feat of making its deceased subject less likeable than one remembers.
0.8 An intelligent consideration of a thorny subject, fueled by three great central performances.
0.75 A Kafkaesque nightmare scenario of dread and ambiguity rooted in the aimlessness of contemporary life.
1.0 A stunning examination of the effects of emotional isolation and the inability to communicate in the modern age.
0.5 Michael Haneke could be cinema's Debbie Downer, if only he had any sense of humor.
0.3 A clumsy, anachronistic Western which casts Candice Bergen as a shrill female lead who's a lot more 1970 than 1864. Unconvincing.
0.4 Bloody, overrated film that fails to stand the test of time
0.6 1970's message movie is one of first pro Native American.
0.7 You didn't understand all of it? It went by too fast to take it all in? There was too much information to mentally digest? Yeah, well, that was kind of the point.
0.6 Probes a significant subject but treats its people as mere stick figures carrying exposition from place to place.
0.8 Preferring probing questions to pat solutions, the film drills deep in its exploration of the US's ventures, both economic and military, in the Middle East.
0.75 The most troublesome part of Syriana is that the movie is, in fact, so easy to believe.
0.4 Gaghan kapitulira pred holivudskim konvencijama te film zaklju%u010Duje spektakularnom, ali banalnom i krajnje neuvjerljivom zavr%u0161nicom
0.5 Politically-paranoid, if well-intentioned, this disjointed message movie doesn't really do much more than indict the usual suspects.
0.75 Interesting and worth watching, despite the fact that complete comprehension of the film seems just beyond the reach of the viewer.
0.8 If there is any lesson the makers of Syriana want us to absorb, it is that we should trust no one where power and money are concerned.
0.75 Syriana really makes viewers work to try to understand the complexities involved in protecting (or resisting) U.S. interests in the Middle East.
0.4 No one-sentence synopsis is possible, but here's a stab: A bunch of people, played by George Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Christopher Plummer and others, stalk around looking serious and doing stuff.
0.8 Demanding, even confusing at times, this is required viewing that requires your full attention.
0.6 Un tenso e interesante thriller politico, si bien abrumador y por momentos confuso, sobre tema actual, con destacada labor de George Clooney.
0.4 There is a weird absence of both dramatic heat and political light here.
0.8 [Syriana] fulfils all the key criteria of a decent political thriller - it'll make you angry, it'll make you think and it'll scare the hell out of you.
0.9 Adept at delivering macro and micro perspectives without moralism or conviction.
0.8 You'll come away exhausted, but also exhilarated.
1.0 Longe de representar uma experiencia emocional, o longa exige dedicacao ao espectador - e se voce estiver disposto(a) a mergulhar na discussao sera fartamente recompensado(a).
0.8 Stephen Gaghan signe une %u0153uvre necessaire qui arrive au bon moment pour agrementer un debat sans que cela ne paraisse trop opportuniste.
0.625 A well-meaning, yet meandering and confusing political thriller.
0.75 Oil, war, global capitalism -- it's just not simple. It is by nature hard to understand. This picture gives you a sense of that complexity while it compels. Nice work.
0.8 A bleak and powerful movie, made all the more sobering by how much of it isn't fiction.
0.5 I'm not afraid to say that I just don't get what all the fuss is about.
1.0 A potent legend of modern international relations.
0.875 Syriana reminds us that movies can be about ideas and that the challenge of a complex plot can be invigorating ...
0.6 I did not understand a good deal of this film, and as a result, I found it nearly impossible to get engaged with the elements I did understand and I was unsurprised by many of the revelations purportedly sprung by this movie.
0.7 There are few movies released by major studios these days possessed with as much intelligence and purpose as Gaghan's.
0.625 The film throws so much information at you so quickly and so relentlessly that it's easy to become overwhelmed and confused.
0.5 The cinematic equivalent of a sound bite.
0.5 In movies I am always holding out for a hero. In this one, none appeared.
0.75 Rips its motivations from the front pages of our daily newspapers, blurring the line between reality and fiction with credible subplots and believable twists.
1.0 Rich, complex, multilayered and by turns maddening and depressing, Syriana emerges as one of the best films of the year.
0.5 All you need to know is everyone is a bad guy in one way or another, they all want money and/or power, and they'll do anything to get it.
0.875 It has a lot on its mind, and is not afraid to speak. So much so, in fact, that it should serve as a good crash-course in international energy affairs for those unfamiliar with the subject.
0.5 A film about going home and being good to your kids.
1.0 If you're looking for a feel-good move to get you into the holiday spirit%u2026 This isn't it.
0.75 The stories are all densely packed with detail and convincingly told.
1.0 It is a mesmerizing global economic and civics thriller that will - or should - start you thinking everytime you turn the ignition in your car.
0.75 If you enjoy complicated plots, you'll certainly get your money's worth at Syriana.
1.0 Gaghan, bless him, doesn't believe in dumbing things down
0.82 Takes the risk of losing its audience by interweaving four different storylines.
0.75 Gaghan advances the cast-of-too-many-characters in Stratego fashion, methodically moving them across a board riddled with oil-industry intrigues until they finally converge in the drama's explosive climax.
0.7 One of the most exciting movies of the year.
0.625 Not all of the stories on display here are as relevant or interesting as others.
0.5 They're all pawns of the oil industry -- or rather, they're pawns of director Stephen Gaghan.
0.5 The plots are not so much carefully interwoven as they are frantically blended, like a dubious cocktail whose true ingredients the bartender would like to hide.
0.8 While 'Syriana' takes much of its inspiration from current headlines, its greatest strength is not in how it reminds viewers of what they can see on a cable news channel but in how it can make its participants become convincingly human.
0.75 Some movies have everything going for them, except that little extra 'oomph'.
0.875 Watch closely and listen carefully during Syriana because Stephen Gaghan's movie is that rarity: a thinking person's drama.
0.5 It's hard to get passionately swept away by a movie when you're struggling continually to figure out who's doing what to whom and why.
0.5 The movie isn't terrible, many details are vivid, yet the depth is all sheen and display. It has some tough truths at heart, but its brain is a blurof fast cards dealt by an insecure croupier.
0.625 An occasionally incomprehensible work that still manages to be captivating and consistently watchable.
0.5 A political thriller should have a little mystery to it, but Syriana, while certainly noble in its ambition, is too indecipherable to add up to a great or even good movie.
1.0 Syriana is a challenging, thought-provoking work about the downward spiral of oil dependence throughout the world. It's just the thing to make you consider a hybrid for your garage or solar panels for your roof.
0.75 Gaghan asks us to piece together the story from the evidence onscreen, making the film almost an exercise in participatory investigative journalism.
1.0 Syriana is complex, engrossing, involving and depressing. Difficult to absorb, it is also difficult to accept, and it is one of the best films of 2005.
0.75 Syriana is a chillingly plausible bit of paranoia.
1.0 This is a great film from top to bottom and I can't recommend it more for the thoughtful movie fan. It's a great ensemble piece and a profound reflection of our own scary reality.
0.75 Syriana coolly dissects a system of duplicity, chicanery and corruption that has been in play for several decades now, and examines the consequences that it has borne.
0.625 Syriana is an ambitious edifice, built with conviction and skill. But I'm not sure I understand it, and I'm not sure I care.
1.0 It forces you to intently watch and listen and ask questions, something that in the past six years has been skillfully portrayed as an unpatriotic response to an increasingly complex international scenario.
0.8 A gorgeous, well-acted (by a gaggle of successful directors, in Clooney, Tim Blake Nelson, and Thomas McCarthy), Soderbergh-y undertaking, but it's going to go over like a fart in church.
0.875 Syriana is a fascinating movie -- and a substantive and thought-provoking one -- but it does not necessarily attain greatness.
0.75 Intelligent, political, incensed, timely, and appropriately cynical.
0.875 An intelligent dissection of the business, politics, emotions and conspiracies of the global oil industry that edifies as much as it entertains.
0.9 Du cinema intelligent pour spectateurs intelligents.
0.625 However it's Clooney's performance that will stick with you... One wishes his story was the focus of the film instead of one thread among many.
0.75 this movie could be the one where Clooney finally gets his due.
0.7 Your enjoyment of this movie will be in direct proportion to your patience. If you can stand not knowing everything right now and wait for the story's threads to weave into a rug, Syriana makes for an engaging time.
0.5 The problem with Syriana is not that it lacks good elements, but that it has no idea how them shape them into a comprehensible story.
1.0 Syriana is an endlessly fascinating movie about oil and money, America and China, traders and spies, the Gulf States and Texas, reform and revenge, bribery and betrayal.
1.0 Untangle the Gordian knot at the heart of Syriana and you find a riveting drama of succession.
0.75 Syriana is a caustic and cynical political thriller with a plot that occasionally confuses but a message that leaves no room for misinterpretation.
0.5 Whether you follow the oil or the money, as drama Syriana is a dry well.
0.5 Syriana is like a position paper, and scenes that should pull us in fall flat.
0.5 You keep straining to understand the bits and pieces of information that you can make out, but it still adds up to a lot less than the sum of its parts.
0.625 Syriana is an awards-season message in search of a movie.
0.75 The film's weary, politically wary vibe sticks with you.
0.5 I suppose if I created a flow chart of characters and devoted a few solid hours to it, I could make some sense of ... `Syriana.'
0.75 Maybe they should give editor Tim Squyres something - if not an Oscar, then antacid tablets.
0.9 Gaghan's script wisely sticks to the human story as things twist and turn.
0.75 It's intelligent agitprop, a stimulating fireball that deserves to be the center of water-cooler conversation.
0.25 Convoluted, disjointed and extremely dull...amounts to a bunch of ciphers having esoteric conversations about who knows what.
0.7 The result is both winning and problematic, though the positives sufficiently outweigh the negatives to make the result well worthwhile.
0.7 For all of the movie's flaws, I still have an enormous respect for Syriana and all of the work that into it.
0.25 Certain to be on Osama Bin Laden's top ten best list of 2005.
0.5 ...despite exceptional pacing it's so convoluted it is incomprehensible, except for George Clooney's message about America being the bad guy in the world.
0.8 Stephen Gaghan pulls it off by presenting an interesting menagerie of characters, a myriad of locations and a screenplay that overestimates rather than underestimates the audience's intelligence.
0.75 ...about as timely and captivating as modern issue-related cinema is likely to ever get.
0.75 Syriana is that rarest of animals -- the star-laden studio release that's all steak, no sizzle.
0.88 Syriana is a dense, layered film that is essentially this season's broccoli %u2013 it's good for you, and when prepared right (as Gaghan has), tasty.
0.7 This is propaganda. There's no doubt about that. It's also very well done, there's no doubt about that either.
1.0 A powerful political thriller, striking a resonating chord with the oil-connected news that unfolds every day.
0.75 It's a troubling vision of how terrorism and 'martyrdom' occur on both sides of this ghostly war, and is both perpetrated and facilitated by the very forces enlisted to stop it.
0.625 It leaves us gasping for air, scratching our heads and wondering if we've seen something truly important or something that just thinks it is. But at least it leaves us thinking.
0.625 A crisply acted and occasionally exciting ensemble film undone by murky plotting and thin character development.
0.75 The stars are all good here ... (and they're aided by supporting work from dependable performers such as Chris Cooper, William Hurt and Christopher Plummer) and Clooney -- and his story -- really shines.
1.0 A complex, intriguing narrative about oil, terrorism, money and power.
0.875 Hugely ambitious, excellently acted and very challenging.
0.625 The presence of George Clooney, Matt Damon and other fine actors helps you ignore your sense of descending ignorance as the movie unfolds. And the ending, when you think about it for a few days, does add up.
0.75 While it sounds glib to say that Syriana is educational at its best, I mean that as sincere praise.
0.9 A gripping thriller, a labyrinth of parallel plots, a moral message movie and a brutally realistic action picture.
0.75 Syriana isn't the perfect guide, but its torch probes the darkness further than most and shines brightly enough that blindness can no longer can be our excuse.
0.7 It's intimidatingly intelligent, definitely not a time-waster, and challenges the viewer to keep up. But mashing in so many stories also serves to weaken the film as a whole.
0.5 Damon again getting Gerry'ed out in the middle of nowhere encapsulates Gaghan's wandering around an issue that should leave us with something more substantial than one man trying to make sense of what just happened.
0.85 Syriana does for the oil industry what Traffic did for the drug trade.
0.6 a fitfully engrossing and overreaching film that is both somehow too much and yet not enough.
0.875 Thought-provoking and unnerving, emotionally engaging and intellectually stimulating.
0.9 A fearless and ambitious piece of work, made with equal parts passion and calculation, an unapologetically entertaining major studio release with compelling real-world relevance, a film that takes numerous risks and thrives on them all.
0.875 It's a wake-up call. In today's environment, it's a rare thing to find a movie with interesting characters in dense, intelligent storylines, but that's what Syriana offers.
0.875 Somehow, the movie convinces you, through its strengths of characterization and atmosphere, that it's showing a little of how the world really works -- and that the world's dark machinations are every bit as sordid and pitiless as your worst suspicions.
0.25 I'm still waiting to see the film that was advertised in its great trailer. As actually released, the movie is completely dead. ... One of the worst films of the year.
0.5 It has big ideas, but no pulse.
1.0 One of the best films of the year reveals the violence, the corruption, and the political chicanery involved in maintaining our addiction to fossil fuels.
0.8 Jamming too much into its 2 hours, pursuers of truth and controversy on film may well erect a statue to Clooney for bringing such material to us in an unadorned package.
1.0 No dry civics lesson, this fighting-mad film isn't just hot, it's incendiary. And no one gets off the hook. You see it with the exhilarating feeling that a movie can make a difference.
0.7 Kieran Evans' Kelly + Victor is an intense study of the fine line between tenderness and aggression in romantic relationships.
0.6 Well directed by Kieran Evans and acted with searing honesty.
0.4 An uncompromisingly tough watch, a tale of hard drugs and even stronger sex set in Liverpool.
0.4 Evans has a feel for mood, but it'd be wrong to mistake atmosphere for psychological depth; Kelly + Victor could've been so much more than what it ultimately achieves.
0.6 Antonia Campbell-Hughes and Julian Morris are impressively raw and unguarded as the doomed lovers, their nerves exposed for all to see as the roots of their angst are increasingly laid bare.
0.6 An unabashedly full-frontal exploration of sex and sexuality that's weighed down by distracting subplots.
0.8 There's something very unsentimental and provocative being served up along with the romance in this love story from writer-director Kieran Evans.
0.6 Between bed scenes the film dulls out a little: meandering Liverpool walkabouts scored for dirge-like synthesisers. (The 60s-era Art Movie Handbook.) Whenever we are in the bedroom, though, the story catches fire&#8201;.&#8201;.&#8201;.
0.8 Kieran Evans' British romance is an occasionally shocking, often excellent ode to nihilistic love.
0.6 Evans, aided by the leads' rapturous performances, combines violence with tenderness, and thereby captures the complementary, turbulent yet harmonious nature of Kelly and Victor's relationship.
0.6 It's not all convincing. Campbell-Hughes (remote, brittle) is odd casting ... But once we're in the bedroom, the film takes on a shocking, bold air.
0.4 Kieran Evans' adaptation of Niall Griffiths' rough-hewn novel mixes unsafe S&M with social desolation to choppy effect.
0.6 This story of violent sexual obsession is too deliberately dark for us to sympathise with the central couple. But it's well-shot and nicely played by both actors.
0.6 The raw, sweet promise of the first act is ultimately up-ended by its turn towards grimness, but Kelly + Victor is a melancholic meditation on the most disturbing type of romantic irony.
0.75 Barbara Sarafian provides a full-bodied portrait of mature female strength as a mother named Matty in Moscow, Belgium.
0.625 The movie just can't decide whether it likes romance or disdains it, whether it wants to be dark or bright.
0.625 There's nothing special about the story in Moscow, Belgium. But the lead performance? Very special.
0.75 A romantic drama, interwoven with bright ribbons of humor.
0.6 Moscow, Belgium feels not only like a movie from another culture but from another world.
0.75 As Matty, Sarafian is a marvel as she changes from a gray moth to a girlish butterfly, and Delnaet is delightful as the slightly dangerous Johnny.
0.7 A European-style chick flick where all the women are wonderful and the men jerks. Unlike the American genre, this is one men can actually sit through and enjoy
0.75 Few films tackle the question of whether a man with a history of domestic violence can learn to love again -- and fewer still do it in a subtly comedic and charming way.
0.8 Nothing will ever be easy for any of these characters, and that is why we care about them so.
0.875 Emotions run deep but are never overdone.
0.8 Director Christophe Van Rompaey takes the oldest story in film, "boy meets girl," and turns it into something fresh and new with sparkling performances by Barbara Sarafian and Jurgen Delnaet.
0.95 Masterfully blends romance and comedy in a refreshing, endearing, life-affirming and unHollywood way without feeling contrived, corny or convoluted.
0.75 Moscow, Belgium is a romantic comedy with a different flavor. Although it follows many of the familiar patterns that characterize movies of this genre, it does enough things differently to allow it to step outside of the norm.
0.75 The way Belgian actress Barbara Sarafian plays the opening sequence you're not sure if you're entering a tragedy, or a tragicomedy, or what. The film turns out to be "or what." It's also worth seeing.
0.75 Notice how deeply the director, Christophe van Rompaey, has drawn us into these lives, how much we finally care, and with what sympathy all the actors enter into the enterprise.
1.0 My pick for best romantic comedy of the year--from any country.
0.7 With no shortage of wit and ample awareness of the human condition, Moscow, Belgium revolves around a complex female character, wonderfully limned by Barbara Sarafian.
0.75 A pleasing alternative to the season's Oscar-baiting movies.
0.6 The steady attention to detail in Moscow, Belgium lends it a texture rarely found in films about domestic life.
0.6 A feisty romantic comedy about a middle-aged woman who realizes that she has a few options still left whereby she can transform her life.
0.375 The aspirations of this quirky Belgian import might be feel-good indie, but the copious flaws smack of pure Hollywood drivel.
0.7 There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
0.6 Boxing docu glorifies Pacquiao but skims the surface.
0.5 A narrow and borderline fawning hagiography that will no doubt find great favor among his fan base, while inspiring shrugs of indifference from those less invested in his tale.
0.2 Only a fool would say it to his face, but eight-time divisional boxing champ Manny (Pacman) Pacquiao has a limp swing as a documentary subject.
0.75 It's nothing groundbreaking as a sports doc, but Pacquiao's warm personality and amazing story make it a pretty great one.
0.4 Manny stays entirely on the surface of Pacquiao's life and of a sport that's rife with dirty dealing and chicanery.
0.5 An informative, if largely deferent, biographical documentary that tritely explains the ascendancy of Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao.
0.4 Takes itself much too seriously.
0.6 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable.
0.4 Though excessively tiresome, The Uncertainty Principle, as verbally pretentious as the title may be, has its handful of redeeming features, as long as you discount its ability to bore.
0.5 Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable, the director's experiment is a successful one.
0.4 The north-of-the-border setting promises fresh perspectives but local novelty can't disguise universal cliches, despite Dillahunt's memorably haunted star turn.
0.7 With quiet intensity, this contained drama feels like a stage play with its intimate approach and limited cast and settings. It also has a strong thematic kick that's both emotional and political, without ever being preachy.
0.75 ...often more effective as an actor's showcase than as a fully realized cinematic experience...
0.7 The story shapes itself into a sophisticated psychological thriller where suspense is everything. Who will deal with the outsider?
0.5 This spare drama about the aftermath of war goes only so far on the strength of its sincerity, carefulness and good intentions.
1.0 "Nobody's perfect" is the last line. Wilder, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe come pretty close.
1.0 Fifty-five years old and still a comedy masterpiece.
0.4 Everyone has a canonical classic which they just don't get. This one is mine.
1.0 Brilliant performances, wondrous comic timing and the greatest pay-off line ever written: this one's still red hot.
1.0 Here is one of those movies that persists beyond the implications of a mere time frame, resonating with audiences like a very fine wine.
1.0 Re-viewing Some Like It Hot is invariably a rewarding experience, not because it is a great comedy but because it is a great movie.
1.0 The preeminent comedy of anima...effervescent and breezily paced, from the car-chase opening to the big finish capped with one of the all-time-great punchlines. [Blu-ray]
1.0 One of the wildest romantic farces ever.
1.0 The film's final line is legendary, though I have a soft spot for Jerry's description of a sashaying Sugar: "Look at that! Look how she moves! That's just like Jell-O on springs!"
1.0 The Great American Comedy (if you discount the Marx Brothers).
1.0 This is a flawlessly scripted, superbly performed and endlessly witty comedy that deserves its place among the all-time greats.
0.9 It is, like Ms. Monroe, a beautiful thing.
1.0 The laughs never get old.
1.0 Wilder gave his audience credit for being as smart as he was, and, boy, they don't make 'em like that anymore, but they oughtta.
1.0 Nobody's Perfect, says Joe E. Brown after proposing to Jack Lemmon, but Billy Wilder came close with his racy, witty, much ahead of its time comedy about cross-dressing, impotence, and gender bender, with Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn Monroe in top form.
1.0 Only top ranked episodes of the Jerry Springer show provide more laughs and surprises from two con men made up to look like women.
1.0 Arguably the best American comedy.
1.0 A dazzling screwball that holds up decades later.
0.8 Very funny Billy Wilder film, but not as good as its legend.
0.75 ...more likely to elicit smiles and chuckles rather than full-fledged belly laughs.
1.0 This is one of the wildest farces ever filmed, but it has a lot of heart as well.
1.0 Manages to be a complete winner on every level.
0.625 Always manage[s] to spoil the fun with elaboration.
1.0 I wish I could watch it again for the first time.
1.0 One of the greatest comedies ever.
1.0 Wilder's wise-cracking, gender-bending farce is a perfectly pitched comedy of romance and masquerade
0.8 Some of the wittiest one-liners on film.
1.0 The American Film Institute voted it the number-one funniest movie of all time...an effervescent laugh riot with few equals.
0.9 You'll have a hard time finding a faster paced comedy, nor one that delivers it all so flawlessly.
0.8 Some Like It Hot does cool off considerably now and again, but Mr. Wilder and his carefree clowns keep it crackling and funny most of the time.
1.0 Wilder's 1959 comedy is one of the enduring treasures of the movies, a film of inspiration and meticulous craft.
1.0 Expands a one-joke premise with hysterical results, due in no small part to the contributions of the near-perfect ensemble, with each of the major characters shining like a perfect jewel.
0.625 Vivian Qu's debut feature slowly reveals itself to be an eerie meditation on the increasingly thin line between technological illusion and hard reality.
1.0 The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
0.75 One of the first Hollywood movies to preach for accord between Native Americans and white civilization. While the liberal ideology is commendable, the portrayal of Cochise by white actor Jeff Chandler is not.
0.625 This feminist film wins laurels for close attention to detail in a radical filmmaking effort.
0.8 The uninitiated should expect more passion than polish.
0.6 Situated at an unspecified future (that seems suspiciously like the present), Lizzie Borden's debut is neither a fatnasy nor an allegory, though it has an interesting feminist idea at its center.
0.8 Has the matter-of-fact look and careful pace of a precinct-house procedural.
0.8 The deep cynicism would be depressing if it weren't so riveting.
0.875 Regarding Michel Piccoli's Max, Claude Sautet's film resists judgment, neither condoning nor signposting the despicable nature of his choices.
0.625 This is only [King's] first feature, and if he can take a few more narrative risks without giving up his subtle style, he may become that rare director who can tackle spiritual issues without (literally) preaching to the choir.
0.2 The movie plays like a Film 101 final project, and the writer/director, Benjamin Paquette, is not quite ready for prime time.
0.375 The plot's Twilight Zone-like entanglements might be more palatable if the film's execution were more adept.
0.3 The Night Listener shamelessly jerks its audence this way and that, until it arrives at its lacklustre anti-climactic conclusion.
0.5 Even at 82 minutes, the film seems padded out, spinning its wheels and generating no suspense once the central, easily answered question is introduced.
0.75 ...effectively captures the essence of the novel without slavishly adhering to its every nuance...
0.7 A small suspense-thriller to scratch your Hitchcockian itch.
0.5 ...never got me involved enough with its main character or its supporting characters to make me feel one way or another about them or their predicaments.
0.5 While the film claims to be based on real-life events in the life of author Armistead Maupin, there are more than a couple of sequences that strain credibility, causing the audience to question its veracity.
0.2 Robin Williams's face is permanently on its smiling-through-emotional-pain setting.
0.8 The Night Listener is intriguing, thought-provoking and harrowing by turns, with fine central and supporting performances and a richly satisfying feel.
0.6 You should find this watchable and moderately clever; it's just a shame that it tries to sound weighty about truth and love, instead of getting on with being scary.
0.4 However, the film brushes over certain elements of the book (most notably Gabriel's relationship with his partner) and shies away from its more important themes (AIDS, child abuse etc), leaving the equivalent of a sanitised TV version of the book.
0.6 There's absolutely nothing wrong with this movie that a good story wouldn't fix.
0.0 Their protagonist, Robin Williams, is just so self-pitying he is completely unsympathetic. I didn't care what happened to him. I never cared if he was in danger or putting himself in danger.
0.4 All roads lead to dead ends, in dramatic and investigative terms.
0.6 At only eighty-two minutes long, the film zips along--and keeps you guessing.
0.625 The deeper the story goes, the more it unravels, leading to a damaging finale that isn't ambiguous as much as it's asinine.
0.8 It's the desolation of sadness stemming from the realization Noone's alone that's behind the search for a reality that perhaps doesn't exist that makes the film powerful.
0.75 The pacing and staging of the later scenes could use a little more electricity and momentum, and a little less restraint. Yet The Night Listener keeps you watching. And listening.
0.875 The Night Listener is a rather intense psychological character piece that keeps you on edge, as well as intrigued, with the promise of malevolence at every turn.
0.875 "The Night Listener," a disturbing adults-only film, is anything but a mainstream fiilm.
0.5 Leaves us in the dark, with no real answers -- you know, just like life!
0.375 If you watch and listen closely, it will dawn on you that this thriller has everything going for it -- except a clincher ending.
0.5 Like a stick of butter ... awfully tough to swallow in one sitting.
0.5 In Stettner's The Night Listener, Williams applies for his license to creep out the masses in a mopey and mediocre character study of atmospheric tension and chaos.
0.6 It's worth seeing for the performances, but it's something to go in with low expectations on the plot itself.
0.125 Very little pay off. Worse, the film cheats. It belies its own integrity by including shots meant only to mislead the audiences, ultimately to contradict its own storyline.
0.75 ...a small, grown-up movie for people who want a breather from all the current blockbusters, cartoons, and dumb comedies.
0.6 It's fitting that kaleidoscopic images introduce this psychological thriller in which reality and fantasy collide and splinter into cinematic fragments.
0.6 It's unlike anything else out now, and Williams, to his credit and our immense relief, has for the moment foresworn his usual giddiness in favor of a muted, hunched acting style that befits both the character of Noone and the overall tone of the film.
0.75 In Patrick Stettner's confident direction, with Lisa Rinzler's ominous-to-spooky cinematography, Williams and Collette carry off a fine visual realization of what is essentially a theater-of-the-mind piece.
0.5 Murky and uninspired.
0.4 It's surprising that a story with such a great hook could be turned into a flat, uninvolving film.
0.5 (Stettner) sets up a rule that the movie is about the psychological conditions of its characters, and what they can teach us about ourselves. He then switches games and asks us to believe the spook is its own excuse.
0.875 A quiet, measured and resolutely unnerving mystery, The Night Listener is one of the year's most assuredly intelligent releases.
0.4 Early reviews compare this to Hitchcock, but Hitch was never this obvious. Even at less than 90 minutes, this is a drawn-out, butt numbing sit.
0.6 A moving mystery of the heart based on a novel by Armistead Maupin about the lengths some people will go to find acceptance and love.
0.75 Rather than building to a slam-bang payoff, it lulls us in, almost without care.
0.625 A dreary misfire.
0.5 Novellist Armistead Maupin and collaborators Terry Anderson and Patrick Stettner have put together a taut thriller with excellent acting and direction which is sadly marred by a touch of misogyny.
0.4 The movie might make for a good book, but it's too awkward and lacks the necessary action for a film. And Williams' rather sluggish approach doesn't help much. Eventually, we just aren't interested in tagging along with him.
0.75 An eerie, occasionally disturbing motion picture focused on the differences between perception and reality.
0.4 The story backs itself into a corner and gets lost trying to find a satisfactory way out.
0.83 ...glides over the surface of some intriguing questions, not the least of which is what an author owes the real people who inspire his stories.
0.5 If this story came over my airwaves I would be real tempted to change the station.
0.875 a very simple plot, but they mine every possible piece of tension and danger out of it to create a very eerie movie where danger is just around every corner.
0.875 Tidy psychological thriller taut with tension and intrigue.
0.625 80 percent a superb thriller, backloaded with 20 percent gotcha and goodbye. That's a scandalous way to treat a viewer.
0.7 A surprisingly taut thriller, even though there really isn't anything that thrilling about the subject matter.
0.375 This Sundance dud is a turgid gay soap opera with a limp twist, showcasing Robin Williams at his maudlin worst.
0.5 ...an oddly inert thriller, a movie of shocking revelations and sneaky twists that somehow still never jars you.
0.5 The Night Listener, a movie with lots of heart but no heartbeat.
0.5 File The Night Listener under Missed Opportunities.
0.625 This not-great movie, like the not-great book it's based on, is worthwhile because it puts us in the kind of uncomfortable place where we're forced to examine our own beliefs.
0.625 There's more to this story than meets the eye -- or ear -- especially when Collette, magnetic in her intensity, appears as a figure straight out of Vertigo or North by Northwest.
0.625 Where the hero of Maupin's novel learns some valuable lessons about love and faith, the film strikes a darker, even angry tone that's far more understandable and, in the end, far more convincing.
0.875 The Night Listener reveals itself in a grippingly quiet and enigmatic style reminiscent of Hitchcock.
0.8 The Night Listener is quirky and a little spooky, with a smart, literate script and polished direction from Patrick Stettner.
0.8 Night Listener draws you in to a tale well-told.
0.5 The thriller is suspenseful enough, with a spooky mood and some real shocker moments, but the audience has to be willing to forgive its lack of rationality, as well as its totally cryptic conclusion.
0.5 Noone [Williams] is a lethargic, beaten, humorless man, and the film is plugged into the same lifeless energy source.
0.75 The Night Listener, based on a real event in the life of novelist-turned-screenwriter Armistead Maupin, is a tranquil and alluring little thriller that makes up in earnestness what it lacks in surprises.
0.625 Although it may not satisfactorily work all of its many ideas out, The Night Listener does thoughtfully explore the myriad games people play -- on themselves as well as others -- in the universal search for gratifying affection.
0.4 Based on a novel by Armistead Maupin, which was based in turn on an episode in Mr. Maupins life, The Night Listener explores a shadowy region between truth and fiction.
0.625 The Night Listener has much to recommend it, but I find myself less than enthusiastic precisely because this movie made me feel so lousy.
0.5 The Night Listener should have been a better film than it is and I can only think to blame Williams' lacklustre performance for ultimately letting the audience down.
0.625 More intriguing than enthralling, more creepy than disturbing, The Night Listener runs a tidy 80 minutes yet still feels stretched.
0.5 Williams' solemn one-note performance, which we've seen variations of before in his 'serious films,' Insomnia and Good Will Hunting, ruins what should be a ghoulishly entertaining game of cat and mouse.
0.5 Director Patrick Stettner -- seems unable to settle on what The Night Listener actually wants to say.
0.75 It's a film about people with mixed motivations (maybe even compulsions), who don't always behave with full self-awareness or self-control.
0.5 Adapted from Armistead Maupin's highly anticipated, woefully executed 2000 novel, this is surely among the best bad movies of the year.
0.625 As gripping as The Night Listener wants to be, it's also nearly devoid of suspense because you know it's supposed to be suspenseful.
0.5 There's so much menace and portent in this adaptation of Armistead Maupin's novel that you're psyched for a high-voltage compound of shock and awe that never materializes.
0.75 The Night Listener has flaws, particularly a double ending that raises more questions than it resolves, but it conjures a haunting mood of anxiety that settles around you like a shroud.
0.625 The Night Listener features a chilling mood and an excellent turn from Williams, finding both frailty and strength in a man desperately searching for answers as his world gradually implodes.
0.875 Sometimes, holding up even a small mirror to contemporary anxieties is enough, which The Night Listener does by skillfully exploiting a mass distrust that's currently reverberating from book clubs to the blogosphere.
0.75 The fine line between fiction and reality are put to the test in this unconventional thriller, which is elevated by Toni Colette's performance.
0.7 Presents one of the most fascinating characters of the year... a cool, calculated remedy to the late-summer doldrums.
0.8 an engrossing thriller that probes the human psyche and is coy about giving up its secrets too easily
0.875 Running just 81 minutes, it delivers its fascinating little tale with the succinctness and emotional power of a great short story.
0.5 As far as topicality goes, The Night Listener's account of authorial deception certainly benefits from its parallels to the recent outing of JT Leroy as a fraud.
0.6 The story is fascinating and often disturbing, but the film never really gets beneath the surface.
0.75 The slippery natures of truth, fiction, lies, and wishful thinking...get full play in the screen adaptation of The Night Listener.
0.6 The thriller is relatively consistent at maintaining the suspense and dramatic tension that made the original work of fiction so compelling to the celebrated writer's loyal group of fans.
0.4 By the time the credits rolled I was bored rather than stunned by the revelations within the movie and I just want these type of reversal/twist movies to get better, or go away.
0.5 Quick, what's the first thing you do as a director trying to make yourself seem cool, besides editing the movie backwards? Right! You shoot your scenes in one continuous shot.
0.875 A quixotic film of tone-poem rhythms about the unquenchable desire for lost love.
1.0 A hypnotic and intense masterwork on grief, the afterlife, and the yearning of the soul that can turn darkness into light.
0.5 In this case, truth isn't stranger than fiction, it's just strangely hackneyed.
0.6 Director Nick Moran obviously feels strongly about the material but fails to create a consistent tone.
0.4 A de-glamourised Natascha McElhone is so unconvincing as the harridan of a mother that her performance is hard to take seriously.
0.6 It's a heck of a lot better than director Nick Moran's last movie (Joe Meek biopic Telstar), but could have done with tighter storytelling and better casting.
0.8 [An] excellent adaptation of Kevin Lewis's bestselling book about his difficult and at times harrowing life.
0.6 Nick Moran -- like Casey Affleck, an actor-turned-director -- marshals his relentlessly grim material unflinchingly, and Rupert Friend, as the adult Kevin, is engaging and convincing in a complex role.
0.2 If you have tears, prepare to shed them for some other tale of woe.
0.2 Lewis' story is unquestionably horrific but by forcing it into the mould of a triumph-over-adversity heart-warmer, all of the raw, nasty edges have been smoothed off to leave a sickly-sweet wad of gloop.
0.4 Sadly, in relating Kevin Lewis's journey from physically and emotionally abused child to best-selling novelist, Moran displays a tendency towards melodrama that overwhelms the story.
0.4 If you're going to make a biopic about an abused child who grows up to be a bare-knuckle boxer, it might help to hire an actor who looks like he can actually handle himself in a scrap or two.
0.6 Strong performances by Rupert Friend and Augustus Prew as the grown-up and teenage Kevin give Moran's rite-of-passage tale genuine emotional ballast. A worthy follow-up to Telstar.
0.4 This is an inspiring story, but it's badly told. Best read the book instead.
0.8 From the film's tough opening all the way to the credits, director Nick Moran ladles everything on thick. Some viewers might complain that makes the film a shameless heartstring-tugger. Others, including me, won't see why that's a problem.
0.8 Raw, absorbing and packing a powerful punch, The Kid marks Moran as a serious contender.
0.8 Impressively directed, superbly written and frequently harrowing, this is a brilliantly acted drama that delivers a powerfully emotional punch.
0.8 Maintains its intrigue amidst an existential style that normally results in slow and drearily dull cinema.
0.7 The condemned die a thousand deaths while awaiting execution in Iran.
0.6 A little too proud of its own eccentricities, often at the expense of the story.
0.7 Think of it as: "Fiddler on the Roof" as soap opera.
0.8 Full of magic and fantasy with an interesting mix of eccentric and complex characters.
0.6 A striking feature debut with a creditable stab at magical realism.
0.5 A muddled work, neither truly scary nor compelling.
0.5 The more I think about Simon Magus, the less I'm sure what it's trying to say.
0.7 Reasonably diverting, but the story never matches the movie's fantastic visual imagination.
0.5 ...this fable about intolerance is handsome without being especially thought-provoking.
0.7 Poetic and ambiguous, it manages to be magical in both the beautiful and terrifying senses of the word.
0.5 Lee clearly has magical realism, fable, and historical enormity on the brain, and even though he stuffs the film with everything but the proverbial kitchen sink, his ultimate point is anyone's guess
0.375 Spike Lee has turned in an odd hybrid of a film--a 160 minute war epic combined with a crime thriller combined with a discourse on civil rights.
0.7 The agenda is obvious, but the rage feels justified, and meanwhile Lee gives us a few virtuoso touches.
0.625 Problematic as a narrative...[but] Lee's simply too smart and talented to make a dismissible film. [Blu-ray]
0.62 Ask ten people who've seen this movie what the title's "miracle" is referring to, and you'll get a couple of different guesses and a whole lot of blank stares and shrugs.
0.6 There are endearing moments but we're in a Spike Lee world where it's okay to interject his "black vs. the privileged white-man" lecture time and again to the detriment of the film.
0.5 There's no moviemaking miracle at work here, just a half-baked project that might be Lee's biggest disappointment to date.
1.0 Lee ... has created a brilliant war movie that encompasses many elements, but manages to engage us with all of the stories within the story he wants to tell.
0.4 By choosing for his definitive portrait a tale based on a fictional novel rather than an actual true story, Lee has undermined his own efforts to properly depict the wartime experience for WWII-era blacks.
0.625 Lee shows a knack for combat scenes and both the brutality and brotherhood of man. Opportunism, barbarism and hope mix in the most piercing, cathartic scenes. But his grudge match with Clint Eastwood weighs too heavily, and it's an ambitious mess.
0.375 Full of cliches and the very stereotypes against which director Spike Lee rails, "Miracle at St. Anna" is a television movie that's far below the capabilities of one of the most talented living film directors.
0.625 There are moments of such indescribable beauty in 'Miracle at St. Anna' that they move you to tears. There are also moments that leave you shaking your head in bewilderment and frustration.
0.75 This isn't on the same caliber as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, but really, what is? This is a decent war movie that should satisfy most fans of the genre.
0.6 A messy patchwork of ideas spinning off every which way...but failing to be good doesn't mean that it's not interesting.
0.6 Half way through it becomes clear the ending doesn't matter compared to the journey, I just don't know if Spike Lee feels the same way.
0.5 Maudlin climax leaves a treacly residue of exaggerated valor and sentiment.
0.34 The combination of Lee's concerns for his characters' depictions with Disney's concerns for mass-market appeal ends up pleasing no one.
0.375 Miracle doesn't seem to have any one point of view, and without a united, central perspective to hold things together, the storyline feels very random and meandering.
0.75 Lee shows his grittiness by allowing everyone to speak in their native languages. My hat's off to him for that. I'm not a fan of war films where all opposing sides speak English.
0.7 Too long, but picks up after an abysmal start.
0.875 An overdue history lesson about the indelible stain left by Jim Crow on the conflicted minds of black men forced to wage a white man's war when they'd really prefer to be fighting for their own civil rights.
0.5 There's enough here to make a thrilling, dynamic and even moving war movie, if only Lee could have kept his excesses out of the way of his filmmaking strengths.
0.6 What the hell happened to Spike Lee? Where did the brilliant director with the fresh, edgy and inventive ideas go?
0.4 Lee's intention was to show the contributions of African American soldiers. However, he does these men a disservice by perpetuating the very stereotypes that he rails against.
0.625 At the end of this nearly three hour movie, what you have is a noble attempt thwarted by uneven artistic choices.
0.625 The momentum increases considerably in the final hour of this 2-hour, 40-minute film, when Lee combines action and emotion in a way that makes cinematic sense. But it's a long, spotty time getting there.
0.5 [Lee] resorts to many of the same hoary cliches and fantasy situations he so frequently condemns.
0.5 I admire his passion and technique, but I hope he rediscovers the discipline that made movies such as The Inside Man so good.
0.5 It's disappointingly heavy-handed as an examination of racial prejudice in the military.
0.25 The impulse here is to say something about the nobility of this movie's intent or to note that Spike Lee is one of our best filmmakers. But the first and most honest thing to say about Miracle at St. Anna is that it's an awful mess.
0.5 Finds Lee surprisingly off his game with an ambitious project that aims big but achieves little.
0.625 Ultimately, the film falters -- due to its length, some unconvincing European characters and too many turns that depend on sudden supernatural intervention.
0.5 The sad thing is, there's a perfectly fine, Sam Fulle-rish, 90-minute war movie on a worthy subject trapped somewhere in the self-indulgences of Miracle at St. Anna.
0.5 Lee takes nearly three hours to tell this sad tale, but he never makes the most of the opportunity.
0.75 Miracle is far from the sensitive racial politics Lee is capable of delivering, but darned if it isn't rousing good fun.
0.5 Pedestrian and awkward, this film is a disappointment not only in comparison with Lee's earlier epic, the underrated Malcolm X, but also in comparison with another film with similar aims, Rachid Bouchareb's Days of Glory.
0.625 Unsuccessfully ambitious, the movie is nonetheless unique and creative enough to be worth sitting through -- or would be had it been about an hour shorter.
0.5 At least it's a good-looking movie, with fine cinematography and production design. But Lee's heart isn't in this one ... and it shows.
0.6 Spike Lee's World War II epic Miracle at St. Anna is a good movie wrapped in rags. Sadly, what could have been a handsome, poignant spectacle is diminished.
0.75 A fine movie and a fascinating near miss. Even a Spike Lee film as imperfect as this one is more deserving of your attention than 90 percent of what's out there.
0.5 Though it runs for roughly two hours and 40 minutes, there's nothing particularly epic about Spike Lee's version of the war.
0.875 Lee brings a maturing sensibility and a talent for ensemble performance to a tale that is loving, angry and profoundly American.
0.6 Setting the record straight after so many years and so many movies is not necessarily a simple undertaking, and this film sometimes stumbles under its heavy, self-imposed burden of historical significance.
0.5 This movie is too many things without one of those things ever breaking your heart or boiling your blood.
0.75 For all his excesses and wrong turns, Lee has made a grown-up movie with an adult sense of loss and an adult sense of hope. He may be addicted to broad flourishes, but he has the big emotions to back them up.
0.7 Miracle at St. Anna is a real revelation. It is also not a perfect film.
0.4 This is like the 'Where's Waldo' of war films: Find the story, locate the characters. You have three hours. Good luck to you.
0.75 Hidden within the two hours and 40 minutes is a very good, much smaller film, and it's worth seeking out.
0.5 Surprisingly lethargic, unfocused, fragmented, combining a murder-mystery with an R-rated war epic in a muddle of 'miracles.'
0.5 What could have been Spike Lee's best film since Do the Right Thing, Miracle turns out to be a confusing mess that is topped off with an annoying child.
0.75 If Miracle at St. Anna fails, let it be said that most filmmakers would kill for a failure like this.
0.4 Spike Lee bites off far more than he can possibly chew and ends up choking on his overindulgence. Despite flashes of extraordinary genius, Miracle at St. Anna is little more than a cartoon masquerading as a mature movie.
0.75 a good movie that doesn't reach greatness, even though it could have
0.4 There are many mysteries on hand in "Miracle at St. Anna" but the biggest mystery of all is how anyone could have deemed the rambling and seriously undisciplined screenplay by James Baldwin ready for filming.
0.55 If nothing else, at least Lee can feel some degree of satisfaction knowing he's made a movie about as ineffective and incoherent as Clint Eastwood's Flag of our Fathers.
0.4 Clearly, Lee's efforts show a director who is passionate about the film's message and isn't just attaching his name to get a big paycheck. No, this is a labor of love but it's just as much of a labor to sit through.
0.5 There's a good two hour movie here. Too bad it's lost in a disjointed, meandering narrative.
0.875 ...one of the most wrenching war films I've seen.
0.5 even at a bloated 155 minutes, Lee's picture seems to aimlessly tread water
0.5 Miracle at St. Anna aspires to be epic, but mostly it's just unfocused, sprawling and badly in need of editing.
0.5 Unfortunately, it's a jumble of disparate story elements that don't fit together.
0.6 Brutal WWII battlefield fable isn't for kids.
0.625 The 166-minute running time is less the result of epic sweep than of Lee's tendency to digression, repetition and sentiment, which thwart dramatic tension and clarity and cause swings in tone.
0.55 Some themes are familiar, others freshly provocative. But nearly all get scattered as screenwriter James McBride lets the story drift off in six directions at once.
0.75 Miracle is, by turns, a dazzling, dim, lucid, confounding, absorbing, tedious, silly, profound, bloody and bracing account of four African American infantrymen separated from their Buffalo Soldiers unit in Tuscany during World War II.
0.75 An uneven blend of realism and fantasy. The movie is both vivid and baffling -- which is to say, it was made by Spike Lee.
0.75 There are scenes that could have been lost to more decisive editing, but I found after a few days that my mind did the editing for me, and I was left with lasting impressions.
0.6 A World War II story of four black soldiers that is lifted above its confusing subplots and multiple characters by two magical moments of compassion.
0.6 Ultimately Miracle at St. Anna aims too high, or at least at too many targets. Lee would have been better served to concentrate on one of the many aspects of the story.
0.4 [A] sloppy, absurdly long mashup of combat film cliches.
0.375 A dollop of Saving Private Ryan, a dash of Letters from Iwo Jima, and a sprinkle of Italian neorealism characterize the style and sentiment of Miracle at St. Anna.
0.2 A major disappointment.
0.625 It's impossible not to admire what Lee has wrought here, and the evident passion with which it has been brought to the screen. However, the realization is flawed, and those flaws make this 160-minute epic feel a little too much like an ordeal.
0.6 Lee's creative passion is apparent throughout Miracle at St. Anna, but the screenplay lets him, and the audience, down.
0.6 When Miracle at St. Anna falters, it's in the moments that seem like they could have been crafted by any other film maker; when Miracle at St. Anna succeeds, it's in the moments that could only have been crafted by Lee.
0.6 It's always engaging, but the constant tonal shifts sometimes disjoint what should have been a seamless narrative.
0.7 St. Anna is probably too strange and unwieldy to become the classic that Lee wants it to be, but it's a worthy stretch for the director.
0.7 Bobcat Goldthwait's God Bless America works well as a black comedy and as a satirical look at pop culture and human behavior.
0.5 It's an intriguing satirical idea, and it works very effectively in places, while being tremendously didactic and heavy-handed in others.
0.6 Enjoyable, over-the-top, and nowhere near as black as the premise sounds, God Bless America is essentially an extended comic op-ed piece.
0.7 If you can take that premise, I think you'll go along with the film and it's really, in its very weird way, quite funny.
0.6 It's not that you don't sympathise with the characters' sentiments it is, though, that you can't actually go along with their agenda.
0.3 Gory, unfunny satire that deserves a prize for the most strained provocation of the year.
0.6 God Bless America opens strong but finishes with a preachy bludgeoning.
0.8 ...any film that has the balls to show an incessantly crying baby being blown away with a shotgun will always, unequivocally, get my vote.
0.75 [Goldthwait's] shown he has a knack for writing films with strange lead characters whose morals you will question, but whose exploits you will want to follow to the end.
0.8 Murray and Barr make for winning platonic chemistry even when Frank suspects himself of impure thoughts. Goldthwait holds his nerve as the film shifts from ennui to malevolent gleefulness.
0.8 Embora nao seja engracado como acredita ser, a honestidade do roteiro em sua frustracao com a futilidade contemporanea e algo refrescante em meio a tantos projetos sem personalidade ou ponto de vista.
0.8 God Bless America is a modern-day parable... It's not always easy to watch, but it's got a lot to say. Just be prepared to have your worldview challenged.
0.625 There's something disingenuous about this being made by a filmmaker whose claim to fame was appearing in Police Academy 2, Hot to Trot and Shakes the Clown. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit that there's something cathartic about it.
0.8 A combination of blatant shock tactics and poignant, pin-sharp verbal tirades from its lead that are rendered darkly amusing, or you would cry with despair at the apparent truth.
0.6 The movie has the courage of its convictions all the way up to the closing credits.
0.8 It does take a sledgehammer to crack a walnut and eventually falls victim to the law of diminishing returns but it doesn't pull its punches and is often outrageously funny.
0.6 While the satire works at times the jokes wear thin and there are moments of really bad taste.
0.4 The satire feels hand-me-down and weak, and Goldthwait is firing blanks.
0.4 The new film's fire-power is too sloppy, too wide-spread; it barely scathes even the easy target of an American television talent show complete with Simon Cowell clone.
0.6 Goldthwait targets today's mixed-up and decidedly shallow celebrity culture with one of the sharpest scripts this year.
0.9 An excellent film that picks up where its predecessors left off, blazing trails for a new era of American satire. What it lacks in delicacy it makes up in energy, drive and hilarity.
0.6 An entertaining black comedy that takes some satisfying pot-shots at some very deserving targets, but the script quickly leaves itself with nowhere to go and the second half is disappointing.
0.7 Go for the spot-on rant about Diablo Cody, but stay for the chaotic, vital commentary on a noxious cultural milieu.
0.6 God Bless America is an angry film, with some good points and plenty of amusing satire, but it's ultimately bogged down by dull pacing and way too many rants and monologues.
0.2 Goldthwait shows a knack for pin-pointing the sulphurous hues within the kaleidoscopic rainbow of alienation and frustration, but has sadly failed to paint any of them black.
0.6 Its jubilant anarchism intermittently excites, there's a smattering of well-executed gags and the cathartic violence set to euphoric tunes offers some (extremely) bad taste satisfaction.
0.8 Sharp on the fallibility of human foibles and sometimes stingingly funny, too.
0.6 It's the kind of cuckoo premise that director Bobcat Goldthwait (World's Greatest Dad) excels at...
0.8 Like Kevin Smith's blistering Red State, this film scythes through the mindless degradation of the American media.
0.5 The problem with the film is that it starts at such a lethal pitch there is nowhere believable it can build toward.
0.7 Sometimes the truth isn't so fresh, but it's all we have.
0.6 Despite a pervasive one-dimensionality, its bold message is well-delivered -- and frankly, hard to debate.
0.5 It's about a terminally ill man who decides that if he is going to die, he is going to grab a gun and take a whole bunch of obnoxious people with him.
0.7 You'll laugh and be offended, but if you watch it and don't want to be part of the solution, you'll know which side of the line you're on.
0.4 [I[n a culture of outrage, where even non-events are peeled apart by an army of amateur and professional complainers, Goldthwait has missed the boat.
0.875 It's jawdroppingly hilarious! You'll laugh, but then will feel guilty for laughing. I love movies that make me uncomfortable. Remember how dark HEATHERS was? Well, this is 10 times darker!
0.71 A wonderfully sharp, funny film that fights tooth and nail against what is considered de rigueur behavior in modern life.
0.6 Star Joel Murray is SO good and Bobcat finds the sharp edge of his satirical gift often enough to warrant a look.
0.7 This is no simple wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy. It's an indictment of us as viewers and tacit supporters of the cultural trash heap.
0.875 The film features elaborate (and spot-on) parodies of mean-girl reality shows, YouTube nonsense and fatuous news reports but the people are thin and the plot meanders a bit.
0.6 This funny, sick twist of social satire is certainly locked and loaded, even if its aim is sometimes off.
0.5 The real problem is there's just not enough plot on which to hang the message that mean people suck.
0.3 Goldthwait presents an ironic dichotomy: In his fervor to rail against multiple examples of media missteps, the filmmaker unintentionally delivers a mistep of his own.
0.5 In this "Falling Down" of pop-cultural observation, Goldthwait forgets the thrill of the chase; he's more concerned with piercing verbal barbs than actual suspense.
0.75 A stark vision of American civilization crumbling amid a morass of loud, cacophonic nonsense.
0.7 Leave it to the guy whose first film was about an alcoholic, womanizing clown to make you question the morality of our world.
0.5 Mr. Goldthwait's screenplay is essentially a comedy act fleshed out with a story he doesn't try to make convincing.
0.25 Through it all, the film never comes up with a way to convince us Murray's behavior has any internal logic.
0.625 Goldthwait's ranting dialogue is stingingly funny and Murray and Barr are so agreeable you may find yourself rooting for "the bad guys."
0.4 Given that the movie starts out in such interesting fashion, it's hugely disappointing to see it devolve so lazily into a generic vigilante fantasy.
0.375 You can sympathize with Goldthwait's outrage here, even laugh at some of his jokes, and still wonder whether he's decrying the decline of our culture, or contributing to it.
0.45 An overly bleak film ready to write off the world and go down in a blaze of gunfire, both middle fingers raised.
0.7 Interesting, sometimes kind of fun but, ultimately, not as satisfying as it might have been.
0.75 "God Bless America" has a whole lotta "Taxi Driver" in it, and some "Network," and some "Heathers" (with Barr functioning as Christian Slater in the equation), and even some "Kick-Ass."
0.75 Disturbing and often very funny ... possesses a daring point of view connecting rude pop culture and citizens losing grip on common courtesy.
0.6 Goldthwait aims at a lot of easy targets. But he knocks them down without breaking much of a sweat, like a grown man punching bullies on the elementary school playground.
0.375 Broad, mean, with inconsistent political aims and uneven performances.
0.5 Here is a film that begins with merciless comic savagery and descends into merely merciless savagery. But wow, what an opening.
0.625 Who might have guessed that a mid-range comic whose heyday was in the late-'80s/early-'90s would turn out to have such a sharp, merciless vision as a filmmaker?
0.8 [It] turns in on its own morality like a Mobius strip, endorsing kindness by practicing slaughter, and pulls us along for the ride.
0.5 ...isn't as smart as it would like to think it is.
0.4 The movie is the kind of undercooked satire that might be mistaken for meaningful by the midnight-madness crowd; let's hope Goldthwait the stealth smartie returns posthaste.
0.75 A lot of what God Bless America has to say is on-target and is presented in such a straightforward, unvarnished fashion that it's impossible to miss the honesty beneath the comedy.
0.375 By wholeheartedly taking its main characters's side instead of complicating or censuring his homicidal vigilante crusade, it proves inanely one-note and preachy.
0.6 It isn't a bad movie, but it's a step back from the more daring material Goldthwait's been doing...
0.75 Murray and Barr have fun with the tart dialogue, and despite the flimsy premise and the derivativeness (Goldthwait lifts whole scenes of Taxi Driver), it might be Goldthwait's best film to date.
0.4 It never amounts to much more than a one-dimensional piece of revenge fantasy that isn't any better than the subjects it's satirizing.
0.75 We may be ready to crown Goldthwait as the modern Frank Capra for the America that we have created.
0.625 Easy to like but difficult to love...
0.7 God Bless America is exactly the kind of comedy we need. It's funny in an incredibly dark way, but it also turns a critical eye on the many problems within our society.
0.8 If you have any complaints about current American culture, this is a comedy for you.
0.8 As the teacher, Lindsay Burdge gives a stunning performance.
0.625 Rather cold, the movie could have used some more humanity or, at the very least, dramatic excitement.
0.5 "A Teacher" will leave you feeling drained, even exhausted. That's about right for a movie about obsession, one with no resolution except waiting for the other thud to drop.
0.4 Ms. Fidell ... has a fine eye but not the makings of a feature-length movie here and, it quickly becomes clear, isn't interested in this relationship or the moral, ethical and legal issues it raises.
0.4 Fidell's mature style and Burdge's lack of guile are engaging. As the film's emotions grow darker, a lack of ideas comes through.
0.5 A Teacher feels a bit like watching some fool cross a busy freeway on foot over and over again for an hour and change. There's little to do but await the inevitable splat.
0.4 Glimpses of the relationship's dynamics can't overcome the missing sense of how these two first connected, an increasingly problematic void at the movie's core.
0.625 If the title is vague, so is the script, which, at times seems to mistake ambiguity for complexity.
0.4 The movie plays out in a depressingly obvious way, and you have to laugh at the finale's big cry, set to Lee Moses's "If Loving You Is a Crime (I'll Always Be Guilty)." Really?
0.5 We're only allowed an insufficient glimpse of the anxiousness and curiosity that drive these creatures, a tactic which feels suspiciously like hesitance masquerading as enigma.
0.7 The premise is attractive, but the execution is unfinished. Lindsay Burdge as the teacher who falls for her student makes this undiscovered indie worthwhile. But while we have reason to believe she's smart, we never understand why she's so stupid.
1.0 Essential Sternberg.
0.875 Fargo, with its grotesque murders and cheery detectives, is a cold gem that takes us to the far north. Its seemingly pitiless light opens up the realms of darkness concealed beneath that world of white.
0.875 A small, supremely satisfying film. Heck and you betcha, it is.
1.0 It's another daring black comedy by one of the most consistently inventive moviemaking teams of the last decade, brothers Joel and Ethan Coen.
0.875 You have to grant the Coens their due as creators of suspense, mood and plotting, and for their ability to color the most monstrous crimes with an undeniably funny sense of the absurd.
0.5 From the camera angles to the set design, everything is calculated to make the viewer feel superior to the cloddish, geeky characters on display.
1.0 The result is a modern masterpiece.
1.0 Fargo stands out as the Coen brothers' warmest, most accessible offering to date -- despite its frosty Minnesota setting.
0.8 In the fascinating Fargo, writer-director Joel and writer-producer Ethan have come up with a film that is either an oddly funny crime drama or an ultra-deadpan comedy, depending on how you look at it.
1.0 It's a miracle: A tough, honest, bloody film set so far from the bright lights it feels as if it's on a different planet, yet knowable and absolutely compelling from start to finish. Fargo is great American movie-making.
1.0 The performances by McDormand (bringing a GREAT screen character to life) and Macy are superb.
1.0 Dark, gritty, and brilliant. Not for kids.
1.0 Quite simply, Fargo is the best movie the Coen Brothers have ever made. And that's saying a lot.
1.0 The most complete film the Coens have ever made, it's nothing short of a movie for the ages.
1.0 The Coen Brothers have always loved to go far, a tactic they don't forgo in Fargo. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Do you have to be a Minnesotan to really get Fargo?
1.0 The best movie heroine in years.
0.75 This may be the warmest movie the Coen brothers have ever made.
0.875 An odd, intriguing, and entertaining film.
0.875 The brothers have returned to their roots, both visually and literally. Their new film is reminiscent of their debut movie, Blood Simple, and its wry look at murder.
1.0 [The Coen brothers'] very best film, crammed with memorable characters and quotable dialogue.
1.0 Thank you, brothers Coen. You have renewed my faith in the serious talent who cannot be lured into the pecuniary heavens of Hollywood.
0.8 Fargo shows Coens' film-making ability at its best.
1.0 This is truly a brilliant film, the kind you don't see often. Intelligent, raw, funny, daring and unique, pure cinematic delight from start to end.
0.8 Um dos grandes trunfos de Fargo reside em seus dialogos. O problema e que estes duelos verbais travados entre os personagens perdem muito durante a traducao para o portugues.
1.0 The beauty of the film is in the subtle detail of the dialogue and performances which continue to enchant on repeat viewings.
1.0 Any movie that can do that and get away with it as efficiently as Fargo does is something to treasure.
1.0 She's a sharp cookie.
1.0 I could have done without the blood (including a scene with a person being fed into a wood chipper), but the comedy is hilarious.
0.9 Finally, [the Coens] have given us characters we can care for, a story that keeps us wondering, hoping and guessing, as well as the distinctive visual style that marks all Coen productions.
1.0 Written and directed with the verve, painstaking nuance and outrageously black humour that have become the mainstay of a Coen movie.
0.75 It's easy to admire what the Coens are trying to do in Fargo, but more difficult to actually like the film.
1.0 To watch it is to experience steadily mounting delight, as you realize the filmmakers have taken enormous risks, gotten away with them and made a movie that is completely original, and as familiar as an old shoe.
0.875 A quirky violent comedy that's worth watching.
0.7 Overall, the movie's plot-line is so-so, the acting is above par, the soundtrack is original, and some memorable scenes reside.
0.75 With the subtle, homespun and ironic performances of Macy and Frances McDormand ... the film becomes a darkly laughable tale of small town normality going awry.
0.8 ...one of the most hilariously twisted murder mysteries to come along since, well, since never.
1.0 It combines a sheer energy of satire, comedy and thriller that it seems at first glance an impossible movie to make.
1.0 A crime gem that is darkly funny even when it's chilling -- and certain to become a classic.
1.0 One of those rare pictures about which I have nothing negative to say.
0.75 A nifty bit of nastiness from two of our most dependably provocative filmmakers.
0.8 Filled with the Coens' trademark graveyard wit and unique camera angles, Fargo rockets along without a dull moment; it's by far their most tightly constructed picture since Raising Arizona.
0.75 With Fargo, Joel and Ethan Coen return to the glory days of 1987 and Raising Arizona.
1.0 It brilliantly moves from comedy to poignancy to tragedy and back constantly.
0.5 There are only two reasons why anyone should see this comedy and those reasons belong to Jayne Mansfield.
0.8 Yeah Babeee.
0.7 Jack kicks plenty of butt, and the film has some neat little twists and turns to keep things interesting - and an ending the really has some guts.
0.75 Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
1.0 ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
0.8 Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
1.0 The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
0.9 the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
0.97 Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
0.8 Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
1.0 Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
0.8 Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
1.0 E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
0.6 While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
1.0 One of the great screen romances.
0.75 Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
0.6 One of the most violent movies ever released.
0.875 ... A fitting tribute to all the men and women who have fought and died for their country -- and for each other.
0.6 Mais uma patriotada que mostra os americanos matando milhares de vietcongues, mas sendo mais 'humanos' que os inimigos.
0.8 ...A gripping, fast-moving film that will be added to the short list of quality movies focused on the U.S. conflict in Vietnam.
0.6 Almost always competent, but never brilliant. Its textbook approach to moviemaking is so common in Hollywood war films that it can't be called new or enlightening.
0.8 This is a good film; strong, honest, strikingly photographed (by Dean Semler) and appropriately devastating.
0.2 Mel Gibson's Vietnam drama breaks under the weight of its contradictions.
0.75 It's refreshing to see a pre-acid rock movie about Vietnam.
0.625 Presenta los hechos de una manera que recuerda a lo peor de la derecha republicana, asemejandose a la patetica y triste epoca del senador McCarthy y su 'caceria de brujas'
0.75 Probably the best thing you can say about We Were Soldiers is that it does justice to an awful conflict.
0.85 We were soldiers es la voz de los soldados muertos que reclaman el haber sido enviados a defender un pais, para luego ser simplemente dejados atras.
0.5 This is an incredible story badly told.
0.5 I've said it before and I'll say it again: Just because it's a true story, that doesn't mean it's a great one.
0.625 A breathtaking but ultimately insubstantial fireworks display.
0.875 There is such a broad scope to the film that it seems ready to topple over on itself, but it very rarely misses a beat.
0.75 When staying true to its title--which, thankfully, is most of the time--this is an effective war picture.
1.0 The Vietnam generation has its own Saving Private Ryan in We Were Soldiers.
0.5 War is no doubt hell. The only question is, do we really need another movie to tell us that? I think not.
0.625 For a movie that is based on a true story, We Were Soldiers has a lot of war movie cliches.
0.5 Wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
0.7 There are some surprising and good things about the film.
0.75 Wallace keeps the tension racheted up tight, and he never shies away from the gore of war
0.25 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment.
0.875 We Were Soldiers will inspire you and touch you.
0.7 An inspiring war movie with honorable intentions...
0.7 ...it's a competent film-based on real life experiences in Vietnam by someone other than Oliver Stone!
1.0 We really get to know some of these soldiers and their families in a way that goes beyond most war films. That gives the film additional emotional impact.
0.75 A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle.
0.875 The role may call for a great presence more than a great actor, but Gibson is both, and the movie is all the better with him as its center of moral gravity.
0.5 Fails to bring as much to the table.
0.75 As far as war movies go, this is the best studio effort since Terrence Malick's brilliant 1998 picture, The Thin Red Line .
0.625 ... a story we haven't seen on the big screen before, and it's a story that we as Americans, and human beings, should know.
0.75 ... the first film in recent memory that a major studio has chosen to release early in the year with palpable filmmaking passion and production heft.
0.3 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film.
0.8 Goes beyond the familiar.
0.8 The story it tells is both forgotten and relevant, a neat trick.
0.5 Wallace is so determined to realistically simulate combat that the big picture is lost.
0.75 Even those stout hearts who managed to sit through the gore of Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down will likely find it difficult to watch scenes such as the one where a soldier's face is burned away by a phosphorus grenade.
0.75 It vividly illustrates that moment when our leaders won a battle that foolishly convinced them that they could win a war.
0.625 The film feels formulaic, its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff, while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe.
0.75 Despite its few flaws that prevent it from being a war movie masterpiece, this is still a riveting, engaging and even occasionally quite touching work that benefits from some terrific performances and technically well-crafted battle sequences.
1.0 ... one of the best war movies of the past 20 years.
0.875 It's a horrifying but gripping movie, because we can discern the fighting tactics, identify with individuals, even savor the valor and sacrifices of the enemy.
0.875 In the end, his We Were Soldiers works as a new hybrid -- the war film as a tearjerker.
0.7 Despite moments of melodrama, Gibson makes a charismatic, conscientious military leader, though the script leaves little room for the playfulness that sometimes colors his portrayals.
0.8 ... a winning, balanced and compassionate war movie, one with room for both heroism and command incompetence, sacrifice and its consequences.
0.5 At its best, it's Black Hawk Down with more heart. At its worst, it's Rambo- meets-John Ford.
0.375 Often stirring, but crude and cliche-ridden.
0.75 We Were Soldiers is very much like Black Hawk Down, a postmortem of a real battle that shouldn't have been fought and is pro-soldier and, arguably, anti-war in the process.
0.125 Wallace has fashioned a gung-ho piece of conventional entertainment that would have been a natural fit for John Wayne but today feels a bit too naive for its own good.
0.5 We Were Soldiers is a far cry from Apocalypse Now -- a movie that extols war's manly virtues, not its madness.
0.8 Because Wallace refuses to let his audiences be mere observers, We Were Soldiers is a harrowing experience, rich in rewards and insights.
0.6 ... a good, if not entirely fresh, look at war.
0.625 Though it falls short, it's an ambitious movie that ranges from intense peaks to embarrassing lows.
0.75 By attributing intelligence, bravery and above all, humanity, to enemy forces as well as to U.S. troops, We Were Soldiers does itself proud.
0.75 It is something of a tribute to Wallace the director that the shamelessness of Wallace the screenwriter doesn't sabotage this mission altogether.
0.75 Yet, lest one think Soldiers is rousing, be forewarned. It is patriotic in that it is loyal to its American soldiers, although it is surprisingly respectful to their enemy.
0.75 With We Were Soldiers, Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in.
0.5 The intensely violent battle sequences have an undeniable emotional impact, but how much more of this can moviegoers take?
0.875 For much of its length, the movie consists of battle scenes. They are not as lucid and easy to follow as the events in 'Black Hawk Down,' but then the terrain is different, the canvas is larger, and there are no eyes in the sky to track troop movements.
0.625 Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew, and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic.
0.5 While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah, patriotic tone, Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective: dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation.
0.75 As in Black Hawk Down, the combat sequences are filmed with great skill and pulse-pounding immediacy.
0.75 A solid, sober look at the camaraderie evoked by men under fire.
0.6 Despite its best intentions, We Were Soldiers is just another in a long line of graphic war movies depicted in realistic detail.
0.5 ... an incredibly heavy-handed, manipulative dud that feels all too familiar.
0.75 The road to hell is paved with the abandonment of our best ideals to the intoxicating call of manifest bloodlust.
0.5 Once you've seen it over and over and over again in the movies, there are only so many new places that a filmmaker can take us.
0.5 We Were Soldiers intends to be stirring for its entire two hour and 18 minute length, but only achieves its goal for about a third of that time.
0.75 For a guy who started as a writer, Wallace is surprisingly good at employing the visual impact of film.
0.375 Indeed, while the battle scenes aspire to the grisly ferocity of Saving Private Ryan, this war saga often elicits as many howls of laughter as growls of anguish.
0.625 ... as directed by Wallace, We Were Soldiers is not a lightning-paced, emotion-filled war movie but a turgid, platitudinous work of calendar art.
0.8 Like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the Iliad -- it balances the dreadful, unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight.
0.6 It's unfortunate that Wallace, who wrote Gibson's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor, has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue.
0.625 [H]ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang, I'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by.
0.44 Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced, false and fabricated.
0.375 Succeeds in conveying the horrors of war, the good intentions of soldiers, but little more.
0.875 We Were Soldiers' battle action is as intense and unsparing as that of Black Hawk Down, yet the movie is richer because the characters are more fully realized.
0.75 captures the chaos..., the grave danger breathing down the neck of every combatant, and especially the heroism that resulted.
0.7 Has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director Randall Wallace.
0.375 Wallace continues to render humanity via simple-minded, Asians-have-girlfriends-too philosophy.
0.875 Relying on realism and never manipulation to makes its devastating emotional impact, the movie rings as true as the death of a loved one.
0.75 A heartfelt, yet excessively maudlin, look at the Vietnamese conflict that led the U.S. into a full-blown warfare controversy.
0.75 ... Wallace shows a lazy tendency to rely on the time-tested conventions (which is the polite way of saying 'cliches') of war movies of yore.
0.8 We Were Soldiers depicts the horrors of war, but also highlights the families of those soldiers fighting in battle.
0.6 A decent war film whose biggest strength is its telling of an important story with which the public is not entirely familiar.
0.6 Wallace's emotional message and refreshingly non-demonised enemy make an effective tribute.
0.2 This preachy bio pic is a hokey take on the birdman with Lancaster being misused on every occasion.
0.8 Absorbing biopic.
0.8 Lancaster is wonderful; a tribute to the human spirit.
0.81 Lancaster's brilliant performance anchors Frankenheimer's fine film, a liberal-minded, optimistic celebration of the power of redemption.
0.93 This story of angels is really an examination of what it means to be human -- in the most profound sense but via the smallest, most trivial details.
1.0 A beautiful, literate and romantic piece of cinema.
1.0 How brilliant is Wings of Desire? Understand that Peter Falk is playing himself - that is to say, he's playing actor Peter Falk, who happened to be an angel himself until he elected to become human decades earlier.
0.8 The cinematography by Henri Alekan is simply astonishing in its spare yet lyrical quality.
1.0 How much Eurobabble are you willing to endure in exchange for a look at one of the cinema's most ravishing and compassionate screen visions?
1.0 a film of sheer visual poetry and deep emotional resonance
0.875 It's hard to think of another movie of its era that makes the viewer so fully feel like a denizen of its setting; the roving, dollying, craning camera makes angels of us all.
0.875 A gorgeous and heartbreaking look at angels in Berlin.
0.9 Depending on your tastes, you'll find the film either a beautiful, moving experience, or a slow and pretentious one.
0.93 What Wim Wenders has done in his most transcendent film is not merely praise assenting angels, but embrace descending ones - we humans - as well.
0.8 While it takes a little getting used to, Wenders' look at Heaven and Earth and the tug between living an experience instead of merely observing is pleasantly haunting.
0.9 A rich, mystical near-masterpiece.
0.8 ...a fascinating and enchanting character study and moral lesson that never preaches but gently transports you to a better place and a far more comfortable feeling about life.
0.8 Wonderfully imperfect, but a gem to those willing to follow along
0.5 Startlingly original at first, Wings of Desire is in the end damagingly overloaded.
1.0 ...philosophical while still becoming hypnotic.
0.75 ...like no movie you've ever seen. At once mesmerizing and perplexing, this is a film about love and despair and the choices mortals have in dealing with each.
1.0 The film evokes a mood of reverie, elegy and meditation.
0.875 In film after film, Karloff functioned as a wanderer in the shadow land between life and death. If the movies he inhabited sometimes were considered juvenile, the subject matter that motivated them couldn't have been more adult, more profound.
0.4 If you must, seek out the original to see nasty things happen to nasty people in a nasty film.
0.6 The remake deviates from its source material, giving something new for fans of the original to enjoy/moan about, and employ some imagination with a few of the killings.
0.6 As remakes go, Last House On The Left is at least a decent addition to the 1972 classic.
0.25 What's most disappointing about the 2009 version is that it strips all the moral ambiguity from the 1972 original of the same name.
0.7 Given my particular distaste for both remakes and rape-revenge movies, I was as surprised as anyone to find that this is a better horror movie than it probably should be.
0.4 The new version is tamer than the original but still dwells unpleasantly on the daughter's rape; this made me ill-disposed towards the ensuing scenes of violent payback.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis's remake retains its ferocious power and provocative themes, and thanks to a focused script that unfolds in real time, it ratchets up the suspense and sucks us into a remorseless cycle of violence and revenge.
0.4 This year's model, lacking any meaningful context of its own, is reactionary, conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture, more grisly grist to the multiplex mill.
0.4 A dismal reminder of just how starved Hollywood studios are for good ideas.
0.4 The narrative structure is ingenious and sexual assault is at least shown as having dramatic and human consequences of some sort, if only in the context of revenge. Wasn't the original movie enough?
0.4 This clanging cover version believes in nothing, not even its own nihilism, and the horrors it portrays leave us colder, but not wiser.
0.6 Its biggest shock is that there's much to praise, with a couple of stellar performances complementing the mounting tension and intriguingly twisting narrative.
0.6 Director Iliadis succeeds by building tension and putting everyone at unease rather than grinding out cheap shocks.
0.4 A passable, pointless remake that's as slick as it is empty.
0.3 This is not a horror, it's a thriller and as a thriller it's moderately effective but as it a film it won't leave you feeling entertained or thrilled, just a bit uncomfortable.
0.2 It has none of the underlying humanity of that other revenge thriller Eden Lake, and by the end I found the experience repulsive and deeply exploitative of its audience's worst instincts.
0.4 Predictable, pointless and pathetic.
0.6 The cast bring a level of reality to this that's surprisingly impressive.
0.4 A thought-provoking ordeal is repackaged as a middling shocker which leaves you feeling good about revenge.
0.4 Wes Craven's 1972 classic has been reworked but it has lost the edge-of-seat suspense which made the original one of the best of the genre.
0.4 Director Iliadis creates undeniably tense moments in, but the depravity is so gratuitously in-your-face that even a seasoned film critic might baulk.
0.6 As pointless remakes go, this is actually pretty good, thanks to strong performances, impressive camerawork and stylish direction.
0.4 In turning the dirt-cheap original into a glossy slice of gore-nography, Wes and director Dennis Iliadis have lost one important thing. The entire ruddy point of the exercise.
0.4 The film's nothing more than voyeuristic torture porn.
0.2 Though often well acted and at times impressively directed, the new film eliminates Craven's ugly-to-the-core visual style, tones down the violence and softens the bleakness of the original premise, yet in doing so it becomes more problematic.
0.7 This remake by Dennis Iliadis cost a great deal more than Craven's $100k and in many respects is an upgrade. What it lacks in the shock-of-the-new it makes up for with a more rounded storyline.
0.5 ... this 'Last House on the Left' doesn't have the bite of the original.
0.5 What's missing are the subversive, shocking conceits of the original.
0.7 More a thriller about family ties taken to unimaginable extremes than an attempt to engage with any real subtext.
0.25 ...a dispiriting exercise in ultra-violence that even the gorehounds will find disappointing...
0.5 A vile exercise masquarading as art.
0.4 ...just an impersonal Saturday-night revenge flick, of the sort that Michael Haneke's Funny Games (either version) eviscerated and made irrelevant.
0.75 Brutal. Graphic. Disturbing. The remake of "Last House on the Left" is all those things. And, oh yes, this adults-only story is ancient.
0.625 rectifies the original's bizarre tonal range, but also dilutes its thematic power by completely discarding the critical portrayal of vengeance as a zero-sum game
0.5 Crafted with such professionalism it might be the story of Gandhi rather than a wallow in rape, murder and the vengeance of the parents (who, true to the domestic associations of the title, dispatch the evildoers with garbage disposal and microwave oven).
0.2 Manages at once to be unpleasant and tedious.
0.7 Much less tawdry than the original, and much more harrowing.
0.4 All the slickness works against the remake because it helps to distance the audience from the unpleasantness on the screen.
0.6 Gory and violent but your inner vigilante will cheer
0.75 It presents sadism in the context of a narrative that is straightforward and believable, and for those who crave a little terror in their lives, it offers a truly unsettling experience while raising questions mundane and otherwise.
0.3 Neither a glimmer of satire nor gram of wit animates Dennis Illiadis' 109 minutes beside the lake.
0.75 An obvious improvement over its amateurish predecessor...
0.2 Shinier, but no less disgusting.
0.3 if you like rape, you'll love The Last House on the Left. The rest of America with normal sensibilities probably doesn't have the stomach for this film.
0.6 Iliadis knows a little something about mounting dread, as his slick camera work is constantly looking just past the brush for something creepy that may or may not be there. That's about as far as the praise goes for The Last House on the Left.
0.6 The Last House on the Left is alternately gross, brutal and difficult to watch. It's also arresting entertainment as its revenge tale kicks into overdrive.
0.3 There's little to set this latest Last House apart from other revenge-themed horror flicks of the past 30 years.
0.1 A shockingly mundane disappointment taken on its own and a deeply misguided refraction of the original.
0.75 The cast, although aren't A-listers, were perfect for their parts.
0.375 Do not go to this movie if you simply seek entertainment. If you're a sociologist tracking the decline of civilization over the past four decades, you're in for a night of solid research.
0.5 I was all set to give Iliadis credit for using extreme subject matter to ask smart questions about right, wrong and human nature. But then, he unleashes an unnecessary (albeit original) final scene that erases any doubt.
0.75 The action scenes are particularly gripping.
0.75 The remake is much glossier but also takes place mostly in real time, using long takes, genuinely disturbing violence and stretches with no dialogue to pin you to the story.
0.6 It must be said that The Last House on the Left is really well done, with impressive performances, masterful creation of dread and tension, perfect pacing, intense storytelling, haunting cinematography, truly sickening sound effects, and all.
0.75 A deliberate, underplayed horror movie that is truly shocking.
0.2 Repulsive and dull, together at last.
0.75 Unlike the slew of Michael Bay- produced slasher remakes, this is not an idea-free flick. And Craven (shepherding producer on this remake) believes in character. More, he believes, in engaging what the word "horror" means.
0.8 With an incredible performance by Garret Dillahunt and great supporting work by Monica Potter, Sara Paxton, Tony Goldwyn, and others, Last House is the best mainstream horror movie in a long time.
0.0 The movie means to be about how violence makes animals out of all of us, including the vengeful parents. Unfortunately, that also includes the audience.
0.5 Craven's version was sloppy and amateurish and felt like a disturbing home movie. This one feels like a Hollywood movie, like a product to be sold.
0.7 This flick is one of the most disturbing, brutal and hard-to-watch movies I have seen. It is definitely on par with the original!
0.625 Parts of The Last House on the Left are among some of the most intense you have seen in movies this year
0.6 I suspect the movie's sound designers deserve some kind of an award: thanks to them, the damage one can inflict with small appliances and a giant grudge is all too clear.
0.4 Has plenty of gore and a run-of-the-mill, unimaginative plot that feels tedious, pointless, inane and insipid.
0.7 Brutal, bloody, and bleak, The Last House on the Left is a rarity in an age of tepid remakes.
0.75 Craven himself has said that the 2009 is a marked improvement over his film and some fans I know balked at such a statement. Only the truth is they should keep repeating to themselves, 'Craven was right. Craven was right.'
0.4 While viewers left the original film shaken, disquieted and deeply disturbed, audiences here are meant to be sent out cheering over the over-the-top ways in which the bad guys are dispatched, a change that I find almost more disturbing than anything that
0.2 This is the kind of movie that prompted Michael Haneke to make Funny Games twice, and while I loathed that moralistic scold of a film, Last House almost made me concede Haneke's point.
0.0 Last House on the Left is so stomach-churningly anti-human it makes you wonder why Goldwyn...and Potter signed on.
0.625 Sure, the movie is predictable (a convenient storm causes power outages and therefore the dark house is creepily candlelit and who knows who's lurking behind the door), but it keeps its audience on edge.
0.25 Not only is it plodding and completely predictable, the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially, making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn.
0.5 This remake plods to its finale.
0.4 Just another meaningless horror movie.
0.625 First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliche. Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career.
0.5 The Last House on the Left is reverent to his original. Too bad it's not as nasty.
0.2 This remake is faithful in plot but not in spirit.
0.6 For what it is, it's effective. But lost among the bloodlust is any sense of these characters as human beings.
0.7 The remake kind of neuters the unpredictable (and sometimes wild) characters in the service of making them less ethically complicated.
0.75 Enthralling, mature and full of measured tension. The Last House on the Left is no The Virgin Spring, but it beats the pants off of its direct thirty-seven-year-old predecessor.
0.625 The Last House on the Left is the best in the latest crop of slasher remakes. Admittedly, that is faint praise.
0.6 This film...is what it is: a stark story of bloodthirstiness quenched, first by the obvious antagonists, then by sympathetic, civilized characters who avenge the atrocities that have come before.
0.625 Those viewers trapped in the film's nihilism and hoping for more can amuse themselves by looking at the film as an Aristotelian tragedy--take that, Friday the 13th remake!
0.25 Audiences with a brain cell left have only one choice: Look for the first exit on the right.
0.8 Dennis Iliadis is able to make a cult classic once told, feel relevant and terrifying all over again.
0.75 Its main goals are to shock, titillate, enrage and otherwise jolt your reflexes, which it does shrewdly and successfully.
0.625 I'm giving it a 2.5 in the silly star rating system and throwing up my hands.
0.9 A fascinating and confrontational horror film that deals with terrors a lot more chilling than some dude swinging a machete.
0.55 Morally hollow, devoid of bigger issues and discussion points.
0.5 A stylish but pointless exercise that wastes all the great talent involved.
0.75 Gone is the original's early campiness, here replaced by eye-of-the-storm calm that portends tragedy, as well as its later over-the-top grindhouse gore, now swapped for taut suspense punctuated by visceral brutality.
0.625 This film is only for those who go in with open eyes and understand what they're in for.
0.8 While at the hands of a less competent director, Last House could have been an epic failure, but Dennis Iliadis has proven to the world that he's more than capable of directing a film of this caliber - and taking it to a higher level.
0.6 This is a horror movie that illustrates the difference between cringing and feeling.
0.3 Someone somewhere will probably try to foist The Last House on the Left remake off as some sort of social commentary. Don't be fooled. It's not.
0.75 Obscurely referential, extremely indulgent, and deliriously over-the-top, Django is -- in other words -- everything you'd expect from a Tarantino joint.
0.875 It is plainly a nonstop riot of humor and excitement, and one that matches its delicate nature with an equally calculated sense of importance in leading us to the most satisfying climax possible.
0.75 Low-level Tarantino inspires exploration, but delivers little more than a blood bath.
0.5 The fear, anger and betrayal in Jackson's eyes, when Stephen feels his place is threatened, says more about the cruelties of slavery than the ultra- violent, sickening passages of "Django Unchained."
0.375 Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
0.8 Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained is a brilliant mixture of over-the-top violence and clever writing, making for the most entertaining film of 2012.
0.8 A bloody masterpiece. Funny, Thrilling, cleverly structured.
0.75 It's a testament to Foxx and Washington's talent, presence, and proven rapport that they keep the central emotional hook strongly present as their underwritten roles are continually pushed to the sidelines by Tarantino's overwriting for others.
1.0 Countless great scenes in the Tarantino universe
0.9 It's exactly what you expect from Tarantino, so if this movie finds itself challenged in any way, it's in being expected.
1.0 ...the time always flies, and Tarantino gives us a lot of movie for our money.
0.8 Tarantino's take on slavery is wildly creative, funny and frightening, true to form yet never predictable.
0.8 Tarantino is, in essence, a classicist who invests the bulk of his drama and tension in lengthy dialogue exchanges that are infinitely more compelling that his elongated sequences of cathartic violence.
0.9 Still wonderfully witty and violent sequences that only Tarantino could manage or dare.
0.875 ...compulsively watchable for the majority of its (admittedly overlong) running time...
0.73 I had a good enough time to wish that it had been better.
0.875 Part-blaxploitation film, part-spaghetti Western and all-Tarantino, 'Django Unchained' comes charging at its audiences with guns a-blazin'. It's not quite up to par with 'Reservoir Dogs' or 'Pulp Fiction,' but it's still Tarantino - enough said.
0.8 It would seem that this film's irreverence isn't a case of didn't-try-can't-fail dismissiveness, but rather something more innocuous: it's simply the world interpreted through Tarantino's boisterous perspective.
0.8 The funniest western since Blazing Saddles, the bloodiest since The Wild Bunch and the most visually stylish since The Good, The Bad & The Ugly.
0.9 Guilty of almost every indulgence [Tarantino] has ever been accused of...but it's hard to hold it against him, when the results are this bloody good
0.8 Impolitic though it might be to suggest it, there's something extremely satisfying about the violence here-though, for my money, it resides less in seeing these racist thugs get their comeuppance, than in the director's staging of it.
1.0 it's fitting that one of the greatest American filmmakers of all time is using the western and blaxploitation genres to connect the enduring blemish on the American psyche - only to set loose a bad motherf*cker to set it right.
1.0 Thrilling, stylish, funny, brutal, superbly-acted, sharply written and wonderfully offensive.
0.9 Django Unchained is a joy. It's fun and foolish, unhinged and unapologetic.
0.8 Possibly Tarantino's most thoughtful and even political film to date.
1.0 It's a big, crazy, hugely entertaining, multilayered piece of filmmaking - a fierce but fiercely intelligent testament to Tarantino's frequently questioned filmmaking proclivities and certainly among the best films he's made.
1.0 Trazendo alguns dos melhores momentos da filmografia de Tarantino, ainda culmina em um climax longo e violento que certamente levara os fas do diretor a orgasmos de sangue.
0.8 Proudly doffing its cap to Sergios Corbucci and Leone, this latest, sprawling exercise in film lore dares to tread where most other white American filmmakers would not.
0.8 Waltz anchors this film brilliantly so that Jamie Foxx as Django and the rest of the all-star cast can fit into Tarantino's latest heady mix of styles.
0.8 Tarantino's best for ages, absolutely not to be missed.
0.8 Tarantino takes an unusually comical approach to a provocative topic, and the result is as controversial as expected. And also startlingly hilarious.
0.8 Densely crammed, unmistakeably excessive Quentin Tarantino dialogue, Django Unchained is his most exciting, accessible and satisfying film for ages.
1.0 A blistering, bullet-ridden bonanza.
1.0 Who needs facts when there is great vengeance, furious anger and the path of righteousness to attend to? The magpie deserves our respect. Always. Forever.
0.8 This is Quentin Tarantino's most entertaining film since Pulp Fiction, and its first hour is brilliantly funny.
1.0 For pure movie enjoyment -- or movie geek (I plead guilty) enjoyment, if you insist -- I hadn't had this much plain fun in a while.
0.4 [A] piece of have-it-all-ways hokum ...
0.8 An arresting, both barrels blazing return to form.
0.8 Not a masterpiece, but a funny, violent, very entertaining crowdpleaser.
1.0 As in all of Tarantino's best films, there is a strange and brilliant magic at work here; a dark, bubbling alchemy of art and junk.
0.6 We're used to Tarantino's films being multi-layered with several plots going on at once, but Django Unchained is a little too simple and, dare I say, dull.
0.8 Shows Tarantino is on winning creative streak, able to engage viewers with a sharply honed script while authentically presenting unpleasant episodes from American history.
0.8 Highly recommended.
0.9 Tarantino often reminds us that film can be used as a weapon. Here he purges all that racial ugliness from the past not by asking its left-leaning audience to whoop and cheer at whitey's demise, but by having our hero do battle with screen history itself.
0.9 This is a wonderful film - it is, but once in a while someone needed to tap Q on the shoulder and tell him to ease up off the gas. A master and a genius, no doubt, but sometimes the Emperor has no clothes too.
0.8 Another strong, sparky and bloody entry in the QT canon.
0.8 If you only see one 'slavery' film this year, make it this one.
0.6 What a pity Tarantino is so busy booking cameos from old spaghetti stars and tipping his Stetson to schlock that he never unchains his most promising brainwave.
0.7 While a little overblown and overly long, a wide range of people will find at least something to like here.
0.8 Pure entertainment, a no-holds-barred dose of double-barreled escapism, built around great characters, great performances and great dialog.
1.0 A tale of empowerment that packs one hell of a cinematic punch, Django Unchained is Tarantino's epic masterpiece.
0.8 It isn't the director's best work by any means, but it retains the excitement and punch inherent in his films. Tarantino's trademark playfulness and verve Django Unchained is a lot of fun.
0.9 A revenge film best served cold.
0.8 A film bursting with pleasures great and small ...
0.875 The film's triumph is the manner in which Tarantino re-envisions cinema's selective appropriation of history and makes it entirely his own
0.7 Django Unchained is part Red Bull and part bloody bubble bath. It's a hoot and a holler.
0.8 This is pretty much exactly what you would want from a Tarantino western.
1.0 Django Unchained is Tarantino's most complete movie yet. It is also his most vital. His storytelling talents match the heft of the tale.
0.84 Tarantino's latest effort isn't his best, it is his most ambitious, and for someone capable of so much, that means quite a lot.
0.625 We're left with an overindulgent shadow of what could have been a much better film.
0.7 Django Unchained offers an embarrassment of riches (and actors in tiny cameos).
0.8 Quentin Tarantino sets his sights on the spaghetti western and delivers on the talky, ultra-violent bombast expected of him in the entertaining and confronting Django Unchained.
0.875 Tarantino's blood-soaked ambiance is perfectly in tune with the more serious undercurrents in his spectacularly enjoyable Django Unchained.
0.6 Tarantino's worst movie is only good...not great.
0.8 A fine example of unabashed bloodletting in the context of the two worst applications of capitalism in our history, bounty hunting and slavery.
0.4 Genre-movie-mad writer-director Quentin Tarantino's foray into Western World is a pretty grave disappointment.
0.7 Pure Tarantino; pure entertainment!
0.875 ... it's a Tarantino Western... people will be screaming, the blood will flow freely and be splattered about, and the explosions are unnecessarily bigger than they have to be.
1.0 he's either a genius or a savant, I don't know, but wholly without equal.
0.7 A lesser work by one of America's most ebullient auteurs.
0.75 Exciting. Funny. Gratuitous. Inflammatory. Insensitive. Stylish. Stupid. Sophisticated. Grab just about any adjective out of a hat and chances are it will apply to Tarantino's messy mashup.
1.0 Django Unchained is everything you want from a Quentin Tarantino movie, with a few new things added in. Powerful, dazzling, and insanely entertaining.
0.875 Tarantino's spaghetti western of the American South is an untamed blast of stylishly rendered, outrageous entertainment.
0.85 The sometimes cartoonish and silly violence serves a purpose: It contrasts the moments of truly disturbing violence that Tarantino puts on display, always within the context of the brutality doled out to slaves at the hands of white masters.
1.0 Slavery reimagined as a messy splatterfest where massa gets exactly what he deserves, and then some!
0.7 Though [it's] propped up by a pair of fantastic performances... it simply doesn't live up to the high standards set by his previous films.
0.9 A daffy, loopy revenge story/Western comedy, this may be Quentin Tarantino's most purely entertaining film since ... ever.
0.375 Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
0.8 Indulgent and excessive, it's Tarantino at his bloody best.
0.75 Despite a bloated running time, it still entertains with Tarantino's trademark combination of humor and violence.
1.0 The director pulls off this look at the horrors of slavery with respect for its subject. With Django Unchained, Tarantino, through his incredible, outrageously violent Spaghetti Western Superman fantasy, tells the truth.
0.5 The players are in fine form. But the movie he's embroiled them all in is a hit-and-miss affair, at times an amusing reimagining of history, more often a blood-spattered bore.
0.75 As an entertaining revenge flick with roots in exploitation films and spaghetti westerns, Django Unchained succeeds. But it never rises above its genre to become a real, affecting emotional experience.
1.0 Quentin Tarantino is seriously warped. But it's in a good way. His fertile imagination produces unique, albeit, violent and almost always, terrific movies.
1.05 If you had pulled me out of the theater one hour into Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, I would have raved. The first portion of the movie is utterly exuberant, full of life and the love of moviemaking.
1.0 Brace yourself America, Tarantino's new film "Django Unchained" is a violent, hilarious, riveting force of nature that also just so happens to be the best movie of the year.
0.7 Four or five legitimately great cinematic moments, and across-the-board strong performances, but a bit too long and slow.
0.8 a better grindhouse tribute film and spaghetti western homage than his previous two movies combined
0.75 As hellish as its moral universe may be, those whose stomachs can handle the descent will find that even in Tarantino's world-perhaps especially in his world-those moral questions still matter.
0.75 This is Tarantino's unique take on the western and it's worth seeing for that alone. While it may not be another great film like we were hoping for, it still manages to be one heck of a trip.
0.75 Django Unchained is the most brutal film Quentin Tarantino has ever made.But the movie is also exciting and ironic and, at times, explosively funny: Even at his most serious, Tarantino can't help but entertain and show you a good time.
0.6 As retreads go, Django Unchained is as much a comedown from its predecessor as Lars von Trier's Manderlay was from Dogville.
0.875 There's a case to be made that blood-spattering revenge pictures, no matter how evil the villain, are cultural poison, but if this is what it takes to [get] Don Johnson as a dyed-in-the-wool racist done up as Colonel Sanders, well, so be it.
0.625 "Django Unchained" possesses an unmistakable subversive power, its playfully insurrectionist spirit perhaps the modern-day pop-culture equivalent of far more high stakes rebellions of yore.
0.8 The name of the movie is "Django Unchained," but for all practical purposes it might as well be called "Tarantino Unleashed."
1.0 "Django Unchained" is the most consistently entertaining movie of 2012.
0.75 These characters dance a tense ballet along a razor's edge in the last third of the film, and their verbal sparring is the sound of gauntlets being thrown before things inevitably reach a bloody conclusion.
0.875 Corkscrewed, inside-out, upside-down, simultaneously clear-eyed and completely out of its mind.
1.0 It is digressive, jokey, giddily brutal and ferociously profane. But it is also a troubling and important movie about slavery and racism.
1.0 With a fearless director and his mighty pen freeing a talented cast to attack a vital theme, "Django Unchained" is damnation unleashed.
0.7 In spite of some exceptionally indulgent choices by the fan-favorite director, Django Unchained is another sharp and enjoyable Tarantino effort.
1.0 Django Unchained is pure, nonstop, blood-soaked ecstasy that is satisfying in absolutely every way.
0.9 For a film that's just shy of being three hours long, it never felt bloated; every sequence seemed to have its place, and at the right pace...
1.0 Quentin Tarantino has made a masterpiece! It's the ultimate film geek cinematic treat. It's dark, brutal, funny, compelling, engaging, exciting, expertly crafted and brilliantly conceived.
1.0 Even at 165 minutes, this is a film that speeds by and one gets a sense of Tarantino being fully energized.
0.875 Perhaps I have an askew view of the world or an odd sense of humor, but I found "Django Unchained" to be the funniest Western parody since "Blazing Saddles."
0.7 Ranges from being brilliant, controversial,talky,long and cartoonishly violent. Basically it's Tarantino at his best and worse.
1.0 Underneath all of the bluster and irony, Django Unchained mostly is a buddy film.
0.875 The late holiday season's most dizzyingly imaginative and thoroughly pleasing release, an end-of-year jewel as chock-full of sizzling performances as it is bursting with busted knee caps and spurting innards.
1.0 Jaw-dropping and eye-popping (literally, at one point), "Django Unchained" is a prime example of the glories that can result from a master filmmaker working at the peak of his powers.
0.5 It's too grueling to enjoy and too sloppy to respect.
0.9 Waltz's performance is so captivating and Tarantino's script and direction so well-paced that I hated to see it end, despite its 165 minute runtime.
0.7 ...writer/director Quentin Tarantino may have managed to deliver one of the most unflinchingly realistic depictions of slavery in the Old South to ever grace the screen. QT's vision is ugly and twisted and filled with all kinds of evil.
0.5 Quentin Tarantino has made another movie. Or, rather, Quentin Tarantino has made the same movie again.
0.875 [Tarantino] knows how to use our movie-conditioned anticipation against us. Watching his movie is like playing chess with a wiseguy friend who's always four moves ahead.
0.375 Tarantino wants Django to be a rousing yarn as well as a commentary, but the movie so revels in its carnage that his larger point is drowned in a sea of blood.
0.5 By the two-hour mark the fun had oozed out of the movie for me. It's long. Or feels it.
0.4 There is no earthly reason why Django Unchained needs to be two and three-quarter hours long, other than to indulge its director's love of digressions and monologues.
0.75 People are bound to read racist overtones into the material, but Tarantino has the consciousness of a 12-year-old boy; there's nothing more to his message here than Slavery Is Bad.
0.8 In "Django," Tarantino is a man unchained, creating his most articulate, intriguing, provoking, appalling, hilarious, exhilarating, scathing and downright entertaining film yet.
0.875 By turns dazzling, daring, gruesome and astonishingly funny.
0.875 Tarantino may be the best working director to take scenes of blood, mayhem, and gore and transform them into moments of hilarity.
0.625 It's a live-action, heads-exploding, shoot-'em-up cartoon. Sometimes it crackles, and sometimes it merely cracks.
0.625 Unfortunately, it wears out its welcome about two-thirds through, which means -- no kidding -- 45 more minutes to go.
0.875 [A] chronicle of a most reprehensible chapter in American history, seen through the amoral prism of the Spaghetti Western and drenched in blood and spit -- but mostly blood.
0.4 Tarantino almost saves his picture with his last act showdown but not quite. Getting there was a route too long, too clumsy, and just plain tedious.
0.75 May be the first Tarantino film that doesn't reinvent, transform or elevate its sources into something bracingly fresh, much less necessary.
0.875 The film gives us vintage Tarantino, a pastiche of Western, blaxploitation and Civil War-era movie tropes that's packed with his characteristically rich dialogue.
0.75 It's not much of a stretch to call Tarantino's entertainment-oriented brand of revisionist history tacky, if not deeply offensive, but the energy and audacity with which he executes it is undeniable.
0.4 A mashup of the spaghetti Western Django and '70s blaxploitation Westerns, it offers Tarantino another chance to show off his twist on history. While it worked with Inglourious Basterds, it just comes across as contrived and excessive here.
0.9 Funny, action-packed, and remarkably stylized. It's also a tad too long, containing a few scenes that should have been left on the cutting room floor, which could have resulted in a more streamlined masterpiece instead of merely a heck of a lot of fun.
0.875 Despite the way it functions as flashy entertainment, the weight of slavery can still be felt in Django Unchained.
0.75 Tarantino is clearly having a grand ol' time with Django Unchained, and so are his actors, every one of whom are more than willing to share in the writer/director's filmic vision, no matter how ghastly it may be.
0.5 ''Django Unchained'' is Tarantino at his most puerile and least inventive, the premise offering little more than cold, nasty revenge and barrels of squishing, squirting blood.
0.9 Think of it as the gore-filled antidote to the old-school melodrama of Gone With the Wind.
0.625 Even the explosive final half-hour, featuring the cartoonish flying bodies and splatterrific payback that are the director's brand, fails to provide the catharsis promised by the title.
0.75 "Django Unchained" might have been a revelation in 2005. But after Quentin Tarantino and others have spent years spoofing '60s and '70s genre movies, this mock spaghetti Western tastes like it came out of the microwave.
0.625 Tarantino could do this all day.
0.9 [It's] about racism, damn it, and it portrays that racism in all of its ugliest forms. ... Not always an easy film to watch, and it was certainly made with that purpose in mind.
0.875 It's as though Blazing Saddles has been remade by Monty Python, except Tarantino's voice remains clear ...
0.8 Just when we thought Quentin Tarantino had shown us all the cojones he has, in rides "Django Unchained."
0.9 Django Unchained is the wildest cinematic ride of the year.
0.85 Samuel L. Jackson's wicked house slave Stephen is the raison d'etre for Django Unchained. The layered and loaded Uncle Tom figure speaks to Jackson's legacy of shuckin' and deconstructin' black stereotypes with Tarantino.
0.7 Django is undoubtedly one of the most creative and striking movies of 2012, but it's also one of the most exhausting.
1.0 There has simply been no film this year that awakened, excited, and satisfied my cinematic senses as much as Django Unchained, no film that succeeded better at its own ambitions or, with one or two possible exceptions, set it sights quite so high.
0.6 Few movies have ever dared to stir such highly charged, combustible subject matter into such a cocky cocktail.
0.9 Tarantino blends the Spaghetti western genre with 70s Blaxploitation, creating an insane concoction of vengeance and thoughtfulness, tossing between the disgustingly funny and the most primal notion of violence.
0.4 I've always wondered whether Tarantino would finally grow up. But after seeing his latest spectacular, bloody mess of a movie, frankly, I don't give a damn.
0.8 Might be too much - and too bloody - for certain constitutions, but the rewards are plentiful. Be sure to hunt it down.
1.0 Incendiary and proud of it. The work of a master at the top of his game.
0.8 Perhaps not a great Tarantino film, but an extremely enjoyable one nevertheless, Django Unchained is a thoroughly excessive, gore-soaked odyssey that's blessed with outstanding performances - especially one from Leonardo DiCaprio - above all else.
0.8 Tarantino is aiming for the gut, and the sheer audacity just blows you away.
0.9 It's always so much fun to see something familiar turned into something fresh right before your eyes. Few can do it like Tarantino.
0.8 Tarantino gives us an American Spaghetti Western that's a bloody good time from start to finish.
0.875 Tarantino lives to cross the line. Is Django Unchained too much? ... It wouldn't be Tarantino otherwise.
0.9 All the Tarantino hallmarks are there: engaging story, hilarious dialogue, shocking violence and exciting musical accompaniment.
0.85 The violence, the humor, the strong language all adds up to deliver on the considerable hype that goes when a celebrated director takes on an ambitious project. Here's to your thin red line, Mr. Tarantino...we're happy to step over!
0.8 Tarantino definitely has a point to make about slavery, and it is there, but it is well hidden behind a stout curtain of fun, which is ultimately what you'll get from Django Unchained.
0.8 Vibrating with the geekery of a filmmaker off the chain, the movie plays like no other this year.
0.8 Even as one of his weaker efforts, Django Unchained still ranks higher than most of what comes out over the course of a year.
1.0 I can't wait to see this again.
1.0 Django isn't just a movie only America could make -- it's also a movie only America needs to
0.6 There's a good movie inside Django Unchained, maybe even a great one, but it hasn't been carved out of the lopsided excess.
0.625 There's an undeniable pleasure that emerges in seeing Tarantino juggle the dynamite of his ideas, even when they prematurely pop off in his face.
0.7 Whatever Django's issues, failing to deliver on its promises isn't one of them.
0.2 I died a little bit inside.
0.4 Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
0.2 Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
0.2 I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
0.5 It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
0.2 The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
0.5 Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
0.4 It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
0.4 Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
0.4 It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
0.2 A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
0.125 When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
0.7 I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
0.0 Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
0.2 Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
0.2 Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
0.5 Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
0.25 The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
0.375 It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
0.3 If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
0.4 Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
0.0 One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
0.6 For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
0.125 If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
0.5 Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
0.3 Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
0.2 Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
0.2 a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
0.625 The real world needs more dogged folks willing to tilt at windmills. But movies often don't do their stories justice, and that has happened again here.
0.625 Pimentel's persistence and eventual triumph over prejudice and discrimination is a story worth telling, if only on a shoestring.
0.625 Salawich's film is entertaining and leaves you with warm feelings from learning about this man who turned adversity into good for so many others.
0.4 If you're looking for one-dimensional, uplifting pap, Music Within fits the bill. It's watchable. Pimentel is obviously a really interesting guy, and it's a shame his tale wasn't told with a bit more flair.
0.625 ...an agreeable though entirely uneven piece of work...
0.5 Both Pimental and the audience would have been better served if his life were told as a PBS documentary.
0.625 The low-budget Music Within may not entirely work on the outside, but at its core beats a very funny, very smart and very moving heart of gold.
0.5 It hits some of the right notes, but at the wrong time and the overall effect is a song out of tune.
0.4 Second-time director Steven Sawalich's "music" presumably still resides inside him because it doesn't resound in his Music Within message movie.
0.5 Leaves no cliche unturned and has no point of view.
0.5 All inspiring stuff, but Music Within is strictly by the numbers, even down to the predictable mood-setting period soundtrack numbers
0.5 Music Within never establishes a consistent tone, going from achingly sincere to borderline farcical, often in the same scene.
0.625 A fascinating story of compassion, grit and determination.
0.5 [The filmmakers] make the common error of attempting to cover every seemingly significant moment in the man's life rather than focusing on the greatest conflicts.
0.5 Story of disabled rights activist Richard Pimentel is too much about Pimentel, too little about what he accomplished.
0.625 What bothers me is that Music Within takes an individual story, an inspiring one, yes, and then thinks that's all there is to be told.
0.625 It's everything it ought to be: right-minded, well-intentioned, compassionate. But it doesn't rise above made-for-cable public service announcement, either.
0.375 Its near impossible to even faint praise a film for having its heart in the right place when it opens with a whimsical montage about miscarriages.
0.625 A well-intentioned biopic about disability crusader Richard Pimentel that starts strong but eventually collapses under its weighty sense of responsibility.
0.5 There may be an interesting movie in all of this, but too much is filtered through the hero's voice-over narration, always a recipe for squashing the life out of a film.
0.7 We're all better off thanks to the ADA, and Music Within is a welcome addition as well.
0.5 Like a quirky poor man's version of The World According to Garp or Forrest Gump, it's hard to believe that it's actually based on the true story of a real person.
0.5 Sawalich's TV movie-grade direction isn't up to the task of enlivening material that eventually settles into a predictable, torpid narrative structure.
0.7 It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.
0.5 No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave.
0.75 [Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants.
0.4 For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship.
0.4 As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie.
0.85 We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music.
0.5 How about we put our money together and hire someone to write Levesque, Posey and White a script that doesn't feel like a USA Network action show reject?
0.2 Loyalties are tested and Scorsese ripped off until audiences may feel as if they're in a movie deathlock.
0.25 A nonsensical, thickly plotted gumbo...
0.2 Shooting for stoic, Mr. Levesque only delivers inert. And the plot devolves into a tangle of dithering story lines.
0.4 I have no idea what happened in Inside Out. None.
0.125 I can say with only a little irony that Triple H acts Parker Posey off the screen.
0.2 As bloated as its star's pectoral muscles and as lastingly resonant as any random episode of SmackDown.
0.25 Lawyer-turned-screenwriter Dylan Schaffer's script is an unhappy combination of genres, tones, too many dead stretches of people in cars and inept dialogue.
0.875 As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
1.0 Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
1.0 Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
1.0 Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
1.0 Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
0.8 It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
1.0 Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
1.0 Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
1.0 Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
0.625 Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
0.4 I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
0.8 ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
1.0 All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
0.8 Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
1.0 The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
1.0 Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
1.0 They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
0.8 It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
0.8 Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
0.9 The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
1.0 Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
0.8 Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
0.4 Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
1.0 Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
1.0 Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
0.8 Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
1.0 Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
0.8 To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
1.0 A classic that deserves its iconic status, The Graduate is the cinematic equivalent of the Simon and Garfunkel songs that make up the soundtrack -- gently subversive, wistful, not explicitly political but still very much part of the countercultural '60s.
0.75 It is a good topical movie whose time has passed, leaving it stranded in an earlier age. I give it three stars out of delight for the material it contains; to watch it today is like opening a time capsule.
0.92 It's smart, witty, and troubling all at the same time.
1.0 Few movies have communicated with such dark hilarity all the anxiety and flamboyant misery of youthful sexual initiation
0.625 On the index of quirk, this winsome indie scores quite high.
0.625 Although Rohal's goal seems to be a rich character study, the movie works best as a celebration of small-town Americana that persists well into the 21st century.
0.7 Deliberately quirky almost to the point of distraction, this offbeat comedy is an enjoyably puzzling film.
0.7 An entertaining and visually exciting film. It has an oddly meandering pace that is riddled with quirky characters in weird situations.
0.625 An understated, surrealist comedy that is more successful at being weird than funny.
0.2 Let's hope Jack Palance took the money and ran.
0.6 ...an opulent-looking production, edited to accent the two main characters.
0.3 Let's go ahead and get this out of the way because I'm sure you're dying to know: no, you shouldn't see Blitzkrieg: Escape From Stalag 69.
0.1 Much of the material is done in poor taste and reads as outright juvenile.
0.5 In this very short film ... so much comic relief feels like desperate attempts to pad an already skimpy story.
0.6 Penultimate Rathbone Holmes has its moments.
0.6 No Stiles, but dance film's 2nd is still teen fun.
0.5 retreads the original Dance pretty much completely
0.6 The dance sequences will undoubtedly shake the socks right off of ya! They're terrific, possibly even more so than those in the first film.
0.7 It's not particularly congruent, but thanks to two terrific performances and director Logan Miller's determination to make his own kind of music, Sweetwater packs one hell of a punch.
0.3 The west has never been less gritty, less pulpy than it is here, with the locale fading into the background when it should be a character in its own right.
0.25 A revenge-fantasy Western that wants to luxuriate in its B-movie roots but suffers from dull direction and an even duller central performance.
0.4 It bludgeons with intent, even dabbling in some "Deadwood"-level verbal shock-and-awe; without wit or intelligence, it's merely baroque affectation playacting at depth.
0.5 As violent act begets silly exchange begets another violent act, "Sweetwater" squanders its noteworthy resources ...
0.1 Unwatchable- one of the worst movies I've ever seen at Sundance.
0.5 Like a love for which you no longer feel the passion, the action in Denys Arcand's Le regne de la beaute takes place at a cool remove from the viewer.
0.5 Unable to recognize how sufficient the visuals themselves are, its music gets increasingly over-dramatic, epic-like.
0.625 Less interesting as a feature-length movie than it is as a filmmaking and distribution experiment
0.5 Even scarred landscapes have a harsh beauty, suitable for framing.
0.4 Though there is little here for an informed person to take issue with, the film's well-intentioned preachiness is unlikely to win over those who favor Genesis and denial over climate science.
0.875 Singer, like Tarantino, is less into mining new film themes than in re-inventing old ones. And the way he does so shows full well that there is still a bit of life in the old mob movie yet.
1.0 It's a film that demands to be watched again and again -- this is good old-fashioned pulp fiction told in the slickest 1990s style.
0.625 Give director Bryan Singer credit for providing a plot that is not resolved by an exchange of gunfire, but don't expect the movie's glib punchline to stay with you for very long.
0.875 An imaginative, entertaining crime mystery with plenty of nerve and vigor.
1.0 The then 27-year-old Bryan Singer eclipsed most other '90s crime movies with this brilliantly slippery, cerebral thriller.
1.0 It's a nerve-shredding suspense movie about corruption, a bravura actor's show full of deliciously twisted cops and robbers, and a complex riddle packed with unexpected turns.
0.875 It may ultimately make sense; no one could tell without at least four or five viewings. What is totally commanding, however, is the level of ensemble acting [and] the adroitness of the storytelling.
0.9 A masterpiece of the modern film noir genre, a terrific performance piece for everyone involved and an absolutely outstanding directorial effort.
0.875 While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Anything but usual, Singer's movie is pretty damn near untouchable. Next to this, most other crime films feel petty.
0.75 Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie's tough-guy dialogue and Bryan Singer's crisp direction give the ensemble cast every opportunity to shine, and they do.
0.25 Bryan Singer's poker face is worthless at best.
0.875 To many young film buffs, this is where film history begins and ends.
1.0 McQuarrie's script is a scurrying lizard of a yarn, scaly, swift and difficult to follow.
0.7 If ever a movie got extra points for a strong, unexpected conclusion it's The Usual Suspects.
1.0 No one is out of place or out of line here, and that is what makes the final payoff so sweet.
0.625 One of the most ingenious, unpredictable films in recent memory... and one of the biggest cheats.
1.0 It's a real dazzler -- a neo-noir hybrid of a heist and a mystery film that sucks you into a dark world where nothing is what it seems.
0.7 This movie finally isn't anything more than an intricate feat of gamesmanship, but it's still quite something to see.
0.75 It is a complex story, but I found it fun.
1.0 Fantastic ensemble crime thriller with the mystique of an underworld urban legend. A Breakout project for both Benecio Del Toro and Director Bryan Singer.
0.8 What a cast, what a script, what a movie. We need some more of these.
0.8 Good, but...movies don't come more overrated.
0.6 Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice).
0.875 The Usual Suspects loses some of its impact with subsequent viewings, but it remains a superior picture with much to enjoy beyond its unforgettable ending.
1.0 In many ways, the viewers are the mark in this audacious con game... and its brilliance is all the more impressive for it.
0.875 Intriguing well made crime drama with a nice twist in the end
0.5 The Usual Suspects has always kind of sat there, hoping that you'll love it for its twist ending.
0.8 It's not often that a movie so intriguing comes out of Hollywood, but when one does, it should be watched.
0.8 ...an entertaining crime drama; an intricately conceived puzzle play; a fragment of gangster mythology; a parody of cops-and-robbers films; an outright black comedy;
0.8 But like a tale from the Arabian Nights, told for the sheer pleasure of storytelling, this elegant puzzle not only enjoys showing off, it also has something to show.
0.875 The Usual Suspects is an accomplished synthesis of noir elements and, as such, is an entertaining entry to the genre.
0.5 After following the beckoning twists and turns, you're left trapped and more than a little disappointed for getting in so deep.
0.8 The Usual Suspects is a movie with style to burn, and, initially, that is this crime drama's most mesmerizing aspect.
0.8 The twist at the end is a corker, but crucial questions remain unanswered. What's interesting, though, is how little this intrudes on our enjoyment.
0.875 There are plenty of twists in the plot to keep you on your toes throughout the film.
0.75 This is a film that looks good, and has good actors, but the writing is really the film's strongest point.
0.5 As entertainment, the film is a lukewarm experience. But as a piece of construction, The Usual Suspects is a slick bit of business.
0.8 All the actors nail their parts with ultra-cool finesse, and just listening to Del Toro mumble his lines is worth the cost of the ticket alone. Singer's direction is also completely on target.
0.625 Director Bryan Singer gives his film enough surface flash to entertain future late-night cable possibilities.
0.75 The interaction of all the characters is both fascinating and unusual.
0.375 Once again, my comprehension began to slip, and finally I wrote down: 'To the degree that I do understand, I don't care.'
0.625 The screenplay from Jez and John-Henry Butterworth inserts some actual discussion of his songwriting and groove technique, giving the man credit for virtually inventing the funk.
0.68 The film's relative lack of any actual drama in the narrative is ultimately the result of a biographical approach too dedicated to flattery.
0.7 The production numbers steal the show.
0.8 So convincing is Chadwick Boseman's performance that one would think the spirit of James Brown itself jumped into Boseman's skin, such are the supernatural heights he achieves.
0.7 Chadwick Boseman is charismatic as Brown - a violent, manipulative perfectionist who is emotionally disconnected from those around him.
0.8 Magically, unexpectedly, most funkily, Get on Up feels fresh and crisp as the Godfather of Soul's keenest moves.
0.8 It's stirring scattershot stuff, made with a fine eye for period detail and an evident passion for the music, which remains the driving force throughout.
0.8 The film tapers off in its final reel, ending on a conventional note -- but not before it has done its best to capture its subject in all his manic and absurd glory.
0.8 Director Tate Taylor's electrifying, energised portrait of James Brown rapidly takes a left turn away from formula via the musician's colourful brush with rock bottom.
0.7 With an appropriately jarring sense of energy, this James Brown biopic acutely captures the Godfather of Soul's iconic musical talents, although the fragmented script undermines any emotional kick in his story.
0.6 A sanitised version of events that focuses on fame rather than notoriety.
0.4 There's more drama in one track from Live at the Apollo than 139 long minutes of this.
0.6 There are rich sequences here tackling both Brown's phenomenal musicianship and importance to the black consciousness of '60s America.
0.8 Exhaustive biography this is not. But in focusing on Brown's rise and heyday and with Boseman faultlessly capturing his groove, you can't fail to have yourself a funky time.
0.4 The music gives you some big, sugar-rush moments, but it's a disappointing response to one of pop culture's most brilliant and complicated figures.
0.8 Energising, stylish and engrossing, although its scattershot chronology and egocentric approach might not be to everyone;s taste.
0.6 Boseman's performance comes bounding in with such wicked attitude, and such a showman's determination to give us a good time, it's hard to harbour regrets for long.
0.8 This film is eccentric, extravagant, and electrifying.
0.8 Boseman - who played baseball legend Jackie Robinson in '42 - does everything right.
0.8 Chadwick Boseman is absolutely electric as the centrepiece of Tate Taylor's James Brown biopic.
0.6 Punctuated with musical set pieces that are among the best ever created for the screen.
0.9 This is not an impression. This IS James Brown.
0.75 A largely successful attempt to present the life story of the impenetrable and eccentric genius of funk in a way that respects Brown's memory and experiments with the biopic formula while also entertaining a mainstream audience.
1.0 no ordinary bio-pic. It is as kinetic and as kaleidoscopic as the radical new approach to music Brown introduced.
0.6 Swingin' but scrambled biopic that never quite finds its rhythm.
0.75 In Boseman's hands - and his feet, and his entire body, for that matter - he demands and earns our attention.
0.9 This is the way that a biopic of a music legend should be brought to screen...full of music with Chadwick Boseman giving an award-quality performance lip-syncing to the iconic voice of James Brown.
0.625 A nostalgic indulgence which, like the cinematic equivalent of a fluffy fanzine, eschews serious criticism of a revered icon in favor of a pleasant parade of his most memorable classics.
0.75 Papa's got a secondhand bag? ... As self-consciously arty and formulaic as it sometimes is, the film stays with you thanks to Chadwick Boseman's shrewd, powerhouse performance ...
0.4 Chadwick Boseman delivers a precise impersonation of Brown's gravelly voice and eccentric moves, and even lends emotional weight to the few scenes that deserve it. However, his role feels more like a series of bullet points than an organic character.
0.875 Sometimes the star outshines the screenplay.
0.625 Chadwick Boseman is so formidable that, were the film itself just a bit better, he would eventually be basking in the same sort of year-end accolades that greeted Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles and Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny Cash. Who knows, he may yet.
0.8 Chadwick Boseman steals the show in this electric look at the unforgettable life of James Brown.
0.7 Get on Up has elements of greatness but ends up being just one step above a standard musician biopic - as result of its fairly derivative narrative
0.7 Somewhat sanitized and over-directed biopic saved by Boseman's electric performance.
0.6 It's difficult to dislike a film that begins with late-model, track-suited James Brown... delivering a monologue on matters of self-determination and the pleasure of bowel movements in the privacy of one's own toilet.
0.78 Reflective of James Brown's invigorating, transcendent music, Tate Taylor's Get on Up blares and bangs its way through the iconic soul singer's life, kept on beat by star Chadwick Boseman's explosive energy.
1.0 The twins playing the pre-teen Brown (Jamarion and Jordan Scott) do a sweet job of understating the pain in the childhood of the superstar-to-be, and Boseman carries the rest with a mix of pure talent, confidence, magnetism and rage.
0.5 We get a lot of what happened to James Brown without a lot of who he was, or even really why he mattered.
0.8 Entertaining, somewhat overlong biopic has edgy material.
0.375 The jumbled "Get On Up" can't touch the star it purports to represent.
0.625 The movie does a good job convincing us of Brown's genius, but it does little to put anything at stake.
0.5 Entertaining but Brown's life is glossed over to the point that he's barely more three dimensional than he was in the old Eddie Murphy SNL sketches.
0.5 It just wants to play some of the big hits you love while ticking off a checklist of standard biopic milestones.
0.75 It's as if Brown's life was one long groove, and he always stayed deep in the pocket no matter where he was.
0.75 Thrives on a thrilling soundtrack, a doozy of a yarn and Chadwick Boseman's dynamite-powered portrayal of Brown.
0.6 Unfolding with a hyperactive but magnetic sense of momentum, Get on Up does, indeed, get on up, scene after scene.
0.625 A well-acted entertainment that's highly respectful of the story it has to tell. It's disjointed but fun to watch.
0.6 It's one of the year's truly outstanding performances, even if the movie never quite penetrates Brown's rhino-rough hide.
0.8 With a shaky, distracting narrative, the film has a number of flaws, but Boseman's ferocious, fearless take on one of the most influential musicians of all time is the best cinematic equivalent to a one-man show you'll see all year.
0.7 ...it can't distract us from how familiar the story feels, even if you know nothing at all about Brown. What makes the film worth seeing are the two lead performances.
1.05 'Get On Up' has Chadwick Boseman going for it, who is thoroughly convincing as the Godfather of Soul
0.625 Whatever failings the film may have, none can be laid at the feet of lead actor Chadwick Boseman, whose performance is phenomenal.
0.375 "Get on Up" turns Brown's life into an even bigger mess.
0.5 Chadwick Boseman has done right by James Brown in Get On Up; it's a shame the movie isn't worthy of either of them.
0.875 Unexpectedly buoyant; it skims over a life as if tunefully improvising, touching just the right note here and there.
1.0 A movie that conducts the crackling electricity of Brown's music with a heat and swagger and verve that rivals the achievement of what Taylor Hackford's Ray brought off 10 years ago.
0.4 It will please no one, but at least it tried not to be dull.
0.8 Sharp storytelling and direction take us inside, outside and all around Brown, across a span of nearly six decades---and through it all, we see, hear and feel the rhythm, music and grooves and drove him forward.
0.7 a danceable delight
0.75 A messy, qualified triumph that even at 138 minutes makes an incomplete case for Brown's meaning to American life and culture, but a triumph nevertheless.
0.8 Get On Up revels in the energy of James Brown, as played with intense concentration and excitement by Chadwick Boseman.
0.875 "Get on Up" is loud, proud, funky, soulful, sweaty, emphatic and sometimes a little hard to understand, just like its subject, James Brown.
0.75 If Chadwick Boseman's turn as Jackie Robinson last year in "42" made him a star, his flashy performance in James Brown biopic "Get On Up" adds another layer of shine.
0.75 To play James Brown, the Godfather of Soul, in Get On Up, cautious just won't cut it. No worries. Boseman tears into the role like a man possessed. You can't take your eyes off him.
0.875 Like most biopics, "Get On Up" is flawed, but once Boseman takes the stage, his re-creation ... makes you forget the little that is wrong with the film and just concentrate on enjoying the spectacle.
0.75 There's an emotional logic to this structure, though, which envisions the late Brown's life as a series of moments of unmitigated ego and irresolvable pain.
0.875 The hardest-working musical biopic in show business.
0.7 This "brand new bag" of a biopic is coursing with energy thanks to an electric, rousing performance by Boseman that simply must be seen.
0.75 There's more than enough here to recommend it, especially when you factor in Boseman's skillful portrayal and a phenomenal soundtrack that reminds you just how much of a musical genius Brown truly was.
0.6 The story line is too slight... but thanks to a showstopping performance by Chadwick Boseman, Get on Up is quite entertaining.
0.75 These kinds of Hollywood pop stardom portraits usually flop or fly based on their casts and the ebullience of their musical scenes. "Get on Up" wins on both fronts.
0.875 Everything about "Get on Up," a provocatively structured and unusually rich musical biopic, is a little better, a little less formula-bound, a little sharper than the average specimen in this genre.
0.75 It's hard not to feel good while watching Chadwick Boseman exuberantly disappear into the role of the Godfather of Soul.
0.85 The movie we imagine it should be, crackling across the screen with a beat you can damn near dance to.
0.6 Yet the energy never flags, the film conveys a deep love of Brown's music (which fills almost every scene), and Boseman remains magnetic whether onstage or in quiet moments...
0.875 One funk-tastic musical biopic.
0.7 Boseman nails Brown's idiosyncratic style of speaking, and, although no one is Brown, he has some pretty swell dance moves.
0.625 Boseman's performance nearly makes up for the movie.
0.625 Get On Up delivers the funk, which Brown himself would tell you never dies.
0.5 Get on Up is full of standard-issue biopic moments, but they're played slightly out of order, with a fractured chronology that's more confusing than illuminating.
1.0 Get on out to 'Get on Up', a superb and edgy biopic of the Godfather Of Soul, James Brown. Chadwick Boseman is possessed by the spirit and demons of the man and may be Oscar bound.
0.75 Taylor deserves much of the credit for capturing the magic of Brown as entertainer, but just as much credit must go to Boseman, who not only re-creates Brown's explosive stage moves, but dominates every other scene he's in.
0.85 A thoroughly entertaining film.
0.8 You have to see this thing.
0.4 Chadwick Boseman throws everything he has into his performance as the man who threw everything he had into his performance
0.8 Like Brown, the movie is dynamic and entertaining as hell.
0.5 To put music and race aside, and then try to tell the story of James Brown, is to climb into the ring with both hands tied behind your back.
0.875 A movie of uncompromising soul, unadulterated funk and unalloyed joy
0.5 As if taking a cue from its own title, the movie emphatically sets its sights on the upward trajectory of Brown's career.
0.6 A sensational, swaggering performance by Chadwick Boseman keeps the funk alive and lifts Get On Up from the tired biopic formula.
0.8 Hopkins' joyous romp is a little slow for kids.
0.875 Ambushing audiences isn't easy for an actor like Anthony Hopkins, from whom we've come to expect shouting routines. But he propels this biopic past familiar fish-out-of-water beats with a vibrant, wily, unpredictable joie de vivre not seen since "Nixon."
0.7 It's hard not to like Hopkins' Burt Munro, which means it's hard not to like The World's Fastest Indian.
0.6 It creaks and splutters all the way, but Hopkins' charm keeps it chugging along steadily.
0.75 Hopkins presides as such an engaging old coot, it seems criminal to point out flaws in the film -- which rarely tries to be more than a Kiwi version of 'The Straight Story.'
0.8 A wonderfully uplifting and charming biopic that's sure to win over all but the most mean-spirited. And the motorbike races really rocket, too.
0.8 A real family treat.
0.7 Essentially this oddly engaging -- sometimes just downright odd -- little movie is a feel-good sports movie for the art-house crowd.
0.4 There's a compelling last act, with Munro burning his hands and bleeding to keep his bike alive for a record run. But it's a long wait 'til then.
0.75 Seeing the usually elegant Hopkins with unkempt hair and grease under his fingernails is truly a sight to behold.
1.0 Like The Straight Story, only faster - this is an enjoyable, heartwarming feel-good drama with a terrific performance from Hopkins.
0.9 An eccentric man meets an eccentric dream -- and the result is an oddball delight of a motion picture.
0.75 Its lousy title notwithstanding, 'Indian is a winning character study of a crusty curmudgeon, played to the handlebars by Anthony Hopkins.
0.625 The World's Fastest Indian brings a simplified, implausible and often untrue version of a story worth hearing, but I recommend it to anyone who needs proof that people past 60 have dreams, skills and/or sex lives.
0.875 A film for anyone who likes to walk away from the theater inspired.
0.75 Surprisingly, Donaldson makes this movie about a speed demon work by adopting the philosophy of the tortoise, not the hare: Slow and steady wins the race.
0.85 ...you have to like a movie that so perniciously resists genrification, that seems at once so odd and strange and tender.
0.625 Yet another uplifting movie inspired by a true incident.
0.625 The laid-back result may not set any land speed records, but it is heck on wheels.
0.5 ...basically this is Days of Thunder crossed with Pee-Wee's Big Adventure.
0.75 You'll be glad you came along for the ride ...
0.8 The movie really isn't about land-speed records, and it isn't about motorcycles. Instead, it's about a man following his dream and not taking no for an answer.
0.6 An affectionate portrait of a real-life Kiwi record breaker that took director Roger Donaldson 30 years to bring to the screen.
1.0 Hopkins' performance seems to embody the heart and sole of the man, the character, and the legend.
0.6 This fluffy outsider meringue is downright impossible not to swallow.
0.625 Runs on a rich performance by Hopkins ... Despite a few speed bumps, you can just sit back and enjoy the ride.
0.5 Donaldson never raises the stakes high enough for the audience to empathize with Munro, just to be amused by him.
0.75 Roger Donaldson crafts his little-movie-that-could with an eye towards maximum inspiration.
0.9 A welcome relief from the onslaught of feel-good Disney "based on a true story" sports flicks that have begun to wear out their welcome.
0.75 Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that stands among his best, and the film has a quiet, straightforward style of storytelling that appealed to me.
0.5 Hopkins is unable to raise this movie above its flat, featureless plot.
0.8 Anthony Hopkins is so endearing in this film that you can't help being charmed by his character and the story, even if you don't care about land speed records.
0.5 For a film that's ultimately about speed, it could use a little more zip.
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian might be the world's worst title for a charming, slice-of-life biopic starring Anthony Hopkins.
0.875 The World's Fastest Indian is a total charmer, one of those salt-of-life stories drawn from fact, inflected by humor and given robust respect by all involved.
0.8 The World's Fastest Indian is an old-fashioned feel-good movie.
0.625 The World's Fastest Indian is lightweight stuff, but despite the cliches it's an enjoyable ride.
0.75 The film may be cutesy-poo for some tastes, and there isn't much nail-chewing suspense in Burt's pursuit or his lighthearted subjugation of everyone he meets. But man and "motor-sickle" sneaked up and beguiled me, so all I could do was hop on.
0.75 Without apology, Munro's story has been embellished and romanticized right to the edge of cornball, where it manages to make a hairpin turn and restore its balance.
0.875 Like the 1920 Indian motorcycle that Munro races, the film sputters a bit as it starts out. But it slowly gains speed and momentum, earning a kinship to David Lynch's similarly winning and low-key film The Straight Story (1999).
0.625 The inspirational road picture The World's Fastest Indian hitches a ride on the charm of its star, Anthony Hopkins.
0.625 History dictates that you know how the story ends. Still, the heart beats no less fast when you watch Munro's Indian rocketing across those salt flats. You can see how it might be enough to justify a journey halfway around the world.
0.95 Doesn't attempt to cram a ray of sunshine up your keister and manages to tell a truly inspiring story nonetheless. Hopkins is great.
0.75 Hopkins' performance, more sprightly and less self-conscious than you would expect from a 68-year-old actor with a knighthood, embodies Munro's bubbly enthusiasm for speed.
0.75 Donaldson lets Hopkins be the twinkly, cute old man, without turning this into a Kiwi version of Miracle on 34th Street.
0.5 The film is so languid that at times you may find yourself wishing that Hopkins would eat someone's liver.
0.75 I imagine a double feature of this and Glory Road could even make Chuck Norris cry
0.75 Hopkins is up to the task, and it's his most fully rounded performance in years.
1.0 The inspiring true story The World's Fastest Indian should be mandatory viewing for anyone who has ever said, 'I'm getting too old for this.'
0.6 There also are plenty of nuts-and-bolts references to satisfy those interested in racing, whether on two wheels or four. The movie features some funny moments, such as when Munro makes his own pistons and then brews tea from the cooling-barrel water.
0.5 You could go see The World's Fastest Indian, or you could pick up one of those tiny, inspirational books they sell at the check-out stands of mega-bookstores. Same diff.
0.75 Writer-director Roger Donaldson's two-hour-plus film is a sterling valentine to real-life eccentricity, personal dedication and nuts-and-bolts ingenuity.
0.75 You'd need to have a wheel loose not to be inspired by a man whose fearless dedication teaches everyone he meets to just enjoy the ride.
0.875 These days, when movies often fatuously exploit youth and condescend to age, it's refreshing to see something like Roger Donaldson's picaresque action movie The World's Fastest Indian.
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian is a movie about an old coot and his motorcycle, yes, but it is also about a kind of heroism that has gone out of style.
0.875 You thought you knew Anthony Hopkins, but you haven't seen nothin' until you've experienced the man doing a celebratory jig or straddling a crotch rocket down the coast at high speeds.
0.625 First, this Indian is a motorcyle. Second, while ironically a little slow in places and schmaltzy at times too; the cinematography/acting/script are warm, and sound top notch.
0.8 Hopkins' delightful performance as the eccentric Burt Munro is the true heart and soul of this highly enjoyable film.
0.875 You should set your own land speed record to see this crowd-pleaser of a production.
0.5 Even a nice chianti couldn't help you wash down this lump of tear-jerking twaddle.
0.6 Personal film projects about which directors feel passionate about don't necessarily result in good films as is evident in this manipulative and schmaltzy inspirational fairy tale.
0.6 The film provides two hours of pleasant entertainment and like an old pair of slippers feels comfortable and familiar even if the soles have worn out long ago.
0.8 ...an extraordinary performance by Anthony Hopkins from a brilliant script by director Roger Donaldson.
0.7 A crowdpleaser with some pacing issues.
0.7 Anthony Hopkins plays a New Zealander grease monkey who soups up an obsolete motorcycle to make it a contender for land speed records. By rights this film should not work, but Hopkins and Kiwi charm pull it off.
0.9 Anthony Hopkins channels Steve McQueen as his sly, warm, quirky charm elevates this cheery curmudgeon's journey to an endearing, spiritual odyssey.
0.5 They're oh, so cute that it's almost enough to make you puke.
0.7 A hodgepodge of mega-tired genres that, despite all odds, still manages to work and work well.
0.55 It's [Hopkin's take-it-or-leave-it] attitude that undercuts the hokum and preciousness, though just barely.
0.8 Anthony Hopkins recreates a mechanical miracle in taking a 1920 motorcycle to 201 mph in the biopic of New Zealand's motorcycle saint Burt Munro.
0.7 Combines two genres--triumphing underdog and road movie--which are involving and entertaining, albeit rather predictable.
0.625 It's a different approach to drama, I'll give it that. But it's not a very dramatic one.
0.7 Though the movie may be quaint and at times overly familiar, it achieves its goal of being inspiring while portraying a man's singular pursuit of excellence.
0.875 Hopkins resists his inclination to overplay and turns out one of his most endearing performances in years.
0.75 Hopkins' larger-than-life performance as the crusty and crafty Burt rivets your attention for two solid hours in this most entertaining labor of love.
0.7 makes no undue demands of the viewer... never overplays the conflicts in Munro's life
0.75 The World's Fastest Indian does what it sets out to do: educates about a mostly unknown historical figure (without doctoring the facts too much), entertains, and uplifts.
0.625 If you've not jumped onto the daisy chain of Burt Munro cheerleaders by the film's siss-boom-bah climax, you'll probably end up toasting in the holidays with the Ghost of Christmas Past.
0.6 This based-on-fact story of a New Zealand coot who defies age by racing his motorcycle competitively is a big mushy piece of ice cream cake for Anthony Hopkins.
0.375 There's no moment during this true-life Little Codger That Could tale that doesn't drip with unabashedly calculated schmaltz.
0.43 Donaldson's ham-fisted direction leads to multiple soppy, cringe-inducing moments (Burt talking about his brother Ernie takes the cake).
0.7 The handy parade of enablers for an old, personable traveler smacks of fantasy, but his devotion to achievement will make you root for the outcome.
0.8 An enthusiastic man from New Zealand proves that age is no impediment toward fulfilling his dreams.
0.25 No mystery why Hopkins climbed on board, the only mystery is why anyone else did.
0.5 The twin novelties of Sir Anthony Hopkins racing a motorcycle and speaking in a Kiwi dialect make The World's Fastest Indian worth seeing -- just barely.
0.6 Yes, it's well-made schmaltz, but that's not a bad thing.
0.8 With all due respect to the dozen or so guys sharing the latest Expendables marquee, Liam Neeson is the poster child for AARP badasses.
0.81 Frank's film is much more of a noir outing than a straight action feature, and Neeson slips right into the tone and feel of the hard-boiled detective offering.
0.7 It's a feel-bad crime movie all around, one predicated on the fact that crime leaves real victims. Don't let the weapon on the poster fool you. This isn't Taken. It's a dark cellar, and your eyes may need time to adjust.
0.5 For all of the backstory and the marginal characters, A Walk Among the Tombstones feels too much like a week spent watching CBS crime procedurals that take themselves way too seriously.
0.625 There's a lot to like in this movie. This is why it's such a shame that the whole thing was ruined by a few minutes of footage.
0.7 This very strong thriller is the best thing Neeson has been involved with for years.
0.5 While we're waiting for the release of Taken 3, the man who was Oskar Schindler is keeping us in an action hero frame of mind with the moody-but-essentially-empty A Walk Among the Tombstones.
0.8 The film gives Neeson a chance to play a type of character that almost feels archaic in an age of superheroes and indestructible action heroes. A Walk Among the Tombstones proves the gumshoe still has legs.
0.8 The film creates few welcome tensions, between what you recognize and what you don't, between what Scudder must know and what he confronts in a couple of suspects, can be unnerving.
0.75 This smart, lean, tough and, yeah, talky flick has been very shrewdly and knowingly directed/adapted by Scott Frank (who wrote The Wolverine), who knows the noir conventions -- rain, melancholy, tough, doomed characters, paranoid plotting.
0.75 A gritty, old-school detective story, A Walk Among the Tombstones is an above-average excuse to watch Liam Neeson load handguns, kick down doors, and grill bad guys in a questionable American accent.
0.75 Liam Neeson reminds that he can be just as captivating to watch creating a complex character as he is beating bad guys up.
0.875 Rough-hewn and weary, Liam Neeson brings his very particular set of acting skills to the role of Matthew Scudder in this dark mystery thriller...
0.625 The picture's apparently deeply held belief in its significance ultimately serves as its undoing.
0.6 Walk Among the Tombstones is the latest gritty action film to be fashioned around Liam Neeson's undeniably powerful - and some would say inexplicable - persona as a laconic angel of vengeance.
0.7 I love Liam Neeson's presence and there is a sardonic weight to him.
0.5 It's odd to find a movie in which drug traffickers are, if not good guys, at least sympathetic victims of crimes that are even worse.
0.7 For all its slick contemporary surface and fashionably nasty trimmings it's really a throwback to the age of 1940s noir.
0.625 ...A Walk Among the Tombstones opens with an engrossing stretch that effectively establishes the central character and his latest case...
0.6 A relatively old school private eye drama that maintains attention without leaving a lasting impression.
0.6 Neeson virtually ensures the quality of most of what he's in.
0.7 Some may find [it] an ugly film, but it keeps coming back to the humanity, of these characters, and the idea of how people can go astray when they're trying to hold on to it. There's no easy pleasure to succumb to, but the movie is genuinely satisfying.
0.5 There doesn't seem to be many layers to unearth in this dour and grizzled adaptation of Lawrence Block's 1992 crime novel.
0.6 Although bogged down by too many plot points, A Walk Among the Tombstones works as a gritty crime thriller that features a refreshingly compelling Liam Neeson as a reluctant man of violence ensconced in a violent world.
0.75 Liam Neeson is rescuing kidnapped girls again, but this time in a darker, moodier film.
0.5 "A Walk Among the Tombstones" is, plain and simple, a Liam Neeson movie.
0.625 What&rsquo;s best about A Walk Among the Tombstones is atmospheric...What&rsquo;s worst about the film is its sense of generic luridness...
0.64 Despite a visually interesting, but ultimately brutal, opening credit sequence, the film devolves into a conventional detective mystery that quickly becomes long in the tooth.
0.6 Only Liam Neeson can wear a brown corduroy car-coat with such menace or give off such world-weary ennui just before going into action. A Walk Among the Tombstones is one of his better films in a while, certainly compared to the Taken series.
0.67 While the story is unexpectedly simple and occasionally revolting, Neeson's performance and Frank's direction tend to override Tombstones' more obvious flaws.
0.6 While neither genre breaking nor a 2014 standout film, Liam Neeson nonetheless makes you want him yet again as your dad.
0.2 The biggest surprise is the fact that, even after all this time, Neeson still can't do a decent American accent.
0.75 If this is your kind of movie, it's hard to find one better made.
0.5 Fierce and ferocious, it's filled with offensive scenes depicting graphic torture and grisly mutilation of women.
0.625 A Walk Among the Tombstones certainly isn't bad, and it will make an excellent Netflix streaming option on some chilly Saturday night in the near future.
0.6 There are abductions at the heart of Scott Frank's picture. We are, however, looking at something just a little more measured than the average Neeson punch-up.
0.4 A Walk Among the Tombstones is your standard, traditional Noir flick; in other words, it feels pretty dated.
0.7 No wild plot twists or elaborate genre deconstructions, just good old-fashioned sleuthing and gritty New York ambiance par excellence.
0.6 Like a good crime novelist, Frank doesn't necessarily bring anything new to the genre, but he gives it a fresh presentation, telling the story with enthusiasm and skill.
0.4 A fair amount of unintentional amusement aside, there's little here to enjoy.
0.7 Neeson's latest effort, A Walk Among The Tombstones, is slightly more subdued than his average shoot-'em-up, but no less gruffly satisfying.
0.8 With a pace that can only be described as a slow crawl to excellence and methodical storytelling, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a riveting thriller that allows its audience to unravel the mystery right along with the title character.
0.6 A Walk Among the Tombstones is no cerebral cop drama, and promptly settles down into a formulaic but perfectly watchable psycho-thriller.
0.4 The film portrays grimy, late-1990s Brooklyn in atmospheric fashion, throwing in shots of run-down tenements, graffiti-strewn walls, disused parking lots and sprawling cemeteries. The plotting is less assured.
0.8 Liam Neeson is a cynical gumshoe tasked with finding out who killed a kidnap victim in this enjoyably nasty thriller, adapted from Lawrence Block's book.
0.7 This is a stylish and smart thriller.
0.6 A Walk Among the Tombstones is a bit too methodical in the delivery, but is mysterious enough to hold your attention throughout.
1.0 A nail-chewing, intense and chilling thriller as riveting as Silence of the Lambs.
0.6 The title helps set the creepy stage right off the bat, and the opening credits--which play over a "dreamy" scene that you slowly realize is actually a nightmare--hit you like a punch to the gut.
0.875 Besides being a dynamite thriller, it gives something not insubstantial as an extra.
0.625 Neeson is the best at portraying morally righteous annoyance
0.625 Overplotted and underexplained ...
0.75 It has the steady pace of a police procedural, with a flawed but noble hero and the colorful lowlifes that populate any hard-boiled mystery scribe's world.
0.625 Frank ... keeps things tense enough that we may not have time to notice one or two failings in the script.
0.65 Action fans can rest easy with the knowledge that TOMBSTONES isn't some kind of existential drama. This is also one of its weaknesses.
0.625 The movie doesn't dig into Scudder's character until the final act...
0.6 Neeson has found his niche as latter-day action hero, which infuses a genre outing such as A Walk Among the Tombstones with all the necessary Neeson grit.
0.8 Almost annually since his breakout hit, Taken, in 2008, Neeson has come out with a terrific thriller and this one does not disappoint, highlighted by high tension and outstanding gritty cinematography of Brooklyn.
0.75 Slow and Steady Perfect for "Tombstone."
0.7 a somewhat decent thrill ride
0.6 With the combo of Neeson's natural solemnity and his action chops, "Tombstones" treads compellingly amongst lesser thrillers.
0.875 A solid entry into the film noir genre.
0.375 "A Walk Among the Tombstones" feels like one of its villains: spiteful, sadistic and amoral.
0.4 [A] reductive, bone-headed detective yarn ...
0.375 Liam Neeson has a particular set of skills, but choosing worthwhile projects is no longer one of them.
0.5 With luck, Matt Scudder will return - with more of the same patter, and much less splatter.
0.6 There are plenty of virtues in Tombstones but director Scott Frank just lacks the flair to bring them together and make the film feel distinctive.
0.4 Apart from the runtime there's little to distinguish this from an episode of any run-of-the-mill TV cop drama.
0.8 A largely unheralded contender for 2014's top thriller.
0.6 Like Scudder, Tombstones is quiet, unpretentious and ultimately pretty effective.
0.6 If it's still a Liam Neeson movie, it's one that broadens the genre's range just enough to not completely rework it.
0.6 Scott Frank's atmospheric thriller is a step up from Neeson's usual shoot-'em-ups. Not a giant leap, but a step up nonetheless.
0.75 Neeson has so much audience good will at this point that he (almost) can do no wrong. He's very good as Scudder, and with luck (and good box office), this could be the start of a series.
0.9 A termite-art thriller that burrows in and stays with you, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a story about murder that makes you truly think about life.
0.4 Tombstones is less homage than a cliched retread of the tried and true. Like this post-booze ex-cop, we've already been here and done that, to death.
0.625 Audiences ... will be drawn to a more soulful Neeson as a downtrodden gumshoe with a strong sense of decency and dark streak of humor.
0.4 This generic, hackneyed film noir - with a frustratingly inconsistent tone - means we may have to wait a while longer for a triumphant adaptation of Lawrence Block's popular literary creation Matthew Scudder.
0.5 They don't make 'em like "A Walk Among the Tombstones" any more. Mainly because everyone got bored with 'em and stopped watching 'em.
0.4 What is the point of all this nastiness? Well, of course, there is none.
0.625 I found myself wishing this "Walk" would end far sooner than it did - but that we could follow Leeson's Scudder into another story.
0.5 Neeson is no more "Taken" with this limp and jokey "Man with Particular Skills" thriller than we are.
0.7 A Walk Among The Tombstones is a hauntingly criminal winner featuring some of Liam Neeson's most memorable work in years - hard-boiled and gritty in all the right ways.
0.68 Although the overall tone of "A Walk Among the Tombstones" takes itself too seriously, it's always great to see Liam Neeson threaten a baddie on the phone. Thankfully, the rest of the movie doesn't suck, either.
0.7 It excels at being a dark, gritty tale of vengeance...and it's at least something to get the fall movie season back on track.
0.4 With references to Philip Marlowe and discussion of what it takes to make a good detective it's clear Frank intends Scudder to become a household name but, given this dodgy effort, that may never happen.
0.7 I'd rather see Neeson spend his time cranking out more like this instead of making Taken 4: Dawn of Taken
0.4 Think 'Taken' meets 'Taggart', only not as much fun.
0.8 Nobody can call this Taken In A Graveyard. Matt Scudder is Neeson's most intriguing role in years.
0.6 While there are shades of Neeson's avenging angel in the Taken franchise, this is a different, more challenging proposition for the actor.
0.55 The preponderance of private detective cliches gets in the way of an otherwise interesting foray into the odious garbage disposals of the soul.
0.375 All of Scott Frank's thematic concerns are little more than window dressing for a run-of-the-mill detective story in line with '90s thrillers like The Bone Collector.
0.6 Exciting, in places, though a stranger to subtlety, it ticks all the genre boxes, but there's something about its knowing noirisms that feels superficial rather than soaked-in.
0.8 Like a good butcher's cleaver, it's weighty, solid and sharp - an effective matching of director and star in what is hopefully the first of a new film series.
1.0 Jires' exceptional and sometimes incongruent damnation of his homeland is in turns mournful, furious, conflicted, and resolved to failure, but it's never less than moving.
0.4 The best that can be said about it is that Kevin Kline is note perfect as the smarmy, scheming Chief Inspector Dreyfus and his undisguised contempt for Clouseau.
0.66 I hope nobody misunderstands when I say: Steve Martin, you are no Peter Sellers. And while I'm at it; Shawn Levy, you are no Blake Edwards.
0.25 Without a whit of subtlety, this tired retread induces nary a laugh, only groans of disbelief that we're expected to find such a sorry string of dumb puns, infantile farts, awful accents and endless pratfalls funny.
0.5 Perhaps it's time to admit that The Pink Panther series is ready for permanent retirement.
0.625 ...a slight yet sporadically hilarious update of the classic Peter Sellers/Blake Edwards film series.
0.6 For now, though it's a mixed blessing, this seems like the movie Martin deserves.
0.6 Ciente de que Peter Sellers e inimitavel como Closeau, Martin cria sua propria versao do personagem e, ainda que nao chegue perto de se igualar ao original, consegue gerar boas risadas.
0.6 A fun and animated return to film for one of cinema's favourite characters, and a treat for the generation that have never seen him before.
0.4 When it comes to humor, this Pink is extremely pale.
0.4 Martin's valiant performance, however hamstrung by Sellers' ghost, is mired in a silly, inane plot that keeps the movie firmly grounded.
0.4 The film has an extremely high gag rate - it's just a shame that so few of them actually work.
0.2 As for Martin, no matter how many he times he stumbles, fumbles, burns his balls or mispronounces the word hamburger, he never gets close to making the Clouseau persona his own.
0.6 This one will make you laugh early and often, and send you out of the theater in a cheerful mood. And, really, what more could you ask?
0.1 Animals, I imagine, have dreams with better narrative integrity.
0.0 One has to chalk up The Pink Panther to the good old traditions of Hollywood greed and chutzpah. Nothing this slapdash and badly executed is done for the love of movies.
0.7 Martin is charming as Clouseau and, after all the bad buzz leading up to release, I think Sony is actually going to have a hit on their hands.
0.6 Steve Martin was able to do what no one had done so far - follow in the footsteps of Peter Sellers.
0.6 I am a huge fan of Steve Martin and did like him as Clouseau. The film didn't live up to expectations, but his likeability did.
0.375 An uncomfortable attempt to tap into the essence of the classic Panther films while updating it for modern audiences who might not know Inspector Clouseau from Inspector Javert.
0.5 It's more than a little sad to see Steve Martin -- a talent who himself is incomparable -- attempt to imitate the inimitable Peter Sellers.
0.375 OK, I'm tired of being evasive about this so I'm just gong to own up to it: I never have been able to enjoy a "Pink Panther" movie.
0.5 The pain-and-destruction humor won't tickle everyone as pink as the cartoon character but still provides some good escapist fare.
0.5 Trying to fill some huge paw prints, Steve Martin won't make you forget Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau, but neither will he make you see red.
0.5 Martin plays Clouseau as a cartoon. We always are aware of the distance between the actor and the character, whereas with Sellers, Clouseau was a part of him.
0.5 it's sad to see [Martin] in a film that offers little other than stupid accents and broad pratfalls
0.2 Fails on so many levels that it's ... well, it's not funny.
0.3 Steve Martin humiliates himself in thie dreadful reincarnation of Inspector Jacques Clouseau. It's an acute embarrassment.
0.75 If you can divorce yourself from total allegiance to the original %u2013 or if you have no allegiance to the original - then this is an enjoyable movie with some real laughs courtesy of a modern day comic genius.
0.0 ...below average in every aspect except one: it -- like almost every other remake in recent memory -- is completely unnecessary.
0.5 ...only manages to conjure up our nostalgic appreciation for the late and great Peter Sellers--this flaccid farce doesn't look pretty in Pink the millionth time around.
0.625 While the flat site gags never quite disappear, they're offset by an equal number of bits that'll keep you in stitches. It's good (mostly clean) light fun.
0.6 While it's not up to the Sellers ones from the '60s and '70s, like the Sellers-less Curse of and Son of, it definitely has its moments.
0.57 Yet another sad milestone in the valley of Steve Martin's career.
0.25 Enough, already. It's time for an intervention. Steve Martin, you're no longer allowed to work with director Shawn Levy.
0.375 A ninety-minute movie containing two or three big laughs, another two or three small ones, and eighty surrounding minutes of lazy, misguided, laughless tripe.
0.25 For those who recall Sellers and the role he made famous, 'travesty' seems to be the right descriptor.
0.5 Through its admirably short 90-minute running time, The Pink Panther never made me laugh a single time, though Martin's clever wordplay yielded one or two chuckles.
0.1 The opening titles with Henry Mancini's wonderful theme played under them comprise the best of this film. Then the movie starts and the entertainment stops.
0.375 Bland, unfunny and filled with crude sight gags that can't touch Sellers at his laziest.
0.375 As if the curse of the Pink Panther wasn't dire enough, Martin's Clouseau is haunted by more than the ghost of Peter Sellers. He's also being trailed by the old Steve Martin.
0.375 It's time to let the Inspector rest in peace.
0.0 If The Pink Panther has any value at all, it's in the way its failure demonstrates the delicate nature of comedy, and the skill of other comedies by contrast.
0.375 By now, the panther has had a very long meow.
0.5 With so much resting on Martin, Pink Panther falls prey to the great equalizer of all star-over-substance comedies: the 45-minute mark.
0.75 Surprisingly lively and hilarious.
0.4 Brilliant Martin, an intellectual comic who started his career slumming in sophomoric slapstick, is entirely too uptight to be genius Sellers' greatest creation.
0.625 The film has its stumbling points, but it offers a sufficient amount of laughter.
0.5 You could wander into The Pink Panther for any 15-minute period, laugh a couple of times and leave without wondering for a moment how things will turn out.
0.25 Under his coat, the Panther must be pink with embarrassment.
0.625 Martin does a good job stumbling into Sellers' shoes, and it's all funny enough, depending on your tolerance for slapstick and odd accents.
0.25 Martin (who also co-wrote the screenplay) is so uninspired and dull in this witless movie, he almost -- almost -- makes you long for Adam Sandler.
0.5 Martin and Levy fail to convince us of Clouseau's belief in his own reality. We find ourselves watching Martin riffing on Sellers rather than a legitimate if ridiculous character.
0.5 Whatever franchise value the Pink Panther name may possess, it might be time to put the Clouseau character to rest.
0.5 Peter Sellers was Inspector Clouseau. Steve Martin is merely playing Clouseau. Big difference.
0.7 Steve Martin is no Peter Sellers, but he still makes a winning Inspector Clouseau.
0.2 It is almost impossible to overstate how much we hated this movie.
0.75 it doesn't stink. Au contraire: It's good. Maybe not a masterwork, but good enough to redeem the series and its intrepid, mustachioed twit.
0.5 The trouble is the movie has little to offer except Martin's set pieces, which feel off-the-cuff, and, even in the roughly one-in-four times they work, far too drawn out.
0.5 The Pink Panther, while hardly the disaster it might have been, renders the love as labored as the pronunciation.
0.5 To get any enjoyment out of The Pink Panther, you have to forget that Peter Sellers ever played Inspector Jacques Clouseau.
0.625 It's not quite on the high comedic plane of 'Do you have a license for that moon-key?' But AM-bourg-airs will do. Just ask the kids.
0.375 The writers and director Shawn Levy also misunderstand comic math: In their world, something that's funny once will be four times as funny if it's repeated over and over and over. Actually, the inverse is true.
0.5 There's a fair amount of laughs and a breezy feeling of joie de silliness, even if the finished product isn't good enough to warrant an ongoing series.
0.5 Well, at least Steve Martin's trying to be funny again.
0.35 Painful...truly awful.
0.25 The Pink Painther is more like it.
0.5 ... an hour and a half of an audio assault on your ears, as Steve Martin hams it up for all he's worth with the silliest accent in recent memory.
0.5 Martin's innate verbal panache is the only asset that shows any reliability here. [Blu-ray]
0.71 ...a symptom of Clouseauian hubris.
0.625 It doesn't quite work, particularly for those viewers who remember Sellers, in the same way no one but Sean Connery can ever 'really' be James Bond.
0.1 A movie clearly made for (and probably by) people of the retarded persuasion. If you enjoy it, odds are you're missing a chromosome. Or have an extra one, or something.
0.3 Martin, as we all know, has fine comic gifts, but he's doing a conscientious impersonation here.
0.0 I think I have laughed more at funerals, which is somewhat appropriate for this movie. The Pink Panther is a funeral for Steve Martin's dignity and soul.
0.2 If you think there's no possible way that anyone can actually stretch a leaky-fountain- pen-makes- shirt-messy joke for that long, well, dear reader, you are absolutely correct.
0.8 As in his early stand-up routines, we can feel superior to Steve Martin's immature, likable character while adoring him at the same time.
0.3 Steve Martin should have his SAG card revoked for even considering an attempt at filling Sellers' shoes
0.75 Even if you give Sellers the edge in facial expressions, Martin is his equal in mangled verbiage.
0.6 Martin's Clouseau is as clumsy and hapless as his predecessor and probably more innocent.
0.75 The Pink Panther does justice to the old Blake Edwards/Peter Sellers crime comedies -- it's almost as good as the best of those films, far better than the worst -- but doesn't depend on viewers being familiar with them.
0.2 The Pink Panther doesn't mess around. It goes south in a hurry.
0.625 We responded to Sellers' Clouseau because his foolishness and fakery echoed something deeply human as well as hilarious. We respond to Martin mostly because he's a funny guy in a silly mustache, cutting up and trying to make us laugh.
0.25 Alas, this joyless affair doesn't have a clou.
0.4 Despite a witty performance by Steve Martin, much of The Pink Panther feels like trying on old clothes that no longer fit.
0.375 At every moment in the movie, I was aware that Peter Sellers was Clouseau, and Steve Martin was not. I hadn't realized how thoroughly Sellers and Edwards had colonized my memory.
0.625 Martin deserves another case as Inspector Clouseau -- and we deserve a better movie.
0.625 Darned if it isn't pretty good. Martin is not as distinctive as Sellers, but not many people are watching those Sellers films these days and Martin knows the most important thing about this character: silliness.
0.375 Cheaper by the Dozen may have affirmed Levy's credentials as a director of domestic comedy, but he seems clueless with this sort of banana-peel shtick.
0.75 To say that Steve Martin does justice to the `Pink Panther' film series is not to say that you should drop everything and run out to see Martin's `The Pink Panther.'
0.5 Although it doesn't stand up to the originals, it's not half bad, thanks to a script that has moments of genuine wit.
0.375 A leaden rehash that, finally materializing after repeated delays, is all too symptomatic of star Steve Martin's mushy recent choices.
0.6 a mixed bag, but while the jokes misfire as often as they hit their target . . .when it works, it is very, very funny.
0.6 Steve plays the character as a sort of weird mix between Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell. It's funny, but he's not exactly our beloved Inspector.
0.75 Questions of authenticity aside, Damon Russell evinces a shrewd understanding of how to juxtapose the handheld camera's finite sightline with the bursts of chaos that suddenly invade it.
0.875 It had been so long since a quality western had hit America's screens that it appears as if Eastwood purposely set out to remind audiences of all the elements that make the genre work.
0.625 His saddle bag is a mixed one, though Pale Rider still has the touch of quality associated with latter-day Eastwood. [Blu-ray]
0.6 ...who else would you want coming to your rescue than the Preacher Man With No Name?
0.6 Not Clint's best western, but entertaining enough.
0.8 A severely underrated western, one of Eastwood's most stylish.
0.6 Clint's return to westerns is just ok.
0.8 One of Eastwood's best oaters
1.0 [Eastwood] understands so well how he works on the screen that the movie has a resonance that probably was not even there in the screenplay.
0.8 Clint Eastwood stars as the mysterious stranger who arrives in a town and challenges the citizens to fight evil.
1.0 See it if you haven't.
0.8 Eastwood in fine form.
0.75 A powerful portrait of emotional endurance, propelled by the outstanding performances of Bassett and Fishburne, both of whom lend a crucial dimension to the gradual redundancies of Kate Lanier's otherwise insightful screenplay.
0.75 Their nuanced performances give a spectrum of emotional shadings to a black-and-white script that casts Tina as the Beauty to Ike's unreconstructed Beast.
0.75 [Fishburne's] performance is the one X factor in What's Love Got To Do With It, which in most respects is an entertaining if conventional pop star biography.
0.6 Angela Bassett is a wonderfully sympathetic screen presence who may have a big career ahead of her.
0.9 Though the picture rightfully belongs to Bassett, a final word must be said about Fishburne, who never fails to make Ike seem human if not defensible. Even in defeat, he is remarkably compelling.
0.8 Basset genuinely holds your sympathy as the little country girl Anna Mae Bullock, singing and suffering her way to superstardom and personal liberation, [and] Fishburne is sensational.
0.5 Brian Gibson, who directed the script by Kate Lanier, seems to have trouble taking charge of his material as he skips through the years.
1.0 A powerful, joyful, raw, energetically acted bio-pic detailing the joys and pain of the on- and offstage lives of blues rockers Ike and Tina Turner.
0.875 It's an astonishing movie, first because despite the pathology of the relationship, it's not only about victimization; it's a celebration of spirit, both religious and human, about a woman who finally found the guts (and the faith) to say "No more."
0.75 Fishburne and Bassett are both extraordinary, and though the story is inevitably slanted to Tina's perspective, Fishburne makes Ike a complex and compelling presence.
0.8 Powerful bio of Tina Turner with domestic violence, drugs.
0.75 This biography of rock diva Tina Turner's turbulent life is filled with energetic musical numbers and emotionally charged moments, all anchored by two outstanding lead performances.
0.8 Could have been a made for tv movie but elevated by the work of Bassett and Fishburne.
0.8 Depressing but also terrific. Bassett stuns.
0.6 Angela Bassett, despite bearing little physical resemblance to the singer, is very convincing in her role. Her partner Laurence Fishburne is even more impressive...
0.8 A revealing musical melodrama that shakes as radically as soulful Tina Turner's sweet hips. Both Bassett and Fishburne deliver energetic, Oscar-worthy performances!
0.8 Incendiary performances by Fishburne and Bassett.
0.8 The perfect combination of stellar turns and sensational music
0.8 A celebrity biopic rendered with heartfelt respect; it never shies away from the ugliness in Turner's life, but neither does it exploit it for cheap emotional effect.
0.8 Both stars deserved their Oscar nominations for virtually carrying a picture that looks and sounds great, but is a little oversimplified dramatically.
0.75 Fishburne is excellent in a very unsympathetic role. Ike Turner could so easily have been portrayed as one-dimensional, but the talented Fishburne gives this frightened wife-beater some depth.
0.875 It's a story of pain and courage, uncommonly honest and unflinching, and the next time I hear Tina Turner singing I will listen to the song in a whole new way.
0.75 Powerful, troubling and ultimately inspiring.
0.6 The movie makes us all want to stand up and cheer, "Shine on, Tina. Shine on."
0.75 You don't have to be a Tina Turner fan to appreciate this movie, but, regardless of your opinion of her music, What's Love Got To Do With It cannot fail to impart an impression of her courage and inner strength.
0.8 A well-done portrait of a person who has to come to grips with the fact that love, while a many-splendoured thing, is also extremely unpredictable.
0.5 Those looking for an earnest depiction (and one that doesn't wallow in the seemingly inherent 'leering' of similar films), it's probably worthy of a look.
0.4 When compared to such incisive lesbian dramas as Lianna and Desert Hearts, Rozema's effort seems flat and banal.
0.2 It is so focused on its own boldness, its dare-to-shock sensuality (the film got an NC-17 from the MPAA, but is being released unrated), that nothing else comes through.
0.5 Camille's motivation is a complete mystery to us.
0.375 When Night is Falling has too many unintended laughs for its passion to be convincing.
0.5 Symbols are supposed to be subtle, but Rozema is intent upon bludgeoning the audience with them.
0.75 Rozema is a fabulist with a strong visual sense, and she creates a distinctive, enclosed world to illustrate Camille's odyssey.
0.6 A seductive, sensuous experience.
0.72 Most powerful for its subtle and shaded characterizations of both victim and victimizer.
1.0 Abordando o complexo tema com honestidade, inteligencia e humanidade, esta obra-prima repleta de atuacoes inesqueciveis e um atestado da capacidade do Cinema em servir nao so como retrato de nossa Historia, mas como profunda reflexao sobre a mesma.
1.0 Absorbing from beginning to end.
0.75 An eloquent snapshot of the way that the ground was shifting--in both the Nuremberg of 1948 and the Tinsel Town of 1961.
0.8 In the grand tradition of courtroom dramas, Nuremberg has the distinction of being probably the most "important" of them all - even if it's not the most blatantly entertaining
0.7 This film will not be to everyone's taste... but there is a haunting quality to Mocktar's story that rewards close attention.
0.6 The occasional but abrupt shifts in Dicko's personality between nobility and immorality are disruptive and seemingly without catalyst - - the result of which suggests that in this case, subtlety should be sacrificed in favor of clarity.
0.7 It's hard to know what fetishes/obsessions/issues are at work here, but they do yield interesting moviemaking.
0.3 After such a triumph with A Thousand Clouds of Peace (Mil Nubes de Paz Cercan el Cielo) the second installment in Julian Hernandez's apparent "Cielo" series is a sluggish disappointment.
0.9 [Director] Hernandez's approach makes all the difference, trusting the camera to reveal the ebb and flow of emotions that sweep over all three men.
0.875 Hernandez's exquisite romance works on an emotional, as well as intellectual, level.
0.0 I could have gone out for dinner, come back and missed little of importance.
0.625 I suspect the film's frank, at times glorious rendering of queer sexuality will inspire more than a few closeted youths to brave life out in the open.
0.6 Boy meets boy like youve never seen in Juli&#225;n Hern&#225;ndezs sex-drenched, extravagantly minimalist epic.
0.6 It's a difficult balancing act between gang life and the sports film where inspiring moments can very easily become maudlin and wearing. Gridiron Gang slips and stumbles a bit in the second half but for the most part makes it across whole.
0.4 Watchable, decently made drama with some strong performances, but the script is disappointing given the real-life story behind the film.
0.6 What begins as a series of pleasant revelations and a deft example of genre defiance is nearly crippled by cliche in its second half, but The Rock's surprising dramatic magnetism will hold you until the final whistle.
0.25 It's unfortunate that what was undoubtedly an inspirational story could end up onscreen as such a been-there done-that hack job.
0.375 ...the film's various problems [are] exacerbated by a ridiculously overlong running time (it's 125 minutes!)
0.4 It's technically well-made, but lacks the writing or acting skills to make it work.
0.625 Gridiron Gang is enjoyable enough, but it is also manipulative, melodramatic and pretty much interchangeable with the recent basketball film Coach Carter.
0.5 Mostly the movie barrels toward you, stiff-armed.
0.75 But can The Rock pull off a dramatic role? Surprisingly, for the most part, the answer is yes, and the film is a success for it.
0.5 Another 'true story' inspirational sports movie, and you pretty much know whether or not it's your brand of jockstrap from that fact alone.
0.5 No sappy sports cliche or trite inspirational slogan is ignored.
0.75 The movie constantly teeters on becoming a filmed version of a Successories calendar. But The Rock's charismatic performance and Phil Joanou's sturdy direction yank hard against heart-tugging dialogue to pull the movie back with gravity and grit.
0.9 A touching and entertaining, well-acted star turn by The Rock.
0.5 The film misses the chance to showcase these actors with a deeper exploration of their changing relationship.
0.8 ...no great shakes, but it's professionally realized and makes good use of the talent at hand.
0.8 Gridiron Gang isn't just distinctive, it's downright exceptional - the kind of film that not only sustains its genre, but sets a legitimate benchmark if not a high watermark for future entries to aspire to.
0.625 Gridiron entertains and makes a powerful point about the faults inherent in the penal system, particularly for youths with hopes of rehabilitation.
0.5 ... it's like a super-sized Afterschool Special with PG-13-rated bad language ...
0.375 While grittier on the surface, Phil Joanou's allegedly 'true story' inspired Gridiron Gang is as soft and safe in its centre as any of the two dozen or so inspirational pigskin operas that have been released in the past two years.
0.625 Many of the young actors are also quite good in a large ensemble that doesn't become the jumbled mess it could have.
0.75 ... nearly as bleak as it is uplifting.
0.75 ... the former footballer and pro wrestler Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is just the rock on which to securely build a football inspiration movie like Gridiron Gang.
0.6 We are drawn into Gridiron Gang to the degree that we come to recognize team members and generally appreciate their struggles toward self-respect and responsibility.
0.5 The film's few, scattered moments of honest grit and pathos are nearly drowned out by composer Trevor Rabin's incessantly syrupy score, which sounds calculated for maximum emotional uplift, just like almost everything else about Gridiron Gang.
0.625 Great message, so-so movie.
0.4 ... an extremely inefficient film, wasting time -- the movie's and ours.
0.5 ... nearly every time it has the chance to make a play -- it fumbles.
0.4 ... the movie's good intentions are consistently undermined by its simplistic notion of redemption, and its inspirational thrust is diluted by an epilogue that suggests the program still has a ways to go in the life-altering department.
0.5 Some movies present their whole story in a two-minute trailer, but Gridiron Gang says it all in its poster ...
0.5 The Rock commits himself admirably to this trite tale, but by the end, even his enormous shoulders buckle under the weight of so many cliches.
0.5 ... you wouldn't say Gridiron Gang is a touchdown, but it's not a fumble either.
0.625 [Screenwriter Jeff Maguire] reduces practically every scene to an oversimplified emoticon.
0.625 Gridiron Gang is effective, thanks to Phil Joanou's confident direction and the mountain of charisma that is Dwayne 'the Rock' Johnson.
0.625 This lazy and episodic tacking (pep talk, game, pep talk, game) aggravated me because it sabotages the film's social relevance and honest-to-goodness cinematic uplift.
0.5 If you like your sports movies, especially your football movies, larded with more cliches than a politician's stump speech, Gridiron Gang begs to be seen.
0.5 Had Gridiron Gang dared to challenge its audience with a larger dose of reality, it might have broken the field and become something memorable and meaningful.
0.625 ... this inspirational material is appealing ...
0.5 As sports movies go, Gridiron Gang isn't bad, just not top-line material.
0.625 Though it doesn't really teach us anything new, Gridiron Gang -- mainly due to the powerful screen presence of Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson -- is mildly entertaining and, at times, somewhat compelling.
0.8 Scores big time! It's the real thing. Loaded with action-to-the-max in the streets and on the field.
0.6 Anyone still doubting Johnson's chops as an actor ought to simply dismiss such doubts now -- he's the single most effective thing about the movie ...
0.75 ... despite the shameless cutting and pasting, it's hard to argue with the movie's intentions.
0.625 Jeff Maguire's script turns out to be simultaneously riddled with cliches and (as the documentary footage over the closing credits shows) generally faithful to events.
0.75 The Rock no longer exists. Dwayne Johnson has finally shed the identity that turned him into a wrestling legend and earned the right to go by his real name.
0.625 Joanou rushes through the material, attempting to do justice to too many characters and juggle too many subplots to really explore any of them.
0.875 Proof that good storytelling can change perception and make us appreciate a group of youngsters we'd just as soon throw away more than a blue collar guy who gets his shot with the Philadelphia Eagles.
0.8 The film doesn't try to be politically correct, and it points fingers where they should be pointed.
0.625 it's the Bill Paxton of movies, good enough to be respected and liked, but not great enough to make you think everyone involved deserves an Oscar
0.6 Wanna know why sports movies are criticized for being too cliche? Because sports, as a whole, are too cliche.
0.5 The Rock ... performs so many corny inspirational speeches that his mouth might as well transform into a triumphant horn.
0.4 Imagine a movie comprised of inspirational cliches and absolutely nothing else.
0.75 ... if there was ever a role that The Rock was born to play, he's found it here
0.7 Despite its good intentions, Gridiron Gang is full of cliches, but at least they're captivating cliches.
0.625 More honest and substantive than the average mainstream sports flick. Not necessarily more original, but certainly more worth the viewer's while.
0.75 Paint-by-numbers storytelling aside, Gridiron Gang is a fine movie.
0.5 ... amid the dead-on straightforward presentation and the gaggingly earnest emotions, Gridiron Gang is worth cheering for sometimes.
0.75 The film is energetic and technically polished, with flashes of humor ...
0.5 The film has nowhere near as many well-developed characters as it has street, prison yard and on-field brawls.
0.5 Johnson gives the part his authoritative all, but he doesn't have the depth of ability to elevate a sappy script that regularly calls for up-choking.
0.625 "Gridiron Gang" is all formula, but it's tough to blame the film for sticking with a game plan that works.
0.625 turns out to be quite enjoyable, even if it's not all that good
0.5 Were it not already taken, Angels with Dirty Faces might have been an apt alternative title for this TRUE STORY.
0.5 A corny and unbelievable 'based on a true story' drama with a canned Trevor Rabin score that could have been programmed in by computer.
0.8 Johnson leaps is into the ranks of legitimate actors. He's got depth, he's got some range, and he's got the heart and sincerity to make them both work
0.75 Cue the violins. Gridiron Gang, an unabashedly sentimental but endearing true story, turns out to be a real winner.
0.4 What was The Rock thinking? Stop coaching and start doing. Give the man something to hit.
0.875 Jennifer Jason Leigh's performance as the sister who lives for her turn in the spotlight electrifies this look at two very different siblings.
0.8 A raw, heartfelt, sometimes painful showcase for Jennifer Jason Leigh's undeniable talent.
0.6 not always on the mark, but certainly challenging
0.875 Georgia is not a simply plotted movie about descent and recovery, but a complex, deeply knowledgeable story about how alcoholism and mental illness really are family diseases.
0.875 A painful though sadly humorous portrait of sisterhood deftly written by Leigh's mom, Barbara Turner, and directed with just-right spareness by Ula Grosbard.
0.75 Leigh's performance is riveting.
0.4 Unless you're just dying to hear Velvet Underground tunes played (badly) at bar mitzvahs, I'd recommend keeping this Georgia off your mind.
1.0 This is the purpose of the picture, to make one suffer and sympathize with them. Kurosawa's darkly imagistic technique achieves this depressing aim.
0.5 For the first hour and fifteen minutes of the movie, we make only limited excursions out of the tenement, and it begins to feel as though we've moved in ourselves. Kurosawa may have intended this, but it doesn't make for very satisfying viewing.
0.6 Tearjerker about a brave girl and the horse she loves.
0.8 as much fun as your average Zatoichi flick, with plenty of humor and sword slashing and guys standing as still as statues before falling over dead
0.5 Around here Daybreakers' clever streak runs out and the previously witty, refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else.
0.6 That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there isn't enough of it should tell you enough: watching it provides short-term entertainment, but like those voracious bloodsuckers, it'll just leave you wanting more.
0.7 It's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs.
0.8 While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today.
0.7 The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire cliches and novelties.
0.7 A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions, Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed.
0.25 Squandered potential at its most obvious.
0.625 Once the world is set up, the follow-through comes up short.
0.72 Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke (as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency) and Willem Dafoe (as Elvis, a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant).
0.7 Malo je %u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers %u0161a%u0161avo zabavna, a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi%u0161ljanja
0.7 There is a lot of non-sparkly going on, if you know what I mean.
0.6 Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another, albeit entertaining, action movie.
0.6 Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE, in a genre that has been sucked dry, and still make something watchable. It's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made, but it's the best one of 2010.
0.75 Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires, the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times.
0.8 Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk.
0.6 Daybreakers is highly inventive, containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology, vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world.
0.6 The special effects look cheap; and while the premise, with its "we're drinking the blood of the earth!" subtext is interesting, the characters just aren't.
0.6 More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs' vampire venture, even if it falls short of greatness.
0.8 Yes, Daybreakers is another vampire film, but don't hold it against it. This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about...
0.4 A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that doesn't go anywhere special.
0.75 With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis. (Coincidentally, the film opened on what would have been Presley's 75th birthday.)
0.6 A fun if forgettable romp, with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots. Which is enough. Just.
0.5 So over the top you can't help but like at least some of it, 'Daybreakers' is pulsing with gore, mayhem and dark humor
0.75 Now this is a vampire movie.
0.75 Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while.
0.8 A pretty ambitious movie that's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions. When it doesn't, the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining.
0.5 An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that isn't romanticized - a la 'Twilight' -but is full of gore.
0.6 les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur creatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupconner apres un exercice aussi bacle qu'Undead
0.5 Makes little sense, but earns points for the operatic, slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me.
0.625 Give it an A for effort, C for execution. As cool/creepy as it seems, Daybreakers just doesn't quite measure up to its potential.
0.8 The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world, part Blade Runner, part Gattaca, part Blade.
0.625 After taking such pains to establish a dying world, it's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off.
0.7 Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun.
0.75 Yeah, its another vampire film, but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst.
0.5 Surrounded by cannibalistic gore, Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood...call it 'From Here to Vampurity'.
0.8 A thinking person's vampire flick with deliciously gory action, an underlying social message, lean direction, and best of all, no obnoxious product placement or pop music.
0.75 Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe, the movie, which was shot more than two years ago, is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy
0.625 A slick, bloody, fast-paced, and ultimately enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 For the lowbrow, the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg's Scanners. No one dies quietly; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera.
0.75 A suspenseful, visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that's simultaneously entertaining and provocative.
0.7 Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers, Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at.
0.75 Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding; it's fright-lite, yet that's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days.
0.625 The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time.
0.6 The narrative may flag, but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddlea(TM)s production design remain vivid until the final, blood-splattered reel.
0.4 Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world couldn't save what, for me, was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick.
0.75 That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January's movie releases.
0.8 Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world. Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin, not half-and-half. Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs. And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory.
0.7 One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time. Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners.
0.6 This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity. While it plays everything dead straight, it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre.
0.6 An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence, sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers.
0.4 The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel, or possibly a franchise, that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray.
0.375 The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out, "Stop! We forgot to blow stuff up! Get the blood!"
0.6 The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design, but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third. Still very watchable, though.
0.7 Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue.
0.4 It's a shame Australia's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report, without the production flair.
0.7 A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear.
0.5 Daybreakers isn't exactly good or bad, and that is the problem. The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity. It could have been about something. It's not.
0.6 Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and, in its exciting finale, an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic.
0.8 A polished, intelligent, well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale. Fangtastic.
0.4 Iffy plotting, squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror? - leave the film, like its protagonist, torn between two extremes.
0.6 With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes, smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos (sun-proofed cars and video mirrors), inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss, this is an engagingly skilful blend.
0.6 Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction, melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext.
0.375 In the end, Daybreakers doesn't really want to make anyone think too hard. If that were to happen, they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives don't just become garlic farmers and call it a day.
0.875 Daybreakers has substance and smarts, plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy.
0.5 Despite the Spierig brothers' punchy visual style and satiric tone, Daybreakers eventually devolves, though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism.
0.6 Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill.
0.625 It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves. But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends?
0.6 Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months.
0.625 Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody's business. But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff. You know who you are.
0.6 Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies, the combination makes them seem fresh.
0.5 The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood. Unless you're someone in the film Daybreakers. Then you're carrying closer to 47 gallons, 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall.
0.5 It can't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler's product placement appears.
0.75 It's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff.
0.5 the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs' film
0.75 Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities, the film unifies all the usual tropes (bloodlust, heliophobia, fangs) into a complete science fiction whole.
0.4 It sounds so very good and yet, in the hands of the Spierig Brothers, it has all the life of a vampire's (non)heartbeat
0.75 Peter and Michael Spierig's earlier, campier horror outing, the zombie picture known as Undead, was even bloodier than this one. The movie-makers are after bigger game here, and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film.
0.6 A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans.
0.6 It's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun. In fact, one wishes it were sillier still.
0.4 This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric 'Children of Men', but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick.
0.625 Although it falls apart as a thriller, Michael and Peter Spierig's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare.
0.625 This intriguing premise, alas, ends as so many movies do these days, with fierce fights and bloodshed. Inevitably, the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we've met, and a lot of extras with machineguns.
0.75 I'm as surprised as anyone, but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it.
0.7 Daybreakers isn't a great film, but it's a good one, and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales, it's an original.
0.375 Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld, True Blood to The Vampire Diaries, this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand.
0.6 There's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers, where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone's now a bloodsucker, but it doesn't quite make for a fascinating film.
0.5 The Spierigs' latest doesn't do much to carve out a unique identity.
0.6 A clever twist on the vampire legend, delivers what genre fans crave and more.
0.85 Ambitious, smart and unique, the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more.
0.8 Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip.
0.8 A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie, packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences. Confidently crafted and legitimately clever.
0.8 "Horror fans should be looking forward to this one."
0.7 While it's far from perfect, Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie. Loaded with talents actors, beautiful camerawork (a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this) and buckets of blood, I can't recommend this enough.
0.75 ...an exciting (albeit slightly uneven) addition to the vampire-movie canon.
0.625 ...the movie, unlike the majority of contemporary remakes, stands on its own as an original and surprising piece of work.
0.8 A valentine from one director to a famous team of others.
0.625 Doesn't live up to the 1985 Coen brothers film that inspired it.
0.6 It's a good effort, and any filmmaker about to embark on a remake should consider the director's boldness (Seriously, remaking Blood Simple?! You crazy for this one, Yimou!).
0.3 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.4 There is certainly some curio value for cineastes here, but the real mystery is, well, what the heckfire was going through Zhang Yimou's once-brilliant mind when he decided to make this?
0.6 An interesting interpretation but stick with the original.
0.375 A group of shrill, idiotic characters mugging for the camera in front of stunning desert landscapes.
0.75 Eventually leaves slapstick behind to follow the pattern of cruelty and misapprehension established by 'Blood Simple,' but with arrows and sword thrusts replacing the earlier film's bullets, and stone-faced Sun Honglei as Zhang's MVP.
0.5 A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop is a tipsy wedding of low hijinks and tiptoe-tense suspense stretches.
0.375 Simultaneously frantic and dull, Noodle Shop has no hint of the restraint or meticulous concern with form exhibited in Zhang's earlier blockbusters.
0.5 A whimsical but fizzled experiment.
0.5 Zhang piles on his signature visual poetry, but he seems unsure of how to handle the relatively small-scale story.
0.5 What sounds as though it ought to be delicious winds up, instead, a soggy noodle.
0.4 The main problem with A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop has less to do with its fidelity to the Coen brothers' 1984 original than with director Zhang Yimou's own incompatibility with the material.
0.25 It's called A Woman, A Gun and a Noodle Shop, and, although the woman and the gun are bores, the noodles are cool, I guess.
0.25 It's all wrong. Each creative choice in the new version undermines the original film's appeal, a collision of incompatible visions.
0.8 It takes real chutzpah to challenge the Coen brothers when it comes to stylization in movies, but Chinese director Zhang Yimou has done just that.
0.5 Most will find Noodle all wet--limp, if you will--in Yimou's apparent choice to remake Blood Simple in the style of Raising Arizona.
0.2 The Coens' original Gothic film noir, wound as tight as a Texas rattlesnake, unravels to the point of amateur slapstick. Though the exterior shots look like Sedona on acid, it's still not worth the, um, trip.
0.48 There are enough pratfalls and purely physical comedy bits here to populate a Keystone Kops/Three Stooges double feature. While they're intermittently amusing, they don't really feel consistent with the rest of what Zhang is doing with the film.
0.6 The movie soon devolves into nothing more than a fairly close-to-the-vest adaptation.
0.25 Don't attempt to remake a Coen brothers movie, especially if you plan to turn the thing into a bizarre concoction of melodrama and slapstick comedy.
0.8 The Coens' Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) is cold blooded, but to see the new hitman's method of silent murder will unveil the real noirish heart of darkness.
0.75 For the Coens, the parable of lust and greed suggested that nothing was certain but death and the battle of the sexes. For Yimou, it's a ghost story of sexual lust and money lust.
0.625 Zhang's version dries out the original's sultriness, trades humid night for arid day, and strains for slapstick.
0.5 There are lots of vertiginous high angles and sweeping wide-screen vistas, but they never congeal into a compelling atmosphere.
0.5 A Woman, a Gun and a Noodle Shop is an easy film to watch and admire, but a hard one to connect with, let alone love.
0.5 Whereas the Coens worked with a shoestring budget and emphasized a deadpan sense of humor, Zhang pours on expensive special effects whenever the opportunity for large-scale slapstick presents itself.
0.625 The stars of the show, ultimately, are Zhao Xiaoding's gorgeous cinematography, Tao Jing's evocative sound design and Yimou's choice of otherworldly locations.
0.6 That Zhang stages the story as a broad, absurdist comedy, as opposed to the Coens' dark, brooding drama, is another telling point of departure.
0.7 Mr. Zhang uncovers the primal, mythic intensity of the story and also changes the tone of its essential nihilism.
0.4 Zhang brings little else to the story besides an improved color palette and bad comic timing.
0.5 A fascinating curiosity piece for Coen fans, but ... every performance and every scene pales next to its inspiration.
0.8 So this is how you follow up the Olympic opening ceremonies!
0.625 When did Zhang Yimou start acting like Jean-Pierre Jeunet?
0.4 This exaggeration of human behavior, with farcical humor based on a flow of ironies and the wages of greed, does its source no favors.
0.41 Yimou's overdone compositions lend a cartoonish quality to the proceedings that sap it of most of its punch.
0.5 Reminisces, recriminations, rehashed old wounds, confessions, fall outs, reconciliation, and even a sing-along to a golden oldie. It's impossible not to think of this as a Cuban Big Chill.
0.875 While made on a modest budget, this slick, satisfying action drama more than stands up to a number of similar big-studio efforts.
0.6 Biopic more about turbulent relationship than art.
0.3 an essence of by-mistake-80s-homage is the only thing keeping this movie at the crust of the rest of made for TV teen flicks
0.3 Stick It was not made for fat, bald guys in their mid-30s. So is it a big surprise that I didn't like the movie?
0.5 ...sample line of dialogue: "I'm so sure I'm practically deodorant!"
0.4 'This sport is a total joke!' fumes the spunky gymnast heroine of Stick It, a sentiment that will be shared by anyone who wastes their hard-earned on this silly teen comedy.
0.6 Missy Peregrym is a real find - she gives an energetic, funny and extremely physical performance, to the point where you feel exhausted just watching her.
0.4 The script fights well against the cliche-ridden plot but this is very average all round.
0.6 Snappy dialog and some prickly satire give it an edge most of these youthful romps lack.
0.2 This is a movie for fourteen-year-olds that feels like it's been written by one.
0.625 Stick It is an enjoyable kids' film with a tough group of gals who have an appreciation for gymnastics and claim that what they do is harder than being a Navy SEAL.
0.2 Bridges maintains his dignity as best he can, but Peregrym fails to convince, either as a teenager or as a gymnast.
0.4 Bendinger's film is a mess. That's really all there is to it.
0.6 Missy Peregrym is the second coming of Nancy McKeon (do I want to kiss her, or get her to change my oil?).
0.5 Comes unglued about two thirds of the way through
0.5 Bridges, as always, turns in dependable work as the hard-nosed coach Vickerman, but the character comes with a little too much backstory that neither advances the plot nor finds resolution.
0.625 Peregrym lands on her feet, even if the movie doesn't.
0.25 Halfway through, you'll be ready to tell the people behind this malnourished rubbish exactly where they can stick it.
0.6 This film is about as bitchy and mean spirited as you can and still have sweetness and light all around at the end.
0.75 "Stick It" is a movie full of attitude, eye candy and action.
0.875 This is no rah-rah spandex-strutting teen flick. It's a pointed human drama with plenty to say about the unfair, borderline child-abusive sport of gymnastics, with its archaic, dense scoring system.
0.0 hopes to distract us with several montages of scantily clad leotard wearing jail bait girls working out, dancing, performing their gymnastics routines and acting as sassy as possible. If you are under 18, YAY! If you are older, SHAME ON YOU!
0.625 I liked the passion with which the story argued its point about unfairness in gymnastic judging. But - and this is a big but - I didn't believe the plot twist that is used to make the point.
0.5 In Stick It attitude comes before all else. Attitude runs crazy -- cartwheeling, handspringing, bird-flipping attitude.
0.6 It would of course be irresponsible of me to say that all teenage girls will love this movie. But I can say, with some certainty, that more than a few twenty-five year old boys will like it.
0.5 There is a positive message in the film, often obscured by the bogus punk attitude.
0.75 Yes, we're in the world of elite gymnastics, and Jessica Bendinger's Stick It is an enjoyable exercise in girl power.
0.75 It's a credit to [writer/director] Bendinger's attention to the little details that make Stick It feel so unique and entertaining -- poking fun at elite-level child athletics while still respecting its young characters and their feelings.
0.625 Stick It has a clunky script, a game cast and swell bodies in motion. It would have been better if [director] Bendinger tried to tell it more than sell it.
0.625 Though the film's twist is an entertaining jolt to the standard sports story, its vision of integrity over points is executed with a surprising lack of finesse.
0.6 "Stick It" should serve competitive gymnastics in much the same way "Bring It On" celebrated cheerleading.
0.6 For what it is, this is a cut above the tween film genre.
0.5 Stick It can't stand up under too much scrutiny. It's cliched and contrived, but it does play well to its target audience of young females.
0.5 Unfortunately, [Jessica] Bendinger's directorial debut is far more formulaic [than Bring It On].
0.5 Stick It doesn't have an original bone in its buffed body. It's been molded from all the sports-as-salvation movies that Bring It On so adroitly spoofed.
0.5 Unfortunately, the Bring It On formula has already been imitated so many times that it's become tired.
0.625 Too lazy to perfect its own routine...[but] a surprisingly appealing vacation, from sense to sensibility.
0.5 If this sounds like an old ABC After-School Special, it certainly could be.
0.5 Stick It is a melodrama that doesn't know when to turn off the waterworks.
0.5 This started with a lower degree of difficulty and the execution had some flaws.
0.6 Three cheers for a feisty, break-all-the-rules heroine who is a bold innovator in the grueling world of competitive gymnastics.
0.25 the heroines' motto might as well be, "I am Airhead, hear me roar"... The derriere-level cameras ensure that Bendinger's female-empowerment fantasy features plenty of cheesecake.
0.75 ... a frothy girl-power manifesto so briskly paced, sharply written and infectiously entertaining that its deficiencies seem as insignificant as a lightly chipped fingernail.
0.75 Subversively funny ...
0.6 Writer-director Jessica Bendinger, an ex-model, veteran of Sex and the City and fun girl comedies, throws away more good lines than most teen comedies can muster.
0.8 A spry teenage comedy that gets everything right, Stick It takes the usual batch of underdogs, dirt bags, mean girls and bimbos and sends them somersaulting through happy cliches and unexpected invention.
0.25 Rarely is a sports movie so inept that it can't even make its central figure likable.
0.375 Stick It gets stuck deciding where it's going. Is it a) the story of a wayward teen who straightens up; b) a gymnastics version of Clueless; or c) just a way to blow 100 minutes? From the looks of it, the right answer may be 'c.'
0.75 Bendinger, who wrote for rock magazine Spin, has figured out a way to salute female competition and unity.
0.5 Stick It uses the story of a gymnast's comeback attempt as a backdrop for overwrought visual effects, music videos, sitcom dialogue and general pandering.
0.5 Stick It ends up as just another disposable teen movie.
0.625 It might not have anything to do with real life, but this screenwriter's version of how girls are alternately bitchy and touchy-feely is entertaining.
0.375 Stick It is shrill, unrepentantly lame and will surely disappoint any fan of gymnastics as Bendinger substitutes some kind of Olympic-sized political statement in place of a big, rousing finale.
0.375 It's appropriate that `Stick It' even has a title that sneers, for watching the movie is like spending an hour supervising detention.
0.4 We already have Bring It On, and it's on basic cable 17 times a day. We don't need another one, as it's already been brought.
0.5 Stick It may be tough to stick out unless you're a girl between the ages of 11 and 16.
0.25 Should go where the sun don't shine, all right, and that's at the bottom of DVD bargain bins.
0.4 The film strives for some type of a girl-empowerment message that equates trading one type of conformity for another with self-determination but muffs the dismount and stumbles on the landing. In other words, it fails to Stick It.
0.6 Stick It isn't groundbreaking material, but at least it keeps its balance.
0.5 Stick It suggests gymnasts use its title as a battle cry for what the coaches and judges should do with the pommel horse.
0.625 Stick It appears to be one kind of movie, but the kind of movie it actually is, is more original.
0.75 An indelicately titled but inventive, energetic fable about reconciling reality and roaring egos, it is a movie almost totally reliant on well-developed character, quick-witted repartee and mercurial relationships.
0.5 In terms of eye candy, Stick It is a feast. Unfortunately, the film is a famine in just about every other regard.
0.5 Where Bring It On found fans well outside its theoretical demographic, Stick It is unlikely to follow suit.
0.375 Stay away from this cliche-ridden script. ... Stay at home and watch gymnastics on ESPN instead.
0.5 Jessica Bendinger looks to do for gymnastics what her Bring It On did for cheerleading: namely, give a stereotypically girlie-girl activity some defiant, individualistic attitude.
0.6 "The Einstein of Sex" has the look of a poorly made television drama, but don't let that distract you. Praunheim tells an important story and he tells it well.
0.3 The beautiful Isabelle Huppert never quite catches the Flaubert vibe.
0.1 My Sister's Keeper is a committee-approved nerve-snapper that, much like its main character, has been genetically engineered to MAKE! YOU! CRY!
0.5 My Sister's Keeper demands nothing less than a tidal wave of tears.
0.5 The film has a profound and compelling premise. Regrettably, it seems intent on being about everything but that premise.
0.4 I tried to keep an open mind, hoping something would win me over. It didn't happen.
0.8 [I]ntelligent, moving and even occasionally funny, although you might want to bring along a few tissues just in case.
0.6 Bring the tissues. This film works.
0.4 What starts as an exploration of the ethics of organ-donation and genetic selection, rapidly disintegrates into a sloppy, unstructured, tear-jerking mess.
0.6 There's no question that this is a really intriguing drama and a drama that I think deserved better treatment than it gets here because I think Nick Cassevetes -- I don't think he's a very good director, really.
0.7 There is a touch of contrivance to the set-up that is not totally convincing and the film avoids much of the ethical arguments in favour of family drama. But I must admit to being affected.
0.6 A morally ambiguous tearjerker with a twist.
0.5 Though the motives of My Sister's Keeper will seem dubious to some, there is no denying the performances on display keep everything in the realm of the watchable.
0.7 As manufactured Disease of the Week weepies go, Nick Cassavetes's drama based on a Jodi Picoult bestseller, is surprisingly moving.
0.8 The decision to avoid unnecessary sentimentality defines this film, elevating it to a more thoughtful if a touch less engaging arena, sacrificing emotional escapism for conversation provoking tragedy.
0.875 Sometimes, a sad story isn't just a manipulative venture that makes you cry. Sometimes, as in 'The Notebook,' it's a tale well told that brings out honest emotions. Sometimes, it's in a movie such as 'My Sister's Keeper.'
0.75 The performances are first-rate, with special commendation to Vassilieva in a breakout performance as a teen striving for normalcy in spite of her cancer.
0.5 A tear-fest medical drama that seems much longer than it is.
0.8 ...a high-class tear-jerker thanks to an intelligent script...sensitive direction...and strong performances...
0.4 Diaz is a whiny irrelevance, but sharp supporting work from Alec Baldwin and Joan Cusack makes the proceedings tolerable for boyfriends.
0.2 You should consent to having treacle intravenously injected into your system sooner than go to see this Hollywood weepie.
0.4 It would be tough not to shed a tear for any child forced to look death in the face, but it's also a crying shame that such a delicate matter ends up being treated with an uncertain heavy hand.
0.4 Full of clunky voiceovers, corny music and maudlin montages, this manipulative yarn plays with issues of medical morality and parental duty only to discard them in favour of a manipulative paean to valuing life and accepting death.
0.2 With direction this leaden and scripting this ham-fisted, my suspicion is that there will be far too many dry eyes in the house.
0.8 A very satisfying, if emotionally draining, experience. Needless to say you should take a large box of hankies - plus a bottle of water so you can rehydrate afterwards.
0.2 This medical-ethics drama is like a sustained assault on the tear ducts.
0.4 My Sister's Keeper ducks some of the bigger moral dilemmas, which may have added more grit. There again this is not a film with grit on its mind, just how quickly it can have you reaching for a handkerchief.
0.6 My Sister's Keeper becomes a well-heeled weepie in which the family's comfortable existence, despite the misfortunes of fate, is hardly challenged at all.
0.2 This movie cheapens the experience of a family struggling to come to terms with the impending loss of a loved one. Cry? I very nearly did. Just not in the way Cameron probably hoped.
0.5 The acting is excellent, but I can't say that My Sister's Keeper provides anything more than the standard TV movie ...
0.5 Where restraint might have raised up My Sister's Keeper, a heavy hand has brought it down.
0.4 What might have been a pretty heady work quickly gives way to shameless manipulation and a screenplay that's both sloppy and contrived.
0.5 The movie is a wafer thin translation of a really good book
0.875 ...consistently manages to rise above its similarly-themed, undeniably low-rent brethren...
1.0 Easily the most poignant picture of the year, achieved without resorting to manipulative soap opera devices.
0.8 Tears will be shed as the promised courtroom drama is displaced by other developments - Joan Cusack almost steals the pic as the lachrymose judge who has lost a young daughter herself.
0.585 A mostly contrived and uneven drama that lacks nuances and fails to pack an emotional punch, but at least it's mildly engaging thanks to warm, heartfelt performances and exquisite cinematography.
0.4 Two hours later I felt as if I was heartless, as all this film did was make me wish I had the last two hours back even after all the melodramatic pain and suffering.
0.75 Contrived or not, sad is sad, and My Sister's Keeper will have all but the most cement-hearted reaching for tissue.
0.8 Given how easily the filmmakers could have cranked up the string section and gone for the quivering lip in soft focus, their restraint is admirable.
0.6 Sad drama has heavy themes about and illness, family.
0.4 Call me crazy or overly conservative, but I find it completely reprehensible to have another child simply to use as an organ and tissue farm for another kid.
0.625 A mawkish yet worthy enough addition to the summer line-up.
0.5 My Sister's Keeper targets tear ducts so ruthlessly, it might as well be sponsored by Kleenex.
0.875 Uneven but deeply moving.
0.875 A film that overcomes an obscenely melodramatic setup to come by its tears honorably.
0.4 True, it's as contrived as the genre gets, but it nevertheless left me mourning the movie that might have been.
0.5 Undeniably manipulative, not only in its plot, but in its dramatization of it.
0.75 The weepfest movie of the summer, but it has more going for it than that.
0.4 My Sister's Keeper takes on a very tough subject, but ultimately it is too soft, too easy, and it dissolves like a tear-soaked tissue.
0.875 My Sister's Keeper humanizes vexing questions about medical ethics without sacrificing rattling family drama.
0.625 Although the compelling courtroom drama gets forgotten for much of the movie, My Sister's Keeper also is relatively realistic about the physical and emotional toll of disease.
0.6 My Sister's Keeper is a rare tearjerker where the viewer doesn't feel jerked around (most of the time).
0.75 Director Nick Cassavetes relies too much on montages with wispy songs about yearning and unicorns, but he gracefully balances the film's multiple viewpoints, which help us understand that the film's issues are not black and white.
0.75 My Sister's Keeper isn't quite a keeper, but it's a sturdy melodrama that earns those copious tears.
0.875 With solid performances and an intelligent script, My Sister's Keeper offers a moving and powerfully realistic portrait of a family stalked by tragedy that somehow manages to emerge from crisis battered but intact.
0.5 My Sister's Keeper takes a compelling ethical dilemma and turns it into formulaic pap by trying relentlessly to ensure an emotional reaction with sentimental exploitation and plot contrivances.
0.625 Faced with a clear choice between an entirely original story and one told a thousand times before, director and co-writer Nick Cassavetes takes the easy, well trodden path.
0.75 An outrageous Lifetime Television courthouse drama, constructed in the artful style of a Sundance drama...
0.6 As an example of the age old Hollywood weeper as post-modern semi-serious character study, Nick Cassavete's My Sister's Keeper is too safe to be wholly successful, too powerful to be merely pushed aside.
0.4 What an agonizing, misguided, maudlin mess!
0.6 If My Sister's Keeper feels melodramatic and contrived, it is, at least, sincerely so.
0.6 My Sister's Keeper, like all tearjerkers, works as a ritual as much as it does art.
0.625 My Sister's Keeper offers a couple of twists, one of them crucial and the other cruelly unnecessary and melodramatic.
0.25 My Sister's Keeper has a gutsy premise, but no guts.
0.2 Two straight hours of emotional torture porn that is so brutally assaultive in its determination to jerk tears from viewers that it practically leaps off the screen and into their laps in order to get to them quicker.
0.75 A motion picture of notable sensitivity and beauty, hamstrung emotions kept to a minimum. Tough, touchy, provocative, and exceptionally moving.
0.5 A moving story, but the film's overly romantic tone rings hollow.
0.5 Don't avoid My Sister's Keeper because it's a film about a serious issue. Avoid it because it approaches that issue like a very special episode of Grey's Anatomy -- complete with whining pop songs and all the comforts of cliche.
0.4 A shameless attempt at manipulation that wants but doesn't earn audience tears.
0.75 Keeper, striving to manipulate the audience, goes on a little longer than it should. However, the performances are so true that it's easy to forgive such unneeded, straight-to-the-heartstrings tactics.
0.5 You may cry at the film's designated crying times, approximately every 10 minutes, like the traffic and weather. Or you may not, and wonder instead why some high-gloss weepies treat their source material quite so shamelessly.
0.5 Less an exercise in catharsis than an obstacle course of premise-heavy, flashback-drenched plot points, it's an emotional flat-liner, even though virtually every character (including Alec Baldwin as the lawyer) carries some hurt or grief.
0.5 It's beautifully shot and skillfully acted, but My Sister's Keeper, an earnest family-faces-cancer drama, is a bit like a real-world horror film with 'heart,' right down to the trick ending.
0.5 This ethical drama tries to make people think about medical and family dilemmas while wringing a few tears out of them along the way.
0.375 A perfect example of a disease-of-the-week movie done wrong.
0.5 This book hasn't been adapted, it's been taken outside and shot.
0.4 Wailing and screaming and fighting with everyone else onscreen, Cameron Diaz is giving a powerhouse performance her character doesn't warrant.
0.375 My Sister's Keeper suffers from sheer sloppiness of script that results in scenes of comedic frivolity coming off as screechingly forced.
0.8 My Sister's Keeper doesn't pull any punches, and it doesn't tell any lies, and it earns every feeling and thought and memory it brings to the audience.
0.4 an overly sentimental movie-of-the-week, masquerading as counterprogramming to Michael Bay's box-office-blasting robots.
0.5 Unsubtleties be damned, our defenses fall. Meanwhile, Cassavetes' reign as the go-to waterworks man remains uncontested.
0.5 It's a family melodrama that never misses the opportunity for a heartbreaking, acoustic musical montage that brims with portent, as if we could forget that losing a child is hard and terrible.
0.45 Like an amalgam of every "ABC After-School Special" ever made ... makes most Lifetime Channel movies seem competent by comparison.
0.875 My Sister's Keeper is an immediate audience-grabber.
0.375 A shamelessly manipulative film that proves insulting rather than moving.
0.5 Ttries so hard to check in with everybody (dad, brother, sister, mom, etc.) that it doesn't get close enough to anyone.
0.375 The infuriating cop-out ending reduces the premise to mush.
0.7 A lot of things don't work that well in My Sister's Keeper, a tearjerker adapted from Jodi Picoult's best-seller. But one thing is guaranteed: The movie practically forces you to shed a tear or two.
0.8 Films that present a moral dilemma and make us consider the unthinkable are as rare as bargain popcorn in the summer. Cassavetes manages that feat and turns this weeper into a keeper.
0.7 While this little wrencher works, cinematically, perfectly well, the truth is, this one is going to piss off a whole lot of people.
0.6 It's a role that Crawford was born to play, but ultimately the film is too campy to be memorable.
0.75 Possessed does have a few very good insights into the self-abasing aggressiveness of unrequited love.
0.6 ...when the entire production is clearly infused with such goodwill, it does add to its emotional impact.
0.6 A heartfelt, creditable picture.
1.0 The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion.
1.0 Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect.
0.8 A really well-made film.
0.8 The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet.
0.75 [Features] three of the best performances of 2005.
0.875 Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer.
1.0 With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love.
1.0 Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke.
1.0 Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director.
0.8 Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout.
0.6 Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids.
0.93 This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory.
0.8 Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before.
0.8 Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch.
0.4 This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates.
0.8 A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another.
1.0 Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven.
1.0 Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true.
0.8 what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time
0.8 To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee.
0.9 Performances throughout are superb.
0.875 Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed
0.8 There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list.
0.8 The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual.
0.3 On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film.
1.0 There were plenty of contenders in 2004 but only one that truly was a heavyweight.
0.9 Not a movie I would necessarily see again, saw twice, but while watching it, impossible to think about anything else.
1.0 After the twist, audiences may shy away from the complex moral issues portrayed and leave somewhat unenthused. Others might find the film too depressing for their enjoyment.
0.9 The Cliche'd Sports Movie That Almost Was - and Thankfully Wasn't . . . the movie stops being about boxing, and becomes entirely something else
1.0 A movie that shines with life and excitement and sorrow. It's an emotionally overwhelming experience.
0.9 Million Dollar Baby is about intelligent, ambitious people we respect and sympathize with, making the viewing experience actually satisfying, unlike, say, Mystic river.
1.0 Un Knock Out Cinematografico
0.95 It has stereotypical underdog elements, but Eastwood, Swank, and Freeman are so powerful in the film, that it seems fresh.
1.0 Packs a K.O. punch...and does so with exceptional cinematic grace, a powerful emotional sting, and without breaking a sweat.
0.8 Cmo no conmoverse cuando un gigante de hierro como Eastwood desnuda toda su vulnerabilidad emocional frente a la pantalla? El tipo se hace lgrimas, y nosotros con l.
0.75 While the movie is set in the world of boxing, it covers a lot of other important issues and relationships. Some of you will find the ending has a moral issue.
1.0 The first two-thirds of Million Dollar Baby is a typical sports film skillfully made. Then, the third act rolls in like a thundercloud.
1.0 a lean, modern film noir that places a touching surrogate father-daughter relationship among the inky shadows and crumbling walls of a fading corner of Los Angeles
1.0 It doesn't matter if you love boxing or hate it; Million Dollar Baby is a powerful and unforgettably human story.
0.8125 There's something about boxing - a.k.a. the most barbaric sport on earth - that the camera loves.
0.625 What appears to be a boxing film is really a study on dealing with guilt, responsibility for risk, and personal drive.
1.0 After Freeman refers to a place that exists "somewhere between nowhere and goodbye," we realize he's identified the dark space inhabited by all the film's characters.
1.0 It is not a great movie because it strives to be important, but because it simply tries to tell a story of people who enter each other's lives, endure a series of struggles and triumphs, and emerge forever changed.
1.0 a simple, unadorned story that just happens to touch on some big-issue themes usually left for Oscar-bait movies.
1.0 'The simplicity of the tale on the surface belies the depth of feeling that comes roaring out from behind Eastwood's enduring squint.'
1.0 ... a deeply felt (but never feel-good) father-daughter love story - and one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made.
1.0 Making a movie like Million Dollar Baby requires a certain toughness, to challenge the conventions of a movie genre and make them feel fresh and new.
1.0 Eastwood seems liberated by old age, doing some of his best and most profound work as an actor and director.
0.9 There shouldn't be any question about whether Clint Eastwood has earned his place in the pantheon of American cinema.
0.875 Arguably the best, most consistent movie Clint Eastwood has made since his Oscar-winning Western Unforgiven in 1992.
1.0 There is no question about the status of Million Dollar Baby as a work that instantly ranks on the short list of Essential Eastwood.
1.0 'This is, hands down, Eastwood's greatest performance on screen.'
0.875 Eastwood tells his story in a straightforward manner; no fancy camera tricks or angles. ... His no-frills, unadorned style ... is well-suited for the subject matter.
0.8 [A] solid boxing drama.
1.0 A knockout.
0.75 Million Dollar Baby earns your eight or nine bucks.
0.875 An unvarnished, reflective and tightly focused tale of loyalty and sacrifice.
1.0 Ranks among the all-time heavyweights of sports movies.
1.0 This film is a dramatic powerhouse, thanks to a jarring third act that explores themes far darker than 'overcoming adversity' or 'going the distance.'
0.875 At 74 and directing his 25th film, (Clint) Eastwood just keeps getting better behind the camera.
0.8 It's above average. But it ain't the greatest of the year. Sorry, Clint.
0.8 It is a gritty, funny, moving tale of taking risks, taking stands and facing the consequences. And it alternately feels way too familiar and surprises us as it stakes out its thematic territory and then takes a huge, provocative risk of its own.
1.0 One of the finest character dramas ever made.
0.5 It's strange that so many have mistaken its dull sincerity for something profound and moving.
0.6 For all its pretensions to elevating the genre, is seldom more than just another boxing movie.
0.9 While we&#8217;ve come to expect a certain Spartan beauty to the look and feel of Clint Eastwood&#8217;s films, here he plumbs new emotional depths as both an actor and director.
0.625 A thematically inconsistent and dramatically unsatisfying false idol that has been strangely elevated to the level of Clint Eastwood's actual masterpieces.
1.0 Lulls you to sleep in its familiar rhythms and genre checkpoints, methodically - almost secretly - working its way toward a knockout conclusion.
1.0 Sombrio, complexo e instigante.
1.0 The best movie of 2004, edging out Sideways by a half-whisker.
1.0 ... Has caused people to take note for the best reason of all: it is a brilliant film.
0.875 Eastwood is the ultimate sparring partner when it comes to his latest prize-winning knockout Baby...displays its badge of cynicism and quiet despair
1.0 Million Dollar Baby is a masterful piece of work by Eastwood that stays with you long after leaving the theater.
0.875 True to the unspoken desperation and disillusionment that toughens or chews up career-undercard boxers, tinged with post-feminist complexity and rich with classical metaphor.
0.4 A competently assembled collection of tired cliches, ham-handed sentiment, murky photography and predictable melodrama.
0.875 This film that is directed and stars Clint Eastwood is perhaps his most emotional, most mature, most heart-felt film of his career.
0.8 Ripe with boxing movie cliches and slow to the point of distraction, this melancholy tale of an ageing trainer and the girl pugilist he takes under his wing nonetheless packs a stunning emotional punch.
1.0 The actor-director takes a dark look at another venerable archetype, the prize fighter, and in the process has created a masterpiece of American pulp noir.
1.0 A glorious knockout punch of a movie.
0.7 Bring Kleenex.
0.8 The fight scenes are well-handled and Eastwood includes several nice touches, such as the way Maggie practically gallops into every fight, or the smile on Frankie's face when she wins her first match.
0.9 [Eastwood] appears to be in the middle of a Luis Bunuel-sized career renaissance.
0.5 At one point, we're told that boxing moves require fighters to pivot in a counter-intuitive fashion, but except for that ghastly twist there's nothing unpredictable about this movie.
0.9 Eastwood successfully camouflages this layered human morality tale as a boxing film
0.875 A testament to Eastwood's ability to tell a story and find the human truth at its core.
0.8 This movie packs a solid entertainment punch.
0.4 Manipulative, demeans religious trust and Catholicity, is anti-hope, anti-family, pro euthanasia propaganda, brutalizes femininity, and is terminally depressing.
0.4 A phony, simplistic and cheap way for Eastwood to address an important and complicated social issue. At least Swank kicks butt.
0.875 I don't feel the third act delivers the knock-out blow that's intended, but it's still a technical decision win for Eastwood, Swank and Freeman.
1.0 It's rare that we see a movie that gives its characters a spiritual dimension; and rarer still that the director isn't making a heavy-handed statement with it.
1.0 One of the many pleasures of this beautifully composed, measured movie is how it reminds you of the power of pure storytelling -- an art that's too often overlooked in contemporary films in the rush for sensation and excitement.
0.875 Freeman's doleful, musical narration gives Million Dollar Baby its haunting beauty.
1.0 When you think you know its moves, it throws in fancy footwork. Then it sucker-punches you when you're not looking.
1.0 It may be that only Spencer Tracy and Paul Newman (and can someone explain to me how Eastwood and Newman have avoided making a movie together?) aged as well and as interestingly onscreen.
1.0 Confident, powerful, a thing of deceptively effortless beauty, Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby shifts its weight in the late rounds -- having seduced us with a gritty underdog tale -- and delivers a body blow.
1.0 It is Clint Eastwood's autumnal masterpiece.
1.0 The new picture takes its time, gives its actors room to breathe, and isn't afraid to strike a hokey note if it reveals something important. Real life, after all, is full of hokiness.
0.75 Million probably seems better than it is because Eastwood's directing instincts are so sound.
1.0 Saying this movie is about boxing is akin to saying Citizen Kane is about a sled.
1.0 It's a story about passion and dedication to a dream. It's a story about the need to believe in yourself and what you're doing. It's a story about lost opportunities and second chances.
0.75 It's slow like sweet molasses, careful and textured.
0.75 ...a tribute to the director-star's admirable work ethic more than anything else.
1.0 It doesn't get any better than this knock-out of a film.
1.0 Not just another in a string of masterworks, but also one of the greatest boxing films of all time.
1.0 An uncompromising and darkly intimate portrayal of risk, resolution and dark, dark places.
1.0 Absolutely one of the best films that Clint Eastwood's ever made. Think about that.
1.0 For Clint Eastwood, grim is good, very good.
0.625 Million Dollar Baby has a simple premise made better by studying the relationships between the characters, but it takes too wild of a turn towards the end for my taste.
0.9 Million Dollar Baby packs an emotional punch that knocks the wind out of its audience like no movie has in years.
0.6 Its originality sucker punches you in the face and you barely have time to recover.
1.0 The performances of the three leads are perfect, so we don't care that we don't know what lies right outside the Hit Pit.
1.0 A perfect film.
0.8 We can see why Warner Bros. decided to move it up a couple of months for the awards season.
1.0 The most profoundly moving platonic love story of the year. It may be time to wheel out another batch of Career Achievement Awards for Mr. Eastwood.
1.0 It has the gloom and transcendence of an old man's wisdom.
0.625 2 good acts of Rocky Lite before it switches genres for the last act, a long and tedious tearjerker that turns this way overrated film into just an okay picture.
0.875 Million Dollar Baby makes the line between subtle and obvious seem finer than it is, and delivers its one-two punches Old-Hollywood-style.
0.875 it's when 'Baby' sheds the gloves that the drama truly takes off. And take off it does, in an utterly unexpected direction that's certain to startle...
0.2 Don't believe the hype about Clint Eastwood's boxing pic: This cliche-filled mess is a fixed fight.
1.0 It's a brave piece of work that's more than just moving -- it's genuinely upsetting, and haunting.
0.8 In a year of fairly disappointing year-end pictures, the pick of the litter.
1.0 Turn convention upside down with its stirring portrayal of paternity, passion, mortality, and loyalty
0.875 A breathtaking human drama that will leave you speechless.
0.6 Aims to articulate the sport's appeal... One isn't completely convinced by the end of the film that the point has been made, but the attempt is a valiant one.
0.9 Clint Eastwood and Hilary Swank deliver a powerful one-two punch that will knock your socks off and hit you squarely in the heart.
0.8 This film has a quiet confidence that catches the rhythms of both a strong story and engaging performances
1.0 Eastwood deserves accolades as both director and star of this powerfully made picture.
0.8 [Has] a lot going for it: excellent performances, the director's unique touch, and yet another angle of commentary on America's institutionalization of violence.
1.0 As good as Unforgiven. Or, to put it another way, as good as any movie Eastwood has ever directed.
0.7 A fine, understated piece of storytelling that earns every emotional body blow it lands.
0.8 A story well told about lessons well learned, and if Clint wants to keep making more like them, he should.
1.0 Eastwood scores a knockout as an actor and director with Million Dollar Baby, a spare, exquisitely realized masterpiece about faith, redemption and boxing that beautifully illustrates his longtime philosophy that 'less is more.'
0.5 It worked in 1962 with Requiem for a Heavyweight, a shame it hasn't gotten any fresher in the intervening forty-two years.
0.875 A movie that approaches the level of great boxing films, like Raging Bull, by using sport as a metaphor for human nature.
1.0 While I wouldn't place Million Dollar Baby on quite as exalted a pedestal as last year's Mystic River and 1992's Unforgiven ... this unlikely female boxer movie may well be the best-directed of Eastwood's filmmaking career.
0.9 The film belongs to Swank.
0.75 Like a title bout that goes through seven rounds of friendly push and poke before exploding into a knockout combination.
1.0 Clint Eastwood delivers a knockout punch with this uncompromising boxing-ring drama about faith, trust and redemption.
1.0 Million Dollar Baby may be the first boxing movie to take the cliche of life imitating the 'art' and make it not feel like just another line.
0.875 Remarkable.
1.0 Baby has the taut, grim, cold look of a noir out of time. It becomes a classic Eastwood movie and Frankie becomes a classic Eastwood role.
0.9 A haunting and beautiful story of the human spirit.
1.0 Any doubt that Eastwood ranks among America's finest filmmakers should forever be dispelled thanks to this unexpectedly brilliant masterpiece.
0.875 Eastwood's powers as a director have never been in question, but who knew he had this amazing performance left inside of him?
0.875 Eastwood deserves another Best Picture nomination. Here's a man who has finally put Dirty Harry to rest.
0.9 When did Clint Eastwood find the time to pour his heart and soul into Million Dollar Baby?
0.875 The knockout punch comes from Eastwood. His stripped-down performance -- as powerful as anything he's ever done -- has a rugged, haunting beauty.
1.0 An emotionally powerful drama about a woman boxer, a crusty old trainer, and their journey of the heart-one of the year's best
0.875 Absolutely riveting entertainment. Takes a formulaic blueprint, tramples it to the floor, and comes up with something altogether more penetrating, touching, and real.
0.875 Another act of faith from Clint Eastwood, Million Dollar Baby may be the best American film of 2004.
0.7 Hilary Swank knocks us out.
0.4 Not quite a career low for John Travolta -- Two of a Kind was still to come -- but one he nevertheless would probably love to forget.
0.0 It all amounts to an embarrassing show of unrestrained, Hollywood-style egomania.
0.2 If not quite one of the worst sequels ever made, it's near the top of the list of all-time most disappointing sequels. Writer-director Stallone stupidly attempts to turn Tony Manero into a dancing Rocky.
0.25 A slick, commercial cinematic jukebox, a series of self-contained song-and-dance sequences that could be cut apart and played forever on MTV -- which is probably what will happen.
0.4 Was this sequel really necessary? Nope.
0.3 A sequel with no understanding of what made its predecessor work.
0.4 Saturday Night Fever through the eyes of Stallone.
0.29 So horrific are the musical sequences in this movie that you'll swear you were having nightmares directed by Satan himself.
0.2 1.5
0.4 More like staying dead...a monotonous and unnecessary sequel that has all the grace and flow of a greased hog on rollerskates
0.2 The words 'directed by Sylvester Stallone' say it all.
0.4 This film constantly falls flat on its face.
0.91 Put in short, the film is chaos, but glorious, wondrous chaos that lets us see what genius looks like from the inside.
1.0 I'm attaching four stars more out of helplessness than critical acumen, by the way; if the film is beyond language, it's certainly beyond a traditional rating system.
0.5 Throughout this enigmatic film's short running time, I couldn't for the life of me make out what Godard was trying to say.
0.7 If this kind of synaptic brainstorm sounds like an invigorating cinematic experience, I'm here to tell you that watching Goodbye to Language on a big screen will be 70 minutes well spent.
1.0 The single film from 2014 that most actively tries to find a new language for filmmakers to inhabit, and honestly, it might be the most consistently captivating one as well.
0.75 The reason to buy a ticket is to take the ride, though, and seeing what 84-year-old Godard does when given an extra dimension is intensely fascinating.
0.75 Jean-Luc Godard is the acknowledged mascot, if not master, of intellectual cinema. In "Goodbye to Language 3D" the 84-year-old auteur... reprises his longstanding suspicion that words are worthless.
0.875 Shooting on various low- and medium-grade digital cameras, Godard turns "Goodbye to Language" into a rumination on memory, communication, everyday life and sexual tension.
0.8 Even at a brisk 70 minutes, Goodbye to Language is dense with too many ideas and innovations to unpick on one viewing.
0.5 Compared with Captain America or whatever, Goodbye is "revolutionary." But so what?
0.875 It leaves me almost speechless, slightly mystified, strangely wistful and perhaps with a mild case of eye strain, but delighted nonetheless.
0.25 "Goodbye to Language" seems like an appropriate title if it's meant to suggest that logic and sanity have completely disappeared from this world.
0.625 Reviews of Jean-Luc Godard's latest film... generally include the phrase "not for everybody." So the potential viewer has to ask herself or himself: "Am I everybody?" Turns out I'm not.
0.6 There's a lot to unpack here, but even if you're just staring slackjawed, like an idiot who will figure this all out later, it can be a lot of actual, honest-to-god fun - and usually very funny.
0.875 Watching it is, I would imagine, as close as we'll get to being able to be Godard, sitting there thinking, or dreaming. It's a documentary of a restless mind.
0.0 Lots of luck figuring any of this out before dozing off.
0.6 At 83, Godard continues to push boundaries, even if his latest movie may baffle all but the most devoted film theorists.
0.6 It is there to jolt, to challenge, to disrupt: the old Brechtian imperative.
0.8 The innovation raises the spirits, but gives you a splitting headache. That's how it is with Godard, who revels in his dreams so willfully that the results are frequently frustrating and opaque.
0.2 Goodbye to Language can be oddly, ineffably mesmerising, though for those of us who appreciate the notion of storytelling will leave rather unfulfilled
0.8 The elder filmmaker's take on our world of separations and alienation.
1.0 Cinema is a vernacular of domination, and quaking with revelations both formal and personal, the film attests that Godard has spent his career apologizing for it.
0.625 It's something of a miracle that a filmmaker still has the capacity to wow an audience with the aid of those bulky glasses.
0.8 Aside from anything else, Godard has made the most striking use of 3D since that unlovely medium came back into vogue.
0.8 The master still knows what he is doing even if we often don't.
0.875 In a world in which eight nearly identical Friday the 13th movies offer the adventures of Jason the ax-murderer as entertainment for teen-agers, maybe we do need this sobering alternative.
0.75 A powerful, original look at the hopeless urban underclass in the American city, where lost people nibble at the garbage of our culture -- in a kind of perverse application of the "trickle-down" theory -- hating themselves and us all the while.
1.0 McNaughton's rough, non-judgemental direction gives the film a stylishly chilling documentary feel, while the killer's use of a camcorder asks some challengingly uncomfortable questions about voyeurism and the nature of screen violence.
0.6 The film is an honest and disturbing attempt to come to grips with the sort of modern horror that we must -- more urgently every day -- try to understand.
0.75 This movie is not really about a killer, but about killing -- the way killing is depicted in the movies and the way movie audiences have been conditioned to react to such violence.
1.0 The difference between John McNaughton's incredibly chilling film and the usual serving of screen carnage is the difference between the mind of a murderer and the cynical and manipulative depiction of mindless murder.
0.75 McNaughton's direction combines a strict social realism with a cool, Fritz Langian sense of pre-determination, while his work with actors has the improvisational freshness of a John Cassavetes.
0.9 The film is diabolically driven by Michael Rooker, who embodies the fractured, disconnected personality of Henry.
0.8 The flipside of the '80s teen slasher genre, John McNaughton's movie manages to go beyond the disquieting, distressing or even disturbing. It's downright dismaying.
0.8 From a technical standpoint, Henry is amateurish. But ultimately it's not the gilded frame that made it a modern horror classic, but its unblinking portrait of a remorseless killer who stares back at the audience and forces them to turn away.
0.8 This is sicko territory with a vengeance but certainly has an impact.
0.5 Certainly not for everyone, but if slasher movies are your cup of tea this is a lot better than most, and the use of Chicago locations is especially effective.
0.8 Genuinely frightening.
0.6 A genuinely upsetting film that's guaranteed to make you more paranoid.
0.6 Longe de tracar o "retrato de um assassino", o filme apela para o choque barato, mas evita o fracasso absoluto em funcao da forca das performances de Rooker, Towles e Arnold.
0.875 As an emotional map, Henry is decidedly raw, personal, and unrelenting.
0.6 Chilling.
1.0 Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer surely ranks as one of the most frightening and disturbing films ever made.
0.6 There are still some shocks.
1.0 John McNaughton's haunting film is a grim journey into the life of its twisted subject that refuses to moralise or judge.
1.0 Henry Lee Lucas was mostly a liar in real life, but that doesn't stop the movie from being one truly disturbing journey/
0.8 Henry is a glimpse into the void that will chill, terrify and haunt you with the infinite evil in the hearts of ordinary people.
0.625 Part of the time it's art house cinema, the rest of the time its horror schlock.
1.0 Unflinching, rough, and ugly. Also a damn good movie.
0.625 I have some admiration for this film. But I also have no desire ever to see it again.
0.875 A low-budget tour de force that provides an unforgettable portrait of the pathology of a man for whom killing is not a crime but simply a way of passing time and relieving boredom.
0.875 MacNaughton's direction is extremely bland, although I don't mean that negatively: he portrays Henry in a very realistic manner, not adding any wild directing techniques to what he does, and because of this digs deeper into the character.
0.8 Powerful, raw, terrifying, and shocking filmmaking.
0.4 A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
0.5 If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
0.5 The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
0.625 Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
0.5 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
0.5 The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
1.0 While the script and the performances are simply dazzling, it is notable, too, for the screen debuts of Timothy Dalton and a combustible Anthony Hopkins.
1.0 O'Toole holds his own with the magnificent Hepburn in a witty, literate, and inventive script.
0.8 It's stagey and mannered, but it still feels sleek and modern.
1.0 Peter O'TOole and Katharine Hepburn are superb as the bickering, yet loving Henry II and his meddling wife Eleanor of Aquitaine.
1.0 One of the joys which movies provide too rarely is the opportunity to see a literate script handled intelligently. The Lion in Winter triumphs at that difficult task...
0.8 You'll either love or reject the idea of history as sitcom; either way, the lead performances are hard to deny.
0.4 Boring and overrated. Good acting.
0.8 Theatrical and talky, but it's good talk by great performers.
0.8 The cast is truly in top form. Hepburn and O'Toole play off of each other beautifully.
0.8 Less historical spectacle than vicious farce, this boasts a great cast spitting venomous dialogue and a young Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as gay lovers destined to rule England and France.
0.8 Fascinating story too complex for young viewers.
0.8 It's a good movie. It's just not a movie for which I can work up much personal enthusiasm.
0.75 Bio-pic chronicles quadriplegic Ramon's Sampredo's 28-year crusade to legalize euthanasia in order that he be allowed to die with dignity.
0.75 The film is worth seeing, but only if you're prepared to set aside your aversion to its polemic in order to experience its compassion.
0.8 An intelligent and moving treatment of a potentially maudlin subject matter.
0.875 The result, as imagined by Amenabar, who co-wrote the screenplay with Mateo Gil, is like watching the human spirit flash before your eyes.
1.0 Javier Bardem gives a remarkable, delicately honed performance.
0.8 Rare is the motion picture which grapples with issues this provocative and profound. Rarer still is one which does so this well.
0.625 Respectable but undistinguished, and it places a distant second to 2004's other award winner about euthanasia (don't ask, won't tell).
0.9 Bardem's performance, a true triumph of face acting, imbues the character with simultaneous impish mischief and weary resignation.
0.875 It's curious that the assisted-suicide debate over a late plot twist in Million Dollar Baby didn't rage over this one. After all, Amenabar is dealing with a real life.
1.0 A lyrical and warm film.
1.0 If ever there was a film that deserved to get the proverbial bump from Oscar, this is it. Rarely has any film so focused on death felt so vibrantly alive.
0.625 Built around Bardem's immobile presence, the film can't help but seem stolidly monumental even as it explores issues that are heart-wrenchingly personal.
0.8 Un viaje doloroso, claro, pero cargado de esperanza y optimismo. (...)Amenabar (...) ha hecho una pelicula sobre el deseo de morir que, en realidad, esta llena de vida.
1.0 The journey to death can be tremendously life-affirming.
0.7 Bardem contributes layers of weariness and passion that gives us a visceral understanding of the life his character is mourning for.
0.75 What really makes the film watchable is yet another terrific lead performance by Javier Bardem, an actor who only gets better with age.
0.75 While Bardem delivers Sampedro's pleas for a dignified death with eloquence and conviction, Amenabar's depiction of that life suggests the director isn't entirely convinced.
0.875 The Sea Inside is a heartbreaking triumph. And Alejandro Amenabar is poised to become one of cinema's great talents.
0.9 For whatever reason, it's an injustice that Bardem was not nominated for best actor.
0.8 Mar Adentro, assim como a propria vida de Sampedro, funciona principalmente para nos forcar a uma analise interior que pode revelar-se impiedosa e surpreendente.
0.8 Impressively made drama that is both moving and thought-provoking, thanks to a strong script and a powerful central performance by Javier Bardem.
0.8 A brave and densely compelling film that tackles euthanasia better than Flint Sweatwood in Zillion Gallor Maybe. I promise no spoilers.
0.875 Ultimately, this is one man's story, told with great empathy, and Amenabar deserves great credit for lifting the film above the soap-opera sentimentality into which it could have easily fallen.
0.625 It has a striking deficit. It tends to generalize from too winning a single case.
0.75 Amenabar shows us the aching depth of Sampedro's loss and makes his most eloquent statement on behalf of a man who only wanted control of his destiny.
0.875 In death is found a profound argument for life.
0.75 A deceptively well-put-together film.
0.88 The combination of a deeply troubling issue, a powerful screenplay, deft direction and a bravura lead performance make this a memorable and moving film.
0.375 It comes as no surprise to learn that Javier Bardem, the virile and charismatic Spanish actor, is capable of turning on the charisma even working only from the neck up. What is alarming is realizing that the rest of the movie he's in is paralyzed as well.
1.0 A magical film about many forms of love and about the energy of life.
0.75 Never once does this film sacrifice its moral ideas or complexity of character on the cheap altar of sentimentality.
0.75 What could have been a preachy biopic becomes poetry in the hands of the gifted director and writer and editor and composer Alejandro Amenabar.
0.5 It's very simple and streamlined, and all that's left is Bardem's bid for Oscar glory.
0.375 A miserable little gimp-of-the-week exercise awash with cliches and platitudes that the real Sampedro would probably have found condescending.
0.375 Bardem tackles the juicy acting challenge of playing someone paralyzed from the neck down by... simply pasting an obnoxiously smug, serial killer-creepy grin on his mug.
1.0 Bardem still manages to fill the room with his presence, and he deeply moves us with his portrayal of this man who's learned "to cry with a smile".
1.0 This film balances moments of dreamy spirituality with the salty harshness of family disputes.
0.6 You want to like Ramon and what's more you want Ramon to like himself.
0.75 For the most part, the film stays steady-on, celebrating one man's crusade -- and one family's heartbreak.
0.875 That a film about euthanasia can also be so life-affirming is astounding, and it mostly can be attributed to Bardem's genius.
0.7 The result isn't an easy film, but it is rewarding.
0.875 Focuses on life, not death, and in doing so establishes the sanctity of individual ownership of an existence.
0.875 This is a sublime drama, one that, for all its concern for Sampedro's struggle for death, is truly a celebration of life.
0.625 It's still just a soap opera, wrapped around an argument. And it's one we've heard half-a-dozen times before.
1.0 Based on a true story, the movie has abundant humor and uplift -- but it's a heartbreaker of extraordinary dimension.
0.625 The film is based on a true story, but that doesn't stop Amenabar from inventing certain characters and incidents to further his tearjerker agenda -- and court Oscar voters, who love this kind of high-toned schmaltz.
0.75 Bardem gives Sampedro enough vulnerability, fear and touchiness to keep the character's limp feet on the ground.
0.75 The movie invites us to decide if we are pleased or not. I agree with Ramon that, in the last analysis, the decision should be his to make: to be or not to be.
0.5 It's such a repetitive and thinly constructed piece of filmmaking that the scope and complexity of Sampedro's case are turned to porridge.
0.75 Bardem is brilliant.
0.875 Amenabar's lyricism and Bardem's keen projection of dignified commitment enable The Sea Inside movingly to evoke humanity affronted...
0.7 Javier Bardem delivers another terrific performance (this guy can do no wrong). He transforms into a man 30 years his senior, and he's totally believable.
0.6 It is engaging, but not penetrating.
0.8 [Takes] viewers to a place they won't feel comfortable in but should spend at least a little time exploring.
1.0 It's a potent blend of emotional and cerebral filmmaking anchored by what may be the year's most impressive performance by the supremely talented Bardem.
0.875 Without lifting a finger, Javier Bardem gives the most stirring performance of the year.
0.9 One of the most profound and uplifting dramas of the year.
0.875 Bardem, who continues to make a good case that he is among a handful of the best screen actors alive, is totally transformed.
0.5 The Sea Inside, the story of a quadriplegic activist fighting for the right to die, struggles to transcend the disease-of-the-week genre to which it belongs.
0.75 Bardem accomplishes something extraordinary. Eschewing easy sympathy, he creates a real person, real pain.
0.8 A truly unique and thought-provoking love story that showcases another career-defining performance by the talented Javier Bardem
0.4 a vanity project that, from top to bottom, proves unequal to the task of unlocking the existential truths at the heart of Ramon Sampedro's story
0.875 Amenabar maintains a low-key approach that preserves the film's emotional integrity while still making a powerful statement.
1.0 The Sea Inside is one of the best films of the year with a bravura performance by Javier Bardem that is both tender and poignant.
1.0 The Sea Inside is an inspiring, positively mesmerizing film. Javier Bardem, radiates within his character providing one of film's most powerful performances to date.
0.9 Superb filmmaking and devastating performances make it a must-see
0.75 A manipulative melodrama wrapped up in a nice package with an attractive bow.
1.0 A film about death that is consistently brimming with life.
0.375 The Sea Inside is a four-hankie salute to the Oscar gods!
0.75 It's Bardem's acting that makes it easy enough to overlook the film's occasional jaunts into melodrama...
1.0 Complemented with a gorgeous musical score which he conducted, Amenabar and Bardem combine to tell such a beautiful story
0.9 The subject of euthanasia is not likely to be better addressed or more cinematically presented. It's enough to make you feel guilty about the film's entertainment values.
0.875 Oscar talk will start early for Javier Bardem's masterly performance here.
0.8 Un poema hermoso de forma y fondo.
1.0 Crowe's interpretation of this tortured genius is textured and complex.
1.0 A Beautiful Mind is the best film yet from director Howard.
0.6 Crowe is convincingly skittish and bounces enjoyably off Paul Bettany, while Jennifer Connelly earns her Oscar in the would-be thankless role of suffering wife. But this is as dishonest as Hollywood biography gets.
0.6 A Beautiful Mind reveals only glimpses of the dark story beneath its sunny imagery, but the performances carry enough weight for it to stand for something.
0.6 Tthe film's overweening desire to be taken seriously gets in the way of the story.
0.8 Cynics will hate it, but others will rightfully see it as a great cinematic accomplishment which is backed by excellent performances, great direction, a moving score and exquisite cinematography.
1.0 Oscar-winning biopic is too intense for tweens.
1.0 Crowe, Goldsman and Howard aren't trying to solicit love or tears for John Nash, as detractors bitterly claimed. "A Beautiful Mind" sought only acknowledgement of the silent, invisible and brave struggle that so many with mental illnesses endure each day.
0.8 I can't deny how solidly it's crafted, how well-acted, and, wonder of wonders, how intelligently written and directed.
0.875 I particularly enjoyed the fact that Nash comes across as quite fallible in the film despite his attempts at perfection. His character in the film is as unpredictable as I would expect the real Nash to be.
0.6 If this were fiction, it would be an example of superior storytelling, and it's certainly gripping.
0.5 A pedestrian film with a rudimentary script that forces the actors to create believability where there might otherwise be none.
1.0 In every facet, it should have an automatic date with Oscar.
1.0 Crowe...disappears into the character just as he did when he played tobacco whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand in The Insider.
0.875 ... Crowe disappears into the role of John Nash and proves again that he is one of today's most versatile actors.
0.8 This film is a puzzlement in its inconsistency, especially coming from Ron Howard...Still, good performances abound.
0.6 'As straightforward fiction, this is solid feelgood fare, but the fact that it's based on a real person, real success and failure opens it up to far greater scrutiny.'
1.0 The film shows the triumph and tragedy of life, as well as the beauty of the human spirit to overcome and survive.
0.3 Both Nash and the audience deserve better.
0.6 Well-made film with some deservedly Oscar-nominated performances -- it takes some shocking liberties with its subject matter but remains engaging and enjoyable throughout.
1.0 Howard smashes through the conventions of the damaged-hero tale to recount the struggle of one man to stand upright on quaking ground.
0.625 Crowe's performance alone is worth the admission price.
0.875 A Beautiful Mind is at its best when its subject is at his worst.
0.8 Formula Hollywood at the top of its form.
0.8 This is a lovely film, crafted with attention to detail and assembled with real skill.
0.7 The acting is what truly shines here.
0.875 Emotiva, personal y entranable, es un triunfo en todos sentidos.
0.9 A beautiful mind, a beautiful heart - a beautiful movie.
1.0 Nash and Alicia are played by Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly, both of whom give performances that border on the spectacular. Neither has ever been better or created a richer, more multi-layered characterization.
1.0 Ron Howard consegue transformar ate mesmo a matematica em algo emocionante.
0.9 Russell Crowe, el Gladiador de la pantalla ofrece sin lugar a dudas, la mejor actuacion de su carrera.
1.0 It's a performance that's not just great; it's amazing.
0.875 If you watch it with your heart instead of your head you'll be privy to a profoundly moving experience.
0.75 I really wish the last third had been less sketchy, because before it the movie had seemed to be building to greatness
0.625 Pedantic and sophistic.
1.0 Here's hoping that the Academy Awards recognize this articulate, intensely entertaining gem. A Beautiful Mind would indeed be a terrible thing to waste.
0.8 Quite possibly could be the best thing Ron Howard has ever directed.
0.7 The strength of the film arises in the second half.
1.0 A grand Hollywood drama.
0.875 An absorbing movie from start to finish.
0.8 Who'd have thought algebra could be so exciting?
1.0 There's no mathematical equation that can produce the number of stars this film deserves; it's infinite.
0.6 It's the kind of project that should have been awarded to a writer-director team of true vision, and not to Akiva Goldsman and Ron Howard.
0.75 The first two acts of the film are strong enough to merit a recommendation, as is the consistently impressive work of Connelly.
0.8 Howard makes it much more bearable by keeping the tension to a maximum and the potential for nausea to a minimum.
0.4 The most interesting thing about this film is figuring out where all the Oscar buzz is coming from.
0.6 Opie may know how to spin a good fable, but he's no match for this brilliant, complicated couple.
0.75 This might have been a great film, if director Ron Howard had been more daring both in terms of the film's perspective and its style.
0.8 A triumph of the cinematic spirit.
0.75 Director Ron Howard uses interesting visual techniques to show how Nash makes his amazing mathematical connections.
0.7 Where the film attempts to visualize Nash's thought, it is not perfect but does a very interesting job.
0.75 Russell Crowe steals the show as John Nash, the 1994 Nobel Prize winner for economics
1.0 A must-see for film junkies.
0.75 In a good cast, Jennifer Connelly earns your complete admiration.
0.8 As strong a performance as Russell Crowe has ever delivered.
0.875 an engaging, rousing, well-made film about a brilliant man whose life was almost completely devastated by mental illness
0.3 I really don't know who I would recommend this film to. It's worth seeing for Crowe's performance, I guess, but for pity's sake don't pay anything for it.
0.875 All the pieces are there and Ron Howard fits them all together as if playing the perfect game of Go.
1.0 Crowe proves he's the pre-eminent actor of the moment, discarding his gladiatorial macho to inhabit the gawky, tormented Nash with harrowing conviction.
1.0 As bold and searingly imaginative as it is substantive.
1.0 The complexity of the brain -- and its effect on human behavior -- has seldom been explored with as much lyrical passion and engrossing intensity.
0.75 Crowe and Connelly's work rises above the mush.
0.8 Howard gives Crowe the space he needs to build a memorable character.
0.875 A deeply eloquent film with sparkling performances by both Crowe and Connelly.
0.875 A Beautiful Mind is one hell of a movie.
0.875 A brilliant performance by Russell Crowe, who takes his audience on a terrifying journey inside a man tormented by self-created mental demons, propels A Beautiful Mind.
0.5 A play for the fickle attentions of middlebrow moviegoers looking for an easy cause they can champion.
0.75 Roger Deakins' handsome cinematography gives the film the look of a leather-bound classic. What keeps Mind from greatness, though, is some awkwardness in the screenplay, and the film's odd relationship with the true story of John Nash.
1.0 Nicely filmed by Roger Deakins and magnificently performed by Crowe, who never fails to surprise.
1.0 Terrific, surprisingly gripping true-life tale of a math genius battling madness.
0.625 In the hands of a better director than Ron Howard, such a protean mix of reason and madness could have made for a tale of Shakespearean complexity. Instead, all we get is a feel-good flick.
1.0 The movie fascinated me about the life of this man.
0.875 One of Hollywood's very few really classy or ambitious offerings this year.
0.9 Fascinating, clever and surprisingly heartfelt, A Beautiful Mind is easily one of this year's best films.
0.8 Goldsman's script fictionalizes the bare framework of Nash's life in a way that sneaks us into the mind of a madman.
1.0 Fascinating, inspiring, Oscar-worthy.
0.9 Inspirational to be sure, tightly-wound and secure with outstanding performances, this film is likely to please audiences all over the place.
0.875 Much as I admired the performance and the intelligent script, I couldn't help thinking of how much money a schizophrenic can save on movies!
0.75 The success of this effect, which helps elevate the movie above a classy disease-of-the-week saga, rests firmly on Russell Crowe's performance, and it's a strikingly good and moving one.
0.875 Though director Ron Howard's populist style makes its first third feel simplistic and forced, the film deepens in the final two acts, and proves worthy of its unique and difficult material as the credits roll.
0.875 Shows us the joys and terrors of seeing things that others can't.
0.375 The humor of his rough-edged socializing and courting make a much more interesting film than that which "Beautiful Mind" actually becomes ... a psychological thriller.
0.75 What it lacks in ingenuity, "A Beautiful Mind" makes up for in superb performances, potent emotions and graceful, emblematic (if safe and conventional) filmmaking.
0.75 Ron Howard's relentlessly sunny direction is an unusual fit for this often fascinating portrayal of one of our century's great math minds.
0.875 A beautifully written, effectively acted, and meticulously crafted effort.
1.0 Through enormously convincing performances, a masterful screenplay, and aggressive direction, this movie takes us on an extraordinary journey into the mind of a fascinating character.
0.75 In a performance that wavers between deserving an Oscar nomination and one that's overacted in the hopes of getting one, Russell Crowe delivers an intense performance as Nash.
0.5 A frequently disappointing cut-and-paste job...it fails to find any sort of smooth rhythm or dramatic arc.
0.7 [Crowe's performance is] still one of the better roles you'll see all year and seems a shoo-in for a Hanks-like third nomination in a row.
0.25 A Beautiful Mind is like a brick to the head to anyone who ever winced at the utterance of "infinity plus one."
0.5 Although its low-key realism is admirable, Eden doesn't really work.
0.75 To say it is bleak is an understatement. But it will make a lot of people reassess their marriages and decide that, in comparison, they're not so bad after all.
0.75 Eden is a sad, nicely observed study of a decade-old marriage that, for the most part, is over.
0.6 Walsh and Kelly are the embodiment of domestic despair, fumbling to find their way back into the light.
0.5 As drama, it's a chore.
0.5 An Irish indie that is well-observed and well-acted -- but ultimately, not much more exciting than the love lives of its lead characters.
0.6 Adapting a play by Eugene O'Brien, director Declan Recks has made a remarkably interior movie anchored by two heartbreakingly real, lived-in performances.
0.6 Eden is a picture so modest and minor-key that the emotional bruise it leaves may take days to develop.
0.7 The kind of small movie that's all too easy to overlook, but even easier to like once you've seen it.
0.4 Despite the fine performances, it might have been a better idea just to leave this one to the theatre where it was probably better suited.
0.5 It's a tired conceit, but Kelly does a fine turn as an emotionally stunted lad, while Walsh dazzles, expertly conveying humiliation and resolve.
0.7 like channeling Mike Leigh or John Cassavetes in bringing this marital drama to the screen.
0.5 Seemingly in an effort to make up for O'Brien's anemic script, Recks energizes the slow-moving tale with nonstop distracting camerawork.
0.6 A story of a psychological phenomenon that might be prevalent in lots of marriages, but an unenlightened approach makes for an unlikely Eden.
0.9 Eden is almost achingly personal, and it's a testament to the small-but-powerful Irish film industry that tiny little personal stories like this one get funding.
0.75 A funnier-than-expected, thrillingly accurate assessment of what makes a night out in Los Angeles such a nightmare.
1.0 Never has party life in Los Angeles been better represented and The Boys and Girls Guide to Getting Down is definitely one of the best party movies ever.
0.8 Topnotch film noir
0.625 No Way Out borrows the template for socially conscious filmmaking from both Gentlemen's Agreement and Crossfire: it's half noir, half sermon.
0.8 Rip-snortin', old-fashioned Western, with understated McCrea and hammy Stanwyck a great team.
0.4 Overrated and nauseating.
0.8 Excellent performances in this New Zealand import
0.8 One of the year's best films. Totally unforgettable.
0.75 A gut-grabber from New Zealand ... that stays with you for days.
0.4 As often happens when films are intent on getting a message across, Once Were Warriors can't stop itself from overdoing things.
0.8 It is a painful and very effective tale about the destructive power of abuse, rape, alcoholism, and violence in general that easily transcends its New Zealand origin.
0.875 Heartbreaking, frustrating, an observation of domestic violence and a tribute to the wives who ultimately refuse to remain victims.
0.8 The film's searing performances are matched by the lovely camerawork of cinematographer Stuart Dryburgh.
0.8 Everything about this powerful, poignant film makes it a must-see experience, if you have the stomach for it.
0.875 It is powerful and chilling, and directed by Lee Tamahori with such narrative momentum that we are swept along in the enveloping tragedy of the family's life.
0.875 Works, to some degree, on three levels: the visceral, the emotional, and the intellectual, and it is the amalgamation of these that makes this a memorable film.
0.75 The affecting and low-key drama skips past the usual dramatic scenes of someone who has suffered a psychotic breakdown, instead showing us the quieter but more convincing struggle of someone trying to piece his life back together afterwards.
0.91 Remains character-driven throughout and doesn't have a moment that rings false, pretentious or contrived. Gbenga Akinnagbe gives a genuinely heartfelt performance. If there were any justice, he'd get some awards attention.
0.625 Here's a four-word review of "The Surface": Go see "The Surface."
0.45 The Collapsed manages to corral its literary pretensions well enough that it manages to avoid embarrassing itself.
0.3 All the movie needs is more cowbell.
0.5 What The Collapsed lacks is the jolts that horror fans may prefer in their post-apocalyptic fare.
1.0 90 minutes of iconic imagery, some deep questions and a surprising amount of humor. This is Art with a capital A, but that doesn't mean it's not entertaining at the same time, which only makes its artistry even greater.
0.8 Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids.
1.0 The Seventh Seal is a film not about the end of time, but the silence between man and God.
0.9 Bergman's film about the actual figure of Death is one of his funniest and, ultimately, most hopeful works.
1.0 As a youth, perhaps no other film opened my eyes to the wonderful possibilities of cinema as much as The Seventh Seal.
0.5 Swedish cinema titan Ingmar Bergman's mopey/earthy 1957 breakthrough The Seventh Seal may have done more than any other film to popularize and demonize the notion of world cinema as the boutique of the cultural intelligentsia.
1.0 Perhaps no one film speaks more fully to the human condition than The Seventh Seal. [Blu-ray]
1.0 Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening.
1.0 still spiritually resonates today
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece no film fan should miss.
1.0 Bergman's superbly shot wintry images, much like those of a silent film, print themselves indelibly on the mind, while the Knight's search for a God who never answers foreshadows the pessimism of the director's later work.
1.0 Guaranteed to thunder on the big screen.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's dark masterpiece effortlessly sees off the revisionists and the satirists; it is a radical work of art that reaches back to scripture, to Cervantes and to Shakespeare to create a new dramatic idiom of its own.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's black and white masterpiece The Seventh Seal has matured like a great wine over 50 years.
1.0 Full of haunting, iconic images and a touch of hopeful humanity, The Seventh Seal is cinema at its most artful, a philosophical meditation on the meaning(lessness) of this mortal coil.
0.6 Fear, peril and hoplessness soak every frame.
1.0 A grand, thought-provoking and highly enjoyable piece of cinematic history.
1.0 Dark but beautiful.
0.833333333333 Not only highly impressive but thought-provoking, relevant and intensely moving in our present, nervous, times.
0.625 It manages some powerful images, but it feels a bit too calculated to really get under the skin.
1.0 Haunting and beautiful.
1.0 Essentially intellectual, yet emotionally stimulating, too, it is as tough -- and rewarding -- a screen challenge as the moviegoer has had to face this year.
1.0 Almost hypnotic in its power, it's a film that washes away all the parodying it has received over the years, emerging as fresh and startling today as it did nearly 50 years ago.
1.0 Great existentialism and morbid humor. Fantastic performances.
1.0 Easily, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 This is an uncompromising film, regarding good and evil with the same simplicity and faith as its hero.
1.0 So gripping as to be entertaining in an enlightening way.
0.8 Affecting drama about terminal illness has mature themes.
0.625 Byrd and Jenkins earn the film its critical points, but the screenplay has too many moments that feel network-TV-bland.
0.6 There's something sweet about Jonathan Segal's modest high school drama, "Norman," despite the contrivances of its protagonist's predicament and its stacking of the emotional deck.
0.625 There's a winning emotional truth in the father-son scenes in this Spokane-shot sleeper, directed with skill and sensitivity by Jonathan Segal.
0.7 For first-time screenwriter Wingate and Segal, in only his second feature (2004's "The Last Run), it's impressive work - they never overplay the pity card, opting for insight into the complexities of growing up instead.
0.4 A disquieting outing with little in the way of honest payoff.
0.75 The director, Jonathan Segal, skillfully builds on the tension that this situation creates, though he can't quite make Wingate's ending click. Still, Segal is so good with his actors that you may not mind.
0.75 For me, Richard Jenkins is the heart of "Norman." How often I've admired him; even in unworthy roles, he has such strength, he never seems the need to try.
0.375 A would-be dark, self-congratulatory dramedy that lacks both transgressive laughter and honest engagement with its themes of death and teen depression.
0.5 The trapped animal look in Norman's eyes feels more and more like an appropriate reaction.
0.6 Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a delicate, if sometimes disturbing, portrait of the enduring relationships that bond women together, out in theaters now.
0.75 Despite the unevenness, the sincerity of the work shines through.
0.4 It's a well shot film with beautiful cinematography, though it does feel a bit too constrained at times. But as beautiful as it was, the story and characters failed to grab me
0.6 Were it not for the slow pacing and the obviousness of message, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan would have been successful.
0.375 Although it looks fantastic, it barely registers on an emotional level because it feels so dull and manipulative.
0.4 A from Hugh Jackman as a Mandarin-singing nightclub owner is about the only thing that livens up this generation-spanning tale of female friendship.
0.6 The whole looks lush, but it doesn't deliver as it should.
0.4 Here is a very self-conscious attempt to bridge the US-China divide through the medium of glossy, handsomely mounted cinema.
0.4 This rich weave of eras looks pretty, but plays to an exoticised vision of old-world China, even as it demystifies the excruciating custom of foot-binding.
0.2 Visual flourishes aren't enough to detract from a confused plot and mawkishly sentimental overtones.
0.4 Not even the second best Hugh Jackman cameo of the year can save it from being little more than a period curio.
0.5 Unfortunately that truth isn't illuminated with any originality: tearful confessions and pensive gazing out windows are commonplace.
0.6 A quality arthouse film, beautifully photographed and very well acted.
0.6 Sisters-for-life torn apart in schmaltzy Chinese melodrama.
0.375 A grandly appointed disappointment.
0.7 This is not a great film. It is, however, sometimes a very good one, and it's always a joy to behold in visual terms.
0.5 Hopelessly inert, even as it hops between modern, trendy Shanghai and rural 19th-century Hunan...
0.5 Wayne Wang is perhaps best known for directing the lovely screen adaptation of The Joy Luck Club, but there's no joy to be found anywhere in this stately, stodgy film.
0.5 Respectable but bland, with all the surface trappings of a meaningful prestige picture but none of the emotional power.
0.625 The drastic alterations to Lisa See's compelling novel about the lifelong friendship between two women in 19th century China are unsettling, at least for fans of the original bestseller, and they detract a bit too much from the story See so artfully told.
0.5 A tear-jerking soap opera chick flick about love and loyalty
0.6 ... stately, solemn and serious, but easier to admire than to enjoy ...
0.3 Parallel stories from the past and the present are crosscut throughout this film, but rather than amplifying the dual tales' ramifications the technique only ups the film's turgidity quotient.
0.4 [Moves] the stick figures in its center through the motions of friendship without seeming to quite understand the actual reasons why we make those deep, abiding friendships in the first place.
0.2 There aren't enough movies about women's friendships. And there really aren't enough movies about women's friendships with all-Asian casts. So it's a bummer to report that this one's as terrible as it is.
0.5 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" wants to be "The Color Purple" in China, but it's really just a Lifetime Original Movie with subtitles.
0.375 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" aims for the heartstrings and only strikes a few notes.
0.4 The film is visually sumptuous but emotionally inert. It never draws in the viewer.
0.4 The constant cutting between the two stories, and the inexplicable scrambling of chronology within the stories, also become annoying and impedes the ability of either story to really build emotionally.
0.2 The film features two of the least effective lead performances of the year, which keeps the audience from engaging in the story emotionally and just leaves them wondering how this book became a bestseller.
0.125 It's the No-Joy, Bad-Luck Club.
0.75 Like his old-time Hollywood predecessors, Wang goes for big-hearted, over-the-top emotions.
0.25 I think even rabid fans of the book will be disappointed.
0.375 Emphasizes melodrama over character development, until the proceedings feel like a rabbit hole of misfortune.
0.5 Once we've quickly digested the fortune-cookie message that modern women are as bound by obligations as their grandmothers were, all we can savor is the scenery.
0.375 Bears little resemblance to the book, and even less resemblance to a good movie.
0.625 A story of much visual grace and, sadly, considerable narrative awkwardness.
0.5 All the two actresses do is gaze out of apartment and carriage windows, through floorboards, into each other's eyes, and, once, while wishfully wearing a man's suit.
0.5 The film version of "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" proceeds as if willed into being by a particularly misguided "question for discussion," the kind you'd find at the tail end of a bestseller's paperback edition.
0.5 As movies about female bonding go, "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" is thin tea.
0.75 Wang, back in Joy Luck Club territory, serves up melodrama without smothering substance.
0.5 Overall it's a very competent film, but kept me at a distance and never got very engaging.
0.6 Visually, the film is a treat with Richard Wong's cinematography equally evocative at capturing the pastoral beauty and slower rhythms of rural 19th century China and the urban splendor and bustle of today's Shanghai.
0.6 Female friendship and loyalty are at the heart of Snow Flower And The Secret Fan. Too bad that's all but buried by the pile-on of events that connects women from different eras across time and place.
0.4 Disappointing literary adaptation has some heavy themes.
0.5 [A] confusing time-travelling tale that uses Lisa See's 2005 bestseller of the same name to fuel cheap sentiment and a jumbled story.
0.5 Whatever passion might have been here to begin with never made it to the screen.
0.5 Wang ... needlessly pads the movie with heart-tugging gimmicks and canned melodrama that undercuts its raw impact.
0.4 Its story-within-a-story - a tale of two laotong, or soul sisters, in oppressive mid-1800s China - is gorgeous but simplistic.
0.5 You're advised to bring a hankie or two should you venture forth to see the tearjerker "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan."
0.25 "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" has such seriousness and purpose behind it that for 10 or 15 minutes it could be mistaken for a good movie.
0.5 Perhaps this was intended to draw the largely female crossover audience that went to Joy Luck Club. But the dual stories don't mesh well.
0.2 For those who may have wondered if foot binding, wife beating and a crooning Hugh Jackman could fit into one movie, here's the short answer: no.
0.55 Wang loses the plot in the contemporary sequences, which are drab looking and stupidly melodramatic.
0.375 A portrait of female fidelity that ranges across centuries and social classes, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is sad, sumptuous fluff with a refined literary pedigree.
0.4 A turgid, generations-spanning melodrama that deifies and fetishizes the idea of feminine companionship's intense depths without substantively delivering a fully rendered portrait of it.
0.5 The trouble is that the modern story whipped up for "Snow Flower" isn't very compelling. Yet it dominates the movie, continually oozing back in just as the period drama is getting interesting.
0.1 I briefly felt bad when the film, in its first five minutes, knocked Sophie into a coma. But I felt even worse 10 minutes later: Dear reader, I envied her.
0.4 Feels less like an attempt to broaden the book's horizons than to cash in on Joy's cross-generational appeal while doubling down on cheap-shot melodrama.
0.5 This isn't really a movie made for guys, although I can appreciate the artfulness of its construction and the solemnity of its purpose and the studied intensity of the acting.
0.75 An existential inquiry, and a rhetorical declaration of cosmic futility.
0.75 A low-key charming diptych character piece that was also divisive, at least according to the chatter in the lines at Cannes.
0.6 A few tweaks in tone and it could have been profound. Instead it lingers in the realm of the intriguing.
0.9 ...[a] glittering little oddity.
0.87 ...a strange and sometimes discomfiting movie that occasionally gets a little heavy-handed as it traces the trajectories of two disrupted souls through the depressingly neutral territory of an airport hotel.
0.5 The vehicle for the message feels haphazard, as if Ferran were trying to create a patchwork of various film types rather than one cohesive piece.
0.6 The special effects were assembled with painstaking details ... These dreamlike elements look organic and charming, and are the best part of the film.
0.5 Ferran is prone to "flights of fancy," pardon the pun, as some scenes in his film go on unchecked while others aren't allowed nearly the right amount of time to develop.
0.4 The best moments in "Bird People" soar to such heights that you almost want to forgive the parts that amount to mere droppings.
0.8 This is a wisp of a movie, and yet it deals with an experience so pervasive that it's usually barely acknowledged-this restlessness people feel to fly off to somewhere else.
0.625 Pascale Ferran's film isn't daring enough to fully embrace the narrative fragmentation that it sporadically assumes.
0.6 Marques-Marcet's lovely debut opens with an impressively staged single take that manages to convey the entire universe of a longterm relationship in just 23 minutes.
0.8 10,000 Km is a stunning debut that richly deserves every accolade it will receive. Marques-Marcet is a director to keep a very close eye on.
0.8 A searingly realistic, and emotive piece that offers a wondrous study of relationships in the modern world.
0.4 Tedious haunted house movie.
1.0 Only David Fincher could tell the story of a missing woman, a murder mystery and a psychosexual thriller without making it feel forced.
0.6 While there is a lot to like about David Fincher's "Gone Girl," including a great ensemble and excellent direction, the film suffers from a flawed structure that reveals too much too soon.
0.875 Suspense, social commentary, great performances and a seriously twisted outlook -- Gone Girl is one killer movie.
0.875 Fincher and Flynn have fun playing with both our expectations and our sympathies.
0.8 At another level, it is a straightforward thriller, but with a slow build of foreboding that Alfred Hitchcock would have admired.
0.875 The premise is flat-out creepy. Make sure you're game for that before you see it.
0.8 While it examines seriously wicked material, Gone Girl pulls more laughs than any of Fincher's movie since Fight Club.
0.8 With the close-knit psychological ambiance of an early Roman Polanski film (particularly 1965's Repulsion) Fincher paints American middle class as a blood-curdling emotional danger zone.
0.8 As Fincher and Flynn peel away layers of their story, a feeling of dread grows; it's like pulling moldy leaves from an artichoke that is rotting from the inside out.
0.8 It's a testament to David Fincher's skill as a filmmaker that he makes something as complex as Gone Girl feel so effortless.
0.8 The performances all round are of a high calibre, with Pike impressively handling the burden of some very difficult scenes.
0.8 Some may find it too outlandish, but it never fails to remain interesting.
0.875 This is a nutty film, and for the most part I mean that in a good way.
0.875 Gone Girl is a greatly entertaining film that seems a likely candidate for multiple Oscar nominations, and it is Flynn's script that seems like a sure thing.
0.9 Affleck delivers what's easily his best performance, while Pike should become a household name, and Coon and Dickens will likely see their stars rise, as well.
0.7 If you're expecting another Seven or Zodiac or even The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you're probably going to be left cold, but if you go where the story takes you, and you buy into the world in any fashion, I think you're going to have a wicked good time
1.0 Gone Girl is out of this world, a powerful reminder of what cool, crazy, dangerous, hugely entertaining things can happen when big studios let grownup filmmakers make movies for and about grownups.
0.875 What begins as a beguiling whodunit takes an abrupt, choke on your popcorn turn midway through and, believe it or not, the ride is just getting started.
0.75 Gone Girl, for the most part, feels like an excellent thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated (and palpably plodding) drama...
0.8 Gone Girl is a dark and intelligent thriller that plays to Fincher's magnetising style, the two really are a match made in heaven.
1.0 Under the guidance of the remarkable David Fincher, this is one of those rare, elusive endeavors that contains nearly every important quality I cherish about moviemaking.
0.9 Gone Girl lives up to the hype.
0.7 Something close to a mechanically flawless thriller.
0.75 The spot-on casting carries over to the supporting cast: This thriller has the sort of lineup that will draw viewers to IMDb.com, possibly crashing its server.
0.9 It's undeniably entertaining to see a craftsman such as Fincher explore Flynn's thesis by way of rollicking popcorn cinema.
1.0 Deeply cynical, darkly funny, sometimes brutal, very powerful filmmaking that may make you a little queasy, but will almost certainly entertain you to no end.
0.8 This superior thriller arrives at a time when Hollywood mostly seems to have forgotten how to make 'em.
1.0 gets completely under your skin, rattles your sense of what's right and wrong, and generally undercuts any kind of moral pretense we might bring into the theater
1.0 Fincher's compositions offer the characters no exit; the widescreen keeps them in view, no matter how extreme their deceits and disguises.
0.75 The film's sense of savage, yet controlled, rage permeates director David Fincher's examination of a marriage that's gone so wrong.
0.8 There's no denying that it's an entertaining movie, made by a consummate filmmaker, though not, perhaps, quite as important as it would like to be.
0.9 Hey...the marriage in this movie is a lot better than many I've witnessed.
0.8 Fincher doesn't make bad movies and this is a very good one. Of his nine features, I'm going to put this on my list at number four, after Zodiac, The Social Network and Fight Club. That's good company, on one hell of a list.
0.8 Whatever its limitations, Gone Girl is the rare character-focused drama that can make audiences gasp audibly - and laugh, and cringe.
0.375 A trashy, scattershot serial-drama-cum-media satire that's more agenda-based than character-based. One day we'll look back and chuckle at how seriously people took Gone Girl the same way we do now at Fatal Attraction.
0.8 An admirably-tense mystery from master director David Fincher.
0.8 A rather excellent potboiler full of dark revelations and unexpected twists. And, wow, those twists leave one gobsmacked.
0.9 In the end, 'Gone Girl' echoes what experience has taught, in that with marriage you think you are getting what you desire when in reality you are getting what you deserve.
0.8 At 149 minutes, the film never drags nor does its mood settle, slipping from classy narcissistic humour to exploitation-inflected thrills in an instant; mercurial, mystifying - and tantalisingly missing.
0.6 With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium.
0.9 Is Gone Girl on the same level as Fincher's flawless masterpieces such as Seven, Fight Club, and The Social Network? Not quite, but it's damned close.
0.9 Those who have read the blockbuster novel may be disappointed to know that author Gillian Flynn hasn't changed anything in adapting it to the big screen, so there aren't any surprises along the way.
0.875 This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash.
0.8 Fincher cleverly twists and turns throughout this mysterious maze.
0.75 The latest must-see movie event from perpetual Hollywood wunderkind David Fincher, Gone Girl is 120 minutes of pure perfection. Unfortunately, the movie runs 145 minutes.
0.6 The film is a deceitful, lying partner, who can tell a good yarn and while we're not ready to believe all of it, we hang on for the ride anyway.
0.6 Good old crime pulp is essentially what Gone Girl is, unspooling like a two-part mini series and paced like a standard police/mystery procedural.
0.6 If Gone Girl's first half is a forensic dissection of a marriage that cuts like an autopsy, the second half sees the coroners cut loose, chucking guts around for fun.
1.0 ...one of sharpest dissections of a dysfunctional marriage since "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
1.0 Dark and tension-filled, it reflects the cinematic artistry of the entire cast and production team. I can already hear Oscar buzz.
0.8 It's hard to imagine anyone else capturing the essence of Gone Girl quite like David Fincher does.
0.875 Of all David Fincher's accomplishments as a director, he may pull off his most impressive feat of all in Gone Girl -- getting Tyler Perry nominated for an Oscar.
0.875 A galvanizing portrait of defective love that twists, turns, and unfurls until you don't know what to think anymore.
0.8 A devilishly good time. What it lacks in style, it makes up for in substance.
0.9 A magnificently unsettling thriller that will shock and engage viewers from its opening moment to its final powerful shot.
0.8 For a slice of disposable fiction done with an expert hand, Gone Girl is quite entertaining.
1.0 Flawless, tough as nails and Oscar-bound, 'Gone Girl' is a thriller that never disappoints. With twists and turns as complex as DNA strands, this is one of the best movies of the year ... and, no, it's not too early to say that.
0.82 Perry, Patrick Harris and others all join Affleck and Pike with tremendous performances. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross once again create the perfect score to accompany Fincher's mood.
0.9 A terrific multi-layered thriller that is sure to be ranked near the top of the list for best films of the year.
0.8 Gone Girl is a layered film experience that can be appreciated on multiple levels - with an intriguing central mystery, rounded characters, and sharp social commentary.
0.875 One of the smartest, most precisely observed portraits of a relationship to hit the screen in the last decade, and also one of the best whodunnits.
0.875 Gone Girl is an entertaining film in a category that is woefully missing in most movie theaters nowadays - storytelling.
0.8 Violent, layered adaptation is dark but thrilling.
0.8 an elegantly rendered, yet lurid potboiler of a movie.
0.7 In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft.
0.7 A masterfully crafted brew of mind-bending misdirection, outright lies, psychotic scheming, and detailed criminal procedural that will keep you guessing right up until the end.
0.875 However readers may have seen the story in their minds - the unshaven and rumpled Affleck is about a decade older than I imagined, but effectively seedy - Fincher crafts its scenes of a broken marriage into a convincing mosaic.
0.25 Factoring in the high potential, it's the worst film I've seen this year.
0.875 Gone Girl lives up to its promise as the year's "event" movie for fanboys and fangirls who prefer book clubs to comic-book stores.
1.0 The cast is uniformly perfect.
0.8 It's the stuff of mass-produced pulp novels and National Enquirer covers. But in Fincher's surgical grip, Gone Girl becomes more than a simple screen trip through Flynn's prose.
0.6 The tone and pacing are all over the place, and Gone Girl struggles to build a world with its own, immersive logic, sense of incident, and robust sources of energy.
0.875 Fincher proves himself to be the ideal director to turn this intricately plotted, misanthropic best-seller into a disturbing, yet undeniably entertaining movie.
0.625 Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements.
0.7 ...good story...good movie, but not as good as the book and marred by a changed ending and miscasting of Neil Patrick Harris, despite fine performances by the rest of the cast.
1.0 Clocking in at almost 150 minutes, there's a lot of story to tell here and the supporting cast all hand in strong performances.
1.0 A satisfying cat and mouse thriller that also serves as a clinical dissection of the games we play, the images we present to the world and the gap between carefully constructed fantasy and a complex, fallible reality.
0.8 Mostly a very clever and always watchable whodunit.
0.8 Gone Girl grabs you by making you first believe one thing, then another, quite the opposite. It's that woman! No, it's that man!
0.8 Maybe Flynn and Fincher are trying to stir up the sort of debate that swam around screenings of Fatal Attraction. This is a dangerous sort of game. Approach with caution (but do approach).
0.875 Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed.
0.625 Once the chaotic adult-fairy-tale elements override Fincher's otherwise meticulous style, one suspects this tawdry tale of marital fury signifies nothing more than a nihilistic view of heterosexual marriage.
0.875 145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises.
0.875 Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe?
0.875 A perfect fit for a smirker like Ben Affleck. Sincerity is a bit outside his range, and a little emotional disengagement fits him like a smart suit.
0.9 a smart, modern thriller with enough quirks and eccentricities to remind you of how satisfying a film made by a true visionary can be
0.5 Early favorite for most disappointing Oscar-bait film of 2014.
0.9 A worthy twisted and twisting whodunnit. Few novelists adopting their work to the screen understand the nuances of movie storytelling. Gillian Flynn does.
0.875 "Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves.
0.875 Delicious junk food for your soul.
0.7 ...a trashy guilty pleasure that's sometimes sexy and hints at complex satire winking wickedly at today's social media infused cult of celebrity.
0.9 Gone Girl is so expertly crafted that its 150-minute running time flies by - this story is worth every tightly-wound second.
1.0 Ingeniously clever, fiendishly crafted and full of surprises you won't see coming, it's endlessly entertaining and emerges as an Oscar frontrunner.
1.0 An essential movie of its moment.
0.5 the prototypical human-hating hipster model of too-smart, too-cool meta-cinema.
0.9 ... a pulp classic, a rare thing in modern cinema.
0.4 In this studio Garden of Eden the doom shadows are laid on with a paint roller and the snakes and apples are straight from the props cupboard.
0.75 Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework.
0.625 It is entertaining but long, and though the acting is solid, it isn't as sharp or as smart as it wants to be.
0.5 Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ...
0.875 "Gone Girl" is art and entertainment, a thriller and an issue, and an eerily assured audience picture.
0.8 I hated watching these people but couldn't take my eyes off the screen. They're so crazy bad that the movie becomes crazy good. Just not so luridly great.
0.8 It's all very frightening, all too provocative, and all one mess of a good time.
0.85 Rosamund Pike's groundbreaking performance is insanely good. Gone Girl is a bleak, wicked, and gripping thriller strung together by a marvelous story driven by a lust for admiration.
0.625 It's stirring on a gut level, but the constant barrage of extremes also grows tiring -- even a little tiresome.
0.875 Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance.
0.8 A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller.
0.75 Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling.
0.75 Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak.
0.8 It's the kind of film we hoped David Fincher might make with Dragon Tattoo; a satisfying, ironic, and sophisticated thriller. Go see.
1.0 David Fincher's box-cutter autopsy of a marriage which is forcibly dismantled and then forcibly reforged in the cobalt blue flames of ignominy, arrogance and deception. So, so much deception.
1.0 The brilliance of Gone Girl cannot be overstated, nor can it really be elucidated without diluting its many, many pleasures.
1.0 The best thriller of the year. And then some.
0.8 Fincher proves himself yet again to be a better cinematic psychologist of (in-)human nature than almost any other director alive.
0.9 One of the best films that will be released in 2014.
0.9 Amy is the most challenging and crucial character to capture, and Pike is simply brilliant in a role that has all the potential to become both career defining and life altering.
0.875 David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times.
0.8 The spirits of Highsmith and Hitchcock hover over this outrageous pulp suspense-thriller from David Fincher, episodically structured around twists and counter-twists, like an addictive boxset of a TV drama.
0.75 Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck.
0.875 "Gone Girl" is suspenseful and entertaining -- its 2-1/2-hour running time breezes by -- but what sticks out on first viewing is how perfectly Fincher has cast it.
0.5 "Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge.
0.7 Gone Girl is a devilish mystery and star-making performance for Rosamund Pike.
0.8 It's a cheeseburger treated like a filet and it's a film that'll stick with you thanks to clever sleight of hand and a few moments that beg for a revisit.
0.9 "Gone Girl" has more contempt for Nancy Grace and all she represents than it does for murder or infidelity- and you know what? I'm good with that.
0.9 For fans of the book and of David Fincher's previous films, "Gone Girl" is a must-see. It's also cheaper than couple's counseling.
0.875 It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen.
0.7 It's a messy story told in a calculated way, with precision as ruthless as the diabolical plan it depicts.
0.8 Once again, Fincher is dressing up trash as serious art, wanting to have his cake and eat it too. And frankly, we wouldn't take it any other way.
0.7 An absorbing crime tale that works whether you know the twists or not.
0.85 This is not a 'meaningful' movie, it is a lark that takes itself too seriously, and under the assured direction of David Fincher, it's way more fun that way.
0.75 A viper's nest of unreliable narrators.
0.5 The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off.
1.0 Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity.
0.5 Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments.
0.9 Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype.
0.8 It's only towards the end that you become aware of the improbability of the whole, but by then it's too late, you've been hooked.
0.8 David Fincher is a remarkably good director.
0.9 It's a wild ride, made no less thrilling by the knowledge that it ends in a horrific crash, from which no one walks away unscathed.
1.0 It's Pike whom audiences will be talking about and arguing about long after they've screened the film. She seizes hold of Flynn's conception of a woman slowly losing control over her own narrative with gusto, and Fincher reacts splendidly.
0.2 Fincher's chief delight seems to be in playing with genre conventions: what looks like an especially moody whodunit morphs first into a psychosexual thriller and then into what might just be straight-faced satire.
0.4 You could call this vision misogynistic, and you wouldn't be wrong, but you'd be far more accurate if you simply called it ludicrous.
0.8 Gone Girl is a high-quality mainstream crowd-pleaser in the best possible sense of the phrase.
0.625 "Gone Girl" is nothing if not absorbing, beginning as a sort of investigative procedural before corkscrewing halfway through to become something else entirely.
0.75 Entertaining. But one of Fincher's very best? Not by a Missouri mile
0.875 It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer.
1.0 Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her.
0.8 Gone Girl is a brilliantly directed, thrillingly nasty piece of psychologically-riveting pulp that promises to be one of the year's biggest water-cooler hits.
0.9 Gone Girl features Fincher working near the top of his game, crafting exquisite, chilly, below-the-line production work as he solicits career-best performances from his handsomely put-upon leads.
0.875 Cunning as a raptor and nearly as fast, Gone Girl is an anesthetic-free dissection of human nature.
0.8 Even if you have read the book and know what happens in Gone Girl, you're still in for a treat watching the movie. And if you haven't read it and don't know what happens, well then you're definitely in for a treat.
0.4 Something is amiss in Gone Girl.
1.0 Traz Affleck e Pike em performances que sao apostas quase garantidas em premiacoes no fim do ano.
0.8 Gone Girl is Fincher at his wittiest and seedy in its chronicle of a marriage that bears unexpected, rotten fruit which a scandal hungry country devours with glee.
0.87 Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset.
0.8 As entertainingly gripping as it is smartly disturbing and scathingly satirical.
0.8 Even those who have read Gillian Flynn's novel can expect to be surprised by the jolts and jumps in David Fincher's take on events.
0.75 There hasn't been a soignee blonde so flat-out hate-able since Gwyneth bitched about the burdens of motherhood. Welcome to the A-list, Gone Girl star Rosamund Pike!
0.8 Stylish, twisted and daring, Gone Girl is a David Fincher date movie: dark, smart and dangerous. If it doesn't deliver in its finale, its twist, turns and commitment to moral repugnance will leave you reeling.
0.875 Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will.
1.0 Deliciously dark and utterly gripping, this tightly-coiled teaser delivers disturbing answers to some very awkward questions.
0.6 Where the book was better in its first half and more of a trashy twist-a-thon in its second, the film, directed by David Fincher, actually gets better once it gets trashy.
1.0 Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike deliver a masterclass in duplicity in their deft manipulation of the Dunnes' complex lives and rising resentments.
0.5 There's a comic streak to the film that suggests David Fincher may understand the material as trash, but it's the kind of affectation that only reinforces, rather than dulls, its insults.
0.875 Intelligently structured by novelist Flynn herself, the film features a mannered turn by Academy Award winner Ben Affleck while the absolute success of the picture is indebted to the lavish and grandiose performance of Rosamund Pike.
0.8 Somehow, Fincher imposes coherence and clarity on a complex and messy storyline.
1.0 A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel.
0.875 David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl  is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office.
0.7 Floating through the narrative like a ghost, [Pike] embodies the aloofness that is both the film's strength and its weakness.
0.8 [A] gripping psychological thriller.
0.8 Doesn't have the heft of Zodiac or the verve of Se7en but Gone Girl is a masterful adaptation and a superior crime-thriller.
1.0 The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho.
0.8 Gone Girl, finally, may be no more than a storm in a teacup. But what an elegant, bone-china teacup this is. And what a fearsome force-10 gale we have brewing inside.
0.8 Above all, it's is a delicious exercise in audience-baiting: what begins as a he-said, she-said story of mounting, murderous suspense, lurches at its fulcrum into the kind of hot mess Brian De Palma might have cooked up 20 years ago in his attic.
1.0 There are moments in this film that will make your jaw drop in shock and horror.
0.9 "Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after.
0.5 When, far too late in the day for us to care, they enter Hitchcock territory, the plot shift gives you the cinematic equivalent of whiplash and leaves you holding your head, wondering how on earth it happened and really rather wishing it hadn't.
0.5 Fontaine can't seem to decide whether she's making a dry sex farce or a slow-burn thriller, and the movie never really commits to either.
0.5 If you think I'm being tasteless, you should see the movie.
0.4 C'est dommage.
0.5 The Girl from Monaco is a tease.
0.625 As a solid thriller, La fille de Monaco feels like it's missed the mark.
0.75 Despite Bourgoin's dazzling presence, it's the hollow-eyed Luchini who quietly takes over the film.
0.75 The film doesn't add up to much in the end, but if you like leggy, flirty blondes, dark, brooding tough-guy bodyguards and fussy middle-aged lawyers, it's entertaining.
0.875 The postman may always ring twice, but a bodyguard doesn't even have to bother to knock.
0.625 The French comedy-drama The Girl from Monaco demonstrates how an excess of liberte and fraternite can be hazardous to the health, especially where there is an absence of egalite.
0.4 Like its protagonist, you end up with plenty to think about, puzzle over, and forget.
0.7 It's not at all as disposable as it seems at first glance.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a sprightly sex comedy or an enigmatic little thriller. Unfortunately, it's neither very funny nor very thrilling.
0.75 This is a modest but expertly performed piece. And this summer, surrounded by lesser, louder, bigger and dumber diversions, it's especially welcome.
0.5 The Girl From Monaco may be momentarily entertaining, but don't expect anything profound from the lightweight saga as it wends its way to its contrived, TV-movie conclusion.
0.625 It's often sparkling, always stylish -- but ultimately no more significant than another day at an overpriced resort.
0.625 The Girl From Monaco is a romantic comedy/drama, but the most appealing relationship has nothing to do with the girl of the title.
0.625 At best diverting, at worst an almost self-parodic compendium of French film cliches.
0.5 Somehow Ms. Fontaine's attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, The Girl from Monaco snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance.
0.75 The Girl from Monaco is not more than an entertainment, but an assured and well-oiled one.
0.75 Some movies create an inviting world for the viewer. This is one of them.
0.5 Obsessed with the image of its tall and tan leading lady, The Girl from Monaco ends up a weak cocktail with a big red cherry floating between its ice cubes.
0.6 In these roles, Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem make an accomplished acting team.
0.375 The Girl from Monaco is a frustratingly suspense-free affair.
0.8 There's little question that the movie will most be remembered for its introduction of the luscious Louise Bourgouin. Fontaine has a way at bringing out her oozing sex appeal without the movie ever feeling exploitative.
0.3 If a man had directed The Girl from Monaco, this erstwhile comedy would be labeled misogynistic -- a charge that would stick.
0.6 Perhaps aimed to be a combination of Desperate Housewives and Belle de Jour, with a lesbian twist, Concussion turns out to be surprisingly bland.
0.6 The suggestion that prostitution is a risk-free route to self-discovery for suburban soccer moms is glib bordering on offensive, but Robin Weigert is tough and terrific in the lead.
0.6 Much of the narrative may not ring true, but Weigert's performance is warm and engaging, lending not just heart, but much needed credibility.
0.7 A sharply observed odyssey of middle-aged self-discovery, this strikingly offbeat film may feel a little vague in its approach, but it carries a strong kick.
0.4 Stacie Passon's drama is like Luis Bunuel's Belle de Jour without much of the humour or surrealism.
0.8 It boasts a fantastic turn from TV veteran Robin Weigert and is visually reminiscent of Todd Haynes's Safe (it's beautiful to look at).
0.8 An intriguing, independent drama with a notable performance from Robin Weigert who played Calamity Jane in Deadwood.
0.4 A stellar lead turn by Robin Weigert isn't enough to save this staid story of a lesbian call-girl.
0.6 It's not entirely plausible, to be honest, but there's an easy naturalism to the drama and a sharp intelligence behind the camera.
0.6 Passon's film arcs into view as a beguilingly flighted curveball - and, as its protagonist's progress attests, the occasional one of those keeps everybody on their toes.
0.6 Middle-class, very self-consciously egalitarian New Jersey is lucidly captured, especially the mildly daring dinner parties.
0.6 Concussion is wonderfully shot, a confident and accomplished debut for a filmmaker with a promising career ahead of her.
0.8 The film's unpredictability and irrepressible sense of humour ensure that it stays on the right side of the jaded cynicism that afflicts so many US indies set amid this sort of moneyed dissatisfaction.
0.6 Satisfaction is fleeting.
0.4 Tepid and contrived, this is really House & Garden porn.
0.8 Director Stacie Passion doesn't try to ape Bunuel's surrealist twist on ennui in Belle Du Jour, instead crafting an enthralling, modern tale in which intimacy is a goal rarely achieved.
0.6 Concussion is well acted, well written and genuinely entertaining, but I just wish that it had rung a little less hollow.
0.6 It's not pretty, but you can't turn your eyes away.
0.75 An engrossing meditation on modern alienation and the ways we cope when we discover something missing in our lives.
0.5 It's on the dull side, despite a fair amount of tasteful, non-explicit sex.
0.7 The quest for sexual fulfillment of a lesbian housewife.
0.25 This might sound, at the very least, titillating, but "Concussion" is anything but.
0.87 Passon's portrayal of sexuality is not so much fluid as it is open, a frankly refreshing way of seeing.
0.875 Takes this well-worn storyline and makes something unique out of it, something fresh and bizarre.
0.5 For all that could be said of why this character chooses this path - of what this says, or she thinks it says, about control, or submission, or transgressiveness - the movie says nothing.
0.5 Ms. Passon ultimately seems to skirt some of the larger life questions hinted at along the way.
0.8 It is Weigert's performance that gives the film its mystery and charge. Playing seriously with identity, she draws the viewer ever closer. The way she never reveals everything is electrifying.
0.64 Weigert is the film's constant saving grace, her fast wit and enormous range suggesting that Abby is aware of the irrationality of her situation -- and yet, no matter what, remains hell-bent on seeing it through to the bitter end.
0.6 Concussion is firmly grounded in reality, and that verisimilitude is what makes it intermittently shine.
0.875 The near-imperceptible finesse of Abby's characterization reflects writer-director Stacie Passon's effortless, interesting mix of richness and economy.
0.6 The ambitions of writer-director Stacie Passon's plot feel too tame, revving up to a scene of shame rather than radical revision. The Kids Are All Right pushed similar material to more affecting ends.
0.7 Concussion is a brilliantly nuanced look at the complications of modern relationships.
0.625 The slick look (by production designer Lisa Myers and art director Kevin P. O'Donnell) highlights the split between Abby's suburban oppression and her urban freedom.
0.875 an edgy, energetic ode to youthful idealism and rebellion molded quite clearly on the rough-hewn vibrancy of various European New Waves, particularly the works of Jean-Luc Godard
0.77 The final moments here, which simultaneously suggest a return to traditionalism and a new form of globalized alienation, offer open-ended ruminations on Senegal's future role in the world.
0.6 Mr. Mambety mixes neo-realism and fantasy to create a mood of unease and aimless longing. The performances are good.
0.25 An insult to the viewer's intelligence, which sticks to silly slapstick while failing to get around to making a mature statement about relationships.
0.625 I wouldn't call the movie a dog, but I didn't love it either. Our search for the next Great Romantic Comedy, like so many Hollywood singletons' quest for love, continues.
0.75 ...the film is ultimately difficult to resist, though it's clear that those who generally dislike this sort of thing will really hate this.
0.5 Must Love Dogs could have used a longer leash and a lot more frolicking in the park.
0.6 Diane Lane makes an extremely appealing lead and there's good chemistry between her and Cusack, perhaps because of their shared history at the edges of the Brat Pack in the 1980s.
0.4 Cusack in particular seems to have embellished his role with an assortment of verbal quirks that suggest he wasn't too happy with what was on the page.
0.4 If only the whole script had been as sharp as some of Cusack's caustic one-liners, then this might have appealed to more than just the Chardonnay brigade.
0.5 Manages to be engaging, even though the plot is badly underdeveloped.
0.43 An inconsequential, harmless piece of moderately cute fluff
0.4 Uma producao sem entusiasmo ou vida, o que e fatal para seus propositos.
0.5 Nowhere near as good as its stars due to stagy dialogue, but still a sweet experience.
0.75 Attractive, witty, and exceedingly cute movie seeks undiscerning viewers for good times and more!
0.7 While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera.
0.5 Despite its stars, despite its premise, and despite the presence of cute canines, "Must Love Dogs" is the most bland romantic comedy of the summer. Possibly of the year.
0.5 Everything that happens here has happened in dozens of romantic comedies before. If you're thinking of going to see Dogs, all I can say is: you've already seen it.
0.25 A romantic comedy so generic that its label AND what's inside is nothing but a black-and-white checklist of the lamest rom-com cliches ever invented.
0.625 The best way to combat a lackluster script is good casting, and Diane Lane, John Cusack and Christopher Plummer are quite the foot soldiers in Must Love Dogs.
0.5 I wish [Lane and Cusack] had a better script to work with in this cyber-dating comedy ...
0.375 There needs to be a master list out there of conventional Romantic Comedy cliches and gestures that filmmakers and writers can refer to so as not to play to them ever again.
0.4 To say Diane Lane would have trouble finding a date moves this movie into the science fiction realm
0.4 The makers of "Must Love Dogs" clearly have an affection towards canines but they didn't seem to even like the audience.
0.5 Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.
0.3 ...the first 75 minutes are sophomoric, foolish, unrealistic, unfunny, and contrived, if not puerile, ignorant, and ill-informed.
0.1 It's hard to cheer for a film that wears a slight sneer when it comes to its leading lady.
0.625 a predictable and genial romantic comedy that's not very romantic and never really all that funn
0.75 Lane and Cusack create characters who are genuine, funny and romantic.
0.6 Perfect for a girl's night out.
0.625 There's no compelling reason why these two characters ought to be compatible except that their names come first and second in the opening credits.
0.6 think of Must Love Dogs as a You've Got Mail without Norah Ephron's neuroses
0.3 The movie wastes the talents of its two leads by refusing to take any risks with the material, marching in lockstep to every genre cliche.
0.75 Must Love Dogs ... unleashes snappy, smart dialogue that's good enough to make us want to sit and stay.
0.2 ...homosexual characters in romantic comedies serve the same role that Eunuchs did in the ancient Middle East:nonsexual good listeners who exist to assist hapless rich women.
0.625 As fantasies go, you could do a lot worse.
0.625 The film gets more tepid as it goes along and ultimately just drifts off.
0.5 Some of the lines are pretty clever, but you need to have a very keen and sticky tolerance for dogs making goo-goo eyes.
0.5 The film makes no real impression; it's amiable, occasionally funny and indistinguishable from dozens of other romantic comedies just like it.
0.625 The real reason for taking a chance on this minor summer confection would be to catch up on the life of an unbilled hero: Lloyd Dobler.
0.6 It works. That's the most and the least that can be said of this frequently funny romcom.
0.4 It's OK to be retro with your screen romance, but retro shouldn't feel this inept.
0.625 Lately, Hollywood has gotten so obsessed with doing big things badly, it seems to have forgotten how to do small things well.
0.5 Beware! Every time you're just about to settle back into mature romantic comedy mode as if it were a warm bath, things get silly. Really silly.
0.75 A romantic comedy is only as irresistible as are its temporarily star-crossed lovers. By this barometer, the enjoyably breezy Must Love Dogs boasts quite a pedigree.
0.375 Did Lane and John Cusack really have to put themselves through this? Here are two first-rate actors in the embarrassing situation of playing blithering misfits in a lame comedy of errors.
0.5 Be warned. When the makers of Must Love Dogs want you to like somebody, they slam your hand in a drawer until you say uncle.
0.625 It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food.
0.5 There is an extremely supportive and welcoming market for an actress like this in the right romantic comedy. Must Love Dogs is half that movie; witty, rueful, true and sweet. The other half is so conventionally dumb, it hurts.
0.75 Must Love Dogs reminds me of the golden retriever that lived next door long ago: endearing, consistently sweet-natured, ready for a brisk turn around familiar territory as long as no strenuous intellectual demands are ever made.
0.5 Too pat when it needs to be hairy, Must Love Dogs fails to find the undercurrents of complex emotion beneath its pretty patter surface.
0.625 While Lane is her typical winning self, the film is mawkish.
0.625 Tall handsome actor seeking willing audience...
0.625 Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before.
0.5 Bland, generic and showing every sign of having been market-tested to death.
0.25 Unless you have an affection for scrawny, slobbery face-licking films with no bite or bark, don't even think about it.
0.75 Just when you think you have Goldberg figured, he springs fresh surprises.
0.77 I like the characters and the story but find that the film just doesn't go the distance in some areas.
0.83 Sweet, funny, touching, and contemporary.
0.7 "Charming and sweet, wrapping a leash around your heart."
0.6 Even with a too-cute script, divorcee romantic comedy is passable thanks to the peanut butter/chocolate pairing of Diane Lane and John Cusack.
0.625 This may be the summer's only film not aimed at teenage boys, but it still feels unshaped and underdeveloped.
0.5 Such great performances... Such a dreadful movie.
0.625 When a woman who looks like Diane Lane has to use the internet to find a date, something has gone horribly wrong with our world
0.6 It's not When Harry Met Sally, but then again, what is?
0.7 Even vehicles on autopilot eventually reach their destinations, and Dogs proves to be an easy ride
0.625 Must Love Dogs makes a good first impression -- it's smart, funny and entertaining. But as the reels unwind, it's missing the special chemistry necessary to make us fall head-over-heels for it.
0.75 Must Love Dogs proves that you can teach an old genre new tricks.
0.75 Director Gary David Goldberg has said he gave the script to Cusack to add his own touches, resulting in some clever and engaging repartee with Diane Lane, another intelligent and likable actor.
0.3 It takes Lane, John Cusack, Dermot Mulroney, Elizabeth Perkins, Stockard Channing and Christopher Plummer and forces them to reenact the entire unabridged Encyclopedia of Treasured Romantic Comedy Cliches and Chestnuts, Revised Second Edition.
0.5 Must Love Dogs isn't quite a dog, but it's far from an ideal date movie.
0.3 Must Love Dogs is an Internet dating comedy so weightless that it makes a trifle like You've Got Mail look like Chekhov.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is a film that won't inspire love or hate. It's just sort of there: An inoffensive way to spend an evening. Just remember, you can't get those 107 minutes of your life back.
0.6 A lively romantic comedy, grounded by John Cusack as an intense idealist with wit and a big heart, about the role of Internet match-making services in the dating game.
0.5 The film's curdled aftertaste is so frustrating that it may be hard to remember why Must Love Dogs ever seemed so endearing and entertaining in the first place.
0.25 Not everything needs to be art, of course, so here goes your proof.
0.5 Lacks the requisite passion and urgency to make the experience anything more than a periodically pleasant waste of time.
0.75 Must Love Dogs, though, has some things a lot of today's romantic comedies don't have and need badly: smart dialogue, bright characters and a pair of lovers who don't look as if they belong at a college bash or in a gossip column.
0.625 On what planet does Diane Lane, she of the double-dip-sundae bod, whipped-cream face, and cinnamon hair, go dateless? Only on planet Hollywood, where she is routinely cast as an underappreciated wife or overlooked single.
0.5 Must Love Dogs is like a puppy with big brown eyes and a wagging tail who weeps with eagerness to lick your hand, but you take a look around the pound and decide to adopt the sad-eyed beagle who looks as if she has seen a thing or two.
0.7 Lane and Cusack transcend the formulaic nature of the romantic comedy genre
0.625 Romantic comedies usually stand or fall on the likability of the leads, and the leads in Must Love Dogs, Lane and John Cusack, both of whom downplay the shtickiness of the material by underselling it, are very likable.
0.625 What Must Love Dogs is ultimately insisting, after all, is that we all deserve to frolic merrily in the sun with loved ones (possibly in the form of John Cusack), Frisbees and dogs. Who wants to argue with that?
0.75 It manages to rework genre conventions with an exuberant wit and an authentic feel for the fits-and-starts madness of the mating game.
0.625 Sharply written script in the dialogue department. But the chemistry element wanes and a heart element is nearly absent. Still, light, funny, always amusing. Kudos to Cusack.
0.75 Whenever Cusack is on screen, the energy level of the movie just jumps up.
0.75 ...enough doses of the real world to elevate it above your average romantic-comedy fantasty.
0.5 Cutesy stuff, breezily amusing but...a basically weightless and disposable date movie.
0.4 The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me.
0.5 One big product placement for a commercial dating service on the web. Its URL is only mentioned 2 or 3 times in the movie so I won't repeat it... unless they send a check.
0.7 Harmless and enjoyable -- but it'll float right out of your brain within a couple hours of seeing it.
0.6 If [it] ends with a painfully contrived set piece, it also . . . adds rowing lessons to the metaphors of foreplay
0.625 Bland and forgettable -- a romantic comedy with affable characters and some funny lines, but where love never really takes flight. It fizzles when it should sizzle.
0.125 To paraphrase some hackerish blurb I just heard on the shill-y E! network: Must Love Dogs is in the doghouse.
0.4 Nicholson gave the best analysis of the film in a later-career interview: "It was incredibly bad."
0.4 Moody, not-quite-coherent suspense
0.4 Tepid, shoddy stuff despite its pedigree.
1.0 Masterpiece about absolute truth. Best for teens.
1.0 "Rashomon" may be a prosecutor's nightmare, but it's a film lover's dream.
1.0 The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable.
1.0 Unmissable.
0.875 What Akira Kurosawa and his tiny production team wrought is now an accepted maxim of modern life, a creed by which to live in a world where everyone has a blog and an opinion.
1.0 Film buffs should love it. But so should anyone who appreciates a good yarn or two (or three or four).
0.89 a game-shifter that challenges all we think we know about truth
1.0 Astonishing.
0.875 ...reveals Kurosawa's own influence, especially on the filmmakers behind the recent rash of Japanese horror.
0.8 Kurosawa is always worth a look but this is a particular classic that has influenced so much to come, it's almost essential.
1.0 It does nothing less than demolishing everything its characters -- and some of its audience -- believed in.
1.0 I suspect that most people who come to Japanese cinema first enter it through Kurosawa.
1.0 A classic head-game of perception versus reality.
1.0 An ultimate classic that changed how films were told forever. By telling the story from each character's point of view, "Rashamon" explored how narrative can be biased, and how one person's story is never the whole tale. I highly recommend this film.
1.0 Copiado a exaustao por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon e inigualavel - nao apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela analise sobre a natureza humana.
1.0 Much of the power of the picture -- and it unquestionably has hypnotic power -- derives from the brilliance with which the camera of director Akira Kurosawa has been used.
1.0 Rashomon is a great piece of entertainment that engages your brain and your emotions
1.0 Rashomon (1950) struck the world of film like a thunderbolt.
1.0 The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening.
1.0 There is so much content in its 88-minute running time that even careful viewers feel their heads spinning when they first see it.
1.0 despite the many imitators, no one has quite duplicated the power and gnawing unease of this challenging film
1.0 A biting commentary on deceit, gender roles, and due process (not to mention Japanese culture).
0.8 Great.
1.0 Kurosawa's most brilliant move in Rashomon is never to reveal what really happened. We are left to make our own deductions.
1.0 A monument to Akira Kurosawa's greatness, combining his well-known humanism with an experimental narrative style that has become a hallmark of film history.
1.0 The film is not only a landmark for being one of the most philosophical and brilliant films of all time, but is also one of the most entertaining.
1.0 What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story.
0.5 ...simply (and ultimately) unable to wholeheartedly justify its existence...
0.75 This delirious experience covers most bases and makes at least a cursory stab at the few it misses.
0.8 Werewolf thriller set during French revolution.
1.0 A 17th century French costume drama where everybody is Kung-fu fighting - with some highly watchable results!
0.8 Guaranteed to make you howl at the moon on your way out.
1.0 A stylish, smart, edgy, exciting and involving trek though familiar folklore, often better than the masses have been told and even more appealing after repeat viewings.
0.8 The film has a wonderful style and a sense of movement that barely slows down for its two and a half hours.
0.75 'Magnifica oportunidad para poder apreciar otro tipo de cine de accion que no provenga de Hollywood, donde la calidad esta peleada con la taquilla y la maquinaria generadora de dolares.'
0.75 A delightfully eclectic piece of filmmaking.
0.25 If The Brotherhood of the Wolf has a reason for being, it may be only to prove that the French can make movies as silly, blood-soaked and overblown as the Americans.
0.5 It's the best darned French werewolf kung-fu movie I've ever seen. That's not saying much.
1.0 Blends too many genres to be easily described, but whatever it is, it's awesome!
0.75 The damnedest thing I've seen since the Siegfried and Roy 3-D Imax movie.
0.625 A big, sprawling adventure yarn that's a lot more like a Hollywood film than a European film ...
0.7 In short, it's a big mess. I mean that in the best possible way.
0.75 thoroughly engrossing, a high-rent guilty pleasure whose subtitles do little to obscure its basic investment in the thrills of sex and violence
0.7 Plenty of swash-buckling, ass-kicking, beast-taming and bone-crunching for everyone!
0.7 It's such a thrilling piece of nonsense, it's little wonder it's already one of the most successful French films ever.
0.75 Exhilirating viewing, at least while the feet are flying and the fangs are baring.
0.7 One of the most wildly and audaciously unpredictable movies in ages.
0.7 This is visceral cinema with a devilish wit and a glossy sheen.
0.75 Utterly preposterous but so full of enthusiasm and flashy style that it's entertaining anyway.
0.4 Suffers from its shotgun approach and a severe identity crisis.
0.8 Proof positive that Hollywood doesn't own exclusive rights to the "Enjoyable B-Movie".
0.4 This new take on horror is more of the bloody same.
0.6 A deeply ambitious picture, one of the most expensive and original to come out of France in many years.
0.7 Imagine John Woo directing a lush French period horror film with fight choreography from The Matrix's Woo-Ping Yuen, and you'll have a pretty good idea what to expect from Wolf.
0.625 Brotherhood is set in 18th century France, and it kicks more butt than The Patriot
0.75 Daring in its approach and successful in its result -- assuming the result is to provide pure entertainment to the viewer.
0.5 If director Christophe Gans and writer Stephane Cabel had been content to simply make an 18th Century-set chopsocky creature feature, then all would have been fine.
0.75 Check your brains at the popcorn stand, ignore most of the florid, subtitled dialogue -- and sit back and enjoy this genre-bending wild ride.
0.1 A mad agglomeration of styles and traditions that ultimately results in nothing so much as a mad agglomeration of styles and traditions.
0.3 Gans appears to have no threshold of pain when it comes to his eardrums.
0.25 Gans splices genres without shame and makes a grand effort at proving that the French can make big, boneheaded, mass-market action flicks, too.
0.875 Gourmet Brie on a baguette -- empty calories, and certainly a guilty pleasure, but what a delicious diversion.
0.75 I would be lying if I did not admit that this is all, in its absurd and overheated way, entertaining.
0.8 A cross-cultural hoot that no one should take too seriously.
0.8 The picture has a daring attention-span deficit and an epic silliness that can be awesomely entertaining.
0.3 Brutal. Ugly. Predictable. Boring. Stereotypical. Comical. Violent. Lethargic.
0.625 Despite its laughable elements, the film's eerie ambience continually bolsters its integrity...
0.375 Its beast, which looks like a papier-mache dinosaur, jumps around like a cheap monster from a bad 1950's sci-fi flick.
0.75 Gans's Gallic super-production is so outrageously trashy it's impossible not to like.
0.875 Imagine what it'd be like if John Woo were a French guy obsessed with Lautrecian brothels.
0.4 The result will leave serious cinephiles cold and bore those in search of lurid cheap thrills.
0.75 The combatants in pre-revolutionary France could have taught Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan a lesson.
0.7 De cualquier modo, y pese a su duracion, la pelicula es pasajera, suficientemente buena, y tiene elementos que pueden disfrutarse...
0.7 One of Spielberg's most difficult "problem" films.
1.0 This is Spielberg's way of showing that these warriors were ordinary men -- men who, if they survived, became the grandfathers and great-grandfathers who, these days, pass largely unnoticed through life.
0.8 Spielberg's latest masterwork, pairing America's director with '90s Everyman Tom Hanks, makes a natural companion piece to his similarly disturbing Schindler's List.
0.75 Spielberg's typically overindulgent sensibilities mute the impact of the film's more overtly captivating moments.
0.8 Ultimately, it lacks the resonance of such classics as All Quiet on the Western Front, but this is still well-meaning, strongly acted and slickly mounted, and ranks among the director's very best films.
1.0 By now we expect this level of performance and narrative competence from a Spielberg film. But what makes Saving Private Ryan a watershed is its emotional maturity.
0.8 Technically, it may be the best-made war movie yet, but dramatically, it barely delivers.
1.0 The cast functions as an effective and believable unit. And Hanks gives a strong, increasingly solemn performance as its mysterious leader.
1.0 Anyone who would like to know what superb filmmaking is all about need look no further than this overpowering movie.
1.0 The great Hollywood battle films have told us repeatedly that war is hell. Saving Private Ryan, more than any other, is the one that shows it.
0.8 Thanks to Hanks, and Spielberg's technical finesse, this develops into a powerful and potent portrayal of men at war, and those opening 20 minutes are worth the price of entry alone.
0.8 Bloody, tragic war epic doesn't hold back.
1.0 It deserved all the honors it received, looks and sounds great on Blu-ray, and safely remains among the best war movies of all time.
0.94 Saving Private Ryan set a new benchmark for realism in WWII films, and defined war movies for a generation. A film of scope and vision rarely experienced, its award-winning cinematography and sound editing helped convey the blood-chilling images of
1.0 I personally have never fought in a war before but I would go out on a limb and say that the first twenty minutes of the film may be the most realistic war scene I have seen.
0.6 It's forty minutes of steely violence and two hours of cliche-ridden flab.
0.875 Saving Private Ryan is an incredible movie, a near-masterpiece.
0.7 The opening 30 minutes are so devastating that much of what follows ends up feeling anticlimactic. Good, but overrated.
1.0 Neither wholly condemning war, nor spouting patriotism, Spielberg shows us the price we pay.
1.0 Uncompromising, powerful war movie that does not pull any punches. Pefectly balances the inhumanity of war and the humanity of its protagonists. Devastating and essential viewing.
0.875 It's Spielberg at his best, although the movie doesn't match the primal thrills of Jaws or the overwhelming excellence of Schindler's List.
0.7 Even the music score by John Williams, one of the most important ingredients of Spielberg's magic formula, is hardly memorable. The acting, on the other hand, is very good.
1.0 The movie's greatest strength lies in phenomenal performances that reach from the leads right down to the smallest supporting roles...
0.75 The platoon is an unlikely combination of heroes, cowards and crusaders.
1.0 This film does for World War II what Platoon and The Deer Hunter did for Vietnam. It takes you there.
0.9 Saving Private Ryan is far from flawless, but it's an important movie. It shows what America was once capable of, how a threat to freedom and justice was met with resolve and bravery, and how a great victory came at great cost.
1.0 Very few movies strike the delicate balance that Private Ryan maintains between harsh reality and higher purpose.
0.5 The combat scenes alone make it a must-see, but I sometimes wished I could fast-forward through the rest.
0.75 The greatest Steven Spielberg movie since the last great one? Sure.
0.8 El desembarco en Normandia es un evento famoso de la Historia, pero nunca habia sido fotografiado en esta forma.
1.0 This is an important film that deconstructs war machines into separate, frightened men as it so likely was.
0.875 A message which can never be spoken too often, or for too long.
1.0 With complete visual and aural technical mastery, Spielberg and Kaminski thrust us face-first into the fighting, and never let us back out for two hours and forty minutes.
1.0 Saving Private Ryan may be the most mature war film ever made.
1.0 For those who are willing to brave the movie's shocking and unforgettable images, Saving Private Ryan offers a singular motion picture experience.
1.0 A powerful experience.
1.0 Despite nearly six decades of filmmakers trying to come to grips with [World War II, Saving Private Ryan] feels like the first truly honest attempt to deal with the horrors of combat -- and the terrible responsibility shared by all survivors.
0.9 Saving Private Ryan is one of the most brilliant pieces of film ever created. I don't think I'll ever be able to watch it again.
0.89 The performances are all superb.
1.0 With its riveting combat drama played out against a D-Day backdrop, Saving Private Ryan is a masterpiece of World War II heroism.
1.0 The most intense modern war movie ever made.
1.0 With Private Ryan the object is to put you in a place no sane person would choose to go. And it does.
1.0 The standard has been raised.
1.0 As compelling, intimate and brutally realistic an account of men at war as you've ever seen.
1.0 An experience that left me shaken and deeply moved.
1.0 An experience sometimes hard to endure but not to be missed.
1.0 Once again, Steven Spielberg proves that as a constructer of movie images, he's unbeatable.
1.0 A stunning piece of work that aims and hits the audience square in the gut.
1.0 Spielberg has done and said a lot more about war in this film than any other film in history ever has.
0.8 A bitter, bloody masterpiece with adrenalized emotions and hyper-realized images.
1.0 Spielberg opens in flashback with a half-hour set piece brilliant enough to climax any other masterpiece.
0.9 Spielberg has obviously poured his heart into this movie.
0.75 Certain to be one of the year's most popular and talked-about movies.
0.875 ...Features the strongest character interactions of any Spielberg work post-Jaws
1.0 Launches and climaxes with two of the greatest extended battle sequences ever put on film.
0.75 A good movie, but, like Amistad, it has its problems.
0.75 It is the battle scenes, which burn in your mind for days afterwards, that distinguish this film.
1.0 A war film that, entirely aware of its genre's conventions, transcends them as it transcends the simplistic moralities that inform its predecessors, to take the high, morally haunting ground.
0.8 Absolutely genuine, graphic, testament of the actual horrors of war.
1.0 Una de las experiencias cinematograficas mejor logradas y mas impactantes de muchos, muchos anos
1.0 The word that springs to mind is 'intense', but that is an understating insult.
1.0 Saving Private Ryan is a brilliant, savage piece of filmmaking, a soaring paean to the courage of man -- as individual and as family.
0.9 The honesty and realism of some of the scenes of this film may forever change the war film.
1.0 Ralph Waldo Emerson once said that 'war educates the senses,' and that statement has never been truer than when applied to Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.
0.8 A terrifically gripping WWII drama that manages to balance introspection with bursts of battlefield action.
0.6 If the story were as compelling as it should be, we would have wept over the injustice of it all and unfortunately, that didn't happen.
0.6 Moving, powerful movie of two brothers.
0.8 Sherritt has been in a lot of movies, but the role of Rev. Maclean seems like one he was born to play. He owns it, the way that Pitt and Sheffer own theirs, and as a result it takes no time at all to believe this group as a family and become involved.
0.625 Even set against the Sierra Club beauty of Redford's Montana, it's hard to get excited by fisherman casting their lines into the water.
0.8 A great movie to watch with the family at Christmas.
0.7 A specialist in bringing books to life as movies, Redford has a knack for finding what matters in the text and making sure it ends up on screen.
0.8 Brad Pitt's breakthrough...a nostalgic, fine telling.
0.6 Nice to look at but rather dull
0.4 How exciting is fly-fishing as a metaphor?
0.4 Disappointing drama. Some moving moments while fly fishing, but a senseless tear-jerker end just seems desperate.
0.9 Here are two things I never thought I'd say: I like a movie about fly fishing, and Robert Redford has directed one of the most ambitious, accomplished films of the year.
0.75 A very unusual Hollywood movie: it is literary and it has a heart of gold.
0.8 A truly remarkable film. Redford's direction is unmatching.
0.8 A beautifully made and photographed story of familial bonds.
0.6 Director Redford also addresses the theme of loving families who do not communicate pain well.
0.6 Don't be put off by the fact that this is a fishing movie, A River Runs Through It is about as absorbing as it gets.
0.875 Redford and his writer, Richard Friedenberg, understand that most of the events in any life are accidential or arbitrary, especially the crucial ones, and we can exercise little conscious control over our destinies.
0.69 It's pleasant and inoffensive in the nicest possible manner.
0.7 What compels Robert Redford to make movies from seemingly impossible subject matter?... Whatever the motivation, we are the richer for his labors.
1.0 This is a movie that is not only highly entertaining but will remain etched in the memories of audience members for some time to come.
0.875 This has the feel of something genuine: sweet, touching, and sentimental.
0.625 ...an appealing premise that's employed to watchable (if entirely uneven) effect by filmmaker Stanley Kramer...
0.6 ...rather tame and superficial by today's standards: a gentle, sentimental comedy on the subject of interracial marriage.
0.8 Civil rights, love, and family stress.
0.625 Tracy looks tired in this draggy production; he died soon afterward, and it's infuriating to watch him sweat to inject fire into such pap.
0.8 A most delightfully acted and gracefully entertaining film.
1.0 It would be easy to tear the plot to shreds and catch Kramer in the act of copping out. But why? On its own terms, this film is a joy to see, an evening of superb entertainment.
0.6 An earnest liberal outing that today seems passive, tame and condescending, but still watchable because of the performances of Tracy, Hepburn and Poitier.
0.8 Well-meaning and generally effective.
0.7 As an opus on race relations, Dinner certainly seems a bit daring, but it's just not standing the test of time terribly well.
0.2 A somnolent international crime thriller. Completely run-of-the-mill and executed with zero energy.
0.8 Though it is relentlessly violent and at times difficult to watch, The World Of Kanako possesses a raw momentum that is undeniable.
0.4 One of the silliest hostage thrillers you're ever likely to see Patrick Stewart vamp his way through.
0.0 The title could not be a more ironic--the people behind this film don't have a single mind between them, let alone one to master.
0.5 This 'Donnie Darko Tale' is all style, no substance - a superficial imitation that retraces the original's twists and turns but offers none of its own.
0.3 It's been reported that Richard Kelly has completely disowned this movie, and for good reason
0.4 The entire project seems to sweat from the exertion of its writer Nathan Atkins and director Chris Fisher to do something-anything-to make the film worthwhile.
0.4 It wants to echo the original but can't figure out the rhythms.
0.2 a thick, viscous sludge of cliches, stereotypes, and poorly written dialogue
0.6 A sexy, suspenseful thriller. A great cast
0.6 An OK whodunit with a memorable, unintentionally hilarious ending.
0.4 Jim Carrey succeeds but the film is too mean-spirited and its supporting players too one-dimensional to make this story worthwhile.
0.8 ILYPM is quite good and it's a shame that this film was shunted around the backburners for so long.
0.6 Inspirada en una increible historia real, esta comedia de Jim Carrey no es para nada la tipica comedia de Jim Carrey, aunque haga uso de sus habituales recursos histrionicos. Una comedia romantica absurda, irreverente y gay.
0.875 A remarkably strong debut...
0.9 You have to hand it to Jim Carrey. He could take the easy paycheck time after time in bland movie after bland movie, but he keeps on running down these weird roads and that's where he winds up doing his best work.
0.9 Leaving aside the extent in which the premise of I Love You Phillip Morris is essentially very sad and serious, this is overall an extremely funny and at times very sweet romantic comedy.
0.75 This is the most interesting role Carrey has had in a long while.
0.875 It's a joy to see Carrey used in a way that revels in his schizophrenic nature while also trying to make some authentic emotional sense of it as well.
0.82 I like the outre screwball flavor of the piece; it feels a little like Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can crossed with one of John Waters' gently transgressive cult movies.
0.2 ...a minstrel show of gay stereotypes.
0.8 A few words of warning: I Love You Phillip Morris has nothing to do with the powerful tobacco company or the man it was named after.
0.875 I Love You Phillip Morris is first and foremost a romantic comedy -- and a more effective one than any to hit theaters in 2010.
0.625 It's hard to tell who the film is designed for, since it may be too juvenile for gay audiences and too gay for Carrey's straight fans.
0.2 Smirking and awkwardly insincere, it revolves around the shocking scams of a bizarre sociopath.
0.6 It's a jokey, flirty pile of wink-wink to let the audience know these two heterosexual actors are pretending to be in love just to get a laugh.
0.75 If nothing else -- restores Jim Carrey to a semblance of his former glory.
0.5 Lots of hilarious antics, but not a comprehensive film.
0.75 The latest in a series of fact-inspired, cartoonish movies ('Ed Wood,' 'Shattered Glass') about self-invented American strivers driven to practical insanity as they simultaneously rebel against and desperately grasp at the American dream.
0.5 Carrey veers more toward In Living Color mimicry than Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind soulfulness. That approach completely undermines a love story that's already being told in a slipshod manner.
0.9 I do recommend it for the adults among us.
0.75 An amusing and weirdly affectionate ride. Anyone want to sign up for the Free Steven Russell movement?
0.625 [The] elaborate cons may be fascinating, daring stuff, but the heart of the picture is the romantic relationship, which is squeezed out to the edges.
0.8 A satisfying and often very funny film.
0.7 Jim Carrey gives it his all. The con makes this movie worth seeing even if you never feel the love.
0.3 It's confused and confusing, by turns hilarious and off-putting. In short, it's awfully hard to love I Love You Philip Morris.
0.8 A charismatic little underdog of a movie.
0.75 Yes, some familiar Carrey tactics are on display, but the star's performance has real heart - it's easily the best thing he has done since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
0.625 The trouble is that, while Carrey is transforming himself into a guy who fills a hole in his soul with a big big love, Ewan McGregor is barely skimming the surface of his (admittedly underwritten) nice-guy role.
0.75 A delirious comedy that remains on track largely thanks to Jim Carrey's goofy but grounded performance.
0.5 It's satire, but not quite funny enough; a love story, but not quite sincere enough.
0.8 Another fantastic performance by Carrie, not be mention McGregor. Living proof that the only difference between fact and fiction is that fiction has to make sense.
0.75 It's funny because it's true. That's the idea behind the mad-love story I Love You Phillip Morris, which gets its kicks by being much stranger than fiction.
0.7 As a romantic comedy, it's better than any of the half-hearted, interchangeable flicks that normally dominate the genre, in part because of the smart laughs, but mostly because it refuses to play to genre conventions.
0.625 The romance between them is touching at its best moments, corny at its worst.
0.9 It finds the humor in an unlikely love story, and it resists any temptation to play it straight.
0.75 The role is a good fit for Carrey, who manages to dial down his usual mug-a-minute schtick while still being funny, capturing the manic, paranoid heart fluttering beneath Russell's trust-me exterior.
0.7 Carrey is truly great in one of those rare risky roles that prove he can do more than pull faces, although the frank portrayal of an alpha male who is also "gay, gay, gay, gay, gay" is sure to make some percentage of his fan base squirm.
0.625 Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of I Love You Phillip Morris is its inability to maintain the high level at which it begins -- a withering lampoon of wholesome, middle class values.
0.5 There's plenty to scratch your head about here. Is it a drama? A comedy? And if it's a farce, what's it making fun of?
0.5 Proof that just because a story is strange and seemingly unlikely does not inherently make it worth the telling.
0.7 Laugh-out-loud hilarious one moment and darkly tragic the next, I Love You Phillip Morris' tone is wildly uneven, never quite sure of what sort of movie it wants to be-and I loved it for it.
0.75 This isn't great farce, but it's more than good enough. And Carrey is more than good enough in it.
0.875 Carrey makes the role seem effortless; he deceives as spontaneously as others breathe.
0.5 Steven Russell is a slippery character that the film never fully gets its hands on.
0.625 It would have worked much better as a gritty drama about the most toxic non-violent criminal in Texas history.
0.8 A story about love that truly binds in an outrageous way and what one man would do to make sure he would not have a broken heart. It's adorable and will have you laughing along the way.
0.75 There's plenty of sweetness at the core of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa's bold, bleak little comedy I Love You Phillip Morris.
0.8 ...a warm, witty work of unassuming delight that just so happens to be about two men in love...
0.6 Wacky but mature comedy examines a love with no limits.
0.6 With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen.
0.75 The rails could have come off Phillip Morris in so many ways, it's a miracle that the film sticks together as well as it does.
0.8 [Both] stars prove to be enormous fun in a gay love story played straight in a thoroughly crooked context -a comic crooked context, mind you...
0.75 Such an endearing oddity that you have to wonder exactly for whom it was made. But I'm glad they did nonetheless.
0.2 "I Love You Phillip Morris" not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie.
0.375 Directors John Requa and Glenn Ficarra, who wrote the wickedly hilarious Bad Santa, assume a mocking tone that falls flat. They aspire for a cleverly offbeat vibe, but it feels forced and calculated.
0.7 Laugh-out-loud funny at moments and surprisingly touching in others, I Love You Phillip Morris has the potential to be a dark horse contender come awards season.
0.375 That the same-sex relationship is treated nonchalantly, like any more conventional Hollywood romance, is appreciated, but that is roughly where the praise must unfortunately end.
0.5 Though Carrey seems to be giving his heart to Steven's romance with Phillip, and pouring a lot of sweat equity into very vigorous sex, he never gets beyond his Jim Carrey-ness to let us discover the character.
0.8 sort of like a darker, weirder Catch Me If You Can
0.75 The movie, written and directed by John Requa and Glen Ficara of Bad Santa fame, is all over the place. But it's also outrageously funny.
0.7 ...a brave and funny film that is worth seeing, especially if you are looking for something original.
0.5 Mr. Carrey has balls of brass, but seeing him dressed flamboyantly in fish-net bikinis and high-heel Nancy Sinatra boots is an experience I hope never to repeat again in this lifetime.
0.6 Carrey and McGregor are both excellent at plumbing the depths of their intentionally broad characters.
0.8 A raw and unadulterated comedy that finds true emotion within its characters and its humor from the fact that some of the craziest bits really happened.
0.8 It's the pull no punches ridiculousness of I Love You Phillip Morris that's the real draw. It has tenderness without sentimentality and poses real questions about the psychic dangers of deception.
0.8 An over-the-top and out-of-the-box movie about a creative conman's quest for true love.
0.75 Jim Carrey, as a queer con artist motivated by undying passion for a cellmate, brings a euphoric energy to this insubordinate farce.
0.625 Jim Carrey plays to both his comic fan base and those who want to see him stretch that limber frame with I Love You Phillip Morris
0.4 Jim Carrey i Ewan MacGregor ovdje nastupaju u, za Hollywood, prili&#269;no eksplicitnim scenama gay seksa
0.22 Defined by puppy love, a crude sense of humor, and rampant immorality, the characters here are as repulsive and shallow as the film that contains them.
0.6 When Carrey is onscreen, everything about the giddy, conflicted man he's been asked to embody is either amusing, sympathetic or true.
0.8 Eficiente na construcao de uma narrativa leve a partir de uma historia que poderia facilmente se apresentar como uma experiencia pesada e deprimente.
0.6 It's being marketed mostly as a comedy - and it's packed with genuine laugh-out-loud gags.
0.75 Carrey demonstrates an ability to successfully flit between the kind of flat-out slapstick physical humour with which he made his name and that darker, more disturbing strain of comedy he never quite nailed in early efforts such as The Cable Guy.
0.4 The cons and the crimes misfire on screen.
0.8 The bravest and oddest comedy of the year.
0.6 Carrey's exuberant and ever manic performance is at the core of the film, yet is often on the brink of threatening to consume it entirely.
0.6 It works like a dream -- a particularly vivid one -- with only an actor of Carrey's energy having the ability to pull it off, even if this reduces McGregor's passive partner to one dimension.
0.8 A cult comedy classic in the making.
0.6 The film has flaws, but its sheer exuberance deserves viewing.
0.6 I liked McGregor's convincing performance -- he even runs camply -- and there are enough funny lines to keep us mildly entertained.
0.8 The puzzle fits together very entertainingly here.
0.4 Loved the chutzpah, but the heart and the funny bone are left relatively untroubled.
0.8 It's the comic role of a lifetime for Jim Carrey, who apparently worked for union rates in order to help the film get made.
0.6 This isn't a satire or a cautionary tale: it's one of the most romantic, most inspiring films of recent years.
0.8 Beneath all of the wackiness, these are real people we can vividly identify with.
0.8 Enjoyable, offbeat and inventively directed comedy-drama with a superb script and a terrific performance from Jim Carrey.
0.8 This is one of those rare romantic comedies that's both romantic and comic.
0.6 Hugely entertaining in fits and starts, thanks to the flash and sass of Carrey's catch-me-if-you-can antics.
0.6 The film remains outrageously funny without resorting to cheap gags.
0.8 Best of all, throughout this madcap yarn, Carrey's Russell is a fittingly unreliable narrator and thus pings the movie randomly through time in occasionally bewildering and ultimately exhilarating fashion.
0.8 Carrey is definitely the star of the film, but McGregor remains the emotional anchor.
0.8 One of the funniest films of the year, this is a wonderful mix of old-school Carrey outrageousness with a genuinely touching a" and very modern a" love story.
0.8 Funny, sometimes tender and ultimately unsettling black comedy.
0.53 Tsai's style is essentially written in stone at this point, and [this] hardly challenges it. [He] is as visually adept here as ever, right up to the film's peaceful final shot.
0.625 A subtle, slow-moving presentation of hope and responsibility that will test your patience if you are not a fan of elliptical, dreamlike narratives like those in Tsai's films.
0.4 Music interlaces the action, which proceeds mostly without words, expression or, regrettably, interest.
0.3 Directors who come up with films with "sleep" in the title shouldn't be this dull if they don't want glib comments made about them. Yes, I Don't Want To Sleep Alone is a snooze-fest.
0.8 While not as erotic as other films by this director, there's a languid sensuality to the story.
0.6 This mostly wordless saga is striking but slight.
0.8 Tsai's long, static, near-wordless takes may try the patience of some, but fans will be enchanted by his new-found warmth.
0.6 An enigmatic fable of longing and loneliness in present-day Kuala Lumpur.
0.875 The hormones here don't rage so much as unfurl over two exquisite hours.
0.7 Tsai's drama is something like a mixture of Robert Bresson and R.W. Fassbinder, as God's bedraggled souls struggle with the desires of the damned, and nobody wants to go into that good night alone.
0.833333333333 For Tsai's fans, Sleep offers many pleasures, including a heightened attention to nocturnal beauty and a gorgeous, uncharacteristic surrealism.
0.7 It takes some careful attention and a not insignificant amount of patience, but if you can modify your expectations accordingly, Sleep is a highly rewarding experience.
0.625 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is a title to keep in mind while absorbing this allusive, humid mood piece.
0.75 The longing is palpable, for love and for just companionship. In this languorous world, the drama's title speaks volumes. No one wants to sleep alone.
0.875 In addition to the regional pop music that once again fills his soundtrack, Tsai finds great beauty in streets of Kuala Lumpur particularly at night, making this gorgeous film one that should be seen on a large screen in the total darkness of a theater.
0.875 The pleasure here belongs to Tsai's images, which can be both familiar and baffling, or beautiful and humorously deadpan, or realistic and supernatural.
0.833333333333 A serious return to creative form and a renewal of focus; there's a sense that every perfectly timed slow take and studied composition serves a purpose. And not a single melon gets shtupped.
0.8 Some will hate him for his lack of concern for forward momentum and traditional plot. Others, like me, will go ga-ga for his technical achievements and meditative pauses
1.0 I Don't Want to Sleep Alone is emotional in what it says about the need for connections, religious in what it asks about the universe.
0.7 In I Don't Want to Sleep Alone, Kuala Lumpur is a city of smoky alleyways and empty, half-lighted streets, where a few solitary, sad-looking souls stand out from the crowds.
1.0 The geographical shift from Tsai's familiar Taipei to his homeland of Malaysia results in both a revitalization of those elements and a new level of visual beauty. The stunning final shot makes it a masterpiece.
0.75 Despite his films' frequently static compositions, Tsai's cinema flows ever forward with ambiguous, multivalent purpose.
0.5 If you mess with perfection, you end up with the beast.
0.66 Conventions of the time did not allow director Victor Fleming to examine the powerful sexual undertones of Stevenson's tale, robbing the film of much of its potential insight
0.75 MGM gave the familiar story the big-budget, big-star treatment, but in the process drained it of all of its biting social and psychological implications.
1.0 Quite eerie classic thriller with Tracy surprisingly good in title role(s).
0.7 Less an outright horror film than its predecessor and more a straightforward psychological study. Most of the earlier sex is replaced by a stubborn, straightlaced morality.
0.4 Botched remake of the 1931 classic.
0.4 A little Freudian theory is a dangerous thing. It can make a piece of errant hokum dizzy with significance.
0.4 Spencer Tracy is miscast and overrated in one of the weakest adaptations of the story to date.
0.8 A bit starched and yappy, but still packs a punch.
1.0 ...it renders the uttermost strengths of the silent film era, in which the audience was dependent on what went into the picture instead of what came out of the speaker.
0.5 There is in this edition of the picture an effort to cover too many historical incidents and the consequence is that quite a number of the passages are confused.
1.0 Napoleon is the last great silent epic. We will not see its like again.
1.0 Gance's use of subjective camera was almost recklessly ambitious in its bid to give the spectator the most visceral viewing sensation, while his skill in blending and multiplying images was unprecedented.
1.0 The experience it provides - at times, akin to taking a drug - is unlike anything I've ever experienced in a movie theater.
1.0 Fascinating, experimental, ahead of its time
1.0 Abel Gance's visionary silent epic Napoleon is a dazzling display of cinematic virtuosity.
0.5 A TV-movie that feels like TV and replaces tense scenic construction with talk and reaction shots instead of focusing on the action.
0.0 This film is so painfully awful that no pleasure can be found in criticizing it.
0.875 It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
0.3 They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
0.6 It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
0.625 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
0.7 That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
0.75 Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
0.375 an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
0.75 It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
0.5 This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
0.6 A solid lead-up to the finale.
0.75 As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
1.0 This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
0.63 It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
0.625 a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
0.75 In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
0.6 Better than the first, not as good as the second.
0.625 So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
0.5 The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
0.8 This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
0.4 Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
0.7 The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
0.7 Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
0.8 In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
0.4 The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
0.8 Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
0.9 An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
0.8 A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
0.25 This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
0.5 Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
0.25 A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
0.5 It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
0.75 So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
0.4 Dark and too often tedious.
0.6 The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
0.8 A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
0.75 Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
0.375 Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
0.8 To be honest, Mockingjay Part 1 is probably the weakest of the three so far, but if this is as bad as it gets, that is still something of a triumph.
0.8 Melancholy, violent sequel sets stage for waging war.
0.5 Just like Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I is one long and boring journey leading to one surprising moment that isn't worth the two hours it takes to get to its destination.
0.7 A solid entry in the series, and lays an intriguing foundation for Part 2, but Mockingjay - Part 1 is rarely as entertaining or rewarding as its predecessors.
0.875 With Mockingjay - Part I, the series becomes a clever commentary on the genre it helped cement.
0.6 There's dramatic tension, a good deal of emotion, and one heck of a setup for the next movie. But frequently this warm-up seems like it's huffing and puffing without generating a lot of real heat.
0.75 May not work on a stand-alone level, but if you've become invested in the series, it's an important, thoughtful bridge between what has already happened and what is yet to come.
1.0 Mockingjay succeeds where the book failed
0.8 Lawrence's performance roils with stress and fear, as it did in the first two films, and director Francis Lawrence stays with her, up close, from start to finish, visually mirroring the script's examination of Katniss's cult of personality.
0.5 Dour, dreary, disappointing installment, milking every last dime out of the franchise's devoted following.
0.625 Jennifer Lawrence's charisma and the the sly excellence of her supporting cast keep "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" aloft.
0.375 Not even the ferociously talented Jennifer Lawrence, whose greatest skill is breathing life into lifeless material, can work her magic here.
0.8 This four-part franchise, based on the Suzanne Collins novels, turns very dark with this strikingly bold third film, which once again makes the most of perspective to recount a parable about normal people rising up against oppression.
0.5 It's not as snooze worthy as the first part of "Harry Potter's" finale, but that's the only good news out of Mockingjay Part One.
0.375 ...a shameless cash-grab designed to extend the life of this profitable series.
0.8 'Mockingjay, Part 1" is only half awesome because it is only half a movie. Suzanne Collins' final book in the trilogy has been segmented into two films, massacring the momentum the previous films had delicately built.
0.7 The vast majority of credit for 'The Hunger Games' franchise should go to the cast, and most importantly to Jennifer Lawrence, without whom this sucker would surely crash and burn.
0.625 The end result is a serving of dystopian-pop entertainment lifted over the middling mark by the humanity supplied by the cast.
0.8 Mockingjay is by far the bleakest of the movies so far. Yet this first part of the last book in the Suzanne Collins series may also be the most potent.
0.8 Mockingjay - Part 1 is just big enough of a story that, even as a two-parter, the film feels substantial and justifiably halved. There's simply too much to digest as all the pieces are put into place and the real games are set to begin.
0.4 The book's critics say this the weakest of the three novels. True or not, the ultra slow Mockingjay - Part 1 is part one of a story that definitely doesn't warrant two parts.
0.7 Katniss proves she can handle the action as it spills out of the arena. Binge viewing is encouraged...
0.75 This is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series, with the heroes constantly on defense - running, hiding, planning, hoping.
0.625 This is filler in every way you can look at it. Good filler, but still filler.
0.4 Mockingjay Part 1 is a hideously boring, bleak film. They've taken thirty minutes of plot, then stretched it out like taffy into an insufferable two hours.
0.8 This transitional effort's teething problems aside, it's crammed with well-drawn characters and intelligent ideas, meaning the franchise remains as robust and rule-breaking as its idiosyncratic protagonist.
0.5 The effect of so many Oscar-calibre actors speaking the generic dialogue is like watching pro ballplayers play T-ball.
0.75 If Mockingjay - Part 1 is quieter and less flashy than its predecessors, that doesn't make it less satisfying.
0.625 Captivating as both drama and allegory, and may even one-up the previous two entries in terms of its force of will and emotional complexity.
0.4 The greedy money grab for four movies rather than three is the epicenter of the film's problems.
0.875 Although Jennifer Lawrence hasn't earned an Oscar for her performances as Katniss Everdeen, no one can mock her 'Hunger Games' role.
0.5 It seems just one very elaborate preparation for the last episode and I do think that the fans have been conned, to a certain extent, that this episode has been split into two.
0.7 The strength of this third manifestation of The Hunger Games is in the cast and in the screenplay.
0.8 The third episode in the teen franchise is darker, deeper and braver.
0.4 As played by Hutcherson, [Peeta] has all the charisma of the least interesting member of the Yale crew team. Three movies in, [his bond with Katniss appears] more desperately theoretical than ever.
0.75 Just as the messianic rebel leader Katniss Everdeen has found her footing, the hit "Hunger Games" film series has become more assured with its latest installment.
0.75 This is as grim as PG-13 can get; the darkness is comparable to that of The Empire Strikes Back.
0.625 It's solid, though it's the least inspired of the three films to date, existing primarily as a bridge between the second film and the finale.
0.9 Skips the exhilarating games of the first two films and matures into a thought-provoking blockbuster that further distances the franchise from its would-be YA competition.
0.6 The Girl On Fire has gone up in smoke.
0.6 The Hunger Games is declining in power, but not as steeply as I thought, and this weird, operatic nightmare still inhabits the screen with confidence.
0.7 Is it worth sitting through this movie knowing full well that almost everything exciting and engaging is being saved for the finale? The answer is a qualified, with many reservations, "Yes."
0.8 It's a well-executed, occasionally daring exploration of war, propaganda, and guilt that's easy to watch, but occasionally difficult to stomach.
0.75 OK, there's less action in Games this time, but what's there is prime. And the acting is aces.
0.625 We can almost hear this revolution's resounding rallying cry: 'Hurry up and wait!'
0.6 If it's more talky and less satisfying than its predecessor, the propulsive The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - largely because the conclusion won't come until next year with Part 2 - it's still a sporadically involving adventure.
0.6 Katniss has little to do but react to the actions of others, though she does get to blow stuff up with her bow and enjoy a literal save the cat moment.
0.625 It makes for lumpy storytelling that never quite hits its stride.
0.5 The characters, once fresh and immediate creations, move like solemn chess pieces across the screen. Each scene, once tight and energized, feels sluggish and protracted. The crisp dialogue, now flabby and perfunctory, fails to propel the narrative along.
0.5 Audiences have a long year to wait for Part 2. Would it not have been better to leave them breathless than heaving a sigh?
0.625 There's enough here to at least keep fans of the series involved and eagerly awaiting the grand finale.
0.7 There's plenty of foreshadowing of what is to come but the story doesn't so much come to an end as have an intermission.
0.7 More politically-driven than its predecessors, the feature manages to keep the story's momentum going while giving more attention to its supporting characters.
0.6 Jennifer Lawrence holds everything together, ensuring by her sheer presence that you are willing to stick with it to the bitter end even as it feels that everything is in a holding position waiting for take off.
0.75 Although it doesn't make a lick of sense as a stand-alone story, "Mockingjay - Part 1" is the first "Hunger Games" movie with meat on its bones.
0.6 Although the great performances and promise of what's to come help offset the listless pacing and general needlessness of splitting the final book into two movies, the whole thing feels like one giant tease for "Part 2."
0.5 This dark-and-dour installment suffers from saga sag, which is the effort of the Hollywood studios to stretch a stirring girl power series with a monster fan-base beyond reasonable limits for the sake of lucre.
0.75 The second-to-last movie pitfalls strike, but the series has earned enough good faith to make Part 1 essential viewing.
0.625 After its first two terrific installments, the newest edition of "The Hunger Games" left me hungry, like a feast that's stunningly prepared but flavorless and non-nutritious.
0.8 Mockingjay - Part 1 is as dingy and dark as Blade Runner, but just as fascinating. No more party dresses catching fire. No more fantasy games. In their place is a war tableau that seems realistic, even if this is a futuristic fantasy film.
0.8 Although unmistakeably laying the groundwork for the finale, there is - for a series ostensibly aimed at adolescent girls - more genuine tension and bona fide thrills than Iron Man, Thor and Captain America rolled into one.
0.625 More often than not, Lawrence stands with jaw slack and brow scrunched, staring ahead to a murky future, one that won't be resolved until, oh, about this time next year.
0.4 With no real beginning and no real ending, the unsatisfying Mockingjay Part 1 is essentially all middle -- one big, stretched out, watered-down second act.
0.625 You leave this well-acted, impeccably designed movie as you entered it: still waiting.
0.6 Mockingjay may lack the action and excitement of the previous two movies, but it makes up for it in greater emotional and thematic resonance.
0.7 That Mockingjay maintains such a high level while evolving from a futuristic war film into a straight-up political thriller is an incredible achievement, even if it comes at the expense of the action some have come to expect.
0.8 DIVING back into the dystopian world of Panem and its arrow-firing heroine Katniss Everdeen continues to be a heady and exhilarating experience.
0.8 The revolution isn't just televised in the latest Hunger Games instalment; it's subdivided.
0.5 The film ultimately rests on Lawrence, and though she never disappoints, a single actress -- even one as lovely and lovable as she -- cannot save a blockbuster film.
1.0 Complexo, inteligente e tristemente contemporaneo.
0.5 Mockingjay - Part 1 does get a mid-film lift when Katniss and Gale go up against Snow's air force with a few bows and arrows; the scene is ridiculous, and it works. But the rest is a muddy, underlit slog, a movie that searches in vain for its own pulse.
0.5 Table setting for a meal that won't be served until next November.
0.625 It's a joyless, surpassingly dour enterprise, but one that fulfills its mission with Katniss's own eagle-eyed efficiency and unsentimental somberness. "Mockingjay" sets up the end Game with a grim sense of purpose.
0.625 Is there enough here to keep us interested? Yes, but there's a frustrating sense of time being marked in much of "Part 1" and the script often veers into no-duh territory.
0.7 Director Francis Lawrence does a nice job capturing the claustrophobic environment of District 13 and has a good eye for action shots. But the actors are what really sell the movie.
0.625 The least satisfying "Hunger Games" entry yet.
0.75 Lawrence, ever commanding and vulnerable, even delivers a song in a smoky voice that's vaguely reminiscent of Norah Jones. Place those EGOT 2025 bets now.
0.875 As an adaptation of part of the third book by Suzanne Collins, it's easily the most political of the three films. It's also the most absorbing and best in the series.
0.25 A dull, claustrophobic, pallid-looking film about people looking into and talking at screens. When the end finally comes, it's from out of nowhere, except it's not really an ending, more like a work stoppage.
0.2 For a film about the power of media to sway humanity in a desired direction, it's awfully leaden.
0.75 A dark, grim and exciting entertainment.
0.7 Without giving anything away, let's just say the pause button has been pressed with tantalising precision. Same time next year, then? You bet.
0.5 In this chapter, Katniss Everdeen, the working-class rebel played by Jennifer Lawrence, mostly holsters her weapons and plays dress-up, just as the movie itself gives up any higher aspirations of offering social commentary or insight.
0.75 Even though Mockingjay contains scenes of mass graves and mass slaughter on the battlefield, this isn't a movie, or a set of characters, built on bloodlust or the enjoyment of anonymous kills.
0.8 Yes, there is the usual teacup storm of romance, a girl caught between two boys, as in the Twilight series, but The Hunger Games offers teenagers a much more important set of questions to ponder.
0.4 Nothing more than a prelude to next year's finale. The material is way too thin to sustain two movies.
0.625 We're meant to feel the weight of Katniss' situation, and we do, but the picture can also fairly be called leaden...
0.75 I took my 14-year-old niece to see it, and she emphatically expressed "Oh my God! It was amazing!" You can't beat that.
0.375 Thinly spreads a half-hour's worth of plot over two plodding hours.
0.5 If you want drama, and action - and, most especially, Katniss in charge - well, buy another ticket, next year.
0.4 There are moments when "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" takes flight, but overall this action-drama flits about, wondering where to land.
0.5 Dull, dark and relentlessly glum.
0.7 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 often plays like a waiting game, but it solidifies the star and ideas of the franchise as the true heroes behind the YA phenomenon.
0.6 What was a tamed rip-off of the gory 'Battle Royale' becomes more like Steven Soderbergh's 'Che': a cerebral look at the gruntwork of revolution - with the YA-required threeway love story, of course.
0.625 What do you get when you greedily split a book in two? Long-winded filler with only pockets of tense action. Or, in Hunger Games terms: all smoke, no Girl on Fire.
0.8 Mockingjay merits the split - it perhaps even gives some balance and rhythm to a story that might've felt rushed were the events crammed into a single movie.
0.6 A disappointing follow-up to 'Catching Fire.' You're left feeling as if you've only watched half a movie without the same feeling of anticipation to see what happens next.
0.85 It's the blockbuster reimagined for a modern age of social consciousness, in which having the right idea means nothing if you can't also make a meme out of it.
0.8 The power of emotions in filmmaking is at the heart of this beautifully constructed and self-aware blockbuster. Can't wait for Mockingjay 2.
0.6 It might make economic sense for Lionsgate Pictures to carve the novel in two but it means this movie is all built-up with a distinct lack of excitement.
0.6 I wait with almost-bated breath for part two, a year from now. But I wish I didn't have to.
0.8 The politics of Mockingjay are as intensely gripping as the games in the earlier films -- and more deadly.
0.6 The drama and tone are powerful and effective and Lawrence makes an exceptionally charismatic heroine, but an almost total lack of action means this is less catching fire than treading water.
0.8 The film-makers have kept Collins's best lines, allowing Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, as Katniss's two love rivals, to show off their genuine acting skills.
0.6 Lawrence is again tremendous as Katniss. She gives her character an emotional depth that you don't expect in a franchise movie, conveying her vulnerability and doubt as well as well as her fiery determination and Barbarella-like sex appeal.
0.8 Mockingjay is, of course, fundamentally meant to be an engaging piece of entertainment... However, it's also a story in which the protagonist can be looked at as not just an unlikely hero, but a deconstruction of what a hero is or is meant to be.
0.8 Finds its success in meaningful themes, character-driven story, and smart execution, and ultimately creates some impressive depth for the phenomenon franchise.
0.8 Thrilling, heartfelt, and a terrific curtain-raiser for the final battle, Mockingjay Part 1 takes the Hunger Games series to new heights even as it sings in its own voice.
0.6 The special effects are limp and the script a little creaky, although somehow it still manages to thrill.
0.8 With measure and muscle, Lawrences Jennifer and Francis nail the job of selling the long, twisting road towards revolution.
0.6 As terrific as that first act is and as mostly entertaining as what follows is, Hunger Games: Catching Fire part I is half of a single story and mostly concerned with setting up however the series ends.
0.6 All queue, no roller-coaster.
0.8 Stylish, gripping and surprisingly thoughtful.
0.8 The Empire Strikes Back of the Hunger Games series.
0.8 Mockingjay Part 1 is a powerful, moving, penultimate chapter.
0.75 The intention seems to be to create a ferocious film without an iota of fakery...
0.9 Starred Up is unflinchingly ferocious and you won't be able to look away.
0.952 Gritty, intense, unflinching and taut. An emotional punch to the gut. Jack O'Connell delivers a bravura, star-making performance. It's the best prison drama since A Prophet.
0.8 The power of this movie is in its lack of interest in the dramatic and its preference, instead, of the humane.
0.8 Gritty British prison dramas are hardly something new but every so often one crops up that grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go.
0.8 Jack O'Connell is electrifying.
0.8 Yup, there's a prison wing full of cliches, but, aided by razor-sharp performances from his cast, Young Adam director, David Mackenzie, delivers a raw, powerful, British prison drama.
0.8 Two of the year's best male performances give depth to the film's fascinating character study.
0.8 Starred Up may cover familiar ground but it's executed with such arresting authenticity that it's hard to not be drawn in and ultimately excited. This is prison melodrama done amazingly well with sharp performances and visceral attention to detail.
0.75 Just about the most uncompromising prison movie imaginable,.
0.6 Despite its inevitable hard-surface jailhouse cliches, Starred Up is impressively well filmed, impeccably acted and, for those of a nervous disposition, brutally shocking.
0.75 Director David Mackenzie has empathy for the characters, but also knows how to ratchet up the tension and make the scene of mayhem pack a wallop.
0.6 Watching it is like watching a slow-motion train wreck -- you know you should look away, but you can't help but watch to see the potentially horrifying results.
0.8 Take one teenager. Add raw testosterone. Arm with unquenchable, unreasoning anger. Lock in pressure-cooker cell. Unleash. Roll camera.
0.625 "Starred Up" manages to be sympathetic, not only because of O'Connell's galvanizing turn, but also Asser and director David Mackenzie's unwavering commitment to portraying his character with as much compassion as brutal honesty.
0.75 A clear sense of why Anton Yelchin doppelganger Jack O'Connell soon may be a household name.
0.8 It's almost as difficult to sit through "Starred Up" as it is satisfying to watch it.
0.875 ...captures the madness of a societal menace without ever losing sight of his humanity.
0.75 The raw emotions on display need no translation. David Mackenzie directs the film in a piercingly realistic style.
0.75 There's a nasty cycle suggested by the way this prison operates.
1.0 This is strong medicine, yet it's also exhilarating.
0.65 [O'Connell] fully immerses himself in the character, bringing the right amounts of cocksureness and vulnerability to the role.
0.9 The most tremendous thing about Starred Up is exactly how simple it keeps things, and what a richly nuanced story emerges in the process.
0.8 As it begins, with its hard, unflinching look at a prisoner transferred to an adult institution, it might recall Steve McQueen's very tough Hunger (2008), but though Starred Up always retains its edge, it finds a sympathetic heart as well.
0.8 Marks star Jack O'Connell's breakthrough into superstardom with a performance so visceral it challenges Tom Hardy's Bronson for sheer aggression.
0.8 Expect to hear a lot more from English actor Jack O'Connell, who holds the screen as well as his character, Eric, commands a cellblock.
0.875 Starred Up is a small indie film in danger of slipping through the cracks at the Hollywood-driven multiplex. Finding it - in theaters or on VOD - is well worth the effort.
0.7 From the cell block politics, to the crooked authorities supposedly in charge of keeping the peace, Starred Up doesn't pull any punches in its tough and gritty depiction of prison life.
0.9 Boldly and brilliantly made. Starred Up is raw, relentless and riveting.
0.875 We've seen many visually arresting films in recent years and character studies are as common as film festivals, but it's the remarkable blend of the two here that makes "Starred Up" devastating.
0.85 One of the best prison dramas you're likely to see in some time, but the real stand-out is the introduction of Jack O'Connell
0.875 The cautious optimism with which it answers questionsa about rehabilitation and forgiveness is credible because the characters and setting feel so thoroughly authentic.
0.8 The film's exploration of the legacy of violence is measured out in brief bursts that are always terrible and unsettling, but never feel indulgent or excessive.
0.8 It's the strength of the performances that really makes Starred Up a cut above most British dramas, particularly those of Mendelsohn and O'Connell.
0.6 Mackenzie keeps us grounded in the maze of prison life, coaxing powerful performances from his cast, each apparently encouraged and emboldened to find their own space.
0.8 Starred Up is draining, brutal and absolutely unforgettable. Hands down, this is one of 2014's must-see movies.
0.83 Powerful and intelligent filmmaking that demands to be seen.
0.8 Those considering a life of crime may think again after seeing Starred Up, a bleak, brutal and compelling thriller set in a singularly grim British prison.
0.8 Two things allow Starred Up to stand apart from the pack: a rigorous attention to prison procedure and a stunning breakthrough performance from Jack O'Connell.
0.8 It offers no easy answers and takes no sides: the result is one of the most engrossing, exciting and explosive prison films the UK has ever produced.
0.6 Luckily, the film's gritty atmosphere prevails.
0.7 Rising star Jack O'Connell delivers a ripping performance as a young convict with more baggage than you'd think humanly possible.
0.8 It is impossible to take your eyes off O'Connell as Eric, so convincingly psychotic that there are times when you have to remind yourself this isn't a fly-on-the-prison-wall documentary.
0.8 It is an incendiary, visceral, riveting drama with a fascinating Oedipal twist; a brutal-realist depiction of male behaviour and prison culture, with the bitter tang of authenticity.
0.8 It's a mini-Machiavellian structure, Machiavellianly worked out, with added anarchy and mordant wit.
0.6 For such a violent movie, it pulls its punches a little at the last. But not before it has given us a bleak picture of the defeated misery of a certain kind of violent man, locked in a prison of his own making.
0.8 There are no easy answers, or unlikely transformations, just a superbly made, thought-provoking human drama with outstanding performances and just enough hope to carry the day.
0.8 This bruising and brutal jailhouse carve-up rides on the back of an astonishing central turn by Jack O'Connell.
0.8 Mackenzie skilfully sketches the sense of community and hierarchy that prison life is built upon, and makes us keenly aware of the simmering aggression that threatens to boil over at any time.
0.8 While the machinations of the guv'nor and his lackeys at times seem unlikely, relationships between the lags themselves are well realised, particularly with Eric and Neville.
1.0 It's brilliantly acted, touching, tense, weirdly funny and, for the most part, bruisingly authentic.
0.8 The details ring true and the performances smart in Mackenzie's prison movie.
0.8 As soon as O'Connell comes striding through the prison door, his aura is electric.
0.8 A brutal, immersive prison survival story with a breakout performance by British actor Jack O'Connell.
0.8 Starred Up is the finest British-made prison drama for a long time, courting comparison even with the likes of A Man Escaped.
0.5 Starred Up, at the outset, holds a tremendous amount of promise...
0.8 Some outstanding performances from O'Connell and Mendelson, both hugely exciting actors ...
0.8 Starred Up gives you a good sharp shake and, in doing so, truly opens your eyes.
0.8 Gripping and sharply written British drama that offers an intriguing twist on the usual prison movie cliches and features a star-making performance from Jack O'Connell.
0.6 Prison films have always had their share of surrogate father-son bonding, so there's something satisfying about making it biological - it's a shrewd twist in the formula.
0.6 For the most part this is furiously compelling stuff, convincingly mounted and superbly acted
0.8 The best prison movie since A PROPHET. Jack O'Connell is a star in the making.
0.7 A well-produced tribute to a complex and often exasperating personality.
0.8 Staccato and compelling, this fast-paced biography recounts some of his views and opinions--writings that alienated people and won supporters.
0.7 A documentary is only as fascinating as its subject, and, love him or hate him (most did the latter), Norman Mailer was one fascinating American.
0.0 At one point, Kily/Tilly notes: "Parents! You can't live with them. You can't live without their Mastercard." Hopefully, that will be the only sentence I remember from this abomination, and if the Lord is merciful, not even that.
0.8 Apesar do final que soletra a mensagem do filme, e um western atipico, denso e, principalmente, corajoso para sua epoca.
0.875 Movies dealing with law and order rarely fall out of fashion simply because their themes remain forever relevant. This classic Western is no exception.
0.8 ...the movie suggests we had better look to doing the right and decent thing before we act on a majority decision made in the heat of the moment.
0.9 one of the saddest movies ever produced
1.0 It should tell you something that this was among Orson Welles' favourite films
0.8 Packs a pretty incredible emotional punch in its brief 75 minutes.
0.6 Studio-bound (it looks like a 50s TV film), but powerful
0.875 ...one of the most impressive debut features in cinematic history.
1.0 No matter how many times you've freeze-framed the bit at the end, it's still up there with Die Hard and Taxi Driver as one of the great once-a-year indulgences.
1.0 Brash, abrasive and unrelenting, this is a must-see.
0.75 This movie is not for everybody. It's for hardly anybody. Fans of this kind of paperback-style bloodbath, however, will be held by the promise of a resolution as outlandish and as the rest of the picture.
1.0 A brash, brutal crime-caper film, Reservoir Dogs has enough raw energy for 10 motion pictures and more than enough rough stuff to traumatize the sensitive. But not only does Dogs have teeth, it has brains.
0.8 Tarantino's palpable enthusiasm, his unapologetic passion for what he's created, reinvigorates this venerable plot and, mayhem aside, makes it involving for longer than you might suspect.
0.625 A much-acclaimed revisionist gangster film that I found to have more style than substance.
0.875 Reservoir Dogs is hideously ugly in its materials, but in the sure way it's made and the vividness of the performances, it's a thing of beauty.
0.8 Raw and bloody. For adults.
0.875 An action movie comprised almost entirely of words.
1.0 memorable
1.0 Tarantino was slated to direct the masterpiece that was True Romance but took on this project which might be the best directorial debut in years!
1.0 It's dynamite on a short fuse.
1.0 A tour de force.
1.0 Quentin Tarantino came out of nowhere with perhaps the most astonishing, explosive American debut film since John Cassavetes' Shadows.
0.8 This is a savage gangster story with all the Tarantino trappings, including enough blood for a couple of Jaws movies.
0.91 The one QT film that always manages to rope a knot in my stomach and keep a firm grip, pulling, twisting, tightening and re-tying it.
1.0 For Tarantino, the age of heroic competence is as dead as his characters are at the fadeout.
0.8 Grandes atuacoes em um filme chocante, mas engracado em sua violencia estilizada.
1.0 Fantastic crime movie. Awesome dialogue, plot structure and acting. Doesn't get much better.
0.6 A small, modestly budgeted crime movie of sometimes dazzling cinematic pyrotechnics and over-the- top dramatic energy.
1.0 A nasty, unchained beast with teeth as sharp as razors. And it's a dog that proudly leads the pack of the very finest crime films.
1.0 While Reservoir Dogs is probably Tarantino's most unpolished work, it strongly contends for the distinction of being his best.
0.9 I can't remember a movie getting me so excited about what you could do with a little bit of money, some fine actors, and lots of beautifully profane rhythmic dialogue.
0.9 Tarantino's debut is a wildly entertaining, thrilling, upsetting and hilarious movie, shot and performed with verve, go-for-broke energy and gritty charisma.
1.0 Riveting from start to finish.
0.9 After watching this film for the zillionth time, there's no doubt in my mind that this 'little doggy' belongs at the top echelon of any list having to do with great crime pictures.
0.875 Tarantino's camera has instinct.
0.8 Tarantino exploits audience savvy, preferring to build anticipation, mesmerise, and then cut away at the climax.
0.875 A ballet of macho posturing, gun-pointing, and the creative uses of every four-letter word imaginable.
1.0 It's brutal, it's funny and you won't forget it.
0.625 Tarentino has the craft down but lacks the depth and moral wisdom to avoid merely gleeful bloodletting.
0.625 The movie feels like it's going to be terrific, but Tarantino's script doesn't have much curiosity about these guys.
1.0 A nod to such noir crime classics as Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," the movie's more than savvy sensationalism. Suspense, horror and humor are expertly interwoven.
0.87 A classic well worth watching.
0.9 Chock full of witty and quotable dialogue and eye-popping scenes.
1.0 [A] remarkable macho crime caper that is at once violent, sickeningly funny and utterly compelling.
0.9 Tarantino has created a movie with all the gritty punch of a .44 in the belly.
1.0 The writing is crisp and clean, providing line after line of snappy dialogue designed to leave the viewer alternately pondering and laughing aloud.
0.6 Want more from a late-summer joyride than slides, wheelies and bunny hops? Get a load of Shannon, dementedly inspired, trying out an oddball accent and Richard Widmark giggle.
0.6 Just a few spokes short of a wheel, guys.
1.0 The kind of low-expectation late-summer film that can all too often fall under the radar but delivers more honestly and forcefully than most of its warm-weather predecessors.
0.6 Eye-popping practical bike work should provide interested viewers with a middle-of-the-road rush that's a bit short of 'premium.'
0.6 ... a lightning-paced, hyper-adrenalized entertainment.
0.4 There is also a romance and scenes of what may or may not be human trafficking but unless the action is happening on the back of a Schwinn it pretty much is only hinted at on screen.
0.4 Even though we see more of New York at street level than you'd ever expect in one thriller, this film is hit by one puncture after another.
0.8 This is about the bike, the road and the compulsion to go, go, go.
0.6 The film is one snappy, fast-paced chase through the streets of Manhattan. Never mind the logic, feel the breeze.
0.6 A least one reviewer cycled home from the screening in a state of uncharacteristic nervousness.
0.6 The chases are well done and Gordon-Levitt is a solid lead but the film gives him little to do other than ride.
0.4 A VHS classic from another age, but times have changed.
0.6 Simple but fun.
0.4 Fast, furious and infuriating.
0.5 For all its attempts at originality, Premium Rush is, at its heart, generic
0.4 A few twiddly Google Maps inserts aside, David Koepp's film is low on kinetic energy.
0.6 Enjoyable, fast-paced thriller that makes up for its plot deficiencies with sheer adrenaline and a pair of superb performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon.
0.6 We just laugh at every ridiculous twist and turn. But it's shot with real energy, putting us right on bicycles speeding dangerously through the New York traffic
0.8 A blast.
0.8 A satisfying piece of head-rush cinema that should leave viewers feeling exhilarated.
0.6 A movie that while thin and silly, moves with such joyous speed that you almost want to throw your arms in the air and scream.
0.75 Michael Shannon gives his run-of-the-mill dialogue an unusually campy kick and singlehandedly keeps Premium Rush entertaining when it could have been routine.
0.625 The better-than-average feel is perpetuated by Gordon-Levitt's remarkably (yet expectedly) charismatic performance...
0.6 JGL's enjoyment in his job adds welcome levels of Levitt-y.
0.625 Wafer-thin characters aside, Premium Rush delivers thanks to Michael Shannon's unhinged villain.
0.625 Rush Peddles to Satisfying Thrills
0.6 It is pretty exciting to see the race scenes happen through a camera on a bike speeding through the streets of New York. Plus Shannon gives a distinct portrayal of a bad guy.
0.375 Someone should have heeded the "brakes are death" creed of Gordon-Levitt's messenger and slammed them on while this was still a script.
0.75 ... the kamikaze cyclist's wet dream and the best action movie of the summer, a fun fusion of humor, suspense and pure adrenaline ... Hitchcock meets 'Breaking Away,' anyone?
0.522 Initially diverting and thrilling, but with diminishing returns. It's excessively inane and cartoonish. Not enough pleasure to call it a guilty pleasure.
0.7 Premium Rush isn't mindless mayhem, a thriller for teenage boys bursting with hormonal bloodlust. Koepp's film has a brain...
0.6 New York bicycle couriers lead such dangerous lives that it seems it would be possible to make a thrilling movie about them without having conventional villains or plots.
0.75 The movie speeds along crisply, providing just enough exposition to lend a few pounds of emotional weight without bogging down the breakneck pace.
0.75 It moves like a bullet, has some effective chase sequences, and gives you Michael Shannon as one of the year's most memorable bad guys.
0.6 Pure cinema.
0.8 It's the kinetic energy Koepp injects into the premise that overshadows the predictable plotting and pushes your pulse into the danger zone.
0.5 It never gels and one of the biggest problems is the lack of a consistent tone.
0.6 the powers that be perfectly understand that they are making an evening's diversion, not an artistic statement, which in itself may be a perfectly valid artistic statement
0.875 Gordon-Levitt, fresh off his pivotal role in "The Dark Knight Rises," is an engaging leading man - tough and plucky, but also charming and accessible.
0.7 There is virtually nothing original about the premise of Premium Rush, but its execution is immensely entertaining.
1.0 A Tour de Gridlock unfolding at a breakneck pace that doesn't give you a chance to pause to consider whether what you're watching is even credible.
0.4 Shannon should have made Roscoe P. Coltrane noises the whole time.
0.6 A silly, race-against-time thriller, filled with impressive chase scenes and stunt work on a bike without brakes.
0.875 A movie built around a bicycle messenger is a risky venture -- as an adrenaline-pumper, it sounds about as promising as Driving Miss Daisy -- but writer-director David Koepp invests in our need for speed right from the first frame.
0.4 What we're left with are bicycles scooting around Manhattan and some mildly diverting stunt work...
0.875 Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon face off in a 90-minute chase layered with flashbacks that cleverly fill in the details with Pulp Fiction-esque precision.
0.4 While Michael Shannon's performance is hilarious for every reason it shouldn't be, Joseph Gordon-Levitt disappoints for one of the first (and hopefully last) moments of his career. "Premium Rush" just feels sloppy and unsatisfying.
0.625 While the premise is a bit idiotic, and at a brisk 90 minutes, 'Premium Rush' delivers the best ride due to Gordon-Levitt and Shannon's hilarious and appealing performances.
0.875 The simple, utterly satisfying Premium Rush delivers just what the title promises.
0.75 In many ways a live-action Road Runner cartoon... The other influence is Howard Hawks, in particular 'Only Angels Have Wings'...
0.5 ...lacking characters to care about and with only the whisper of a story, 91 minutes of people riding bicycles at high speed through traffic-laden New York City isn't enough.
0.7 The 'premium' of Koepp's film is the frenetic pace while the 'rush' stems largely from ignoring the transpiring events and savouring the ride.
0.8 Sometimes, what makes a movie a good one is not the story so much as how that story is told.
0.6 (I)n the capable hands of David Koepp, we see how a simple premise can be parlayed into entertaining, escapist late Summer fun.
0.5 A near-miss. Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and especially Michael Shannon give it their all, but they can't overcome the patch-work script.
0.5 Rarely delivers on its title's promise of high-class excitement.
0.6 Overall it will make a fun evening out, but don't expect greatness out of this race to the finish.
0.8 Premium Rush looks and feels like a lightweight movie, because it is. But it's an unusually well-made one.
0.6 Premium Rush is little more than a 90-minute chase scene, but it's an often exhilarating ride thanks to adrenalin-triggering visuals.
0.5 Undeniably, the word "action" does apply, but only as it falls between "class" and "suit."
0.625 "Premium Rush" is both the title of this movie and its clever if less than subtle promise to summer audiences -- which it mostly delivers ...
0.25 This is supposed to be a life-and-death chase movie, not two friends messing around.
0.625 Breezy and entertaining, if imperfect ...
0.375 If it didn't star the universally beloved Gordon-Levitt, "Premium Rush" would quietly fall in the category of late-summer time killer for teenagers.
0.375 Premium Rush is like Kim Kardashian, it looks pretty, but you wouldn't want to marry it.
0.625 Premium Rush simply cannot recover from the pace-deflating expository flashbacks.
0.625 The cinematic equivalent of a theme park ride&#151;fun in the moment, inconsequential in the long run, and over in a blink.
0.75 Sit back and enjoy it as a summer jolt of pure adrenaline.
0.75 Like the lithe and maligned carriers weaving their way through Big Apple traffic, "Premium Rush" is a thin, brash, sinewy thing built entirely for speed.
0.3 The script is terrible and the greatMichael Shannon is forced to sound like a 1930's gangster: "Hey what's the big idea!" and he's so over the top and it sucks you out of it.
0.45 This will take you over when you're watching it, there's some cool tricks that suck you in, but after you start thinking about it, you realize that it's nowhere near as good as you thought it was while you were watching it.
0.75 The contrived tale is filled with plot holes, but the story takes a back seat to the chase-filled, daredevil action.
0.75 A surprising jolt to the system, driven by a great villainous turn by Michael Shannon.
0.8 [It] actually doesn't sound like it would work at all as a tightly wound slice of street action, but it does, and in radically fresh ways.
0.75 A chase is an inherently exciting event that movies can capture better than any other medium. David Koepp's Premium Rush is an exhilarating chase.
0.7 Premium Rush quickly kicks off its extended action set piece and never lets up.
0.75 A refreshingly simple stunt-packed, low-budget action movie.
0.625 Premium Rush can't decide if it's a serious, ticking-clock thriller or an antic, stunt-driven cartoon.
0.8 Cruising the streets of Manhattan, clocking in at a tight 90 minutes and set on a bike without brakes, this loose-limbed action-drama is a swift, sweaty ode to the city's subcultures and a punky descendant of '70s B-movies.
0.5 "Premium Rush" has a lot of energy - too much, it's kind of exhausting. It also has a lot of trickiness.
0.8 Stuffed with zingers and zippy stunts, it comes with pretty young things of all hues and hair types - few prettier than its lead, Joseph Gordon-Levitt - and start-to-finish clever special effects, none more clever or special than Michael Shannon.
0.625 The story appears formulaic at first but gets increasingly twisty as the movie progresses - though not always in a good way.
0.25 The plot is as layered and complex as a TV ad for detergent.
0.875 The skeleton of "Premium Rush" is as old as the movies: a chase. It's how the skeleton is fleshed out that makes the movie such loopy, crazed, dangerous fun.
0.5 For those who found "Speed" too thoughtful, there's "Premium Rush," the new king of brainless chase flicks (at least until Razor scooters finances its first feature film).
0.75 Think of it as a motocross event blended with "Bullitt."
0.5 It continually spins its wheels or even goes in reverse, backtracking to previous points to load new information.
0.625 Hollywood has been trying to pull off the bike messenger as action hero since 1986's Quicksilver with Kevin Bacon. You have to hand it to Premium Rush, which has the kinetic whoosh to keep you spinning.
0.6 This is empty-calorie stuff, but sometimes empty calories are the most enjoyable calories -- and Premium Rush, like Gordon-Levitt's bike-messenger character, delivers.
0.6 High-octane action sustains thin plot in teen-friendly film.
0.75 A snappy, fast-paced thriller that provides a genuine rush to close out the summer. Even if you prefer four wheels over two, you're in for a pulse-pounding time.
0.75 The nonstop action and physicality is like watching a two-wheel parkour workout video.
0.4 The action is neither cathartic nor supremely exhilarating. Bullitt on a bike this film is not.
0.95 An action lover's wet dream, with enough character and self-aware intelligence to forgive the rampant silliness at play.
0.6 Add neon and spandex and you might think of 'Tron'
0.75 Silly stuff, but for an end-of-summer matinee you could do a whole lot worse - and, by this point of the summer, probably have.
0.8 Like a bike wheel, the film reflects an ever-spinning cycle of scenes that race forward and then, just as quickly, pedal back in time. A riveting action, um, spiller, with Shannon as a bad cop who couldn't be better.
0.75 It's Shannon who doesn't just steal the film, he towers over it.
0.65 Premium Rush is a half-entertaining, half-exasperating movie - one that sells you on the notion of New York bike messengers as great fodder for cinema but then doesn't know how to build a feature around them.
0.875 "Premium Rush" is great fun - nimble, quick, the thinking person's mindless entertainment.
0.75 Rarely has a movie been so well served by its superficiality; Premium Rush proves how invigorating genre filmmaking can be in the hands of a savvy, perpetually inventive director.
0.65 Entertaining enough but some of its inherent silliness might guarantee its place as a cult hit that finds more fans once it hits cable.
0.75 Could have cast Bow Wow and Ray Liotta and delivered its package, generically and according to protocol. Thankfully, this snappy little action flick prefers to zig and zag.
0.875 I'm very weary of routine chase movies. There's nothing routine about "Premium Rush."
0.375 This is a documentary about Godmilow's attempts to make a documentary about the Solidarity movement -- and if that sounds tortuous, wait until you see the movie.
0.5 A mostly-mangled splicing of ideas and themes, one that never seems convinced of its own identity.
0.25 A vampire movie without enough sharp teeth.
0.5 Aiming for the same mix of the whimsical and the macabre long favoured by Tim Burton, Bench fails to achieve either quality with any consistency.
0.8 A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
1.0 Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
1.0 Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
1.0 Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
0.8 The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
0.9 The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
0.8 ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
1.0 It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
1.0 Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
1.0 The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
0.875 It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
0.8 Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
0.9 It's FANTASTIC!
1.0 A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
0.8 Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
0.4 Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
1.0 Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
1.0 like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
0.8 Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
1.0 Quite simply, it blew me away.
0.875 The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
1.0 Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
0.8 You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
1.0 You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
0.875 "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
0.9 The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
1.0 This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
1.0 El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
1.0 It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
1.0 A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
1.0 High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
1.0 What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
0.8 An epic work of accomplished skill and grace.
0.85 This is an exciting, mystical, romantic surprise of a film that really puts the 'art' in 'martial arts.'
0.8 It's pure Indiana Jones fun with an unexpected sense of consequence.
1.0 It's The Matrix spliced with David Lean
1.0 A ravishing fairy tale/epic, and the best movie of the year.
0.9 If you're in the mood for a beautifully photographed melodrama punctuated by dazzling martial arts sequences, then get ready for some big fun.
1.0 One of those wonders of imagination and craft that confirm your wildest dreams about the magic of movies.
1.0 A film of sublime beauty, poetic mystery and rousing spirit.
0.9 The screenplay delivers with several story lines intermingled, all evoking the full spectrum of human emotion.
0.9 A good story, attractive and likable stars, and great action do make this one of the season's best entertainment values.
0.9 A feast for the eyes and ears that rarely slows down.
1.0 The class act of action movies.
1.0 The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen.
0.9 Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking.
0.9 With its gift for showing things that can't be described, Crouching Tiger's blend of the magical, the mythical and the romantic fills a need in us we might not even realize we had.
0.9 Once we get a taste of that action, we want buckets of it.
0.6 As soon as the action stops, the actors start to slowly, painfully slowly, drone on with some of the most lifeless dialog of the year.
0.7 Awesome, awesome battles, beautifully shot and an okay story.
0.9 A magnificently-crafted hybrid of Chinese historical epic, F/X-enhanced martial arts spectacular, mystical romantic tragedy and live-action anime.
1.0 Packed with some of the best martial arts yet filmed.
1.0 Calling Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon a religious experience may be overstating the case a bit, but Ang Lee's rhapsodically romantic martial arts enthraller certainly redeems a slew of sins in this lackluster movie year.
1.0 You have never seen a movie like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon because there has never been a movie like it.
1.0 The film satisfies on both visceral and emotional levels.
1.0 Masterpiece.
0.75 Whenever Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon resorts to flying fists or soaring sword battles, the Force is definitely with it.
0.9 The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity.
0.875 The film never ceases to dazzle our eyes and arrest our attention.
0.9 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will make you fall in love with film all over again.
0.8 If you can't find something in this movie to set your heart aflutter, call the doctor.
0.9 Splashes across the big screen like no other martial arts movie you've ever seen.
0.9 A film that takes you on a bareback horse-ride waltz through beauty.
1.0 Success is destined for this movie because it has a mix of romance, fantasy, and action that will appeal to all audiences regardless of age, sex, or whether they watch many subtitled films.
1.0 Within age-old contrivances emerge deeply affecting characters. Poetry.
1.0 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon kicks all living ass.
1.0 Think back and try to recall the last time you saw a hero on the screen who stepped aside to serve others by making himself a zero.
0.8 Banish all thoughts of Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh as shoot 'em up action heroes.
0.5 It's an intriguing mish-mash, a meta-textual stew that Goldberg, unfortunately, paints with a big, thick brush and then underlines with fat charcoal pencils.
0.6 So many questions are raised from both sides of the celebrity fence that the film could only have been made by someone as on-the-edge of stardom as [Goldberg].
0.4 It's too busy trying to be clever that it forgets to give us anything that's actually interesting.
0.5 a pointless stew
0.375 What is so dreadful about unearned fame and undeserved riches that warrants this faux-Antonioni despair?
0.125 At last, Adam Goldberg has given us his 8 1/2. It's an ambitious rumination on fame, reality, love, loss and regret that falls so far short, he should have called it 2 1/8.
0.5 Working with a self-consciously urgent, neo-noir style, Goldberg seems intent on expressing a meaningful message of some kind. It's too bad, then, that he has chosen such a shallow subject.
0.4 Directed by the young actor Adam Goldberg, "I Love Your Work is an attempt to say something interesting about modern celebrity.
0.625 I Love Your Work gets the dissonance of the celebrity lifestyle to a T. But the self-reflexive strategy of Goldberg and co-writer Adrian Butchart is too brainy by half.
0.375 When Ricci's dreamgirl, finally fed up with Gray's insanity, chastises him with "You're obvious," it's a sentiment also applicable to the film itself.
0.6 An edgeless one man show by Ribisi that acts like being insane.
0.5 A crisp impressionistic look at stardom while pointing out the allure of being common. Very strong in direction, script and acting, but struggles to finish.
0.625 Goldberg takes his message really seriously, abandoning a satirical edge early on, as if he were the first person to ever discover that celebrity is hollow.
0.5 Maybe the point is to be bewildered. That would be fine had the film created any resonant power. Instead, we're merely bemused.
0.7 I Love Your Work has its rewards for those up to the challenge of tackling its nonlinear structure and brooding nature.
0.5 When Gray begins spying on a presumably normal couple (Joshua Jackson and Marisa Coughlan), the movie goes over the top. Perhaps that's the point. Who knows? Who cares?
0.5 When the film goes into its second half, the initial fascination has almost worn off.
0.5 I love your other work - this one I'm not so crazy about.
0.625 ...generally more of a showcase for several undeniably superb performances than anything else...
0.75 Quite a simple story but a heart-warming one.
0.9 Its only flaw is a mildy silly plot contrivance that allows the stunning finale, but other than that it's just about perfect.
0.6 Whatever the moral perspective, it keeps you gripped right to the end.
0.4 The set design, by future director Derek Jarman, is probably the most successful element of the film.
1.0 Twisted genius.
1.0 Quite frankly one of the greatest films ever made. Period. No qualifiers are necessary.
0.8 Splendidly lusty fare, its feet deep in the mud of the English countryside, its head in the lens-flared glare of a dreamy tragi-romantic sky.
0.8 Mostly this is a triumph ...
0.8 Everything in this extraordinary evocation of island life is seasonal; these folk, their affections and fortunes, shift with the winds and tides.
0.6 It's maybe not up there in the pantheon of British classics, but there's something highly relaxing and radical about the fact that Schlesinger articulates this classical story with breathy longeurs ...
1.0 Christie carries the film with her own insouciant vulnerability. A classic.
1.0 It has a kick that most other Hardy adaptations have conspicuously lacked.
1.0 Quality oozes from every pore, with John Schlesinger's direction complemented by Frederic Raphael's sharp script and a cast that includes Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Peter Finch and a dastardly Terence Stamp.
0.8 Helped by the shimmering photography of Nicolas Roeg and hindered by a straitjacket of a script by Frederic Raphael, this laudable, lengthy adaptation of Thomas Hardy's classic novel might have benefited from a less respectful treatment.
0.6 The length gives room for Nicholas Roeg's outstanding cinematography, which delivers an authentically rustic English epic.
1.0 A perfect example of a film that captures the spirit of the source-material, whilst boldly exploiting and exploring the potential of the cinematic medium.
1.0 One of the most entrancing and elemental landscape films ever shot in these isles.
0.625 This is a predictable story that Schlesinger struggles to keep fresh and moving.
0.4 A stunning-looking Julie Christie running about Thomas Hardy's countryside is the major excuse for John Schlesinger's under-dramatized picture postcard.
0.75 Alan Bates, in a change of pace, is the loyal shepherd. Terence Stamp is a suitably vile Sgt. Troy, and Peter Finch makes Boldwood strong and honorable in his love for Bathsheba.
0.4 Rent the first one again.
0.375 It is not easy to get a movie made, and even harder to make one for young audiences. If you're going to the effort, why not make a smart one?
0.5 The action throughout Running Scared is involving and fast-paced enough that you don't notice the number of cliches being invoked in this film.
0.75 A well-acted piece that should appeal to anyone who enjoys the films of Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez.
0.75 An example of a film I recommend just because it tickled my undercarriage.
0.6 A montagem eficiente, com transicoes intrigantes, confere ritmo ao filme, que tambem se beneficia com a atuacao surpreendentemente intensa de Walker. Pena que o roteiro seja tao implausivel e o final, tao absurdamente ridiculo.
0.6 Stylish, rollicking post-Tarantino trash which does the business at such a pace you barely notice its preposterousness.
0.5 Ultimately, it is a serviceable, well-made thriller that earns its R rating.
0.0 This is a vile, violent film with no raison d'etre.
0.4 No one in their right minds could call this a good film, but it's certainly unique.
0.7 If you love over-stylized gunshots and action sequences, Running Scared is likely to be one big ol' kinetic romp of bloody fun that'll have you pulling out the Kleenex and appreciating all over the place.
0.2 We haven't even mentioned the hockey puck torture scene, or the relentless ricochetting camerawork, or the multiple last minute switcheroos -- it's got more endings than Lord Of The Rings.
0.4 If you've ever wanted to see Paul Walker get repeatedly smashed in the teeth with a hockey puck then this is the movie for you.
0.2 The film's moral compass swings wildly out of control, blanketed in all manner of hyper-violent digital gore effects and a thick, black nausea of the soul. It's not even fun watching the monsters get their just deserts; it's just depressing.
0.6 Where Running Scared is concerned I'm a victim who has decided, maybe unwisely, not to press charges.
0.5 Trying for a Tarantino-like riff on ultra-violence and over-the-top police corruption ... 'Running Scared' is a film noir on steroids.
0.375 The movie doesn't so much wallow in the abhorrent side of humanity as it showers, bathes, and dresses in it before heading off to work at MTV.
0.0 Run away ... Just when you think Hollywood can't get any worse in an era of Bad Boys and Scream, it constantly surprises you with even more putrid product.
0.4 Clumsily overwritten, straining badly to be a complex thriller but only generating small moments of believability.
0.8 Wildly stylized and endlessly inventive, Running Scared doesn't go over the top -- it blows the top off and proceeds to dance in the rubble.
0.375 If Running Scared is supposed to be a satire, it's not funny enough to work. If it's meant to be taken seriously, then it's the most unintentionally funny movie of the past ten years.
0.8 Not since 'Very Bad Things' have I had this much fun with this kind of movie
0.5 Running Scared is filled with plenty of blood-splattering violence, profanity, sexual perversions, and whatever other deviant behavior you can think of. What it doesn't have is any cohesiveness or finesse.
0.7 Running Scared doesn't always work. All the same, it keeps up a nice pacing and throws in enough clever twists to keep the story interesting.
0.875 The action movie is the cheese sandwich of film genres, but efforts like 'Running Scared' remind us all too rarely that they don't have to be Kraft Singles on Wonder Bread.
0.75 Hello, cheesy fun! [It's] a roller coaster of a thrill ride.
0.6 This film is so over the top at times that it takes one's breath away.
0.3 Running Scared keeps ratcheting up the intensity, but to what end?
0.5 Ethnic stereotyping, moral qualms and plot improbabilities aside, you just wish a movie like Running Scared wasn't so anxious to be exciting all the time: It gets so monotonous.
0.4 The only things more abundant than gunshot-riddled corpses are the ridiculous plot twists and the laughably bad lines of dialog...it's likely to be the most fun at a bad movie you'll have for a while.
0.25 There's clearly supposed to be tension between Joey's good and bad sides. Sure, he's a mobster, but he's also a family man, which makes him... gray. (Not black and white = very sophisticated.)
0.4 [Director Wayne] Kramer, who showed such promise as a filmmaker with The Cooler, takes a couple of giant steps backward with Running Scared.
0.375 In the opening minutes of Running Scared, a drug deal goes bad and takes the entire movie with it.
0.75 It's way too violent and perversely excessive for many tastes, but there's more to its outrages than meets the eye, and that second look is well worth taking.
0.25 There is a child at the center of this ultraviolent story, and the devices used to keep us on tenterhooks regarding his survival are appallingly manipulative.
1.0 Running Scared is for people who like movies, who don't need to have a movie mean something in order to enjoy it and who can delight at the sheer craft of a story designed only to shock, amuse and hold an audience.
0.625 For a moment, it appears as if Running Scared has developed into a different, better movie. But subsequent gratuitously violent scenes hint at a determination by Kramer to keep his film at low-grade exploitation level.
0.5 It's hard to believe that this mess was made by the same man who made The Cooler.
0.6 It's borderline irresponsible, a virtual horror movie of a gangster thriller.
0.375 Kramer seems to be aping Quentin Tarantino's brilliant tangents in Pulp Fiction, but he doesn't have Tarantino's imagination or gift for dialogue.
0.375 This overlong fantasy of urban violence is so far over the top -- you might as well be watching a computer monitor while somebody else has a high time playing the video game Grand Theft Auto.
0.75 Running Scared is a vicious and brutal B-movie jacked up to hysterical, hallucinatory proportions -- a pulpy, violent action picture that torments the viewer as much as its characters, and I mean that as a compliment.
0.0 With a herky-jerky visual style and a plot riddled with bullet holes, Running Scared is a brutal, misanthropic and downright nasty excuse for bang-bang entertainment.
0.3 As the movie becomes more howlingly ludicrous by the second, it's tempting -- and not in a cynical way, either -- to start reading it as a parody of pornographic video game violence.
0.0 Kramer's grating bombast exists only to call attention to itself as well as the complete absence of any moral implications or recognizable human behavior in the film.
0.7 The script is so stupid that at times you'll want to roll your eyes in the dark; you won't, though, because you might miss some of the action.
0.375 But even beyond its sleazy pandering and sensationalism, the film's worst transgression is its exploitation of young children.
0.0 ...an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment.
0.25 You could laugh off the film's more over-the-top aspects -- including the performances and its quasi-Quentin Tarantino dialogue -- if it didn't treat women and children with such brutality and contempt.
0.25 Running Scared is about as hard an "R" rating as you can get, with buckets of blood, full- frontal nudity and swearing that would peel gum from the sidewalk.
0.625 Running Scared will be reviled by those who deplore violence and adored by those who like their movies brutally edgy.
0.0 Running Scared will probably play best in prisons, where lowlifes, applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood, will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level.
0.25 A depressing piece of gun-crazy Hollywood scuzz that, with its gassy style and runaway immorality, makes a Tony Scott movie look like a Robert Bresson picture.
0.375 Too bloated with its own seriousness to achieve the 'so sick, it's funny' vibe of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.
0.55 Includes scenes that are laughable [gunfight in a 10x10 room] and one that features Vera Farmiga that will go down in history as a classic/fan favorite.
0.75 For a picture so fetishistically obsessed with death, Running Scared is vibrantly alive.
0.5 Impossible to adequately summarize, alienating at every tonal turn, off the rails with every storytelling and aesthetic choice, Running Scared is ambitious to a fault.
0.7 Running Scared is an overly ambitious guilty pleasure with enough action and violence to keep you interested, it just doesn't have much else.
0.375 This is a movie with yards and yards of plot, but none of it that makes much sense nor that you'll think about afterwards. Instead what you'll remember is the blood.
0.88 Running Scared doesn't go over the top - it refuses to even acknowledge that there is a top.. it's like if Tarantino directed The Warriors
0.375 Tthe gimmicks can't hold up a weak, implausible plot that substitutes violence and gore for a smart story and believable characters.
0.7 I see Running Scared as a slick, sick, and sly satire of all the action flick conventions, but maybe I'm just nuts.
0.625 I can't believe I am saying this, but Paul Walker doesn't stink in Running Scared. In fact, Running Scared is a decent guys night out movie.
0.0 A vile disaster.
0.625 Kramer stokes kinetic energy and hard-R intensity...may amount to no more than a punch to the gut, but...it's all in bad fun.
0.5 Could have been a good exploitation flick if it didn't get carried away with piling on the plot twists.
0.6 genuinely clunky
0.375 A potential howler done in by a tendency to wear too much body tissue on its sleeve.
0.5 In the gleefully violent Running Scared, the writer and director Wayne Kramer tries to go over the rainbow and put a self-consciously bloody spin on once upon a time.
0.75 With a complex plot that unspools with surprising clarity, Running Scared displays a reckless intensity.
0.75 Running Scared goes so far over the top, it circumnavigates the top and doubles back on itself; it's the Mobius Strip of over-the-topness. I am in awe.
0.75 If Running Scared sometimes looks like a storyboard sprung violently to life, Kramer's assured direction turns that into its greatest strength in the clinches, of which there are plenty.
0.5 It's like a gruesome merry-go-round filled with unpleasant characters and bad acting.
0.75 Luciano Pavarotti's eyebrows during the Olympic opening ceremonies were disturbing. Multiply that by about 1,000, and you have the creep-out factor in the gory Running Scared.
0.5 If it's possible to admire his movie's heedless energy, it's also possible to hate its guts.
0.25 This is the kind of movie where character development consists of a guy mentioning in passing he has a meth lab in his back yard.
0.5 If Running Scared were set in Hell (the actual place, rather than a figure of speech), perhaps it would have been easier to swallow.
0.75 A spinning-plates movie that only makes a shattered-glass mess in its finale with one twist for each character left standing. Otherwise, this empty-calorie eye-candy cartoon is an ultraviolent, boot-on-throat thiller with style and humor.
0.25 The aesthetically derivative Kramer takes a misguided turn into Tony Scott territory with his latest.
0.625 A kinetic guilty pleasure.
0.4 While it would be too much to ask for a movie about Holocaust survivors to actually be happy, Krabbe is way too heavyhanded in trying for a tragic atmosphere
0.875 Horn dives into one of the most complex character's I've seen created for a child and shakes loose.
0.9 Eric Roth's nimble screenplay and composer Alexandre Desplat's delicate score also help solidify "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" as one of the best movies movies of 2011
0.4 Oskar expounds to excess, a problem that becomes worse as time drags on and is particularly excruciating during the one-way verbal dialogues with Von Sydow
0.2 An irritating 130-minute dripathon.
0.3 This adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's 9/11 novel is long, shallow and unconcealed in its efforts to make you cry.
0.25 Probably one of the most exploitative and heavy handed films concerning 9/11 I've ever seen.
0.8 It is the best of the 9 films nominated for the Best Picture Oscar.
0.87 ...there's nothing very special about Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, other than the remarkable Max von Sydow and a preternaturally alert performance by young Thomas Horn
0.5 ...threatens to make the momentous trite.
0.75 The mysteries aren't that mysterious and some may have a hard time embracing its abrasive hero.
0.5 When it was finally over, I found myself not just disappointed, but a little annoyed. Frankly, it seems more than a little like a cheat.
0.4 Es uno de esos raros ejemplos en que el original literario es visualmente mucho mas rico que su version cinematografica. Lo mejor es su protagonista, el increible Thomas Horn.
0.7 Despite indulgences it works well because there is a really nice message that lies at the heart of the film. When our energies are all directed towards good, amazing things can happen.
0.6 I knew after I came out of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close that I had been manipulated, but I didn't feel it mattered because the film told a story about a grieving family which had weight.
0.8 I can see why some might find the film sickly or overly sentimental, even a little forced, but it worked well enough on me to have me wiping away a few tears.
0.4 Its louder is better approach is just too much. The tantrums, the tears, the bloody tambourine the main character shakes at every given moment. It all culminates into a dizzying mesh of over the top sentiment.
0.6 Veering from Amelie-esque whimsy to The Hours-like maudlin.
0.8 It's the metaphor which is important here. The dawning realisation that searching for something might be more important than what you do or do not discover.
0.6 Thomas Horn ... carrying a myriad emotions on very young and capable shoulders, regardless of obvious irritable character traits.
0.2 The situation is wrenching in too many ways at once. You sit there, first cringing, then fighting back, out of primitive self-respect.
0.4 Just rather dull and a little bit long.
0.6 It is a heartfelt, heartwarmer of a film that lacks the pain and profundity that the subject matter really deserves.
0.2 So slow and self-important that its Academy Award Best Picture nomination only proves that the shortlist is too long...
0.6 Fascinating despite itself. Which every way you fall, this will provoke a strong reaction.
0.2 [An] intensely self-conscious movie that contrives to make the human cost and human meaning of 9/11 distant and faint.
0.2 You rather end up wishing Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close would just pipe down and back off.
0.8 For anyone who understands the unfairness of grief it's a rare chance to let your guard down and go with an emotional flow...
0.6 A mixed bag of intelligent tragedy and poor choices, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close has the ability to tug at the heart strings - it just gets them a bit tangled.
0.6 Although running the risk of slipping into mawkish melodrama by the end, this still has the power to move.
0.4 Shamelessly manipulative, prone to mawkish sentimentality and let down by an ending that fails to ring true and feels like a cop-out.
0.4 Less a film about communication, in the end, than one with its fingers in its ears.
0.4 It's challenging, divisive and has moments of beauty but leaves you cold.
0.875 s it a movie about loss? Definitely. Is it a movie about 9/11? Sort of. Will you reach a for a tissue while you watch "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?" Probably.
0.375 continues Daldry's trajectory of increasingly indigestible pretension, although he exchanges earnest morbidity for a mixture of cloying sentimentality and offbeat humor
0.5 It might not be quite as insulting a Best Picture nominee as The Blind Side, but it's incredibly close.
0.6 An important and touching reminder that so many are still dealing with their loss.
0.25 Extremely tacky and incredibly unimaginative!
0.375 As directed by Stephen Daldry, this adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's novel hauls out memories and images from 9/11 in an attempt to create fake sentiment and to accentuate its own sense of self-importance. Quite frankly, I found that offensive.
0.4 Too emotionally bullying and manipulative to feel like anything other than an endurance test.
0.5 Extremely long (or so it seemed) and incredibly bland.
0.375 ...Oskar remains hopelessly unsympathetic virtually from start to finish.
0.625 It is at times extremely touching and incredibly moving. Unfortunately, at other times, it also is fairly flawed and slightly disappointing.
0.5 From its wordy title to the impressive vocabulary and compulsive list-making of its possibly autistic young narrator hero, this is a motion picture that never liberates itself from the printed page.
0.6 Moving, if heavy-handed, it's an emotional walkabout with real heart.
0.5 The Guys, 25th Hour and United 93 paid tribute to the heroes of that fateful day; this picture mainly pays tribute to its ability to pat itself on the back.
0.125 When people jumped from the burning towers of the World Trade Center, no pretty piano music accompanied their fall.
0.375 Horn's nonstop barrage of words fits the character, but he's supposed to be filled with terror and anxiety and it just comes across as overly confident. Some of the most crucial emotional scenes suffer.
0.9 Perhaps just being about 9/11 is this movie's greatest sin, as it is as well-made and well-acted as any film you'll see this year.
1.05 ...the cure for Oskar's severe case of shell-shock, in Eric Roth's adaptation of the novel by Jonathan Safran Foer, seems artificial and contrived to me.
0.5 Except as a tool for pediatric grief counseling, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close amounts to a fetishization of its own trappings (the boy, NYC, 9/11) more interested in Oscar than Oskar.
0.625 More irritating than touching, healing or any of the positive things one would guess such a story and cast would produce.
0.5 Somewhere in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close there probably is a great movie. It just didn't get made.
0.875 If you care to join him on that adventure, you'll likely find it incredibly affecting, a multi-hankie story, expertly made. If you don't? You'll resist the film's manipulations (and don't all films manipulate?), perhaps quite vocally.
0.5 Yes, Daldry extracts a few tears in the process, but the increasing number of precious touches leaves you feeling pandered to and clumsily manipulated.
0.8 Thomas Horn makes the film! The emotion he manages to evoke in a single scene is brilliant. He captivated me and had me living with him through the emotions.
0.6 As a portrait of what happens to a family when its glue disappears, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close wrung a bucket of tears out of me.
0.875 If imagining a city where people open their doors (or don't) to a boy with a key and a ton of questions is sentimental ... then it is vitally, beautifully so.
0.25 Stephen Daldry's extremely labored and incredibly crass adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's novel.
1.0 One of the most emotional movies you will ever see in your life.
0.75 "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" is grim, but also uplifting as it defines how finally coming to grips with the inexplicable can be cathartic and how, though the person is gone, the memories always live on.
1.0 The first great film of 2012!
0.25 Extremely Loud and Ridiculous
0.2 I kept waiting for the disembodied voice of Paul Harvey to emerge on the soundtrack to announce "And that little boy. . .that nobody liked. . .grew up. . .to become. . .Wes Anderson. . ."
0.625 Some will find this 9/11-themed family drama powerful and imaginative; others, cloying and infuriating. The reality lies somewhere in the middle.
0.5 The difficulty is mainly with the story, which despite all the emotion hovering around it, remains thin and uninvolving.
0.75 It's a genuinely moving and often lovely piece of work - beautifully acted and, ultimately, earning its tears.
0.625 This is a story invented to exist in a book, and you can feel it resisting the jump to screen.
0.75 The movie forgoes Foer's ambitious tweeness and presents Oskar's outbursts and moodiness - that precociousness - as a disorder.
0.75 Not for moviegoers who hold that heartstring-plucking is a betrayal of the contract between director and audience.
0.625 Innocent Oskar and his isn't-life-wondrous adventures left me disappointed, depressed and somewhat irritated.
0.625 Terribly uneven, moving in places but very frustrating in others.
0.625 Whenever the film totters toward sentimentality, young Horn snatches it back.
0.875 It's extremely moving and incredibly compassionate.
0.625 The youth's pain is palpable, and the film will stir viewers still wounded by that day and those who have suffered loss in general.
0.5 "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" is supposed to promote healing, but as they say in New York: close, but no cigar.
0.9 This movie hasn't been in the conversation of the best films of the year, but it deserves to be. It's a viscerally enthralling story about a singular boy trying to find his place in the world when his only anchor is ripped away.
0.7 The only Stephen Daldry film I've seen that I don't expect to feel the need to revisit.
0.375 Tom Hanks, Sandra Bullock ... Max von Sydow, Zoe Caldwell, Viola Davis, Jeffrey Wright, John Goodman... thanks for your honest efforts in the service of a fundamentally dishonest weepie.
0.625 No movie has ever been able to provide a catharsis for the Holocaust, and I suspect none will ever be able to provide one for 9/11.
0.3 It's all extraordinarily sentimental and manipulative, weighed down by Horn's mannered, grating performance and incessant voiceover narration.
0.25 You need lots of gifted people chasing after the same bad idea to make a movie as colossally misguided as this one.
0.7 Luckily, Horn is so good -- as is Max von Sydow, in a wordless role -- that the film resonates in spite of the tear-jerking strings Daldry pulls.
0.25 Too soon? For Stephen Daldry's 9/11 drama, the right time is "never."
0.5 ...an uncomfortable combination of movie precociousness and real-world catastrophe.
0.8 Cue the Oscar nominations.
0.625 With one exception, the quest is lumbering at best, and precious the rest of the time.
0.75 Horn delivers a star turn as Oskar, a child trying to make sense of a tragedy that still baffles us all.
0.8 Extraordinary and life-affirming, it packs a wrenching emotional wallop.
0.6 Drama about child's 9/11 loss stirs up sadness.
0.75 It's not a masterpiece, mind you, and I'm not calling for any new Oscar nominations here, but it's worth seeing and might brighten up a wintry afternoon a bit.
0.625 Solidly crafted, impeccably acted and self-important in the way that Oscar loves, 'Extremely Loud' is also incredibly close to exploitation.
1.05 ...this drama, under the skillful direction of Stephen Daldry, aims to do more than merely arouse our latent emotions.
0.6 Despite flaws, there's something sweet and emotionally connective underneath the layers artificial posturing.
0.6 It's a unique journey that's equal parts sympathy card and celebration of human resilience.
0.45 Never has the tragedy of 9/11 been made so shrinky-dinked.
0.5 The movie makes no argument for existing.
0.7 A film filled with both sentiment and substance.
0.25 Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close approaches what I would call "9/11 porn" in the way it exploits tragedy to milk emotion.
0.875 The movie successfully reflects turmoil, looking at the world from the specific standpoint of a child who's ill-equipped to comprehend it, trying to survive as best he can.
0.5 Why, oh why, besides the pursuit of Academy Awards, must this sort of thing be released on Christmas Day? Who wants a gift-wrapped box full of sadness?
0.5 Slightly Sappy & Annoyingly Whimsical, a movie which confronts the unspeakable and emerges merely unreal.
0.25 It's Oscar-mongering of the most blunt and reprehensible sort.
0.25 Stephen Daldry abandons every lick of restraint in his efforts to play the audience like a syrup-greased harp.
0.625 Stalwart and precious, independent-minded yet pat. The star is Thomas Horn, a first-time performer as expressive and truthful as today's best and longest-working actors.
0.625 While flawed and sometimes overwrought, Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close's tale of the effect of 9/11 on a sensitive boy is worth seeing, particularly for its lead performance.
0.4 While aiming to explore the riddle of grief, this particular story fails by listening to strange angels.
0.3 Hollywood loves tragedy, especially if they can exploit it, by leaving out the humanity and substituting star power and shtik.
0.9 A poignant and emotionally literate film about the wise stewardship of pain by a precocious teenager mourning the loss of his beloved father.
0.4 Yes, you may cry, but when tears are milked as they are here, the truer response should be rage.
0.875 An emotionally powerful cinematic testimony about that horrific late summer day.
0.8 A flawed and often unforgiving film, this end of the year entry for professional prestige hits all the right notes.
0.625 Maybe if it had manipulated me less, it would have moved me more.
0.6 Horn makes an appealing hero.
0.3 It more resembles a spindly kid running around and screaming for two hours before a hastily applied Hollywood ending shuts him up.
0.6 An earnest puddle of slop.
0.9 It's an emotional powerhouse of a film, an unforgettable and rewarding motion picture experience.
0.8 A very emotionally satisfying film, and something that manages to be life-affirming despite dealing with one of the more tragic events of our generation.
0.5 A cloying exercise in sentimentality, the film also winds up extremely annoying, even infuriating.
0.7 What makes Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close good is its sense of goodness.
0.5 Has some nice moments but overall is a failure in its exploration of the subject matter and it feels more exploitative than entertaining.
0.5 The movie creates a mood, builds some tension, then it totally fizzles out. The performances are inconsistent - they never reach the level of desperation you would expect.
0.4 Completely disposable ...
0.4 A film that fails to make the most of a good cast and a great premise.
0.4 A bland and baffling oddity ...
0.2 The stars play strangers on an odd road trip who are meant to be finding things out about each other: if you were put next to either of them on a plane, you would quickly regret your seating assignment.
0.2 a far-fetched story, told in a rather unappealing way.
0.4 Arthur Newman is overwhelmed with arty ambitions and a heavy-handed acting style. Ultimately, all the weight prevents the film from taking off and soaring.
0.5 Obviously the theme of "Arthur Newman" is the American dream of starting over, but Johnston's screenplay hits it so obviously that it loses its resonance.
0.7 A strange film about dysfunctional people directed with good pace by Dante Ariola in his feature film debut highlighted by fine performances by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt.
0.5 An offbeat, sometimes self-congratulatory road movie romance.
0.625 Firth and Blunt give life (and flawless American accents) to this restrained, and occasionally bland, road trip flick.
0.6 Often-somber drama has language, sex, drinking.
0.625 This is a decidedly minor effort, directed by Dante Ariola with a bland, generic eye, missing the pathos of interesting drama and the charm of quality romantic cinema.
0.25 One of those many indies that exist to give actors a chance to go slumming.
0.5 Well-acted but ultimately unmemorable ...
0.4 A slow, lethargic journey to nowhere, full of pseudo-profound dialogue and generic indie-drama plotting.
0.5 If anything, Arthur Newman is a reminder that some lonely people are lonely for a good reason.
0.7 Without a satisfying finale, Arthur Newman might come across as just an acting exercise. If so, it's still an impressive one.
0.4 The film equivalent of a dysfunctional computer sloppily assembled from discarded parts of other machines.
0.5 The promise it begins with doesn't pay off. And while "Arthur Newman" is not a complete disaster, it does leave you wishing the romance and the ride had been a whole lot smoother.
0.5 How can two performers as charming as Colin Firth and Emily Blunt make a movie with so little charm?
0.5 It's almost its own genre in indie films: Boring middle-aged man tired of his existence meets up with free-spirited but troubled younger woman. Romance and newfound meaning ensue.
0.5 Rent "Something Wild" instead. It tells a similar story with style, humor and pathos.
0.5 "He was kind of boring," Kevin says to Mina about his dad. "I mean, the lectures." And boring he remains.
0.75 OK, so hear me out. This movie is about Colin Firth having hot, dress-up sex with this drifter named Mike.
0.5 The script of "Arthur Newman," written two decades ago by Becky Johnston, cries out for deadpan anonymity, not the charismatic likes of these two.
0.5 Has two excellent actors on board and not a singular character who feels real as written.
0.625 Throughout Dante Ariola's film, the expressions of the false-identity theme are multitudinous, and about as subtle as Wallace's choice for a new last name.
0.5 The resolution for both characters, in a finale that turns disappointingly conventional, is so sad that it left me depressed beyond hope.
0.75 A wistful, well-acted run-away-to-find-yourself dramedy
0.6 You'll soon wish the film were about someone a bit more exciting ...
0.6 Road movie about two unhappy people who take on new identities only to find they still have to face their problems.
0.5 The generic feel that's been hard-wired into virtually everything that transpires within Arthur Newman grows more and more disheartening as time progresses...
0.2 Ariola is trying maintain a tricky balance: we have to know Arthur's green-grey world to understand what he's trying to escape from. But unfortunately the man is the movie and movie is wearisome.
0.4 Hate to make the obvious snark, but sometimes "More" is less.
0.2 Another sequel that never should have been committed to celluloid.
0.2 Only Madsen walks away from Break with his reputation unscathed, and this is if only because he's already something of a B-movie kingpin.
0.4 Break contains all the elements you'd expect from a hard-boiled Quentin Tarantino knockoff: the complicated hit men, the fetishes, the blood baths, not to mention the presence of Michael Madsen and David Carradine.
0.5 It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
0.6 Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
0.625 Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
0.8 Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
0.875 It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
0.75 A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
0.4 For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
0.5 Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
1.0 Unforgettable 1978 love triangle drama includes violence.
1.0 Simply one of the most ravishing films ever made, luminous in a way that no other movie has been.
1.0 A rich and rewarding experience, then as now celebrated for its intricacy and slowness.
1.0 A second chance for Malick to cast away the chemical stained print and achieve the film he envisioned, and a second chance for audiences to experience a true classic on the big screen.
1.0 Visually and thematically, it's still one of the most beautiful films ever made.
1.0 Wholly divine.
1.0 A film about awareness, standing still and being cognizant of the things around you.
0.75 You can feel Terrence Malick drifting away in this follow-up to his acclaimed debut.
0.9 It has a visual syntax so eloquent -- its fields of gold cause its quiet characters to stand out like mythic figures -- it would play powerfully as a silent film.
1.0 This is the towering, unconventional power of a true artist.
0.8 A feast for the eyes and ears.
1.0 The sound alone is astonishing. Morricone's haunting, wistful score adds measurably to the sweep and timelessness of the film.
1.0 To hell with equivocation or beating around the bush: Terrence Malick's 1978 Days of Heaven is the greatest film ever made.
1.0 Perhaps the most typical example of a '70s American art film -- daring, romantic, rebellious but also filled with longing for the beauty of the past.
0.6 One of those grand ol' classics you just have to see
0.6 A so so film with gorgeous photography!
0.8 Early Gere film with fabulous cinematography.
0.9 Every shot is suitable for framing.
0.9 Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven is a landmark film in that it is one of the few movies ever made that has no discernable weaknesses.
0.625 One thing that certainly can be said about Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven: it's not sentimental or manipulative. Unfortunately, it's also not particularly involving.
1.0 This is a movie made by a man who knew how something felt, and found a way to evoke it in us.
0.8 Aaron Sorkin has written an acute, hilarious, and informative screenplay which is rich with character, and is perfect fodder for director Mike Nichols, who has a knack for meshing comedy and drama.
0.625 The international intrigue becomes strained satire -- what's needed is the comic touch of a Billy Wilder.
0.5 Charlie Wilson's War features two characters who know how government is supposed to work. They also know it doesn't work as it is supposed to, so they have to subvert the system and go beyond it.
0.875 Charlie Wilson's War is both funny and entertaining. In fact, as far as making political points, you kind of have to look for them.
0.4 At a short 93 minutes, it feels as though Charlie Wilson's War was hacked up in the editing room, leaving the bare bones of the structure but little of the really juicy meat.
0.8 All of the actors clearly relish the film's fast and busy pace, smart dialog and vivid characterisations.
0.6 Hanks does a great job, brimming with the sort of charisma and charm that the real Charlie Wilson presumably had in spades.
0.5 ...succumbs to an overly and relentlessly talky vibe that prevents the viewer from connecting to the film's story or characters.
0.625 The movie never addresses the pressing questions raised in Crile's nonfiction page-turner. It also never encourages the viewer to consider that a solitary congressman appropriated more than $40 million of taxpayer money for his cause.
0.9 Charlie Wilson's War" is intelligence to be savored appreciatively.
0.4 [A]nyone who's seen, say, Michael Winterbottom's Welcome to Sarajevo or even one of those late-night "Save the Children" TV spots has seen much more gut-punching stuff.
0.9 The dialogue zings and pops whether you are trying to keep up with Hanks and Hoffman as they exchange one-liners or trying to fully understand the foreign affairs...
0.8 Suficientemente interessante para figurar entre os diversos trabalhos que fizeram de 2007 um ano tao forte para o Cinema norte-americano.
0.8 Two vaguely amoral do-gooders do their part to fight Commies in a secret hot war during a cold one%u2026you know, the one that installed the Taliban in Afghanistan and turned it into a place armed to the teeth and crazy pissed at us. Then Sorkin and Nich
0.875 Smart, sophisticated and stylish, "Charlie Wilson's War" is a victory for thinking adults.
0.6 Una inteligente satira politica, que se queda corta como critica a la intervencion de EEUU en Medio Oriente pero funciona muy bien como comedia. Tom Hanks y Philip Seymour Hoffman estan formidables.
0.7 Genuinely witty and entertaining .
1.0 The Russians are going, the Russians are going
0.4 It all adds up to something very unsatisfying, and less than honest.
0.8 Philip Seymour Hoffman provides a wonderful comic foil as the straight-talking CIA operative who helps Wilson in his covert dealings with the Afghan rebels.
0.6 The surreal comedy is that every tense twist of this secret war is horribly true.
0.6 The film itself may be uneven, but it's worth catching for Hoffman alone who gets to deliver some of the funniest lines to grace a movie in years.
0.6 Less than the sum of its A-list parts, Nichols' grown-up satire only catches fire when Hoffman's steamed up.
0.5 The performances are likeable and entertaining, while Nichols pumps the whole proceedings with a satisfyingly fluid, dramatic energy.
0.6 Slick, sharp and a little sentimental.
0.8 Extremely enjoyable. Although it's a little tonally unsure, whenever Hanks and Hoffman are on screen, any misgivings are forgiven.
0.46 Charlie Wilson's War manages to be at once utterly irresponsible and mildly entertaining.
0.8 War has rarely been this much fun, but director Mike Nichols is careful to offset the mischief with a poignant reminder of the days that lay ahead.
0.8 Consider it West Wing Lite, with some of Hollywood's finest at the helm.
0.6 Adult comedy takes an incisive look at politics.
0.75 A great starting five of film artists %u2014 director Mike Nichols, writer Adam Sorkin and actors Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts and Phillip Seymour Hoffman %u2014 have put their distinctive spin on the story
0.7 It's too easy a movie not to like it, as a diversion rather than a serious work of art, perhaps.
0.625 Without Philip Seymour Hoffman's Gust, this would be a mildly amusing 2-star dramedy. His deadpan punchlines elevate it beyond well-intentioned shlock
0.67 Nichols and Sorkin take the easy way out, promoting the personal tale of the roguish Wilson, rather than establishing a real socio-political context within which something insightful might have emerged
0.8 a slick, smart, and subversive look at where America went wrong with its geo-political thinking
0.75 as good as this movie is, I get the sense that Charlie Wilson himself has some better stories to tell.
0.875 What a treat! Charlie Wilson's War is the perfect Christmas present for thinking moviegoers.
0.75 You won't likely be blown away by the film, and it's not as hard-hitting as it probably ought to be. Still, it's a solid picture with enough good elements to sell it.
0.9 It's a marvel of snappy dialogue and precision timing.
0.875 You may find better films that deal with the precursors of our present blowback in the Middle East, but you won't find many more entertaining.
0.75 Alas, for all the down-and-dirty of covert ops and back-channel diplomacy depicted in Charlie Wilson's War, the movie feels a little too scrubbed, too sanitized.
0.6 ... while movies can and do mark history, to a degree, they're also entertainment, and "Charlie Wilson's War" largely succeeds on that front.
1.0 Don't miss this one.
0.8 ...sharp, smart and funny...
0.875 Have you ever hear of Congressman Charlie Wilson who served Texas' 2nd District from 1973 to 1996? Neither had I, despite the fact that he was virtually single-handedly responsible for toppling the Soviet Union.
0.9 One of the year's very best films.
0.8 You'll want to stand up and cheer for Charlie Wilson, a smart and absolutely irresistable true tale about a guy who dared to make a difference.
0.8 It's a smart political comedy that tackles a solemn situation, but doesn't forget that it's meant to entertain as well.
0.75 As a commentary on current events, it's unconvincing; but as a rollicking '"Dallas" set in Washington,' it's excellent.
0.5 Something doesn't smell right with Charlie Wilson's War. I'm not particularly concerned with the specific facts it has left out of its telling. But what has been left in feels compromised and dodgy.
0.75 It is briskly paced, nimbly acted and crisply directed by Mike Nichols.
0.6 For a satire to bite, someone has to draw blood.
0.75 Though pitched as comedy with absurdist flourishes, you can't help thinking that Charlie Wilson's War accurately captures the less-than-kosher methods by which laws are passed and money dispersed in our nation's capital.
0.75 It is so much fun watching these actors enjoy bouncing off each other, it's almost too easy to forget the importance of the story being told.
0.75 If the story feels incomplete and a tad abrupt, it may be because only time will tell us how it ends.
0.75 The film moves along smartly despite being stuffed to bursting with details of arms deals, diplomatic ploys and political maneuvering.
0.75 If Charlie doesn't feel quite real, Hanks at least makes him good company.
0.75 A feel-good comedy about a covert US effort to fund resistance to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan? What will Hollywood think of next?
0.75 It's one of the better flicks of the Christmas movie season.
0.625 The political messages come in fits and starts, but the film's bittersweet final section hints at the far-reaching impact of Wilson's efforts, both positive and negative.
0.875 The movie's energizing strength is intelligence. It is so entertainingly adult.
0.75 Though not great, Charlie Wilson's War is definitely worthwhile and entertaining, and clocking in at a modest 98 minutes, it doesn't overstay its welcome.
0.875 The season's oddest and perhaps most effective war movie.
0.625 It's not a great film, but it's so swift (barely 90 minutes) and fun that you barely notice.
0.75 Tom Hanks delivers another of his patented good-guy roles.
0.75 It's a smart, hugely entertaining romp through the back channels of power that celebrates the power of the determined individual to alter the course of human events. But the implications and consequences of Wilson's crusade are... troubling.
0.75 While not deeply insightful, Charlie Wilson's War is an eye-opening and sassy tale of political will making for unlikely bedfellows.
0.875 Highly entertaining -- and mildly uncomfortable.
0.75 Rather than another of the solemn examinations of American foreign policy Charlie Wilson's War is a quip-filled, high-spirited comedy.
0.75 A Bizarro-world Frank Capra picture...Though the story deserves more weight...still a pleasing, unusually smart, consistently witty mass entertainment.
0.75 Nichols fills the edges of the screen with unforced humor.
0.5 Contrary to what Sorkin and Nichols seem to think, the problem is not that topicality and entertainment don't mix. It's that audacity and self-congratulation don't.
0.4 This is a visually and emotionally soft affair, and the material calls for something with far sharper edges.
0.8 It's quite a yarn, and the filmmakers relate it with clarity and verve.
0.7 Director Mike Nichols, working from Sorkin's terrifically written screenplay and with a cast that's obviously game and eager to please, pulls it all together and makes it work in an utterly convincing and crowd-pleasing fashion
0.875 A smart, funny, sophisticated story for grown-ups that steers clear of Iraq-fatigue and instead buries its sardonic message beneath bourbon and bimbos.
0.75 Out of the rash of socio-political movies this season, this stands as the best; thanks in large part to the film's trio of stars and the snarky script from Aaron Sorkin.
0.8 Imagine getting a fascinating, if unsettling history lesson while watching a Judd Apatow comedy like 'Knocked Up,' and that's how 'Charlie Wilson's War' unfolds.
0.87 is is a charming, slight film - a nice little movie. And that's great. But somehow I think the filmmakers were hoping for something more.
0.8 Witty, wacky, and wildly inappropriate for our Puritan PC times, this story...breezes of effortless engagement, filled with performances so potent they act like double shots of soothing Southern Comfort.
0.75 Charlie Wilson's War takes a kernel of truth and roasts it into a popcorn movie. There's terrific fun to be had, and much wry comedy too.
0.75 Charlie Wilson's War tells its tale briskly, almost merrily. This is not a sober history lesson, but a political comedy laced with sex (party girls in limos, strippers in hot tubs), booze, and even good old-fashioned cocaine.
1.0 If we learned anything from The Da Vinci Code, it is how you should never under estimate Tom Hanks with a goofy hair cut.
0.8 An often-hilarious political satire that tells a story so bizarre and unlikely that it comes as no surprise to discover that most of it is indeed true
0.75 Under Mike Nichols's direction Hanks, Roberts and Hoffman have a great time with Sorkin's dialogue, even if these aren't the sorts of parts that win Oscars.
0.4 Charlie Wilson's War is an anachronism, the wrong movie at the wrong time. Not only does it tell its tale in a style that feels dated and artificial, the story itself focuses on events that history has overtaken.
0.75 Offers some pretty good political insight for a 97-minute comedy
0.6 Sounds like a spy movie but it's handled as a comedy, and while the whole thing is droll (there's more than a few funny exchanges in the film), it also feels weightless.
0.875 The weight of current events in Iraq and Afghanistan push at the back of your mind as you watch the film.
0.75 A lean and tight insider's look at the absurdity, deceit, and artifice of politics.
0.5 Only Hoffman manages to make a silk purse out of this sow's ear... by blustering through his line readings with a raw energy the rest of the film sorely lacks.
0.6 Like grafting the conflict-free pizzazz of Ocean's Thirteen onto Lions for Lambs.
0.625 [It's]a satire of the second Cold War and clueless American politics, while also celebrating the comparatively loose morals and naivete of the greed decade.
0.75 A mostly amusing film that features smart performances and even-smarter dialogue.
0.6 entertaining, and that's about the extent of it.
0.25 Nichols's cut, gutted version (of Aaron Sorkin's script) offers a few cheery, breezy moments of rat-a-tat comedy, but Charlie Wilson's War stops being funny when you realize we're living in the sequel.
0.25 A forgettable and too-glossy piffle posing ridiculously as Oscar bait, Charlie Wilson's War tells a true story that warrants more respect than this lifeless, frivolous drudge of a final product.
0.7 A scene-stealing performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman.
0.7 It actually cares about entertaining its audience, about giving them something to laugh at and have fun with before hitting them over the head with how bad things are.
0.875 Director Mike Nichols and writer Aaron Sorkin tell the story nimbly and intelligently in Charlie Wilson's War, which has been billed as a comedy but contains sobering reminders about modern international affairs.
0.625 Sorkin is a deft explicator of Washington geopolitics for dummies, but he patronizes us with blunt lessons on the mujahideen and Afghanistan geography.
0.1 The lines brought to mind what sportswriter Red Smith said when asked how he writes, 'I open a vein,'... Alan Sorkin's seem to come straight from an artery, so labored are they.
0.875 All of a sudden, Hoffman is having one of the most spectacular years any movie actor ever had.
0.8 When Charlie Wilson's War is on target -- pretty much every time Tom Hanks and Philip Seymour Hoffman appear on-screen together -- it's a really enjoyable movie.
0.8 The history that's here is worth knowing, and Hanks, Roberts, Hoffman and Nichols make those Beat-the-Russkies '80s seem like a party.
0.875 It's a mystery why Reagan didn't stop spinning in his grave long enough to incinerate all prints of this propaganda with his lie-destroying eye lasers.
0.75 ...comes as a decided relief after a fall of clumsy, heavy-handed Iraq war dramas.
0.75 Sterling entertainment punched across with enough glitz to sell it but not too much to bury it.
0.875 Mike Nichols' cheeky film about the Texas Congressman who helped fund the Afghan army tells one side of an important story. And it tells it well, thanks to an A-list cast and Aaron Sorkin's typically zingy script.
0.6 A snappy political satire about a Texas Congressman and his efforts to win the Cold War by defeating the Russians in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
0.8 Ultimately it's a film that understands that it's OK to insert a little T&A into the political discourse.
0.5 Just because a politically savvy satire has an eloquent tongue in its cheek doesn't mean the message won't seem painfully obvious.
0.625 A pleasant enough film, but I simply didn't see what all the awards talk is about.
0.9 There's a stinger in the tail of the story when the happy ending it reaches is no ending at all, but is instead a step on the road to the present day.
0.8 Perhaps a better way to remember these two colorful characters ... is with a little gem by Gust: 'What brought us together was chasing pussy and killing communists.'
0.875 With its rapid pace, smart screenplay, and top-notch acting, this is one of the 2007 Oscar season's most appealing and compelling adult motion pictures.
0.5 As for the nuts-and-bolts of political strategy, Nichols navigates them as prosaically as he did in his last treatment of a sybaritic pol, the trivial Primary Colors.
0.875 Another war film, with an exception, this one is Entertaining! I applaud Aaron Sorkin!!!
0.75 This is certainly the most dynamic of the war films that have been choking and dying at the multiplex.
0.8 In Mike Nichols' smart satire of US engagement with the Middle East, history is shown to repeat itself as both tragedy and farce.
0.8 Lively and enlightening, this truth-is-stranger-than-fiction caper takes an ironic, satirical, even shallow tone.
1.0 Nichols has all cylinders cooking with this stuff, especially with the flow of zingers by Sporkin delivered in rapid fire exquisiteness of expression.
0.625 Call it Afghanishtar. So strange that Democrats are shown killing Commies--not calling for sanctions against them or filing motions in the U.N.
0.6 Performances from Hoffman and Hanks are so strong that, almost in spite of itself, Charlie Wilson's War is worth a look.
0.3 Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure.
0.2 Ned Kelly suggests that not only do you not need anything of interest to watch, but you don't even need to see it at all.
0.375 Ultimately, Jordan's vision is so murky that Ned Kelly remains as foreign to us as wombat stew.
0.6 A ride that doesn't take us far enough.
0.6 Details such as the film's stark Victoria locations and the clunky suits of steel armor the Kellys fashion for the climactic showdown root things in a distinctive time and place, allowing viewers to experience the familiar storyline in a fresh way.
0.4 This is a traditional western, not a great one...
0.25 A leaden retelling of the legend of Australia's Jesse James that has understandably been sitting on the shelf for a couple of years.
0.625 A handsome, action-packed biographical drama with a credibility gap wider than the screen.
0.625 Ledger, talking into his chest for much of the film in an apparent effort to lend gravity to his performance, is pretty stiff, but so is Jordan's direction.
0.625 This handsomely produced historical drama never fully engages your attention.
0.5 To get swept up by the hagiographic treatment and to be all that interested in every nuance of this fellow's development, one might really need to be Australian.
0.6 Jordan's nightmarish vision of the Australian landscape is vividly haunting.
0.375 It just couldn't get any duller.
0.6 Heath Ledger makes this good guy gone bad seem worthy of his legendary status - he makes it easy to root for the outlaws.
0.625 The production is always engaging, always compelling, but to what end? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark? The film doesn't say.
0.625 Jordan stages the action scenes with energy and aplomb; when his heroes dive headlong into mythology, they do it with gusto and plenty of ammunition.
0.5 Monotonous and drags toward the end.
0.4 There is a potent national epic struggling to find expression here, but this movie is too rushed and fragmented to do it justice.
0.4 A highly formal and conventional film that is too often merely ponderous when it should be stirring.
0.4 starts off as predictable but enjoyable nonsense and goes so thoroughly off the rails,
0.625 Begs for deeper answers, but never provides them.
0.375 Think Braveheart Down Under-an impossibly masturbatory, unilateral act of hero worship.
0.6 An unkempt, enjoyable retelling of the life story of an Australian legend.
0.7 It's an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances.
0.7 At last! A feature film about Australia's greatest outlaw and folk hero that, while not reaching five-star status, all Australians can be proud of.
0.7 an exciting movie filled with plenty of action, adventure, beautiful cinematography and best of all, terrific performances..Ledger is fantastic as Kelly
0.6 Much like the film itself, the actress wears her heart on her sleeve then wipes her runny nose on it, offering the viewer all the human poetry of heartache, and all the goofy comedy of getting over it.
0.875 It's a lovely effort from the Haligonian director Andrea Dorfman - hers is an offbeat, human story that addresses personal risks and life decisions.
0.875 ...a slightly erratic yet wholeheartedly engrossing little drama...
0.4 Heartbeat is too aimless to keep our attention and loaded with so many quirky touches - fluttering animation, twee music over montages of Justine staring, lovelorn, at books and photographs - that it becomes distractingly cute.
0.625 Rana's Wedding serves as a strong reminder of the difficulties the people of Jerusalem face every day.
0.875 So clearly a product of our collective kingdom of frustration and rubble, that she can't help but give voice to a universal howl.
0.75 This wedding film is no stale confection.
0.75 Gentle, tumultuous coming-of- age-in-a-day story.
0.75 The movie is passable as a story but fascinating as a document.
0.75 As Rana, Khoury gives the film a sympathetic center, but also a maddening one.
0.6 Effectively conveys the fears and frustrations of Palestinians struggling in a country that treats them as the enemy.
0.75 Director Hany Abu-Assad makes delightful use of time, stretching out the action over the course of one day.
1.0 A bittersweet film that tells the story of Palestinian life as eloquently as anything ever done.
0.8 Vibrant filmmaking that manages to deliver pertinent news about life under occupation.
0.6 Khoury may be a few years too old to play a minor still squirming under her father's thumb, but her performance as a timid young woman who finds strength while looking for a husband is quite affecting.
0.75 A small gem.
0.7 Ms. Khoury, often filmed in close-up, gives a deeply sensitive, unsentimental performance.
0.75 Excellent acting, and a plot that combines suspense, whimsy, and political resonance make this Palestinian comedy-drama an unusual treat.
1.0 Excellent drama, and perhaps the dawn of a new era in Palestinian filmmaking.
0.875 The final scene packs a huge impact. Simple but surprising, intensely personal and yet symbolic of the greater Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the film is as eloquent a statement as can be made on war, peace and humanity in Israel.
0.6 A perfectly ordinary, unexceptionally satisfactory film... does a fine job with the mechanics of the plot, but it whiffs a bit on the characters.
0.625 Rather than rise, this story cools off, fading away into unconvincing, accidental tragedy and an attempted emotional coda that feels more stapled on than woven in.
0.6 The film is worth watching just to see Isaac's performance grow through the final third: as misery, grief, and hate fuse together in a tumultuous, hopeless climax.
0.875 Any subtext is derived from the shades of Isaac and Mortensen's performances, playing men forced into an uneasy alliance.
0.8 The Two Faces of January is a stylish and riveting thriller full of suspense where the boundaries of the deranged fragments of the mind are pushed beyond their breaking point.
0.625 Amini is perhaps too intent on producing a film whose elegance outweighs its horrors, and as a result The Two Faces of January never fully delves into the hearts of darkness clearly beating beneath its mannered surface.
0.5 At a certain point, it's akin to reading a mediocre murder mystery. You finish it because you're too far in to quit, as opposed to actually caring how things wrap up.
0.6 A sumptuous film to watch. Humphrey Bogart would have loved the men's clothes, Dunst recalls the golden age of individual Hollywood actresses and the sun-baked locations are so dry you'll thirst for a summer drink.
0.875 Amini... has a playful darkness that jibes with Highsmith's sensibilities.
0.875 Everything about The Two Faces of January is right, even as the events it describes - a couple's idyllic Grecian holiday, a charming American's adventures abroad - go terribly wrong.
0.75 Things get awfully twisted under that hot Mediterranean sun.
0.5 A talented cast, but they all smolder and never ignite.
0.75 A stylish directorial debut for screenwriter Hossein Amini.
0.75 It follows three people, all of them flawed and under pressure, and keeps the audience in sympathy with all three. It's some kind of feat to place three people in conflict and have the audience wish the best for each of them.
0.75 It may not quite capture the tone and the dread of the Master of Suspense's work, but it's not too far off, and it stands out from the rest of the pack as much for what it doesn't do as for what it does.
0.6 Though not as talented or as sophisticated as Mr. Ripley, there's still enough substance and period style to the Two Faces of January.
0.5 It offers a lesson in crafting antiheroic characters. We don't have to identify with them, but we at least need to be intrigued.
0.6 Stylish thriller set in '60s Greece has drinking, smoking.
0.6 There are no jolting twists or shocking reveals. The reward lies mostly in accepting each character on his or her terms.
0.75 This is one of Mortensen's best performances, and "The Two Faces of January" is one gorgeously rendered old-school feature.
0.8 ...an atmospheric, scintillating tale of intrigue that would have been right at home in the 1940s when they made movies like this, despite an ending that doesn't live up to the rest of the movie.
0.5 Starts strong, but finishes sloppy.
0.75 Perfectly fine - as chilly as a cold platter of octopus salad, as bracing as a shot of ouzo.
0.6 It's a passion project, but you don't really sense a lot of passion on display. It's more like a job well done - a clean, efficient, old school thriller that could have come out when the source was published.
0.75 Is the film too old-school for short attention spans? Maybe. Rest assured that Amini's shuddery endgame is well worth the wait.
0.6 An intriguing diversion - a not always successful one, but a relatively decent potboiler nonetheless.
0.625 It lives or dies on its ending, and the final minutes here don't jibe with the rest of the film's cat-and-cat game.
0.7 Color it mesmerizing.
0.625 Hossein Amini's edits and sequences are engineered for narrative efficiency, often at the expense of thematic or affectual aims.
1.0 This is that rare movie that's way ahead of the viewer instead of the other way around. In terms of what it sets out to do, and does, there's nothing missing.
0.6 Amini demonstrates considerable skill both with actors and with the camera, giving the film a pungent balance of visual elegance and moral seediness.
0.7 Director Amini juggles the pairs with Hitchcockian aplomb.
0.75 Ambitious, gorgeous, even brave at times, though not always assured, Hossein Amini's beautiful and cautiously constructed thriller is an admirable piece featuring a trio of impressive performances
0.6 It's the locations that give the film its most robust flavour ... the plot isn't the film's greatest attribute, but hums along reliably, next to actors, clothes and locations that do the heavy lifting. Fun and disposable.
0.6 A welcome hark back to the days when mystery films were chiefly the stuff of cinema rather than TV...an absorbing, finely honed adventure.
0.6 This expertly executed adaptation of a second-tier title from esteemed author Patricia Highsmith is all about making a little niggle go a long way.
0.6 Structurally his script is excellent, condensing the book's plot while retaining its spirit.
0.7 Amini's handling of this gripping drama makes the film intriguing even when some of the plot developments stretch the boundaries of belief, and the film boasts three very strong performances in the leading roles.
0.6 Long-time screenwriter Hossein Amini (Drive) displays a degree of airy, old-fashioned elegance in his first directorial outing.
0.5 A final foot chase - like much before it - attempts to recall classics like The Third Man, yet is successful only in the way that Mortensen's speed is as dubious as Orson Welles'.
0.7 A tight, stylish, romantic thriller with strong characters and driving plot, The Two Faces of January is the perfect remedy for those who live on a steady diet of Hitchcock and Wilder noir's.
0.8 This is a taut thriller whose gaze is always focused on the progress of plot and relationships.
0.7 A handsome, engrossing and classy, if not classic, throwback thriller.
0.8 An unhurried, louche thriller that gives way to claustrophobia as it starts to get its clammy hands around your neck.
0.6 A handsomely mounted if somewhat slight affair, beautifully photographed by Marcel Zyskind, gorgeously dressed by Steven Noble, and well played by the central trio ...
0.8 This sun-drenched thriller is much more than a pretty picture: it's also a slow-burning story about moral compromises that worms its way under the skin.
0.8 Its richness lies in the complexity of its characterisation.
0.6 The film at times resembles an Agatha Christie movie - the kind of classy product TV companies love to show on a snoozy Sunday afternoon.
0.8 Amini ... has done a splendid job of evoking Greece in the early Sixties.
0.8 The Two Faces Of January charts a downward spiral of death and deceit marked by bad decisions taken for all the wrong reasons.
0.7 The Two Faces of January is an old fashioned thriller from the writer of Drive that despite a few missteps, is still a thoroughly fascinating directorial debut.
0.6 An enjoyable, if underpowered Highsmith adaptation which is lifted by its charismatic performances.
0.6 There are many attractive parts to this thriller - handsome leads, a meaty Patricia Highsmith plot, Mediterranean sunlight on cream linen suits - but it's no greater than the sum of them.
0.6 By the Istanbul last act the movie has become incurably woolly and one-note-enigmatic.
0.8 A pleasurable throwback to the character-driven thrillers of Alfred Hitchcock, rich in atmosphere and immaculately tailored.
0.6 It's beautifully shot and quietly absorbing. But the low-level tension never really threatens to bubble over.
0.6 While a competently watchable affair, there's some flimsy characterisation that these fine actors can't quite embellish; Dunst in particular is saddled with an underwritten role.
0.8 It all makes for a thriller that balances urgent storytelling with ethical dilemmas. Now, if only someone would make a proper version of Highsmith's masterful Edith's Diary.
0.6 Intelligent, stylish adaptation of a Highsmith thriller with a crack cast and superbly photographed period locations. But it misses the essential element of tension.
0.8 It looks and feels very familiar, but being such a lean, mean tightly-woven thriller also makes it a refreshing break from the contemporary norm.
0.8 A superior directorial debut for a smart, literate screenwriter delivers both first-class character drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense.
0.6 Rather than feel like an actual film noir, instead it feels like a modern film imitating the genre, and as such struggles to compel in quite the way it should.
0.8 It's an elegantly pleasurable period thriller, a film of tidy precision and class.
1.0 'Rocky Mountain Express' not only shows the Canadian Rockies in all their glory, but it also demonstrates what it's like to ride on The Empress, aka the Canadian Pacific 2816, a restored train from the 1930s.
0.666666666667 The contemplative rigor Return brings to concepts of imagery and technology yields rewards if you're willing to work for them.
1.0 Bogart is phenomenal as Fred C. Dobbs, a decent guy destroyed by his lust for gold, and the film itself is one of the immortals of cinema.
0.8 an unconventional western and a serious drama
0.875 A finely-crafted western-style character drama where greed and paranoia drive desperate men over the edge.
1.0 Transcends the medium to become a mandatory viewing experience for anyone that identifies themselves as a human being, period.
1.0 an all-time masterpiece of characterization, structure, pacing and storytelling in general
0.9 Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia.
1.0 This is so brilliant that the only real effect of the other versions is to make you want to watch the original again.
1.0 A pure classic.
1.0 True treasure of cinema, terrific on all counts.
0.8 An undeniable classic, but far from perfect.
1.0 The movie has never really been about gold but about character, and Bogart fearlessly makes Fred C. Dobbs into a pathetic, frightened, selfish man -- so sick we would be tempted to pity him, if he were not so undeserving of pity.
1.0 ... so good that writing about it is embarrassing.
1.0 Sierra Madre is one of the most lush black & white films ever shot. You'll never look at a gila monster the same way after seeing it slither across the sand in this film.
0.9 ...one treasure of a movie.
1.0 Greed, a despicable passion out of which other base ferments may spawn, is seldom treated in the movies with the frank and ironic contempt that is vividly manifested toward it in Treasure of Sierra Madre.
1.0 An all-time classic; Bogart wonderful, but Walter Huston steals the show; a timeless treasure not to be missed.
0.8 Uma fabulosa atuacao de Humphrey Bogart (completamente esquecido no Oscar daquele ano, numa das maiores injusticas que a Academia ja cometeu).
1.0 Arguably John Huston's greatest film, this powerful study of masculinity under pressure retains its power.
0.5 There are some very nice moments throughout that give one hope along the way, but when the conclusion arrives, disappointment is unavoidable.
0.6 Hoy d%uFFFDa, (...) una pieza como Edmond no resulta todo lo inquietante que deber%uFFFDa. Eso quiz%uFFFDs sea lo verdaderamente llamativo.
0.8 "Edmond" is beyond black comedy, it's a comedy in almost total stygian darkness. A comedy where the laughs make you cough up razor blades.
0.6 Edmond is presented as the cold truth, but it's really just the truth of how the masculinist Mamet feels.
0.8 This is a small film with a big payback, like a series of tableaux that illustrate how a mildmannered Mr Everyman can become viciously untamed.
0.4 Is this about the nihilistic plight of the alienated, or just nihilistic? A coal-dark satire, or just needlessly dark? The uncomfortable Edmond asks more questions than it answers.
0.2 It plays like a low-cal Falling Down, with all the rage of Michael Douglas's office malcontent but none of his dark humour. Possibly the weakest thing Mamet has ever written.
0.25 It didn't work.
0.4 Edmond is a slight, self-consciously arty affair that starts off like a gloomy version of Falling Down before petering out with a deeply anti-climatic ending.
0.4 The Falling Down-meets-After Hours pitch and plum cast (William H Macy, Rebecca Pidgeon, Bai Ling, Mena Suvari) look tempting, but it's not a stretch to see why it's sat on the shelf for two years.
0.2 The great man lets rip with deafening flatulent macho nonsense in a truly awful movie, one of the very worst US pictures to be released here in years.
0.6 This is not an easy watch, but it is awfully honest art.
0.5 Macy is on top form and Mamet fans will savour the vicious barbs of repressed male rage but many will find this is a claustrophobic, stagey exercise without the wit and scope of Glengarry Glen Ross.
0.4 The director fails to breathe any sort of life into a piece practically carbon-dated by its flailing assaults on political correctness.
0.333333333333 Be thankful it's not longer; at 80 minutes, one may still derive some perverse pleasure from the silliness of it all.
0.4 Whilst William H. Macy is as rewarding as ever, this has not transferred well from the stage.
0.3 Incredulity grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go.
0.6 Comecando com a promessa de se revelar um novo Um Dia de Furia ("Uma Noite...", neste caso), o filme jamais alcanca a intensidade esperada e se enfraquece ainda mais em seu terceiro ato desajeitadamente satirico. Mas Macy esta genial.
0.75 Quintessential David Mamet: brainy, playful, engaging.
0.8 It's not exactly a "happy" movie, but it sure is a fascinating one.
0.84 ...a powerful film, but not a completely coherent one.
0.6 Edmond is a failure as a story, but it's such a provocative and involving failure that it's worth a peek or two.
0.5 An intriguing, disquieting, but ultimately overdrawn nightmare.
0.5 Gordon's direction here lacks any subtlety, as does this bitter material.
0.625 Gordon can't quite get a handle on this odd material, and fails to moderate Macy's performance.
0.5 Even William H. Macy's raw, spare performance cannot save Edmond from distastefulness almost beyond imagination.
0.75 The last handful of scenes, featuring Bokeem Woodbine as an acquaintance of Edmond's, are worth the price of a ticket.
0.875 A consistently stimulating viewing experience.
0.75 It's a wordy script and, in its own profane way, a beautiful one, but it's the words that aren't said that are the most crucial.
0.625 As with most Mamet scripts, this includes multiple monologues, and the cast delivers them with fervor. But the delivery can't conceal that these diatribes are directed at topics that no longer are pertinent.
0.875 A sex- and violence-filled romp that sprays David Mamet's staccato dialogue like rubber bullets over the audience.
0.3 When the filmmakers gave the script to all the studios around town and told them that they had Macy and Mamet and they all said, 'Great! We'll read it this weekend.' Maybe there was a reason why they never heard from them again.
0.625 While all involved deserve credit for getting even limited financing to film such an off-putting work, they've mainly just proven that some things are better left on the stage.
0.7 Mamet's script may not be entirely convincing as either satire or social commentary, but in Macy's hands, poor, pathetic Edmond's story finds its shocking, darkly funny resonance.
0.8 Under Gordon's eye, Macy draws pity for a character who feels nothing beyond his own suffering.
0.5 Makes little sense as a character study, and borders on nonsense as a screed on race in America.
0.875 The most effective Mamet play adaptation I've seen since James Foley's blistering 1992 Glengarry Glen Ross.
0.8 As there's always at least one obscure independent in the annual Oscar race, the whole thing might as well begin here.
0.25 A thriller that's dated, pointless and sludgy slow (even clocking in at 76 minutes).
0.5 Edmond is too self-absorbed for us to care much about his fate, but like the proverbial train wreck, you can't tear your eyes -- or your ears -- away from the spectacle.
0.625 It plays like a hodgepodge of barely connected short films that all happen to star the same actor.
0.625 It may be too bleak for most, and as befits a movie based on a one-act play (written by Mamet in 1982), it can be speechy.
0.625 Mamet's paranoid rant...is as bilious as ever, but time has overtaken and defanged it.
0.25 William H. Macy, Joe Mantegna and a number of other true pros manage to keep straight faces all the way through this woozy, self-important stew of lurid nonsense.
0.75 By design, nasty, brutish, and short...functions as drama because shock crosses through sensationalism to a kind of purity in the character study of a man in desperate need of repair.
0.4 a fussy little movie that wants to be much more controversial and important than it is.
0.75 Edmond plays like Eyes Wide Shut meets Falling Down with a dash of Fight Club, although Mamet's original play debuted way back in 1982 before any of those films existed
0.8 In this screen adaptation of David Mamet's play, William H. Macy is perfectly cast as a prim Manhattan businessman who heeds his inner demons and plummets into free fall.
0.625 Despite the best efforts of all concerned, what seemed explosive and provocative two decades ago now comes across as schematic and artificial.
0.5 Like Paul Haggis's Crash, the characters speak their minds so fully (or lie about their feelings so transparently) that the stuff which should be bubbling under the surface is constantly rising in fiery tirades.
0.2 Most notable for its bathroom jokes, humorous rape scenes and abysmal home-movie cinematography, [the film is a] reputation-dimming mess.
0.6 For fans of Almodovar, this first foray into filmmaking is essential viewing.
0.8 Gruesome yet imaginative teen psychosexual drama.
1.0 The inner tension of the film emerges from Jackson's enjoyment of the girls' bustling insanity and then his gradual withdrawal from it.
0.875 This incredible film may be director Peter Jackson's masterpiece.
0.8 Fantasy and reality blur in a chilling film that shows Jackson's limitless potential
0.8 The movie that first got Jackson & Winslet noticed
1.0 Peter Jackson creates a rich, haunting atmosphere, deftly juggling the eerily giddy fantasy world of the girls and their harsh, violent reality.
0.8 A disturbing, boldly conceived story.
0.875 An odd, but mostly effective mix of melodrama, fantasy and voice-over.
1.0 Beautifully, horribly passionate.
0.8 One of the most genuinely disturbing films I have ever seen.
1.0 Despite the undeniable merits of Jackson's other works, Heavenly Creatures strikes me as the best film he has made.
1.0 Powerful
1.0 A beautiful, haunting masterpiece from Peter Jackson, and proof that The Lord of the Rings isn't the only rabbit in his hat.
0.8 Taut, clever, and fronted with two excellent performances, this is a clever choice for Jackson's first step into mainstream filmmaking.
0.8 17-year-old Kate Winslet made her film debut in this compelling blend of true crime and dark fantasy...
0.5 ...the writer and director, Peter Jackson, could not decide what kind of movie he wanted to make...
0.875 Revealed in unforgettable fashion by a capable director, the events that unfold in this film are not easily forgotten.
0.875 What makes Jackson's film enthralling and frightening is the way it shows these two unhappy girls, creating an alternative world so safe and attractive they thought it was worth killing for.
0.8 ...A work of remarkable clarity and vision, as well as one of the most original pictures of this or any other year.
1.0 An unforgettable experience.
0.75 This is a film with more visual creativity than many fantasy films.
0.9 Heavenly Creatures is dazzling; a perversely original psychodrama.
1.0 Heavenly Creatures is definitely one of the most engrossing and best films of the 90s.
0.5 A movie that begins with high tension gradually fizzles out.
0.82 Heat feels like a cobbled-together conclusion to this so-called trilogy, a movie that offers little of what made the other offerings...so terrific in the first place.
0.7 Morrissey turns to fame and travels from New York to Los Angeles for this outrageously funny but almost painfully sharp comedy.
0.5 This might have worked better as a television episode or a short film, but as a feature, it's merely another one of those overly-long films where the audience must wait around in silence for the same conclusion we've seen countless times.
0.625 A conventional yet entertaining romantic comedy...
0.4 Bateman and Aniston are fine but don't have any real chemistry together, whilst the direction is flat and rather uninteresting. It has the occasional good moment, but "The Switch" fails to push any buttons. Or, indeed, pull any switches.
0.4 despite a novel plot device, The Switch is a disappointingly formulaic film and at times quite soulless.
0.625 You have to overlook a whole lot of guff in order to enjoy the slight but pleasurable entertainment of The Switch.
0.75 Directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck find some heart and wit in the screenplay, and they draw a strong performance from Bateman, who?s funny and sympathetic as the lovelorn Wally.
0.8 I would describe this movie first as sweet, then as funny - though the funny is definitely present, either dry and sly, or big and farcical. It's definitely a movie worth checking out.
0.5 Another week, another Jennifer Aniston rom-com. This one's passable, but saddled with a problematic central plot device.
0.6 Aniston still has a winning way with a comic line although it is really Bateman who carries the film, yet even his understated performance is consistently upstaged by young Robinson.
0.4 Let down by inconsistent characterisation and finally ending in gloopy sentimentality and silliness.
0.6 Aniston has wasted herself on some pretty thankless roles recently, but she is exactly right for this movie.
0.4 It strains to portray a progressive modern woman, but Aniston's role is the weakest link.
0.6 There's an interesting story in there somewhere about nature and nurture, and the pros and cons of being clever or merely good-looking.
0.4 Despite winning turns by Lewis and an on-form Goldblum, the laughs are in short supply.
0.6 There's much to enjoy, if not quite enough to disguise the film's essential awkwardness in trying to cover too many bases.
0.8 There are some good lines, especially from the supporting cast including Jeff Goldblum and Juliette Lewis, and enough moving and witty touches, despite the contrived and predictable plot.
0.4 Co-helmers Josh Gordon and Will Speck don't just distort the original intention of Eugenides's story, they force it kicking and screaming into a romantic comedy mould.
0.4 One wonders how much more of these kinds of films Aniston can make.
0.6 This is exactly the kind of role that suits Jen down to the ground. As Kassie, she's dead funny, deeply watchable and hugely likeable. It's just a shame there's not more of her.
0.6 Surprisingly likeable relationship comedy-drama, enlivened by terrific performances from Jason Bateman, Jeff Goldblum and young Thomas Robinson...
0.6 Jason Bateman plays the reserved guy we're used to by now, but he has so much charisma his character Wally is effortlessly watchable, and the best thing about the film.
0.625 Mildly entertaining, but there's no reason not to wait for the DVD.
0.625 The movie doesn't suck. Which is not to say it's great, but thanks to a wonderfully nuanced performance by Bateman, it is surprisingly moving in spots...
0.7 A movie that, based on its premise, has absolutely no business being as good as it is. An affecting and very entertaining father-son story.
0.6 Isn't without its moments, but any time Aniston and Bateman push at something more honest and truthful, the film purposefully snaps back into standard rom-com mode.
0.875 At its best, The Switch plays against expectations.
0.2 An attractive and talented cast is utterly wasted in this insipid alleged comedy.
0.6 ... the movie has its charms, mostly thanks to the star chemistry of Aniston and Bateman.
0.6 You know within five minutes of the start exactly where The Switch is heading, but getting there is still a surprisingly entertaining journey.
0.8 Jennifer Aniston finally hits paydirt with a cleverly written rom-com about a broody single woman who turns to the turkey baster.
0.125 So annoying I wanted to throw a turkey baster at it.
0.75 In The Switch, Bateman plays a not-so-romantic lead who sometimes makes you want to shake him. And still, he's never been so appealing.
0.4 The Switch sets some kind of record in the creepy-premise category: It's about a guy who woos a girl by sneaking his sperm into her uterus. Now, that's romantic.
0.75 Bateman turns the standard leading male archetype on its head.
0.6 Wisely the emphasis is on Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson and not Jennifer Aniston
0.375 A real switch would have been to draw some real characters and let them dictate the story instead of plugging good actors into a tired formula.
0.125 A walkout-bad, 'bait and switch' rip-off bearing less resemblance to Juno or Little Miss Sunshine than to terrible TV sitcoms revolving around the shopworn 'one big lie' plot device.
0.6 A slightly more serious take on the rom-com, this film benefits hugely from its likeable cast even though the script lets frequently them down.
0.5 Robinson is the only saving grace of the movie, stealing every scene that he appears in. He almost salvages this wreck that fails to pass muster and should have gone straight to...
0.7 It's indie-Bateman against Hollywood-Aniston. And for the most part, Bateman wins. It's shocking an idea this absurd can work, but it's funny and charming.
0.625 Jeff Goldblum was The Fly before Aniston was slumming under the rainbow in Leprechaun and Bateman stood in Valerie's family photos. Goldblum can wear the same purple shirt in every scene if he wants to...
0.25 Did none of the filmmakers -- or the (mostly women) viewers at my screening -- not realize that Wally's action of implanting his unwanted sperm into Kassie qualifies as a form of rape? We're supposed to cheer Wally on -- shouldn't he be going to jail?
0.5 Quirky and implausible, it's a formulaic and utterly predictable romance.
0.4 The only problem with this Jennifer Aniston rom-com is, well, Jennifer Aniston.
0.5 Just because a star's personal life makes for engrossing, if deceptive reading, doesn't mean their movies are anywhere nearly as entertaining.
0.5 Not bad bad as the poster makes it out to be, but not good either.
0.8 suffused with a piquant sense of melancholia . . . it makes its points with sly precision and a wicked sense of humor
0.625 The Switch proves Jason Bateman should headline more features - and that we don't need another sperm donor comedy.
0.5 t's worth noting at this point that in real life, a good number of people, most of them doctors, have gone to jail for fraudulently inseminating women.
0.625 There aren't enough surprises to justify the title, but The Switch produces sufficient light for a late-summer diversion.
0.684 Heartfelt and occasionally funny albeit unsurprising and somewhat contrived. Newcomer Thomas Henderson steals the show in the best performance by a child actor in recent memory.
0.1 There's not enough RU-486 in the world to make this movie stop existing.
0.2 Do women desirous of offspring actually throw "I'm Getting Pregnant" parties at which their chosen sperm donor arrives bearing baby juice in a plastic cup?
0.3 Perverse gender politics are at play here in this insemination fantasy about a man hijacking a woman's uterus in a long play to win her heart.
0.625 The comedy itself suffers from awkward scheduling. Though this isn't its only wrinkle.
0.6 The Switch is a romantic comedy that presents a rare surprise: it won't make you want to scoop out your eyes with a soup ladle.
0.75 Despite a relatively predictable plot and inconsistent pacing, The Switch scores thanks to a good balance of humor and heart.
0.4 Amiable fluff that takes its time learning how to walk, talk, and generally act like the kid-centric rom-com that it is.
0.6 OK romcom centers on sperm donation, single parenthood.
0.75 For Bateman (adeptly mixing melancholia with humor), Goldblum, and a boy whose talents haven't been since the young Jonathan Lipnicki ... pregnant pause here ... this film bears watching.
0.75 Evolves from an uneasy romantic comedy into a surprisingly tender and generous love story about fathers and sons as well as men and women...
0.625 The chemistry between Jason Bateman and a grave, sweet child actor gives 'The Switch' a little melancholy magic you might not expect, what with its sitcom-y plot and dialogue.
0.2 Likable cast wasted in a dopey comedy. But hey, at least it has the first head-lice-removal instructional montage in romcom history.
0.7 The Switch is a wonderfully cute flick that builds realistic chemistry between a father and son. Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson have amazing emotional arcs.
0.75 A warm, quirkily observant film, strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key, easygoing vibe.
0.5 Tries to be more than a sitcom but keeps falling back on cheap laughs.
0.625 With so much working against the film, it's a genuine surprise when you find yourself entertained anyway, thanks to the strong comedic leads.
0.4 It's Judd Apatow lite, Farrelly brothers special blend. Just call it When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum.
0.75 The surprise in The Switch is that the star of the movie is Jason Bateman, not Jennifer Aniston. It's a good surprise.
0.5 The truly dusty cliche it drags out again is the cute couple who don't, you know, think-of-each-other-like-that. Until, of course, they do.
0.7 Thoroughly entertaining.
0.4 The first third of The Switch, directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, is so bizarre that it leads you to wonder if, through some miraculous lack of oversight, the movie will blaze an unpredictable path. No such luck.
0.5 It's not horrible and it has the sense to make the most of Bateman's talents, but it's awfully hard to relate to people who can't figure out Clark Kent is Superman wearing glasses.
0.4 The Switch is built like a romantic comedy, except that there's no romance -- and precious little comedy, for that matter.
0.5 Another in a recent line of romcoms eager to get us laughing all the way to the sperm bank, and then to the infant dividends beyond.
0.375 I know I'm the first one to complain about how Hollywood needs to give us something we haven't seen before, but if this is the result, please give me 3 more Freddy Krueger movies and a remake of Gilligan's Island starring Zac Efron.
0.7 Don't be fooled by misleading advertising or even your own preconceptions. It turns out The Switch is a heck of a wonderful film. Once the film gets beyond its ridiculous set-up, it hits a poignant stride few will see coming.
0.6 Shaggy and likable, but not lovable, The Switch is the rare romantic comedy that's actually about and made for adults.
0.375 so unimaginative and formula-driven...that it seems entirely to have been hashed out by executives over a long lunch.
0.5 Let's all agree that comedies based around sperm banks or sperm donations should be banned from our fair shores forever
0.8 A spiffy romantic comedy about secrets, friendship, love, nurturing, and the human race.
0.75 ...the best romantic comedy to come down the pike in some time.
0.375 The film is not comedic enough to be considered a comedy, not dramatic enough to be a drama, not romantic enough to be a romance, and not believable enough to be a slice-of-life.
0.6 A surprisingly heartfelt comedy that succeeds thanks to the great chemistry between Jason Bateman and newcomer Thomas Robinson.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman each bring a rare Bordeaux, and the writers bring Spam on white bread. You can skip the picnic or show up and have a glass of wine.
0.5 Unfortunately, this latest ho-hum rom-com from Hollywood's industrial commissary comes out half-baked despite noble efforts by two undeniably likable stars who try to rescue it from mediocrity.
0.5 Didn't Jennifer Lopez play essentially the same role this year in The Back-Up Plan? Only in the movies are glamorous, 40ish single women leaping into single parenthood via sperm donation.
0.7 More his journey than hers, more satire than slapstick, the film is that rare example of rom-com about men, which turns out to be a nice switch indeed.
0.6 Thanks to Bateman's truly winning performance as a bit of a loser, "The Switch" manages to earn our laughter and our respect in equal measure.
0.5 Aniston and Bateman find a funny chemistry together, and the film's bemusing setup unfolds with wit and charm. As 6-year-old Sebastian, Thomas Robinson steals every scene he's in.
0.75 The Jason Bateman film his fans have been waiting for.
0.5 Allan Loeb wrote the script. Josh Gordon and Will Speck directed. What they've done is concoct something gimmicky and banal.
0.5 There's zero heat between Aniston and Bateman; what synthetic feelings the film does generate involve the father/son relationship.
0.625 Far more surprising than the blinding preposterousness of The Switch's opening passages is the fact that the film smoothly recovers to become a passable character-driven rom-com.
0.5 Marketed as a comedy about a woman taking charge of her life ... offers up a woman whose life apparently isn't worth exploring until she finds a father for her son.
0.375 A textbook case of Hollywood chauvinism.
0.5 The film offers few - make that no - surprises. What almost saves it is the acting.
0.3 All you can do is sit there, loathing these characters, waiting for them to learn the truth and wishing to be somewhere else.
0.625 I wish it were great, but "pretty good" puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies. Puh-LEN-ty.
0.75 The set-up alone has some of the funniest semen humor since There's Something About Mary.
0.5 Bateman and Aniston have no chemistry, and the movie's most entertaining moments come from Jeff Goldblum in the thankless supportive-friend role.
0.625 All that's good about The Switch is undermined by the need to conform to romantic comedy standards and by the predictable performance of a miscast Jennifer Aniston.
0.75 The best Jennifer Aniston movie in ages is actually a star vehicle for Jason Bateman. And Aniston's work opposite the screen's premiere mild-mannered funnyman shows her at her most engaged and pitch perfect.
0.4 Marvel at the desperate spectacle of three comic leads ... being outperformed by the wide-eyed Robinson, a quiet collector of silences.
0.625 ...an affable (yet thoroughly uneven) piece of work...
0.4 Puts good intentions and appealing performances into the balance against cliches of dead-end neighborhoods and rebellious (but sensitive) youth.
0.25 Cisneros is an appealing actor, but he and Falling Awake get buried under a welter of cliches.
0.3 I'm all for telling generic stories about young artists rising above their lot in life, but for goodness sake, at least shoot it right.
0.6 Playing smarter and smoother than the plot, Cisneros uncorks an antimacho performance that deviates from type.
0.25 Casts a collection of illustrious no-names in a fatuous gangland epic of multicultural tensions between blacks and Puerto Ricans.
0.8 Many Ferrara faithful fetching for something uncanny will line up and get what they bargained for.
0.25 Mary is a mess. An inter esting one, yet still a mess.
0.4 Mary is a convoluted, hysterical mess of a movie with grandiose spiritual airs and not a drop of humor.
0.75 A triune plot that Ferrara digs into with sleeves fully rolled up.
0.5 It feels like the kind of snoozy artistic modulation that critics often confuse for maturation.
0.7 Very little of this mess works in any conventional sense, but as the performances begin to redline, the movie examines the relationship between performance and contrition.
0.4 Ferrara presents his ideas in what's meant to be a meditation on the nature of faith but ends up an incoherent, pretentious mess.
0.7 ...both Forest Whitaker and Juliette Binoche (as with the rest of the cast) give such amazing performances that they should be added to the list of the best work of their careers.
0.8 Somehow turns confusion into a concise study on what it means to believe in god in this day and age.
0.67 A serious-minded film about the confusion and anxiety that mark a true inquisition into one's faith.
0.8 Marks [Asia Argento] as a far more adventurous and even risk-addicted filmmaker than her famous father Dario.
0.625 To appreciate or even tolerate the film, you must separate yourself from the characters and the material. What's unfortunate is that the movie is too well made to let you do just that.
0.625 Argento's film is arguably exploitative, but its real-life horrors are effectively authentic.
0.7 JT LeRoy may be a scam, but Argento's scalding treatment of adults behaving badly is as real as cold French fries in a West Virginia truck stop.
0.6 Trying a bit too hard to be a modern cult classic, but it's clear that Argento's heart is in the right place.
0.25 Now the fabricated story of a boyhood that included abandonment, rape and near constant fear and humiliation is a movie. The result is unwatchable.
0.375 I don't know if the movie follows the book closely, but if it does, you kind of have to wonder how Leroy or Albert or whoever it was made such a splash in the first place.
0.125 Vile beyond redemption.
0.75 [Argento's] fast-moving, devil-may-care filmmaking keeps The Heart Is Deceitful dangling just above its relentlessly harrowing subject matter.
0.5 There is no redemption, no surcease, and as the film ends the barbarity continues. This film made me intensely uncomfortable, but that was its intention.
0.4 It's a taxing bit of exploitation, which, although you're glad to know it's a work of fiction, doesn't exactly make a case for itself as art.
0.375 At best, this film raises an all-too-relevant question: Are true-life stories interesting because they're true? Or because they're interesting? At worst, it raises a different question: What if they're neither true nor interesting?
0.6 The film is as captivating as it is perverse.
0.5 Given Argento's willingness to attempt the controversial book at all, she pulls a surprising number of punches.
0.5 Like LeRoy's novels, the movie finds something hep about degradation, neglect, and eating out of dumpsters. It calls to mind the Zoolander joke about a fashion line, 'Derelict,' inspired by crack whores and hoboes.
0.0 Stripped of all its lurid backstory, the fictional tale is revealed onscreen to be a mere catalog of horrors, an ugly grafting together of Dickens and America's Most Wanted.
0.25 Watchable in a train-wreck kind of way, but you'll probably want to take a shower afterwards.
0.25 This is an execrable movie.
0.6 Ultimately sabotaged by Argento's own deliriously uncontrollable hysterics.
0.2 Viewer discretion is advised, if only because it's well-nigh unwatchable.
0.375 This film's heart is not deceitful, merely obvious and overbearing.
0.5 Argento doesn't translate Leroy's novel into the visual language of film, or at least she doesn't conjure up the same feeling the book does.
0.4 An overwrought and underwhelming study of childhood abuse.
0.7 Artful and stylish, Argento's acting and filmmaking are edgy, authentic and rather nuts.
1.0 Spiked with moments of true brilliance.
0.9 If, however, you are willing to take a dark ride you will be rewarded.
0.1 The opposite of accomplished filmmaking.
0.25 Argento might one day make a good film - this certainly isn't it.
0.83 While you might expect a cheap quickie designed to cash in on the Tim Burton feature ... Malice in Wonderland is actually an honest and at times intriguing updating of the classic set in modern times, in the cockney underworld of South London.
0.6 Genuinely original interpretation of the Brit gangster and Lewis Carroll's surreal tale.
0.2 Quite apart from the fact that it mistakes sexism and homophobia for sardonic liberal rib-tickling, even at 80 minutes, the film feels like a brash, crass and boneheaded music promo that's been stretched to breaking point.
0.4 Malice In Wonderland does little to remind you of the performances that once had critics and even the late great Harold Pinter crowing about his talent as [Dyer] started out on the West End stage.
0.2 Despite a certain visual flair, Malice in Wonderland just isn't very good. The screenplay is the main problem - it's just too flat and unimaginative to justify the larger-than- life cartoon characters that populate the movie.
0.4 Dyer has some funny lines, and he makes the most of them, proving that he is actually a good performer, all too often marooned in endless geezer knees-ups. But otherwise it's a bit pointless and heavy-handed.
0.4 Alice's adventures lose something in their contemporary translation, and there is very little to care about. It's nicely shot, though, in the style of a 1980s music video.
0.0 Simon Fellows and screenwriter Jayson Rothwell have come up with one of the worst ever ideas for a movie and created a cinematic abomination devoid of point, humour and entertainment value.
0.4 A good idea that unfortunately doesn't quite work, thanks to poor direction and a script that's not as clever or as funny as it thinks it is.
0.2 The presence of Danny Dyer, meanwhile, has likely tipped you off to the fact that it's a) set in a world of Brit gangsters, and b) not very good.
0.8 I Am Yours is a pensive, perceptive study of a woman adrift whose expectations of a relationship are never quite matched.
0.6 Actress Iram Haq makes a solid directorial debut with this tale of clashing cultures.
0.6 Acharia's electric performance is impressive, while director Iram Haq brings an insider's sympathy to the protagonist's plight.
0.8 Haq has the storytelling style of a lawyer calmly presenting the facts of a case leaving it to the audience to decide whether to focus judgment on Mina or unsympathetic circumstances.
0.6 Anchored by a splendid lead performance from Amrita Acharia, but a little directionless otherwise ...
0.6 How to be a mother, a lover and an aspiring actress all at once?
0.625 ...a fairly run-of-the-mill character study that's elevated by star Amrita Acharia's spellbinding performance...
0.8 As with the best science fiction, the technology of the future is used to explore the human condition of the present.
0.2 Occasional zingers from co-stars like Sebastian Stan as a rival coach and Thomas Middleditch as Hope's assistant poke through and may rouse your from your stonefaced stupor.
0.4 For a movie with a critique of mediocrity well within its grasp, this one settles for an embrace of it, barely breaking a sweat.
0.4 The foul-mouthed nature of half the film - during which the writers seem to be under the mistaken idea that if one swear word is funny, then two must be doubly so and so on - also sits uncomfortably with the cutesy cliche romance portion of proceedings.
0.55 A grueling experience to sit through if you're not in on the central joke and Rauch's character.
0.4 THE BRONZE feels like a film that had all the ingredients for a breakout indie comedy, but just totally screwed up the recipe nonetheless.
0.6 While it stumbles through the routine much of the way it just manages to stick the landing.
0.5 A cleverly conceived, occasionally funny, but mostly unpleasant motion picture.
0.6 Oh Lindsay Lohan, where has your talent gone?
0.4 Lohan acts out in muddled mother-daughter comedy.
0.3 A fluffy comedy about a young woman who was repeatedly raped by her stepfather.
0.63 Rarely awful, Garry Marshall's films consistently exhibit a veneer of banality, and Georgia Rule is no exception.
0.4 click for full review
0.125 Since when did sexual abuse find its way into a comedy?I guess when it's part of a screenplay written by Mark Andrus and directed by Garry Marshall ("Pretty Woman").
0.4 The only people who would be attracted to actually watching this film aren't going to be able to watch it anyway.
0.2 A family drama that flies all over the place and does not do justice to the serious ethical issues it raises.
0.625 ...it's ultimately difficult not to be drawn into the soap opera-ish exploits of the central characters.
0.375 If there's not a dry eye in the house when Lilly and Rachel finally hug, it's only because audiences will have cleared out by that point.
0.25 Does anybody really want to see a quirky incest comedy? Yuck.
0.6 Georgia Rule isn't a bad movie. It's several bad movies in one, with a good movie trying to get out.
0.75 It may not be good news for casting agents and some directors, but Lohan is the real deal. She can act.
0.75 A genre-bending female empowerment flick masquerading as a titillating teensplurt.
0.25 Georgia Rule is about as Lohan as it can go.
0.5 The central problem with the movie isn't that it deals with several hot-button topics, but that it addresses them with a shocking lack of emotional honesty.
0.3 A tedious yawn with only a few bright spots.
1.0 In the end this film is genuine and sincere. It tugs at peoples emotions and if you have ever struggled in a mother-daughter relationship you can really relate.
0.625 There is enough to admire here that you may agree it's worth a look. At the same time, the film doesn't emotionally satisfy as strongly as it should. One thing's clear though: this is Lohan's picture, and she walks away with it.
0.5 The characters would be better off on the set of The Jerry Springer Show than anchoring their own film.
0.25 Georgia Rule doesn't make you feel good; it makes you queasy.
0.375 Spin it however they like, the troubled but talented Lohan isn't what's wrong with this misbegotten mess.
0.375 You'd think that decree No. 1 for a movie about rules would be to know exactly what kind of picture you're making and selling. Georgia Rule fails that basic test, and a whole lot of other ones besides.
0.75 As an acting showcase -- the supporting roles are as rich as the leads -- Georgia Rule is undeniably one of the year's best American dramedies.
0.25 It's a creepy, tone-deaf movie about three generations of women.
0.5 A bar of soap is a repeated element in Georgia Rule, and rightly so. Suds rise in this capably acted fem-drama laced with slap-in comedy.
0.25 Frankly, it's a wonder that stars Jane Fonda and Felicity Huffman didn't belly up to the bar alongside Lohan, once they read Mark Andrus' screenplay, an atonal, ersatz mix of garden-variety family dysfunction and rank 'chick flick' cliches.
0.25 A murky blend of melodrama and comedy.
0.125 Do not take your mom to Georgia Rule unless she's Roseanne Barr. You may expect a three-generational chick flick, but what you get is a child-rape comedy.
0.25 Misguided at best and repellent at worst.
0.5 The actresses, notably Fonda, are fine, but the characters are a collection of cliches and behaviors that feel as patently false as the generic town built around them.
0.25 You can see what they are striving for, but Georgia Rule is so artificial, it feels like more of a flow chart than a slice of life.
0.5 No wonder Lindsay Lohan got scolded for missing work during this production; I'd also try to stay away as long as I could from a project that's this confused.
0.5 Georgia Rule stars Jane Fonda in the story of what her life would be like if Lindsay Lohan were her granddaughter. Here's a hint: It would suck.
0.4 Georgia Rule veers back and forth awkwardly between humour and drama, getting both wrong. The various family secrets and plot twisties in the tale are painfully, psych 101 obvious.
0.0 Not to excuse her apparent lack of professionalism, but can you blame Lohan for showing up to work in bad shape?
0.25 If there is a 'What Were They Thinking?' Hall of Shame, there's a whole wall preserved for Georgia Rule, a feel-good, mothers-and-daughters comedy about child sexual abuse.
0.75 There's little gussied up in this surprisingly tart mother-child-grandchild reunion picture, written by Mark Andrus.
0.125 Georgia Rule is not just a bad movie, it's a creepy one.
0.5 It's a shame Lohan's best work to date is bogged down in a film that wants to be in the same league as Terms of Endearment but is only marginally better than Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
0.125 Georgia Rule is a bad idea dreadfully executed -- On Golden Pond with fellatio jokes and whimsical incest melodrama and Fonda playing her dad (who, more and more, she eerily resembles).
0.625 Not just another bratty teen movie, but one that delves into the intriguing and heartbreaking reasons behind the brattiness.
0.5 Strong performances and its R rating help keep Georgia Rule from being a completely overemotional, Lifetime TV mush fest, but only slightly.
0.75 All three (stars) are compelling and vibrant, which will make many viewers wish the actresses had a stronger script to work with and a more confident director to guide them.
0.4 The casting almost feels like some kind of cruel joke on Lohan.
0.625 Quite a bit smarter than some of director Garry Marshall's other weepies... but his big, happy, clumsy style ultimately isn't suited for finely tuned melodrama.
0.0 it takes a horribly serious and painful subject then tries to surround it with a bad parody of Hee Haw
0.75 Lohan's an extremely talented actress when she wants to be and it's roles in films like Mean Girls and Georgia Rule that proves she can be one of the great ones.
0.4 Georgia Rule wants to be a smart, funny movie about redemption and forgiveness, but none of the women in this film exhibited any of those noble qualities. Critic's rule: save your money on this one.
0.25 A lighthearted romp about sexual abuse, alcoholism, and familial angst, and, as if that weren't bad enough, the movie wants to be taken seriously.
0.7 While it has all the ingredients of bad chick flicks, this doesn't degenerate into total bathos, thanks to the electric Lohan. Without Lindsay, this would be a dud.
0.3 The most insensitive comedy ever about alcoholism or the softest drama ever about child molestation.
0.25 How bad is it for actresses in Hollywood? Well, three really good ones thought Georgia Rule was their best option.
0.5 With a different tone -- or in different hands -- its dark and light elements might have managed to coexist rather than vie so awkwardly for attention.
0.625 The American public likes nothing better than a tragedy with a happy ending, William Dean Howells observed. But Marshall so cautiously downplays the tragic elements of his plot that the sweetness and light left a sour taste in my mouth.
0.4 Well-acted, sometimes amusing but flat-out tone-deaf.
0.5 Opening with a raunchy but light comic tone, the story veers into queasy territory.
0.3 Director Garry Marshall's comedy-drama suffers from an unfortunate role reversal. The comedy is stunningly unfunny, while the drama is sometimes disturbingly funny.
0.6 Georgia Rule, directed by Garry Marshall from a script by Mark Andrus, swerves and spins, taking its predictable plot in some surprising directions.
0.5 Maybe Georgia Rule should be required viewing for Paris Hilton during her term in the slammer. But not for us.
0.25 A comedy about sexual abuse. Nice.
0.3 The tone is so inconsistent that the only effect it has is to confuse the audience.
0.625 Even when the lack of forward motion in the narrative shines through, Georgia Rule is worth watching for Lindsay Lohan alone.
0.25 If there was ever a film project that deserved sabotaging, this is it.
0.75 A far better, more absorbing melodrama than its titular conceit would have you expect.
0.4 With this film's top-notch acting ensemble, Georgia Rule has the sad taint of what might have been.
0.25 Garry Marshall has to be the most tone-deaf filmmaker at work today.
0.375 If you're able to ignore all the lameness around it, some of this is actually enjoyable in a so-wrong-it's-right, Showgirls-style way.
0.25 A messier-than-thou melodrama that's guaranteed to repel.
0.7 The film's blueness (in an X-rated sense) will turn some faces red, have the guys in the audience panting, and burn Lohan's name into the marquee.
0.25 So facile that it posits "I love you" as the quick-fix remedy for its characters' myriad, deeply rooted grievances.
0.5 Convoluted, contrived and cliche'-ridden, evoking Robert Frost's "Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in."
0.8 Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
1.0 Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
0.75 What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
1.0 Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
1.0 The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
0.8 Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
0.8 Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
0.5 ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
1.0 Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
1.0 Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
0.875 Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
1.0 Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
0.875 This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
1.0 Spirited Away is wonderful.
1.0 A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
1.0 Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
1.0 Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
0.8 I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
0.7 Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
0.875 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
1.0 It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
1.0 The wonders never stop.
1.0 One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
1.0 A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
1.0 Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
1.0 E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
0.9 I could hardly wait for the next plot twist or astonishing set piece, not to mention what visual magic Miyazaki still had up his sleeve (and he has plenty!).
0.4 Yes, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination, but it's also a failure of storytelling.
0.8 ...its visual style is remarkably beauteous and its creative touches abundantly imaginative.
0.8 Much of what makes the film work lies in the combination of its small touches and emotionalism, making it something more than a film for people who like to get stoned and go watch freaky animation (though it almost certainly works on that level, too).
1.0 I hate to gush in the first sentence of a review, but I absolutely love this film.
1.0 One of the greatest animated films ever made.
1.0 like a combination of 'The Wizard of Oz' and 'Alice in Wonderland' retold by a clever storyteller who incorporates his own details, twists and bits of humor into the plot.
0.7 Repeatedly reminded me of the later Oz books, with Chihiro's Dorothyesque role in a surreal and perilous fantasy land.
0.6 Taking a page from "Alice In Wonderland" seems to have helped.
0.875 It's weird, wonderful, and not necessarily for kids.
0.9 The imagery is rich, colorful and imaginative -- as you'd expect from Miyazaki.
1.0 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago.
0.6 It's a bloody shame that the anime film with the strongest theatrical push I can remember has to be this one.
0.4 Sorry, y'all -- I give up.
1.0 Prepare to be Spirited Away by this amazing animated film.
0.875 In scene after scene, Spirited Away unleashes so much wonder and visual imagination that you end up watching the movie in a state of rapturous, awestruck bliss.
1.0 It's perplexing but always enthralling.
1.0 A feast for lovers of animation.
1.0 Miyazaki ... conjures up worlds that are wondrously bizarre yet follow their own peculiar logic.
0.75 It's easy to get lost amid the flow, as characters transform and magical powers emerge and disappear without warning.
0.75 As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming.
1.0 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family.
0.875 Spirited Away is a wonderous tale for grade schoolers that never condescends or spoon feeds its themes. Miyazaki's characters and situations are so engaging that he can condemn greed and environmental negligence without ever sermonizing.
0.8 Genius and nothing but -- that's what Miyazaki means.
1.0 'Alice in Wonderland meets the East...taking full advantage of the complex powers of anime and its freedom to go wherever the mind can imagine.'
1.0 Visually imaginative, thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful, it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality.
0.8 That the story sometimes makes not a lick of sense is among its virtues, imparting as it does the exhilarating feeling that anything can happen.
1.0 A breathtakingly magical animated fable that lifts your spirits and carries you away to a world far beyond your wildest imagination.
1.0 At its heart and most importantly, Spirited Away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself.
0.875 The colors, textures, and settings are impressively beautiful, and the overall effect is mystical and magical, familiar and dreamlike.
0.75 There is a force of visual rapture in Spirited Away.
0.75 Children may not understand everything that happens -- I'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated, and undoubtedly delighted.
0.6 'Alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures.
0.9 A film not to miss.
0.8 The closest American counterpart to Spirited Away is Alice in Wonderland, but no analogy will fully prepare you.
1.0 An exquisitely formed, flawlessly executed masterwork...As sheerly imaginative and groundbreakingly wondrous as any animated motion picture you are sure to have seen.
1.0 To say that Miyazaki's intelligent, painstaking, hand-crafted anime is magical, dazzling and brilliant is an understatement - it's incomparable, ingenious and inventive -just watch for a win at Osca-time!
0.8 This is one heck of a movie, and one can see why it made all that money in Japan.
0.75 There's a sense of delicacy, and artfulness, in the tone and in the magic. The 10-year-olds who see this like to be scared, but they won't have nightmares days afterward.
0.875 Although anime features aren't all the rage in a majority of American movie theaters, Spirited Away should be a legitimate excuse to change this pending sentiment.
1.0 Steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal, the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance.
0.75 Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously.
0.8 Miyazaki seems to have an inexhaustible supply of ideas to fill the screen and to fill screen time.
0.8 The shape-shifting creatures might be a little too imaginative for traditional audiences to get their heads around.
0.875 Miyazaki has provided another triumph, and, in the midst of the quality fall-off of Disney's in-house animated projects, a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice.
1.0 Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode.
0.875 A smashing technical achievement coming out against greed, gluttony, and pre-adolescent whining.
0.8 It almost goes without saying that the animation is jaw dropping.
1.0 Even though Disney released this film, Spirited Away points up just how by-the-numbers the studio's fare can be.
1.0 Creating a rare story-world that follows a consistent logic yet allows for most anything to happen, Miyazaki again proves himself to be more genii than filmmaker.
0.8 Spirited Away is every bit as captivating for its sheer graphic power as it is for its message of go-get-'em-girl power.
0.875 Has the mythic quality and the familiarity of great children's literature.
1.0 Miyazaki, the master animator and director of the enchanting Kiki's Delivery Service and Princess Mononoke, leads us through the looking glass as never before in Spirited Away.
1.0 An animation landmark as monumental as Disney's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
0.75 A lovely, evocative tour de force.
0.9 Spirited Away is one of the most richly imaginative and visually spectacular films you will see this year.
1.0 This is one of the year's best films.
0.8 Hayao Miyazaki may be one of Japan's leading animators, but in his new film, Miyazaki's Spirited Away, he also envelops you in a wondrous landscape of archetypal magic.
0.75 Spirited Away delivers chunks of Yellow Submarine and The Phantom Tollbooth -- a vividly timeless oddity suitable for many children and most stoners.
1.0 Hayao Miyazaki's breathtakingly beautiful and poetic Spirited Away -- a Japanese cross between Alice in Wonderland and The Wizard of Oz -- is such a landmark in animation that labeling it a masterpiece almost seems inadequate.
0.75 Spirited Away is too intense for the youngest viewers, but teenagers will enjoy it -- an ill-smelling 'stink-god' character is almost worthy of a Kevin Smith gross-out movie -- and grown-ups should find it diverting, if not exactly deep.
0.875 Spirited Away has the quality of a dream: It takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along.
1.0 The film is not recommended for toddlers and easily frightened little tykes. But for everyone else, kid or grown-up, this thrilling foray into magical realms is a must.
1.0 A haunting and indelible fable that warms the chilly soul of Japanese anime and points the way for its American sponsor.
1.0 Writing about a film like Spirited Away isn't about regurgitating information out for those who know little about it, but more of an experience in reminiscing.
0.7 A must-see for Japanamation fans, anyone familiar with Japanese folklore, or anyone sick of the boring stories that typically accompany American animation.
1.0 Every scene brings a new set of wonders to delight and sometimes stagger the mind
0.875 This instant classic spins a web that will snare anyone with an imagination.
1.0 A work of beauty with a surprising capacity to be cute and cunning.
0.875 A movie full of bewitching images and timeless fun and beauty.
0.875 It's a beautiful experience, nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score.
0.6 An epic film of very bizarre proportions... kinda like a Japanese acid trip, but without the drugs.
1.0 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year.
1.0 When animators go to animator heaven, they will probably view drawings of the caliber of those in Sprited Away.
0.6 It's easy to give this one credit for the mind-blowing creativity, but I can't recommend this to anyone who's not already a fan of Miyazaki or mind-expanding drugs...it's just not going to translate.
0.875 Plot here takes a backseat to set pieces that flow into each other like a glorious stream of consciousness.
1.0 Even the worst Miyazaki picture is a remarkable achievement, and Spirited Away is one of his better films.
0.5 You can't manufacture honest sentiment.... So, I'd have to call the movie a noble miss.
0.2 The film felt very anti-climatic to me for some reason.
0.6 Where the film's ambitions crumble is in its avowed refusal to make its audience too uncomfortable.
0.75 Things We Lost in the Fire sounds like a made-for-Lifetime weeper. But two superlative performances means "Fire" is anything but a by-the-book drama.
0.76 Less than profound, but consistently honest, Things We Lost in the Fire is neither triumphant nor great, but it is meaningful.
0.625 ...never entirely comes off as the searing, hard-to-watch drama it's presumably supposed to be.
0.4 "Things We Lost In The Fire" is an overlong downer that crumbles under the relentless strain of anger and grief.
0.875 In an unusual season with so many films are aimed at adults Things We Lost may be the most mature of the lot.
0.875 A sobering and intimate look at how we handle loss, "Things We Lost in the Fire" is owned by the performance of Benicio del Toro.
0.4 Benicio is the heroine addict with a heart of gold!
0.5 The first time you stare into Halle Berry's iris, it's interesting; by the fifth and sixth time it's exasperating.
0.8 Story of death and redemption too much for kids.
0.875 Berry gives a riveting performance, but as a deeply decent man trapped in a hell of his own making, Del Toro gives the kind of career performance Berry gave in Monster's Ball.
0.7 Danish director Bier focuses on themes and relationships in what's otherwise a rather contrived melodrama.
0.5 A lovable heroin addict helps a widow and her children cope with loss... Obvious and unconvincing...
0.6 ...raw and anguished performances...
0.8 Susanne Bier's first English-language film is a superbly written, powerfully emotional drama with terrific, Oscar-worthy performances from Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro.
0.75 Del Toro's face can be a map of emotions, and he's allowed to unfold it freely.
0.75 A shimmering example of just how good Benicio Del Toro has become, as well as how bad Halle Berry has pretty much always been.
0.6 The most remarkable thing about Things We Lost in the Fire is the fact that Susanne Bier came all the way from Denmark to make this movie.
0.75 Look for Benicio Del Toro's name next to my friend Hal Holbrook and (hopefully) Max Von Sydow when the Best Supporting Actor names are listed.
0.84 ...plays like Inarritu Lite, which means it's not terrible, but it does pretend to a substance it doesn't in fact deliver.
0.25 Excuse me, but wasn't this soap opera supposed to be about Halle's grieving character's loss of a husband, not about her worrying about losing her looks? It doesn't get any more shallow than this.
0.625 ...a muddled story that features an outstanding performance by Del Toro ...wrapped up in pretentious storytelling.
0.6 Only the acting is remarkable in this agonizingly morose, tedious melodrama that unfolds at the pace of a death march.
0.5 This story never quite transcends the melodrama because the characters don't grow or change... they just stay mired in the muck of their soap opera existence.
0.75 The movie is an engrossing melodrama, and it has its heart in the right place.
0.75 Surprisingly, this insightful tearjerker is padded with expressive layers well beyond the average made-for-television sentiments because of the penetrating performances.
0.8 [Benicio Del Toro's] managed to top even himself; this most recent performance is right up there with the best screen turns, not just of his generation but of all time.
0.75 Its deliberate pacing may put some viewers off, as will the bleakness of the subject matter, but it's worth seeing, mostly to soak up the complex shades of Del Toro's performance.
0.875 Bier, a veteran of the Danish Dogme95 collective that demanded raw authenticity over artificial gloss, brings an honest, distinctly European feel to the melodrama. Could this mean a new direction for popular American movies? Let's hope so.
0.625 If this were a Susanne Bier film made on her home turf we'd feel a lot more wrung out by the movie's end. Instead we're just worn out.
0.625 Should you go? Yes, mostly because Del Toro is electrifying.
0.75 A wistful and often lovely film.
0.875 [Director] Bier knows the difference between drama and melodrama.
0.625 It's a soaper about a doper and a classy widow. Keep that in mind, even if you give way to seduction.
0.4 Del Toro delivers another powerfully simple and effective performance. Berry is fine but her character just doesn't add up, perhaps inevitable in a movie that seems to have been lost somewhere in translation.
0.75 Watching Del Toro bring glimmers of intelligence and kindness to his character's messed-up surface makes the audience want to stick with him through the movie.
0.75 A movie about loss and mourning and bottomless sadness. But its very production is, on another level, a reason to celebrate.
0.375 This movie is the most irritating example yet of how both film and TV have taken to shooting even the phoniest, soapiest stories with that drunken, shaky, ultra- close-up camerawork that says, 'Hey, look at us! We're being all documentaryish!'
0.75 It is a testament to how well the movie is made that even the most hardened viewer might find himself tearing up at moments -- and you won't have to hate yourself in the morning.
0.8 Though it is erratic and can come off as manufactured, this film has the gift of gathering strength as it goes on. It harnesses the talents of stars Halle Berry and Benicio Del Toro in ways that ultimately make us sit up and take notice.
1.0 [Director] Bier steers clear of Hollywood formula. Her low-key, natural style comes by its drama honestly, with little manipulation and lots of character development.
0.8 Simply put, do not go to this film if you are looking for a romantic comedy or a routine drama. Things We Lost in the Fire offers no such escapism. Instead, even in a fiction, it brings us face to face with the demons of life.
0.625 Apart from the mobile camera and a moderately challenging time-jumping script, this is weepy women's cable-television fare of the tears-and-cuddles variety.
0.75 Though it flirts with melodrama to the tipping point, the movie, like the characters played by Berry and her costar Benicio Del Toro, ultimately makes connections too honest, hopeful and human to induce guilt on the part of any open-hearted moviegoer.
0.75 Yields more satisfaction than complaints.
0.625 [Benicio Del Toro's] is the only character with human flaws, and in a movie perfect people tend to be boring.
0.5 Overwrought indies aren't typically my thing and this achingly angsty melodrama does little to alter my thinking.
0.9 An emotionally-draining yet uplifting film about grief and redemption that should put Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier on America's radar.
0.4 As yet another example of a gifted foreign filmmaker...fudging up their reputation by traveling over to Tinsel Town for some Western promise, Things We Lost in the Fire is Lifetime lite cinema masquerading as actual A-list excellence.
0.5 A movie that, despite its fine acting, has the emotional impact of a general anesthetic.
0.625 Lacks the urgency of [director Bier's] Danish films.
0.6 However, there is one element to "Things We Lost In the Fire" that does work spectacularly well and that is the central performance by Benicio Del Toro.
0.75 Benicio Del Toro is so natural and captivating you will be amazed, but Halle Berry gets the overwrought stuff.
0.5 With all the characters busily turning their lemons into lemonade, this film risks little and demands nothing from the viewer save tears of empathy.
0.6 Complicated and raw
0.75 Beautifully shot.
0.75 Just watching Del Toro's eyes provides an emotional fire Allan Loeb's script can't hope to match.
0.8 A deeply emotional film that gives us a deeper respect for those trying to recover from the loss of a loved one or enslavement to an addiction.
0.6 A good grief movie is supposed to leave you feeling like crap but, Things We Lost in the Fire ended up making me laugh.
0.5 Light on plot, which wouldn't be a problem if the mildly rote characters held more depth than they do.
0.7 A rare tragic drama that doesn't let its characters off easy, but doesn't unreasonably punish them either.
0.0 Maudlin, mawkish, unintentionally hilarious, and utterly devoid of human emotion. The word I'm searching for, I guess, is "alien."
0.625 [Director] Bier is graceful, observant of small details, but her efforts to mine a greater meaning through the camera than Loeb has put on the page is a fruitless endeavor.
0.6 Evolves as a story of sadness from the outside looking in, rather than a vivid depiction of hearts finding ways to become unbroken.
0.75 Is there another face in the movies as endlessly fascinating as Benicio Del Toro's?
0.875 Things We Lost in the Fire deals frankly and openly with the wounds -- some obvious, some not so obvious -- that are left by the tragic, untimely loss of a loved one. At times, the film is unsparing.
0.75 Consistently well-acted and, for a studio picture, pretty sharp on the subject of addiction and recovery and relapse.
0.5 [Director] Bier's meditation on guilt, redemption, coping and addiction feels so much like old hat that it doesn't carry the weight to which it aspires.
0.7 In a case of cathartic mutual therapy, Berry once again knocks me out with the depth of her talent and the perfection of her beauty.
0.7 Previous films such as "Gunners Palace" and the more famous "War Tapes" gave us intimate footage of the day to day danger and tedium of the war, but no film has shown both sides with the power and accuracy of "Battle for Haditha"
0.625 Lacking in subtlety and nuance, Broomfield's nerve-jangling movie nonetheless succeeds in showing the war from various vantage points. And from wherever one's standing, the view is profoundly disturbing.
0.75 Broomfield very effectively balances these storylines with superb cutting.
0.75 Remember when your mother warned that playing video games would desensitize you to violence? Now witness Exhibit A: a docudrama showcasing Generation Kill's all volunteer army in all its glory.
0.7 There's a size and scope to the film we haven't seen in Broomfield's prior work that shows him capable of creating a piece of cinema on par with Michael Winterbottom's films.
0.4 I can't begin to describe how creepy this futuristic movie is.
0.5 If Broomfield hoped to shed some light on what happened at Haditha beyond our worst preconceptions, he's failed.
0.6 In Battle for Haditha the British filmmaker Nick Broomfield revisits a wretched chapter of the war in Iraq.
0.25 This film by Nick Broomfield, which superficially resembles Brian De Palma's Redacted in that it is a mockumentary based on real, horrible events, is a 90-minute libel against the Marine Corps.
0.3 Amounts to overkill and leaves no room for interpretation or analysis.
0.8 the most sustained and unshakable narrative film to investigate the occupation of Iraq
0.5 Looking at Nick Broomfield's filmography and seeing three decades of documentaries, you'd think that by now he would be more aware of the fallacies of cinematic objectivity.
0.8 The most apolitical film yet made about the conflict...showcasing villainy on every side, but nobility and sometimes heroism as well.
0.25 ...this could've been a searing documentary...
0.75 A heart-warming, mother-daughter drama that's also a ghost story.
0.75 What this movie is about, and where it succeeds best, is the primordial level of fear.
1.0 Quite simply, Jaws is a masterclass in blockbuster entertainment -- a tense, exciting thriller that redefined contemporary cinema. They don't make them like this anymore.
1.0 John Williams's Oscar-winning music and the excellent performances of Roy Scheider and Richard Dreyfuss add to the ingeniously mounted tension that cleverly plays on all our deepest primeval fears.
1.0 Spielberg knows exactly how the human mind works, and he uses that knowledge to plumb the elemental fear buried deep within.
0.625 ...the movie's justifiably legendary opening [paves] the way for an engrossing first act that's heightened by both Scheider's magnetic performance and the inclusion of several unbearably tense interludes.
1.0 Spielberg fashioned an instant classic whose success owes as much to his superb orchestration as to the substantial jolts and knockout performances by Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw and Richard Dreyfuss.
0.9 Before we see anything, our ears are chilled by composer John Williams' menacing two note soundtrack which then builds into that unforgettable frenzy as the unseen shark savages its first victim.
1.0 Jaws retains its power to enthrall and shock at the same time.
0.9 It remains an influence on the modern blockbuster, and is one of its best examples.
1.0 This is a suspense classic that leaves teeth-marks.
1.0 Jaws is a perfect blend of set-pieces and story, its formula so hard to capture it's now near-mythical - filmmakers have been chasing it like Ahab chasing Moby Dick ever since.
1.0 The aquatic terror is deftly balanced with lively, likeable characterisations.
1.0 Forget Saving Private Ryan, and Schindler's List. This is Spielberg's masterwork.
1.0 One of the absolute masterpieces of populist cinema.
1.0 Five-star movie could scare the pants off kids.
1.0 Spielberg has directed a film which contains many unforgettable and suspenseful moments. That Jaws was only his second feature film says something about the talent and ingenuity the man possessed even at such an early stage in his career.
1.0 To be brief and to the point, the GREATEST FILM EVER MADE! Thank you for your time.
1.0 A looming, terrifying catch of the day.
1.0 A classic. Tense, engrossing, scary and, subsequently, endlessly influential.
1.0 Like all the best suspense films, "Jaws" manages to somehow remain amazingly tense, even if you've seen the film before. No wonder so many moviegoers went back for repeat viewings.
1.0 It's no wonder a generation of holidaymakers still thinks twice before stepping into the water.
1.0 A masterpiece.
1.0 Nowadays, it doesn't really scare me anymore, but I love watching it for the way it moves.
1.0 One of the greatest horror films made. The opening sequence is not only a classic, it's still frightening nearly three decades after it was made.
1.0 It just might be one of the very best movies ever made.
1.0 When it comes to this kind of thriller, no movie has been able to top Jaws, although many have tried. And, as the years go by, it seems increasingly unlikely that anything will come close.
0.9 I loved the film more this time than I had the first time I watched it.
0.85 Director Steven Spielberg has constructed a chillingly frightening film.
1.0 One of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of Hollywood.
1.0 An astonishingly effective thriller built on a very primal level: fear.
0.9 It was the beast that launched a thousand monster movies.
1.0 A film that sealed Steven Spielberg's talent as a master entertainer.
1.0 One of the most effective thrillers ever made.
1.0 Well, it's about this shark...
1.0 ...a classic, action-adventure monster movie, maybe the best ever made. (Blu-ray edition)
0.9 One of those rare films that really deserved its commercial success and its place among the best films of all times.
1.0 One of the best American films of the 1980s.
1.0 The look of the film is absolutely gorgeous.
0.625 Except for the Mozart music and Tharp movements around the edges, Amadeus plays like a monument to mediocrity.
1.0 The performance of Abraham, who won the Best Actor Oscar for it, is monumental, and so is Forman's direction.
1.0 Amadeus is simply one of the finest biographical dramas ever made.
0.875 The subject of artistic creation is typically handled badly in the movies.... [Amadeus] treats the subject of creativity in a fresh way.
1.0 Milos Forman's opulent drama is sheer quality.
0.8 Great movie, but not quite true to history.
1.0 A witty and highly imaginative historical fiction, well adapted by screenwriter Peter Shaffer from his own hit play. [Blu-ray]
1.0 ...if the director, the producer, and the writer approved of the added scenes, I'm not going to complain. One way or the other, Amadeus remains a great film.
0.8 When Amadeus deals with the music -- and with the theme of greater and lesser talents in conflict -- it frequently justifies its reputation.
1.0 [A] grandiose masterpiece.
1.0 Such a wonderful mix of sight and sound, of humor and drama, of love and hate, of ugliness and beauty.
1.0 Two amazing performances cap a stellar work of musical imagination and creative artistry.
1.0 Amadeus is a masterful combination of acting and storytelling, of sight and sound.
0.6 Director Milos Forman ... gives Tom Hulce free reign to portray the world's most sublime composer as a drunken, selfish fool giggling his way into the ears of Vienna.
0.81 A clever and majestic hybrid of art house fare and middle brow entertainment.
0.5 A bit overdone and overblown, the movie could have easily had a half-hour cut out of it, and no one would have noticed.
1.0 It is arguably the best motion picture ever made about the process of creation and the creator.
1.0 Terrific entertainment
1.0 More than a portrait of Mozart: a brilliant examination of the creative impulse and a subtle satire of man's limitations.
1.0 Hulce's goofy performance is pretty fun to watch in and of itself. He is out for sheer partying and joy like the hardest living Rock Star, a dandy fop with a silly laugh and an ego to match.
1.0 Remarkable fictional account of Mozart's life. One of the best films of its decade.
1.0 This 'special edition' of Amadeus proves that Abraham's Oscar triumph was no fluke.
1.0 Reminds us that movies can be lyrical as well as vulgar, ambitious as well as playful, brilliant as well as down and dirty -- just like Amadeus himself.
0.75 The urge to revisit old successes in an attempt to "improve" upon them is a risky venture at best.
1.0 The story is utterly devastating, but it is lifted and made accessible by the combination of cinematic ingenuity and astonishingly real performances.
1.0 Uma obra de arte realmente a altura do homem que a inspirou.
1.0 In a film of grand gestures, some of the finest moments are very subtle.
1.0 A gloriously colorful confection of music, theater and emotion.
0.875 It captures the smack and wit of Peter Shaffer's stage play.
0.8 Boy, what a movie.
0.875 Most costume epics come complete with a deadly seriousness, a dreary self-importance that demands respect but doesn't earn any love. Amadeus turns that notion on its side and introduces fresh air back into the stuffiness.
1.0 One of those magical and rare films with a nearly perfect mixture of beautiful writing, glorious music, elegant cinematography, remarkable acting, dazzling art direction, and an engrossing story.
0.8 Like the composers the film so wondrously depicts, Amadeus: Director's Cut is a divine work in need of a little earthly restraint.
0.75 In any incarnation, Amadeus is beautiful to behold.
0.75 The principal additions ... are more Amadeus, but not better.
1.0 Even a longer Amadeus feels and looks just right.
1.0 Still a work of consummate artistry and craftsmanship.
0.75 Still overwhelms and entertains with the best of them.
1.0 Still the most wonderful movie on the subject of music ever made and the best film I've ever seen.
1.0 Don't miss a chance to see and hear it on the big screen.
1.0 Teens will be interested to learn that this movie was written by a man whose twin brother was for a time the more commercially successful of the two, both playwrights, which surely influenced his choice of subject and his approach.
1.0 Watching Amadeus is like listening to Mozart: it is a horrible beauty beyond words.
1.0 Entering its third decade, but has lost none of its power to awe.
1.0 Amadeus is a must for any music lover, any film lover, or anyone who reveres excellence.
0.9 The magnificent, passionate music alone makes it worth watching. The layered story and complex, deeply wounded characters make it worth revisiting again and again.
0.8 Glossy romance as an angel falls for a surgeon.
0.75 The movie's eerie, slightly menacing vision of black-clad angels lurking in the shadowy corners of unsuspecting lives is genuinely haunting.
0.75 As a remake it's not as poetic as Wenders' masterpiece Wings of Desire, but it's supremely mounted (by ace lenser John Seale) and contains touching performances from Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan deviating from their respective screen images.
0.4 Superb imagery can't compensate for deficiencies of Dana Steven's script and can't hide the formulaic nature of this film.
0.4 This useless remake lacks the sheer ethereal beauty of the original Wings of Desire.
0.375 A thinking person's film for those who can't think.
0.9 A beautiful film in many ways.
0.75 Marries romance and faith in a love story as charming as a handmade valentine. It is so lovely to look at and so sincere in intent that its flaws don't matter much.
0.75 My face had been locked in that goofy, awestruck expression you experience only in Spielberg movies. City of Angels demonstrates the best kind of emotionally manipulative filmmaking.
1.0 Uma pequena perola que faz jus ao filme no qual foi inspirada.
0.75 A lovely oddity.
1.0 Una de esas que gustan cada vez mas, a medida que se ve y se vuelve a ver.
0.875 Not a typical Hollywood movie. It is beautifully filmed in lush colors by cinematographer John Seale, whose sweeping aerial shots and golden lighting make Los Angeles into an almost unrecognizable new world.
0.6 It manages to leave a pleasant afterglow for those in the mood for its kind of loving.
0.8 Cage, Ryan and Franz are all quite good in their roles. The love story between Seth and Maggie is low-key, but it works.
0.625 The monotonic and glacially paced story eventually comes to its completely predictable and highly manipulative ending.
0.625 Standard-issue Hollywood romantic fantasy.
0.5 My idea for a tagline for this film: 'You will believe that an angel can have a boner.'
0.3 Slow, boring, and long in running time.
0.5 [Director Silberling] attempted to make a movie of pure sentiment, but whenever he seems to strike a genuine chord -- and he's clearly capable of touching the viewer -- he pushes it too far and it turns sappy.
0.4 The emphasis in City of Angels is more on simple romance than lofty questions of eternity.
0.4 Needless Hollywood dumbing-down of Wim Wenders.
0.625 The film struggles to grasp some important topics...but the film has never attained the weight needed to deal with anything of substance.
0.75 As angel movies go, this is one of the better ones, not least because Meg Ryan is so sunny and persuasive as a heart surgeon who falls in love with an angel.
0.8 The movie has some good issues to raise about choices and destiny and intimacy and the importance of smelling the roses.
0.79 A romance and a tear-jerker, but what might have come off as simply maudlin, instead shines brightly with the fine acting of Meg Ryan and Nicolas Cage.
0.6 A little too heavy on the melodrama to really succeed as a great love story, this still has good performances from both stars and some heavenly moments.
0.75 Surprisingly well-executed.
0.875 Manages to update [Wings of Desire] so that the freshness and passion still exist within the characters and the story. It is a triumph of conception, camera movements, and emotional feelings.
0.75 A powerful, somber and highly intellectual picture, it is not even remotely the kind of thing one would expect to a Hollywood studio to mold into a star vehicle.
0.75 City of Angels is more romantic than profound, but Dana Stevens' script is thoughtful and intelligent, and I never felt insulted by what the characters say, do, or think.
0.8 An old-style Hollywood love story, a multi-hanky weeper.
0.3 Awash in angelic choruses and panoramic scenery, the movie aspires toward a solemnity that Dana Stevens's prosaic psychobabbling screenplay cannot support.
0.3 Glossy but with no heart, City of Angels is a smooth, unchallenging bit of fluff, about as romantic as a Hallmark card.
0.5 Packed with too many storylines, this drama feels like a zoo indeed.
0.6 A muddled focus keeps We Bought a Zoo from being a guaranteed hit with kids or a captivating adult drama but there are enough compelling moments to make it worthwhile.
0.45 In short, We Bought a Zoo is all bore and no roar, and while it's certainly not the worst of Crowe's career, it's far from earning its stripes as a worthy successor to his earlier films.
0.8 Might be a stereotypical 'family movie,' but it's still a good one.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 The film is a button-pusher, but it is so in the nicest way possible.
0.7 A few more animal encounters and fewer grief sessions would have been nice, but it's still a solid family film.
0.625 It's something of a sweet-natured slog, peppered, as all of Crowe's films are, peppered with the pop music the former pop music journalist loves.
0.6 It unfolds like military assault on the tear ducts. Don't know when to cry? Here comes Sigur Ros' Jonsi with an evocative sonic swoop to help you on your way.
0.4 A mushy metaphor for what it takes to bring a "Cameron Crowe movie" to the big screen.
0.5 The shameless manipulation on display here makes one wonder where Cameron Crowe's talent has gone.
0.6 You have to admire the thoroughness with which We Bought a Zoo - which is the film Disney would make if they still knew how - caters to the whole family.
0.6 Superficially very charming, this lacks depth but is still a pleasant and moving distraction.
0.8 For all the movie's cute kids and sentimentality, [Damon] is the warm-hearted and convincing heart of this uplifting flick.
0.6 It's an easy-going, likable film.
0.6 [A] cute comedy drama inspired by a true story.
0.6 I always look forward to watching director Cameron Crowe's films or should I say listen to his superior soundtracks. For this former Rolling Stone journalist, music and movies were simply born to run.
0.2 The film lost me at "hallo".
0.6 The movie is pretty, sticky, thoroughly innocuous, and quite nice.
0.8 You can literally see Bourne star Matt Damon enjoying himself at the centre of this heartwarming family movie - and it will make all the difference to your appreciation of it, too.
0.6 A warm, Sunday-afternoon-in-the-park type of movie, if that's your thing.
0.6 It's engaging enough to keep us watching, but never finds any real focus.
0.8 The picture may be too wholesome and twee for fans' of the director's edgier work like Almost Famous but it deserves to be a big hit with families.
0.6 It isn't the wildest safari you'll ever go on, but it has plenty of attractions to offer less cynical visitors.
0.6 Nicely written and featuring a great soundtrack, this is an unashamedly feel-good drama with terrific performances from a superb cast.
0.6 Crowe, to his credit, is more concerned with insights about family than romance - and some of these are heart-on-sleeve touching if you've got a sweet tooth for the stickier stuff.
0.6 Despite Crowe's integrity and lightness of touch doesn't deliver the emotional experience of, say, Jerry Maguire or Almost Famous. Still, it is good to have the righteous dude back.
0.5 Directed by the Norman Rockwell of the classic-rock set, Cameron Crowe, this overdetermined and painfully protracted movie needs more animals and less bathos ('Their happy's too loud,' the sad/wise little girl complains about some partying neighbors).
0.6 It's slight, sure, and there's a better, less-glossy film buried in the material, but warm performances redeem Crowe's agreeable return.
0.75 Crowe simply remembers how to make a sweet story. He allows his huge heart to prevail in a moving coda that, while manipulative, helped me buy into this sentimental tone poem to simple destiny.
0.76 ... the sort of slovenly assembled, paint-by-numbers time waster that doesn't even seem able to hold the director's attention.
0.5 The soundtrack's FM '70s rock classics seem like leftovers from one of Crowe's other movies...or maybe one of his Rolling Stone cover stories.
1.0 We Bought a Zoo," based on a true story, is an outstanding show that could, and should, bring in herds of viewers. It centers on a man who really did buy a zoo with 200 animals, on his children and on the staff that became their second family.
0.75 There's an endearing, almost Fitzcarraldo-like irrational obsession to his character that keeps you from rolling your eyes as he continues his silly quest to indulge his ego.
0.5 The movie has animals, kids and fine acting from Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson, but it lacks the emotional honesty and unpredictability that made Crowe's early films so irresistible.
0.625 There are some sins of overt manipulation here, but in large part due to Matt Damon's ability to make his character's grief real, the movie ultimately succeeds.
0.8 Family film tackles grief with humor and deep empathy.
0.6 For the holidays it does come packaged very well and kids will love the idea of living in the backyard of a zoo, but for some adults it misses the mark.
0.8 Matt Damon is at his most relatable best in a film that has heart, drama and passion
0.75 Zoo is contrived but sweet.
0.625 The picture annoys you, but it also wrings happy tears, because Crowe pulls at your heartstrings in crafty ways.
0.7 Affectionate and amusing, it's uplifting, feel-good family entertainment.
0.375 Clearly, Crowe doesn't trust the audience to make it from Point A to Point B without stumbling or getting lost.
0.5 Minus the corn, it's almost good.
0.7 Writer-director Cameron Crowe manages to take what could have been a maudlin disaster and turn it into a workable film.
0.7 Matt Damon, a master of the ordinary, can create a rounded, convincing and utterly engaging character out of just about anyone, Benjamin Mee included.
0.75 Crowe seems to be making baby steps into new territory, both stylistically and emotionally.
0.6 A sweet-natured tale about animals and new beginnings that you'll want to see with your kids.
0.625 A professional actor in the best sense, always credibly grounded, Damon is much better than the material, and so is Colin Ford who plays the troubled son.
0.625 Without Crowe's laid-back approach and Damon's anchoring performance, We Bought a Zoo could have been a sappy disaster.
0.75 Consider it a fine sign of emotional discipline that the movie doesn't overplay Kelly and Ben's romantic possibilites.
0.5 So few films this holiday season can truly be labeled "family film." We Bought a Zoo is one. Sadly, many films wear the label of "boring." We Bought a Zoo is one of them.
0.75 The tigers are cool, the monkeys are cute, but deep down, Crowe is more interested in the characters. And so are we.
0.625 These are ideas from old movies, and presented without any of the conviction those pictures used to give them.
0.375 Let me begin by saying something nice about Cameron Crowe&rsquo;s We Bought a Zoo: kids will probably like it. Okay, that&rsquo;s all I&rsquo;ve got.
0.7 You're very aware of its imperfections, but ultimately find it easy to like.
1.0 The end result is a film that is pretty much a total delight from top to bottom and even if you don't think that it is the kind that you might normally go for, it turns out that it really is.
0.3 I wish never again to see, and that means forever, a movie sold with billboards depicting cuddly animals, whether they're zebras or tigers or golden retriever puppies, with big red bows wrapped around their heads.
0.75 "We Bought a Zoo" provides a welcome seasonal dash of wholesomeness and humor, but it's also a heartening celebration of second acts, even at their most unwelcome.
0.75 Heartwarming holiday fare that even jaded adults can share with the kids.
1.0 Sure, some if it may be a bit too cute for words, but the smile on your face will overcome the feelings of Bah Humbug that might be trying to sneak out of you.
0.5 If you're looking for something the whole family can watch, this is fine. If you're an adult wondering if you need to see it, the answer is no.
0.625 Sporadically tests one's sugar endurance, but there's no disputing its sincerity.
0.625 Veers too much and too often into the realm of palpable manipulation.
0.75 The film is sweet. Its observations of life in the aftermath of death ring true, especially for anyone who's traveled the contours of mourning.
0.375 "We Bought a Zoo" is as phony as a Kardashian marriage.
0.6 The creaks, groans and cliches of the screenplay ... are ... finally outstripped by the attractiveness of the performers, those with two legs and more, and especially by the tenderness that Mr. Damon brings to his role.
0.625 The filmmakers insufficiently stir the lumpy metaphors, chief among them that for animals, as for humans, there is a difference between cages and enclosures.
0.6 While not quite Crowe at his absolute best, it carries his humanistic imprint and benefits from a strong acting ensemble that keep emotions in check.
0.5 By trying too hard to stay on this side of hip and the other side of sentimental, Crowe winds up with a zoo that's neither fish nor fowl.
0.75 What saves the movie is that Crowe isn't afraid of emotion. He's always willing to follow surprising new developments to see how they make his characters feel, and the result of that is almost always entertaining.
0.5 "We Bought a Zoo'' is a sweet-natured, terribly unthreatening drama about redemption and renewal, and it may matter more to the man who made it than the audiences who see it.
0.75 It's reassuring, a little square, and you sense that Crowe, now a father and family man, is reaching out to a new, younger audience.
0.4 The moment in any family film when dignity goes out the window is an animal reaction shot.
0.75 People are feeling sorry for Matt Damon, but this isn't the embarrassing disaster you might fear.
0.75 It's about taking a complete leap of faith toward life-altering changes, a running theme in all the director's movies.
0.7 Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo" is an undeniably manipulative crowd-pleaser but there's something about being manipulated in such an expert manner that makes the tugging on the heartstrings easier to take.
0.55 This isn't just an exercise in mawkishness, though it's also nowhere near as emotionally resonant as it strives to be.
0.5 By the time young Rosie exclaims "We bought a zoo!" for what feels like the umpteenth time, even altruistic idealists will find their inner cynics chucking incredulously.
0.75 There's a lot of fun waiting at We Bought a Zoo, but it's the feelings that run through every scene that'll make you glad you came.
0.625 The sentence 'You may not leave until you get a tear in your eye!' may as well appear on the screen. And yet the PG-rated film connected with me, schmaltz and all.
0.6 We Bought a Zoo has its charms. It also has a lot to live up to -- and misses the mark.
0.625 Damon, thank the family-friendly-movie gods, really knows how to hold his head above the corn.
0.625 The result is too much formula and not enough human interest.
0.625 An average movie that's clearly been crafted to bring holiday families together over the popcorn machine.
0.6 Crowe's greatest strength is in taking these potentially cloying elements and making them feel human and comforting rather than contrived and sappy.
0.75 The general sense of blandness and predictability that marks the story's progression does not damage its emotional strengths. We feel for these characters and, because we care about them, we yearn for the highs the film ultimately delivers.
0.9 This is a sweet, funny, unapologetically sentimental film.
0.8 Proves again that Damon can elevate just about anything in which he appears.
0.6 Cameron Crowe returns from movie exile with We Bought a Zoo, a sweet and sentimental ode to new beginnings that features a charming performance from Matt Damon.
0.75 The performances are sincere and Mr. Damon actually seems to be having a ball, giving one of the best and most mature performances of his career.
0.6 Too much of the movie feels predestined---down to the rainstorm on opening day---and subplots involving budding romance end up forcing what's implicit.
0.6 Captive humans and exotic animals are an odd mix in mushy melodrama.
0.6 If you had hoped writer-director Cameron Crowe would return from his six-year hiatus having shed the demons of Elizabethtown, well, I've got some bad news for you... It seems you just can't reason with an unflinching optimist.
0.6 All emotional shortcuts and vaguely defined characters, held together more than it deserves by [Matt] Damon's admirable star turn.
0.625 This is the first feature from Crowe since the heavy-handed, overly quirky "Elizabethtown," and while it's not a complete return to form, it's close enough.
0.6 We Bought a Zoo drops the cynicism, wears its heart on its sleeve and doesn't mind laying it on thick in an effort to move you. Which it does-whether you like it or not.
0.7 ...where We Bought A Zoo earns its stripes is in the process of getting all of its characters to relate to and accept each other.
0.4 There's an audience for such lazy sentimentality, which means Crowe's half-hearted attempt to revive his career might actually succeed.
1.0 An emotionally literate film about a grieving family trying to jump-start their lives again by running a small zoo for animals.
0.25 Cliches and contrivances and corniness, oh my! With We Bought a Zoo, writer-director Cameron Crowe dives headfirst into the schmaltzy slop barrel.
0.4 Cameron Crowe won't suffer another total commercial and critical flameout, but this is no return to form.
0.7 If Crowe's films radiate one thing, it's kindness, which is something not a lot of filmmakers can claim.
0.75 Crowe finds just the right blend of easy crowd-pleasing moments while maintaining the strong sense of drama and character dynamics in which he excels.
0.75 Runs a little long, but it will warm your heart.
0.4 A thrill-less thriller. Too violent for kids.
0.625 There is a critical void in the middle--the villain.
0.6 Em nenhum momento o espectador fica grudado a cadeira, em panico pelo que pode acontecer dali a alguns minutos.
0.5 Even those engrossed by the build-up here are likely to kiss off the rest after suffering through Girls' groaner of a wrap-up.
1.0 ...haunted by the gap between human yearning and ultimate understanding.
0.9 At least close to being a great film. It's a film that lingers in the mind -- not in the least because it's so open to interpretation.
0.86 The few insecurities in the filmmaking, which stick out in contrast to his Russian works, are easily overlooked by how masterful other scenes are and the impressiveness of the imagery.
0.8 Invaluable pointers on narrative patience, spiritual yearning and technical finesse.
1.0 Brilliant and audacious, with one of the most extraordinary final sequences in modern cinema.
0.9 A fitting epitaph for a great artist. Every frame could be hung on a wall, the script is supremely thoughtful and the performances are universally excellent.
1.0 A difficult film - slow-paced, unashamedly theatrical and heavily laden with philosophy - yet a profoundly satifying one: a rewarding display of filmmaking mastery that forms a mystical and enigmatic coda to a legendary career.
1.0 For all its Swedish trimmings, the long, syrup-slow takes are unmistakably Tarkovsky's, and it's these that provide this arthouse disaster movie with its mesmerising power.
0.8 As involving and intellectually rich as all Tarkovsky's work.
0.8 The Sacrifice is a stunningly beautiful film that holds your attention even while you feel slightly stunned, in a less welcome way, by what is actually going on.
0.6 True film devotees will appreciate the mystery and the spiritual allusiveness of The Sacrifice.
0.8 Certainly makes demands on one's patience, but Tarkovsky is always worth the work.
0.8 It is a poetic vision, filled with the symbolism peculiar to Tarkovsky's imagination. It is also a visually stunning, hauntingly beautiful, brilliant piece of art.
1.0 The Sacrifice, famed Russian director Andrei (Solaris) Tarkovsky's last film, is a pondering, intense, obscure film filled with images that will haunt the collective memories of everybody who has seen it.
1.0 The Sacrifice is not the sort of movie most people will choose to see, but those with the imagination to risk it may find it rewarding.
0.5 Just another contract-player time-killer.
0.5 Lacks a fresh point of view and its people lack individuality.
0.625 Nothing new in writer-director Jason Freeland's Garden Party, then, nor anything particularly insightful about the mercenary business of getting by and ahead out here.
0.375 It's familiar stuff if you've sampled the vast body of work devoted to LA-dammerung.
0.8 Exotic romance in early three-strip Technicolor with great stars.
0.5 Nai puts in an understated performance as Wang, but Ying coats many of the scenes in heavy symbolism.
0.8 [Exudes] a muted dignity despite the anger simmering inside.
1.0 As Mulligan so deftly demonstrates, the story is in the characters, their failings and fragility, their heroism and nobility of spirit.
0.7 I got so much more from this story as an adult, and it's a shame that my adolescent stubbornness kept me from the movie for so many years.
0.875 Because the story is related through young Scout and Jem, that childhood wonder and fear is never close behind.
1.0 One of those rare instances when a movie perfectly captures the essence of its source material without compromising it in any way.
1.0 Since its release, this intelligent, atmospheric film has been warmly received by audiences responding not only to their own childhood, but also to the heroic image portrayed by Peck, a shining example of citizenship and affectionate fatherhood.
0.625 To Kill a Mockingbird is a time capsule, preserving hopes and sentiments from a kinder, gentler, more naive America.
1.0 A terrific central performance by Gregory Peck makes for an outstanding big screen adaptation of Harper Lee's classic novel.
0.5 So much of the novel's reckless atmosphere is missing...
0.9 Oscar winner Gregory Peck is ideal casting as Atticus, for his Lincoln-like integrity and intelligence perfectly serve the role
0.74 To Kill a Mockingbird should make admirers of the novel weep many times over.
1.0 With the Tom Robinson plot intertwining with Scout and Jem's education in the ugly flaws of a world they're only beginning to comprehend, today the film offers an extra accumulated layer of 'meaning.'
1.0 A classic adaptation of an American classic. Storytelling doesn't get much better than this.
1.0 Above all, it's a film about listening to Dad.
1.0 Arguably one of the best dramatic films ever made, brought home with tons of great features, a sparkling new transfer, and a nifty fold-out case.
1.0 Superb on all counts. Great adaptation of the memorable novel.
1.0 Right, like anyone cares what I say about it at this point.
0.8 Minor shortcomings in a rewarding film.
1.0 There are few films that can be called perfect, this is one of them.
1.0 ...To Kill A Mockingbird leaves you with a much-needed belief in hope, ignited anew by the eyes of children.
1.0 ...endearing, heartwarming, tragic, uplifting, and, ultimately, inspiring. Movies don't get any better than this.
1.0 The film is honest about a time in this country when happy endings were few and far between.
1.0 One of the best movies ever created. Poor mockingbird.
1.0 Universally recognized as a classic, and the label is well deserved.
0.8 An oldie but goody that can still entertain as it preaches.
1.0 Made in black and white in 1962 at a time when other movies had switched to color, it shattered many notions of what was right.
0.25 Is it worse as a love story or as a drama about the sorry state of television news? The answer: It's a tie.
0.4 Glitz! Glamour! Love! TV news ethics?
0.6 A perfectly respectable effort, but with all the talent involved it could have been better.
0.4 Bland TV expose loosely based on the life of Jessica Savitch
0.4 Final proof that "based on actual events" means absolutely nothing.
0.5 There is no real sexual tension between [Pfeiffer and Redford] from the get-go, so when they finally do get together, it feels forced, ungenuine.
0.6 It doesn't get anymore romantic than this
0.4 Serious flick that feels more like a satire of a Robert Redford film.
0.625 This is one of those untaxing time-killers where you spend a lot of time pondering which of its actress's changing hairstyles you like best.
0.7 The Lower Depths both gains and loses by its proximity to Renoir's later masterpieces: It's not one of them them, but the same guy made it.
0.75 The relationship between Gabin's Pepel and Jouvet's Baron is a brilliant one -- Renoir pointing to their internal similarities by stressing their external differences.
0.875 Convoluted but absorbing.
0.8 A thoroughly enjoyable murder mystery in the classic style.
0.5 The plotting is too obvious, too contrived and too convenient.
0.875 Friedrich isn't particularly sharp, but Riemelt's wonderfully nuanced performance gives him intricate layers of feeling.
0.5 Nearly every point made in Before the Fall, be it about militarism or the secret sexual codes of fascism, is made too obviously, or has been made before, in films from Cabaret to Europa, Europa.
0.625 It asks us to sympathize with teenage boys being groomed for National Socialist glory, and for that reason alone, it absorbs.
0.75 ... hooks you by focusing on Friedrich's very human story.
0.5 One senses that Gansel took the most egregious stories from his research and stuffed them all into the shapeless script.
0.5 The film is a competent but callow work dealing with a monstrous subject that automatically rejects callowness.
0.625 The best thing about Gansel's film is it doesn't ask you to absolve anyone; it only tries to make everyone a little more human.
0.625 Gansel and his screenwriting partner, Maggie Gansel, bring not a whiff of fresh nor penetrating insight to these subjects.
0.9 A work of exemplary craftsmanship, crisp and forthright yet modulated by subtle nuances, Before the Fall ranks high among the year's films.
0.7 While the background of the story is fascinating and enlightening, the foreground story could be more complex and original. The plot is a good story whose arc is a little overly familiar. Still the production values are high and the story is compelling.
0.75 The movie's own moral stance is above reproach, and the two leads are engaged enough to make you care about the outcome.
0.8 Bankrupt fascist politics and a talent in the ring combine to force decisions no teenager should have to make.
0.75 It's a handsomely mounted production that benefits greatly from location shooting and sharp attention to historical detail.
0.75 The acting is believable; the photography, atmospheric; and the moral, unmistakable.
0.625 Nazis were once innocent children -- that, at least, is the notion behind Dennis Gansel's overcooked wartime drama about the ill-fated friendship between two teenage boys at a training school for elite German military recruits.
0.5 Though well-made, Before the Fall never really comes to cinematic life.
0.4 I guarantee you nothing this cheesy happened during World War I.
0.8 Set in Berlin in 1942, Dennis Gansel's intensely beautiful film brings us inside Hitler's network of elite schools to groom young Germans for positions of power.
0.6 A convincing German morality play about the Nazi's amoral worship of strength and power.
0.5 A polished, German-tinged Dead Poets Society with budding SS automatons subbing in for privileged Vermont WASPs.
0.6 Gansel crafts story and characters to show us a rare but possible youth of Nazi Germany whose inborn morality is not subject to "training.
1.0 "Just as brilliant, beautiful, and entertaining as Romero's first zombie masterpiece."
0.875 An astonishment from start to finish, from its vivid opening shot of a passenger plane in an obviously artificial sky that resembles a 'sea of blood' to the complementary final image of an invading armada of flying saucers.
0.9 Iron-clad-nutso proof that a film can be simultaneously ridiculous and smart, and should not be confused for disposable camp.
0.2 No amount of thoughtful dissection can make up for the unpleasant, uncomfortable and unnecessary experience of actually sitting through the thing.
0.6 rich in allegorical theme and symbolic imagery, transforming the most banal of materials into miraculous epiphanies... but all too aimlessly hypnotic to get a firm grip on the viewer's attention.
0.75 Reygadas' direction seems to wander from time to time, as when Marcos walks around in the hills for long minutes without a purpose, but he always brings it back home. He's a perplexing, but voraciously talented filmmaker to watch.
0.5 Reygadas' artful but ponderous camerawork succeeds only in turning the intimately exploitative ... into something emotionally distant and stupefyingly dull.
0.5 he film's pallid emotional tone, which is in sync with the constancy of the dull gray sky overhead, can make it a hard story to embrace.
0.25 Insufferably arty, polemic and winkingly provocative.
0.5 There is a stillness to the film that is initially fascinating, but it wears thin quickly.
0.2 The only battle I had was deciding whether to watch the whole movie or get out while the getting was good. Unfortunately, I opted to stay to see if it got better... it didn't.
0.6 There's more to this controversial and aesthetically cold film than just its explicit sex scenes. Honest.
0.25 A spectacular failure, despite further evidence of the director's keen eye and bold cinematic ideas.
0.625 If you dare to see it, prepare for a challenge.
0.6 Reygadas' gift for imagery is undeniable, but for most viewers, Battle in Heaven will offer not enlightenment but frustration.
0.625 ... Reygadas has made a sensationalist picture in which all the sensation is willfully dulled.
0.7 I'd be lying if I didn't say this is one of the more original and piercing films I've seen in awhile.
0.875 A hypnotic, ruminative examination of class, religion, and sexuality in contemporary Mexico, Carlos Reygadas' Battle in Heaven is cinema at its most polarizing.
0.3 Overexposed and underdeveloped.
0.75 It's the way in which these 'debased' elements come together in a Christian allegory of sin and redemption that resists easy, reassuring interpretation.
0.75 Reyadas' radical rejection of filmmaking conventions is at first off-putting, but he's able to elicit remarkable performances from the cast of non-professionals while building tension that will hold viewers' attention.
0.625 Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating.
0.8 Not everyone is going to be willing or able to take this leap of faith, but those who do go along with Reygadas may well feel they have come away having undergone a stunning revelatory experience.
0.625 To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case.
0.4 At once unmoored and ruthlessly calculating, the Mexican film Battle in Heaven has everything for everyone or perhaps nothing at all.
0.875 Fighting cliche, presenting the most flawed people as sympathetic and occasionally averting his camera eye as his characters neglect the saving of their own souls, Reygadas has made a movie that is itself an ethical dilemma.
0.6 Depicts the spiritual emergency of an amoral man in Mexico City who plunges into despair and turns to sex as a way out of his funk.
0.5 Battle In Heaven is a noble effort from Reygadas but not exactly a good one. For such an involving premise, there is not much going on to keep interest.
0.6 Battle In Heaven suffers from an infuriatingly slow pace and a certain air of impenetrable arthouse movie but it's worth persevering with for some striking imagery and some genuinely shocking scenes.
0.3 Battle in Heaven is less an example of sophomore slump than it is a jaw-dropping exercise in misguided ambition.
0.6 Inventive throughout, Reygadas' imagery becomes breathtaking in the closing scenes of religious pilgrimage, where Marco's existential crisis is brought to a harrowing head.
0.875 9 Songs was sexy but meant nothing. Battle in Heaven is unattractive but meaningful.
0.375 Really boring, pointless and, well, bad.
0.4 To follow up Japon, Reygadas goes even further into Mexican metaphysics ... but he loses us in the process.
0.6 Unplanned pregnancy leads to family lies, surprise romance.
0.875 Reeves and Sanchez-Gijon generate a palpaple romantic chemistry that makes this shamelessly sappy, often unabashedly cornball story work.
0.4 Pure yucky mush. And Keanu can't act.
0.5 It doesn't take a genius to figure out how this film ends--though it is a bit shocking how abrupt and, yes, unsatisfying it is.
0.5 The new summer movies don't get much more formulaic than this bald attempt to capture the audience that can't wait to see the next three or four installments of Home Alone.
0.2 The feeble attempts at verbal and physical slapstick are so lacking in humour that they're embarrassing for both the players and audience.
0.4 Howard Deutch is a proficient enough second division director, but here he allows sentimentality to run riot, and the awkwardly ageing Culkin (approaching adolescence) no longer possesses the mischievous charm of old.
0.25 The film's greatest liability is Culkin, grown awkwardly out of his Home Alone cuteness into a Stepford Child star.
0.5 When toddlers are tipping the punchlines, it's time for rewrite.
0.125 This seems to be the work not of screenwriters but of Hollywood marketing executives who believe movies are popular because they tell audiences what they want to hear.
0.5 Culkin is Culkin, cute and malleable, absolutely empty, absolutely precious, absolutely irritating.
0.4 Tone: Home Alone-style slapstick with occasional (almost random) heart-tugging.
0.6 A charming, amusing comedy for the whole family
0.5 Perhaps blackmail isn't an easy subject to warm up to, or robbery the best ground to rebuild a relationship on, but with a little care, some added ingredients and a bit more spice, Getting Even With Dad could have been a satisfying [film].
0.2 Yeah, the one with Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson. Avoid at all conceivable cost.
0.5 The dysfunctional family in this film is little more than a shameless plot device to introduce a lame father/son bonding adventure.
0.5 Here is a movie with broad ambitions: It wants to be a caper, a comedy, a romance, and a showcase for MacAulay Culkin. That's too much of a stretch.
0.2 The only point to this movie is to make Macaulay a millionaire.
0.4 Culkin simply couldn't deliver the goods anymore.
0.75 Shakhnazarov, who began his film career in the Soviet era and was about the age of his protagonists in '73, brings an authenticity to the material, as well as a certain wistfulness in his excellent re-creation of Brezhnev-era Moscow.
0.8 A nicely turned film about the crushing inevitability of change.
0.6 Evocative period details and persuasive performances lend a poignant sadness to Karen Shakhnazarov's familiar, but well-told, coming-of-age tale.
0.75 [Director] Shakhnazarov came of age during the Soviet Union's Communist days and brings firsthand experience to the Brezhnev-era The Vanished Empire.
0.6 In The Vanished Empire, Mr. Shakhnazarov, a prolific and under-recognized Russian filmmaker with a surrealist touch, views the collapse of the Soviet Union as an inevitable conflation of the younger generation's natural impulse to reject the past.
0.6 A Russian film about a self-absorbed youth who is driven by an insatiable yearning to have whatever he wants.
0.4 The moralistic finale feels tacked on to the vivid celebration of Commie teen lust.
0.625 The lost-world aura of the film's clumsy youths provides an inexorable dig into Brezhnev-era diffidence.
0.375 One ultimately can't help but scratch one's head at the presence of such well-known figures as Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey within Edison Force...
0.4 Nothing more than a sub-average direct-to-video actioner with a few A-listers stuck in the leads.
0.2 Deveria haver uma lei contra filmes como este.
0.9 Highlighted by standout performances by Greg Kinnear and Lily Collins, this film has it all, some humor, some tears, and a lot of truth.
0.7 A little heavy-handed at times, "Stuck in Love" is saved from the maudlin pile by its stellar cast.
0.81 [Boone's] semiautobiographical film is a confident, at times wonderfully nuanced, and often well-paced rewrite of his own parents' divorce.
0.5 Familiar tale of indie-suburban angst.
0.625 The story, while unsurprising, is also quietly satisfying. Everyone comes to accept some hard truths about themselves.
0.4 Cliched literary trappings come together in "Stuck in Love," but the final product feels more like a footnote than a finished work.
0.4 Although "Stuck in Love" is an indie film, it hews slavishly to Hollywood formulas right down to its comfy Thanksgiving Day ending. It's all so easy, isn't it?
0.3 Like many films paying lip service to the world of writing and publishing, Stuck in Love is in a big hurry to get to the good parts
0.8 Three writers in one family explore the different shades of love.
0.625 Worthwhile for its fine performances, including the best work that Greg Kinnear and Jennifer Connelly have done in quite a while.
0.5 Set in a world of resplendent beach homes and scrubbed-clean towns, populated by genetically blessed people who wouldn't know a real concern if it smacked them in the face.
0.6 The movie's not especially urgent or inventive, but it has small moments of grace ...
0.625 Nicely acted, but a bit all over the place
0.5 So contrived and tidy that it's not remotely believable.
0.6 This is the heartfelt indie-schmindie piece that The Perks of Being a Wallflower desperately wanted to be but wasn't.
0.4 First-time director Josh Boone gets performances from his cast but fails to make the story about first loves and second chances work.
0.6 writer/director Josh Boone has made a quiet romantic fantasy, complete with downbeat indie soundtrack, which in its own way is as unrealistic as any blockbuster but a perfectly pleasant watch.
0.4 This is tedious fare. Best avoided.
0.8 Hugely watchable from the shock beginning through to the clever mix of end-of-lifecycle events and renewed opportunities ( ... ) a class above what passes for the average romcom today.
0.6 This is Kinnear's best role in a few years, and Connelly's, too: her attempts to win back Collins's stroppy prodigy have an emotional generosity her acting has lacked lately.
0.8 Enjoyable and engaging relationship comedy drama enlivened by likeable performances, a strong script and some appealing location work, though it's also a little too pretentious for its own good in places.
0.4 It all plays out a bit like a feature-length episode of Dawson's Creek - pretty teenagers wandering around romantic locations spouting over-written dialogue.
0.4 The sharp edges of the story are sentimentally sanded down; there's a fair bit of slush, and it's a pretty quaint view of what writers and a writer's life are actually like.
0.8 Unfashionably un-cynical, it's a labour of familial love from first-time writer-director Josh Boone whose simple style well serves a story of sweetness and wit.
0.6 A sweet little study of the right royal mess people can make of relationships when they let their own neuroses take over, and a warm tribute to overcoming them.
0.4 As dysfunctional as its family of scribblers despite tiny bites of charm from the cast
0.6 A sweet tale of love, loss and life with solid performances from a first-rate cast.
0.6 A tough, well-etched portrait of the damage a broken marriage can wreak.
0.46 Ultimately, Happiness seems most distinctive not as a specific director's work, but rather as an entry in a distinctly Korean melodramatic subgenre.
0.8 Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
1.0 Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
0.875 An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
0.7 Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
1.0 Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
0.875 This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
1.0 Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
1.0 Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
0.8 From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
0.8 Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
0.8 A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
1.0 This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
0.6 If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
1.0 By far, one of the best films of the year.
0.875 As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
0.875 The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
1.0 Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
0.875 Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
0.875 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
1.0 El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
0.9 Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
1.0 ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
0.5 ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
1.0 Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
0.85 Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
0.9 Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
0.85 Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
1.0 The best film of 2003.
0.7 A smart, stylish portrait of a romance that never happens, with excellent performances and a message delivered in restrained whisper rather than Hollywood shout.
0.625 It's a film of few words, not a wacky SNL Bill Murray. An abstract meditation on life, self, marriage w/ a few accents of humor shot entirely in Japan.
0.8 Lost In Translation is a subtly moving movie that stays with you longer than you expect.
0.875 ... a film that explores the boundaries and responsibilities of a relationship free of the judgment that outsiders would inevitably impose upon it.
1.0 There's not a word or a wistful glance out of place in Sofia Coppola's offbeat comedy drama.
1.0 Extraordinary in its beautiful, lyrical simplicity...Coppola's seemingly effortless, flawlessly fluid command of the film's moods and unspoken emotions is cinematic bliss.
0.8 This Bill Murray is not only the most human, but in many ways the funniest.
0.875 ...[an] intimate glossy project with a solid purpose...[a] compellingly warm and intuitive narrative...imaginative and inherently heartfelt
1.0 It's one of those unique, introverted gems, like The Accidental Tourist or The Piano, that either enfolds you with its generosity of spirit or leaves you cold.
0.875 The power of Lost in Translation is in the way it sneaks up on you.
1.0 A fidelidade de Sofia Coppola e devotada a seus personagens, e nao ao espectador. E esta e, mais uma vez, a decisao correta.
1.0 A thoughtful, moving film that's a pure delight from beginning to end.
0.625 How sorry can you feel for rich, unadventurous Americans in a major funk?
0.9 There's an almost ethereal rawness to this film that gets way under the skin.
1.0 a beautiful, lyrical cinematic ode to lost souls finding each in an unlikely place
0.875 Director Sofia Coppola's second feature film is so smart and, yet, simple that it is nearly perfect.
1.0 It's that perfect movie that you watch in order to feel that you may not be alone in the world after all. It works like a dream.
0.7 I wasn't quite as impressed as I was apparently supposed to be, and I feel oddly left out because of that.
1.0 "Lost in Translation" is a movie about almost nothing at all except a tenuous connection between two lost souls.
1.0 Lost in Translation finds something that occasionally happens between people and presents it realistically...one of the best pictures of the year.
0.8 At this rate, writer-director Sofia Coppola is poised to become a classic storyteller who is more subtle, if not as grand-scale, as her father.
1.0 The film is poetically austere in dialogue but thoughtful. Like a walk on a spring day, Lost in Translation is not momentous but rather pleasantly freeing.
0.875 It's a movie about disconnection: from your family, from the world around you, even from yourself. It's a movie about being trapped in that high chair and wanting so badly to be able to reach that floor.
0.8 A film about catharsis, the kind that exists outside of movies: the slow reawakening, triggered by the compassion and like-mindedness of another, that everyone craves.
0.625 ...Coppola's more interested in establishing the mood of this foreign land, instead of allowing us to really get to know the two central characters.
1.0 Murray, as Bob, gives the performance of his career.
0.8 In a manner that is leisurely in pace, ruminative in nature and quiet in tone ... Coppola gives her lonely travellers all the space they need to make this tentative and ultimately magical connection.
1.0 The film crackles with the energy of Bob and Charlotte's connection, and their adventures in the hurry-and-flurry Tokyo nightlife are glittery, dreamlike, meditative and beautiful.
0.75 An effective mood piece about cultural dislocation and personal alienation...
1.0 Bob and Charlotte's relationship in particular is exquisitely portrayed; a sort of platonic romance, it's a relationship that exists because of the things that aren't said between them just as much as the things that are
1.0 the best film of the year...it's time to see what Bill Murray's really capable of. If he isn't nominated for Oscars for the film, it'll be a disgrace.
0.87 An amazing mood piece that captures the characters' inner turmoil, confusion, restlessness and the strange, surreal surroundings that are the cause for their discord.
0.9 Sometimes the experience of seeing a film so powerful in its presentation of human character is worth the arguable sacrifice of narrative tension
0.9 Bill Murray is perfectly cast and his performance is understated, like the entire film. He deserves an Oscar nomination.
1.0 A film of dazzling style and gentle triumph.
0.8 A wistful little film that gradually insinuates itself upon your consciousness.
0.875 [Murray] is effortlessly superb.
0.875 Lost in Translation offers such a wealth of wonderful themes that one hardly knows where to begin.
0.875 With Lost in Translation, director Sofia Coppola makes a serious bid to claim her last name for herself.
1.0 A movie as good as anything [Sofia Coppola's] daddy ever made -- and yet Lost in Translation is a movie he could not have made if he tried.
0.9 Sofia Coppola is a rising star, and this is definitely one of the best films of 2003.
1.0 Lost in Translation is delicate, heartfelt, and mesmerizing.
0.875 What could have been one of the year's best films is tripped up by a couple of sloppy contrivances.
0.8 Murray is outstanding as the bearer of flawed maturity and gnawing melancholy.
0.8 A film for any lost soul, anyone trying to figure where their life is headed and if they're happy about it.
0.625 Another elusive non-story about oh-so-existential beautiful misfits
0.875 The title doesn't refer to a misunderstanding so much as a state of being.
0.875 Lost in Translation is one of the year's best films, an intelligent, beautifully rendered mood piece that features Bill Murray at his absolute best.
0.6 The film works best when the two [leads] are having talks together with Murray playing it quiet and sincere. Sadly there are fewer of such moments than the film needed.
0.9 Tender and amazing.
0.9 Sofia has almost surpassed her dad.
1.0 It's a sharp, funny, tender and surprising film that pivots on Murray.
1.0 A gemlike movie that's intimate and moody but never sentimental.
0.875 Coppola clearly loves these characters, and so we do, too.
0.875 Murray has never been better than he is here, but then he's never had a part that fit him so well, either.
1.0 There is real magic afoot in Lost in Translation -- the sort that is created not at the wave of a wizard's wand, but by the coming together of two wayward souls.
0.75 In Lost in Translation, [Murray] emerges as a complete character -- honourable and venal, fallible and funny, adding vulnerability to the panache.
0.9 It's about time someone gave Bill Murray a leading juicy role the talented actor could sink his teeth into.
0.8 A superbly crafted movie, with knowing dialogue, fine performances and characters that you grow to care deeply for.
1.0 How instinctively we react -- and connect -- when a film captures a feeling that is all too common, and all too real.
1.0 Although Translation is only [Coppola's] second feature, she already shows signs of being a sensei, as the Japanese call a master.
1.0 It's no news that Murray is a creative comic actor, with films like Groundhog Day and Rushmore on his resume. Here he's at his very best.
0.75 Expertly captures a feeling of woozy bewilderment.
0.875 How to sing the praises of Lost in Translation without drowning out its subtle pleasures?
0.7 Personally, I had simply read/heard way too much hyperbole about this movie before my screening, so I couldn't help but feel a little let down afterwards.
0.65 This film would've worked really well as a short film, it's not terribly satisfying as a full length feature.
0.8 You don't need an interpreter to get that this a good movie.
1.0 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson make the first classic romance of the new century glow with gorgeous, luminous grace.
0.7 The weight of Sofia Coppola's circuitous script is carried on the shoulders of the career-defining performances given by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.
0.875 Imbued with a blissful nostalgia for things that can never be recaptured, Lost in Translation is already poised to be one of the best movies of the year.
0.875 Lost in Translation's artful blend of romance and cross-cultural comedy is just the tonic for audiences weary of big, dumb, loud summer blockbusters.
1.0 It's a wonderful film, all subtlety and grace, from the delicate script of writer-director Sofia Coppola to the finely tuned efforts of Bill Murray, who gives a still, laconic yet mesmerizing performance.
0.875 By the end of Lost in Translation, we don't know much about Japan, but we know a lot more about the human condition.
0.875 Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson give performances that will be talked about for years.
1.0 Subtly realized and finely nuanced, this is fresh and unspoiled filmmaking.
0.75 A terrific balance of comedy, drama and lyrical moments.
0.8 A brave and accomplished study of love and human connections that establishes the young Coppola as one of the most acute talents of her generation.
1.0 Murray is only one of many superb elements in Coppola's new film, a masterpiece on a level with her father's best work at the same age: namely, The Godfather.
0.875 Coppola, an assured and confident young filmmaker, has crafted a small poem, about being lost and being found.
1.0 [Coppola] gives us a film so poignant, so funny, so free of self-satisfied bravado, that one can't help but look forward to her next work.
1.0 Sublimely romantic and subtle.
1.0 Sweet and sad at the same time it is sardonic and funny.
1.0 It allows Scarlett Johansson to arrive as an actress at the same time it finally gives Bill Murray the great role that has always eluded him.
0.875 ...a tender visual poem about unexpected friendship, traveler's angst and the disassociating allure of Tokyo.
0.875 A smartly written, confidently directed film that delivers big laughs while developing two of the year's most earnest characters and some of its most rewarding sentiments.
1.0 As fine a look at dislocation as you're ever going to see, and it has the nice bonus of boasting Bill Murray's greatest performance.
1.0 One of the bests of 2003 with stellar performances by Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson as Americans who reach across the age barrier to connect with each other in Tokyo.
0.9 You'll see it because you love Bill Murray. But somewhere about halfway through you'll realize that you're watching something much more than a dramatic vehicle for Hollywood's clown prince.
0.8 Coppola's mood-setting is pitch-perfect ... to be lost and alone in a strange place, full of strangers, feeling kind of sad and wistful.
1.0 Something truly special.
0.6 Lightweight and a bit of a let-down, Sofia Coppola's follow-up to the marvelous Virgin Suicides is nevertheless an interesting development in what's shaping up to be an interesting career.
1.0 One of the purest and simplest examples ever of a director falling in love with her star's gifts.
0.8 Tart and sweet, unmistakably funny and exceptionally well observed.
0.625 It's certainly edgier, smarter, than much of what passes for culture-clash comedy these days, even if the phlegmatic Murray sometimes resembles every Ugly American abroad, mocking waiters and sushi chefs who struggle to get his deadpan humor.
1.0 This is one of the year's most subtly moving films, and a strong affirmation of Coppola's substantial talent.
1.0 Remarkably sophisticated, honest, consistently hilarious and very real.
0.875 Mysterious and complex, as it muses bittersweetly on marriage, longing and the disconnectedness one can feel from another culture or people.
0.7 They'll always have Tokyo.
1.0 This study into the unfathomable depths of human relationships has more honesty than 95% of the movies I have seen this year.
0.8 Sofia Coppola developed the concept from a sketchy four-page outline into a 65-page script, which left lots of room for improvisation. And that's what's brilliant here. Patiently, she trusts her actors and cinematographer Lance Accord.
1.0 Lost in Translation is a witty laugh out-loud tale of friendship. Coppola breaks through and stands firmly at the edge of her future.
0.875 You'll think. You'll laugh. You'll be marvelously entertained. And you'll be touched.
0.48 Attractive and pleasant as it is, there's no escaping the impression that it feels like an overly hip exercise in soul-searching for those who thought American Beauty really did "look closer" at life.
1.0 Lyrical and deeply touching...as intimate, humane, and heartfelt as any love story this year.
0.7 a joy to watch
0.4 This tedious vanity piece is enlivened only by the charm of its leading man, Bill Murray
0.9 Like a favorite and enthralling CD soundtrack that takes you places magical.
0.875 The film's characters see their every disaffection hauntingly reflected onto the sounds and landscapes of the city they inhabit.
0.76 Coppola's technique of trusting the actors to find and deliver their moments scores big in telling her story and overcoming its deficiencies.
0.375 What could have been an interesting and funny period piece under the directorship of original screenwriter Edwards is turned into a tedious, infantile mess by director Benjamin.
0.6 One wishes the only pairing of Clint and Burt were better, but City Heat is still fun.
0.125 How do travesties like this get made?
0.6 One of Mr. Benjamin's main contributions to the film is a good-humored buoyancy, even when things are at their most muddled.
1.0 Film noir is the most intoxicating of Hollywood cocktails, and none is more potent than Double Indemnity.
1.0 The quintessential film noir -- acid and snappy, and shockingly cold-blooded.
1.0 Quite possibly the most perfect example of film noir to emerge from Hollywood during that genre's reign.
0.6 Even though you already know it isn't going to end well, it's suffused with a clammy-handed anxiety that belies its age. The dialogue, too, is classic Wilder -- almost poetic in its snappy, purple lyricism.
1.0 This classic thriller from director Billy Wilder is one of the best-loved examples of film noir ever made.
1.0 Dark, dialogue-heavy classic of grim suspense.
1.0 The perfect material for Wilder to remake himself as Hollywood's dark jester for decades.
0.92 Writer/director Billy Wilder cements all the hallmarks of a style that comes into its own with this wicked and suspenseful portrait of capitalist greed and post-war anxiety.
0.9 Sizzling and sassy, this thriller still cuts it amongst today's effects-laden offerings.
0.8 If you like your dialogue hardboiled, your lighting shadowy, and your femmes fatales preposterously evil, then look no further: Billy Wilder's 1944 adaptation of James M Cain's insurance-scam novella.
1.0 One of the true gems of film noir.
1.0 Thanks to DVD, Phyllis will always be there waiting for you. Same chair, same perfume, same anklet, ready to make you wonder what she wonders.
0.95 Wilder's direction is crisp and the lighting and cinematography (by John F. Seitz) have become iconic touchstones.
0.75 An accepted classic and archetypal film noir, Billy Wilder's Double Indemnity is visually drab and flabby around the edges.
1.0 Representante maximo do noir, conta com uma trama fascinante, atuacoes impecaveis, fotografia e direcao irretocaveis e, e claro, dialogos inesqueciveis.
1.0 Film noir at its finest, a template of the genre, etc. Billy Wilder in full swing, Barbara Stanwyck's finest hour, and Fred MacMurray makes a great chump.
1.0 Stanwyck, MacMurray and Robinson are superb in classic murder for profit story.
1.0 Classic film noir and classic Billy Wilder. What more can you ask?
1.0 Who'd ever believe Fred would grow up to have such a sweet 'Three Sons.'
1.0 Indelible, coal-black noir that any self-respecting studio wouldn't have the audacity to finance today.
1.0 The very best noir there is? Quite possibly.
1.0 Both a starkly realistic and a carefully stylized masterpiece of murder.
1.0 Few other directors have made so many films that were so taut, savvy, cynical and, in many different ways and tones, funny.
1.0 Not only is Double Indemnity one of the archetypal films known as film noir but it is regarded by many as the first true film noir. It is also one of the best.
0.625 Director Richard Marquand died after completing this film, and it only received a limited release before ending up on the video shelves.
0.4 Ex Machina will work best for those who are intrigued by the mere thought of artificial intelligence.
0.75 Oscar Isaac upstages impressive visual effects and set design
0.8 While we may tire of Caleb and Nathan's boilerplate debates about AI, the film's ominous undercurrents keep us awake and attentive.
0.9 When the story is all over there has been surprisingly little story told, but the viewer will have been privy to some very sophisticated philosophical ideas.
1.0 It is a pounding psychological thriller that plants its seeds of doubt from its opening cues and builds to a tremendously affecting crescendo.
0.875 A.I. goes A.W.O.L. in this minimalist sci-fi thriller from England that's justifiably turning heads for its brilliant production design, brainy cat-and-mouse narrative, and vice-like tension.
0.9 Alex Garland's intense, mind-melding sci-fi thriller is the most intriguing movie I've seen so far this year.
1.0 A thought-provoking thriller guaranteed to keep you enthralled while reassessing the meaning of consciousness
0.875 The movie milks its desolate setting for maximum impact: Nathan's secluded house-cum-laboratory is cannily employed as its own self-contained petri dish, with existential quandaries being analyzed under Garland's morally tuned microscope.
1.0 Ex Machina is the best movie I've seen all year.
0.9 Ex Machina is memorable and downright challenging, full of sharp performances that blur the lines between humanity and programming.
0.875 Intelligent and provocative, with more than a little relevance to the world we live in.
0.8 There's a lot happening in Ex Machina and we're never entirely sure what will happen next.
0.75 It's rare for a science-fiction film's high-concept to get stolen out from under it by a performance -- but then again, Isaac appears to be a rare kind of actor.
0.75 [A] methodically absorbing sci-fi drama.
0.9 For one thing, it's gorgeously shot. For another, it actually takes its own ideas seriously. This is a special film.
0.875 The film differentiates itself nicely from others of its ilk, for lurking beneath the heady stuff is a tense, frightening horror film.
0.9 Through cues both understated and not so much, the grim implications ("grimplications?") of creating a fembot with the potential to go full Skynet are clear.
0.75 Garland's primary concern is his flesh-and-blood characters, even though they are not nearly as showy (or beautiful) as his main attraction, the vulnerable, delicate girl with a heart of steel and wires.
0.75 Garland's commitment to his weird, edgy material, and his unhurried and thoughtful execution of it, makes "Ex Machina" something special.
0.75 A clever film with one indelible performance from Isaac.
0.875 At heart, Garland is a genre filmmaker, but his movies have more depth than their contemporaries. Additionally, he's cast his movie brilliantly.
0.75 Ex Machina packs a scientist's brain inside a thrill seeker's body, much like the nubile robot within it.
0.6 [Oscar] Isaac - buffed, bald, and bearded - is the film's dramatic center as Nathan, a man betrayed by his own genius. He struts, he speechifies, he schemes, he scolds, all friendly menace and sly frankness.
0.8 Ex Machina is incredibly slow moving and never really escalates to an exciting pace, but its slow burn mentality and ability to ignore being rushed is what makes it so enticing. This is a film that undeniably revitalizes the sci-fi genre.
1.0 Like stage actors who live and breathe their roles over the course of months, Isaac, Gleeson, and Vikander excel, and cast a spell.
0.8 This futuristic take on age-old motivations, jealousy and betrayal among them, makes Ex Machina clever and engaging throughout.
1.0 This is [Garland's] first turn as director, and it suits him; he's created a cautionary tale that entertains even as it forces us to think.
1.0 "Ex Machina" is a tense tale of artificial love so intelligently crafted and edgy that I adored it myself.
0.875 With a stellar cast and seductive look, "Ex Machina" is a sleek contraption for capturing our imagination.
0.625 A neat psychological thriller for the digital age. Great performances compensate for a slightly slim story.
0.9 It's great when a movie messes with your head.
0.5 A B-movie that tried to be something better but stayed a B-movie.
1.0 Evokes Stanley Kubrick as much as the similarly excellent Under the Skin last year. A must-see for fans of either.
1.0 A masterpiece. Alex Garland puts teeth and a chill into what has either been an empty sci-fi threat, or else has been sentimentalized to death, as in the very bad Chappie.
0.6 Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted, it's an enjoyable, grown-up entertainment, even if it leaves us wanting something deeper.
0.8 Despite following a great deal of well-worn territory, the film manages to engage its audience with its icy and efficient delivery and consistent undercurrent of malevolence.
0.9 It's the kind of film that seems to me shy of a masterpiece right now, but one where I may well find it to be with time and repeat viewings.
1.0 "Ex Machina" is an exquisite puzzle box of a picture. It baffles. It unsettles. It intrigues.
1.0 A beautifully-crafted science fiction drama that recalls the ingenuity and brilliance of "Jurassic Park."
0.625 The ideas here don't breathe. They simply take us from one plot point to the next.
0.75 "Ex Machina" isn't quite "Citizen Kane" for an era of Internet tycoons, but it suggests that that's not such a bad idea.
0.875 A singularly chilling cinematic stunner that coexists as a wild daydream and a prescient glimpse into the future.
0.7 A rattling and ruminative piece of speculative fiction, Ex Machina is good enough to wish it were even better.
0.875 Ex Machina addresses heady issues of A.I., exploring what it means to be human or, more important, what it means to be an imitation of humanity so real, what's the actual difference?
0.875 "Ex Machina" is a smart, exceptionally stylish head trip.
0.75 Garland sidles up to some large ideas, some more provocative than others, and his premise hints at the costs of perpetual, omnivorous surveillance.
0.75 It's hard to imagine another director squeezing as many shades and colors from his screenplay as Garland did, and from now on, it would be understandable if he insisted on directing everything he writes.
1.0 Alex Garland brilliantly brings the past into the present with the near-future tale Ex Machina, a stark but dazzling meditation on intelligence, consciousness and morality that discreetly uses special effects in service of story, dialogue and character.
1.0 Merciless, efficient and terrifyingly logical...
0.7 Ex Machina is intelligent science fiction operating at a very high level.
0.8 It will make you look at every other movie about artificial intelligence in a whole new way.
0.625 More tricky than smart.
0.75 In the final analysis, the movie doesn't offer much about the subject that hasn't been previously explored, but the soil is fertile and many ideas germinate.
0.75 Slow paced, but thought provoking science fiction.
0.8 A thrilling work of sci-fi ... a smart and visually alluring film that contemplates chilling questions about where technology is headed and the consequences of playing God.
0.8 Beautifully haunting.
0.8 This is the best, most credible, of the artificial intelligence movies to date. Garland keeps the tension up and the pace moving by tackling many thought-provoking existential issues. I was pleasantly surprised, rewarded, by what I had just seen.
0.65 A chilly yet engrossing drama, elevated beyond its four-people-locked-in-a-house framework by the eerie beauty of the production design and the thoughtful curiosity of Garland's screenplay.
0.8 Ex Machina achieves that rare combination of eliciting both strong thoughts and feelings, and it deserves to be known as a sci-fi classic.
0.75 A TED Talk in the form of a movie, with a few creepy twists and suspenseful deceptions that keep the plot moving forward.
0.875 Gleeson is terrific and Vikander, who stars in five other films this year alone, is a revelation. As is Ex Machina, a movie that looks like something destined to be savored, watched and re-watched endlessly over the years.
1.0 We will be very lucky if we get another movie either as good or better this year.
0.875 Although "Ex Machina" is small and talky - it has just four characters, and the only action comes at the end - it also looks good. The set direction is interesting and evocative. The effects impress but don't overwhelm.
0.8 turns a standard story into something quite special
0.9 It's become far too commonplace to overuse the term 'masterpiece,' but Alex Garland's directorial debut comes about as close as you can get.
0.75 I know, I know. You've seen all this A.I. stuff before. But never like this. Garland is hot for ethical shop talk on what defines humanity or lack of same.
1.0 This is a classic film.
0.6 If any film needed a brief, impromptu hip hop dance scene (Oscar Isaac, predictably, has moves), it's one attempting a treatise on the meaning of existence.
0.7 It makes up for its linearity with verve, first in the impeccably controlled, intellectually rigorous direction, and then in the performances.
0.75 Austere, cerebral and chilling
0.875 For a first-time director, Garland seems assured. His sharp, sparse dialogue and meticulous direction are equally compelling, and the trio of lead performances are top-notch.
0.625 It doesn't quite add up in the end, but it's heady stuff anyway, dense with moments of shivery beauty and frightening ideas.
0.8 An intriguing four-character sci-fi drama about explorers of artificial intelligence.
0.6 "Ex Machina" shows there's still life left in tales of artificial intelligence.
0.875 By going deep on a simple construct, Ex Machina establishes itself as a unique and deeply unsettling psychological thriller that's both necessary and unforgettable.
0.9 With uncommon intelligence and the even more uncommon ability to look without blinking, Garland's made the one of the best sci-fi films of the past several years, a wicked and wise parable of the near-now that's honed to a gleam.
0.9 Wickedly smart and often wickedly funny, this delightfully entertaining science fiction drama is one of the best films of the year.
1.0 Might not be the first film about the dangers inherent in giving robots free will, but it's certainly one of the most accomplished.
0.625 There comes a point where, if we have been paying attention, we know what will happen once a character walks out a door.
0.5 In the end, more than just the machine remains an enigma.
0.9 It's a very smart movie and seems to almost be cognitive of what the audience is thinking ... one of the best pure sci-fi movies to come out in a very long time.
0.75 ...[Ex Machina] never stops being slick, cool, and polished, its intelligence not artificial at all.
0.8 A confident, engrossing debut.
0.9 Compelling, claustrophobic, cutting edge and clever, Ex Machina is as smart and satisfying as science fiction gets.
0.8 An intriguingly stripped-down sci-fi thriller about artificial intelligence that's fully attuned to its more blockbuster elements yet pleasingly cerebral at the same time.
0.8 This is knowingly seductive sci-fi cinema, its slyly subversive allegiances hidden by the two-way mirror of the silver screen, its androids dreaming of much more than mere electric sheep.
0.8 Closer to Caryl Churchill's stage play A Number than to, say, THX-1138, this tight, tense virtual three- hander sings with creative disharmony.
0.8 Cool! It's a trip! All Alex Garland's creations are a trip.
0.8 Garland has produced something seductively strange, consistently thought-provoking and admirably adult.
0.8 Its thought-provoking themes will gnaw at your own humanity long after the shocking finale has bowed.
0.8 Novelist and screenwriter Alex Garland's first film as a director takes some very old ideas and gives them an ingenious new spin.
0.8 Ex Machina is a smart, tricksy study of artificial intelligence and tech-sex that explores a credible near-future take on the man-machine relationship.
0.6 Ex Machina feels like an elegant SF short story with a droll twist that has been pumped up and sexed up into an over-bulky feature film. But it's managed with confidence.
0.8 Smart, swanky, a little inhuman and preternaturally well crafted.
0.8 Slick and seductive, this exploration of artificial intelligence may essentially only have three characters, but it's complex, provocative and thoroughly engaging.
0.8 Stylish, elegant, tense, cerebral, satirical and creepy. Garland's directorial debut is his best work yet, while Vikander's bold performance will short your circuits.
0.6 Feels like a pathway to grander things for Garland.
0.8 The lush setting avoids the stifling grey look of so many other sci-fi films and the commendably-restrained special effects are as outstanding as the three fast-rising lead actors.
0.8 This is bewitchingly smart science fiction of a type that's all too rare. Its intelligence is anything but artificial.
0.8 As thoughtful as it is thrilling, Ex Machina is a razor-sharp and nimble character drama which takes a controlled nosedive into exhilarating sci-fi horror.
0.8 There's no little hint of Kubrick and Hitchcockian paranoia to Alex Garland's debut as writer-director, a nifty, quasi-Gothic three-hander of great performances and unerring control.
0.6 A bit more intelligence would not have gone amiss.
0.8 Ex Machina is smart, sexy and thrilling sci-fi filmmaking at its most fascinating.
1.0 There's a lot going on here. But don't think for a second this is troublesome critic-fodder. It's thrilling.
0.8 A smart, accomplished piece of work that presses all the right buttons.
0.8 Gleeson convinces as a desperate-to-please, ambitious young coder. Isaac's difficult-to-read, drunken, pumped-up mad scientist is disquieting and Vikander excels in a demure and shifting role.
0.8 Garland cleverly keeps us on our toes by constantly toying with our allegiances.
0.9 Anchored by three dazzling central performances, it's a stunning directorial debut from Alex Garland that's essential viewing for anyone with even a passing interest in where technology is taking us.
1.0 Multi-faceted and nuanced, each with so many subtleties and complexities Ex_Machina is a film bursting with ideas.
0.2 Not much happens, but the most basic shifts in time and place are so badly signposted, you'd be lost without a synopsis.
0.0 An inadvertent and off-putting picture of modern-day slackerdom that says more about the filmmakers than the world at large.
0.5 The conventions in Gina Prince-Bythewood's movie are fully functioning, not so much challenged as fine-tuned.
0.5 It's a competent entry in the genre, but it's a shame that's all it is when it had the potential to be a little more.
0.6 Writer-director Gina Prince-Bythewood stretches her tissue-thin story to the very limits of its appealing young stars and the acting prowess of Minnie Driver and Danny Glover.
0.7 Beyond the Lights is a surprising film buoyed by a terrific performance from star Gugu Mbatha-Raw, opposite the vastly underrated Nate Parker.
0.6 The film reminds us why straight-up romances are so few and far between these days: the genre depends on contrivance more than almost any other. But when the couple clicks, it still feels pretty damn good.
0.8 The sexiest movie of 2014... And it only becomes sexier the more whole Noni gets."
0.8 One of the most rewarding films to come out (and then almost immediately vanish) in the waning months of 2014.
0.75 Dido in 'Belle' and Noni here wouldn't seem to have a lot in common, but both roles present Mbatha-Raw as a woman searching for her authentic self within a cultural context that prefers compromised or cartoonish representations of black identity.
0.8 Gina Prince-Bythewood finds the truth inside the trappings of celebrity, and creates a winning window for us to look through
0.625 This, then, is where Beyond the Lights most makes its mark -- not as a love story but as a look at the demands encountered by female entertainers in today's marketplace.
0.6 a fascinating cinematic experiment that represents progressive, feminist filmmaking without being overbearing
0.56 It will be a cable television experience that showcases the ample potential of it's two lead stars.
0.5 "Beyond the Lights" is a faint shadow of 1992's "The Bodyguard," without the star power of Whitney Houston or Kevin Costner.
0.8 Powerful romantic drama depicts the downside of celebrity.
0.8 It might be easy to wave off this film as little more than cinematic candy, but if all candy were this nutritious and filling, the much-maligned genre of the big-screen romance might be in a healthier state.
0.4 Unfortunately for a film about the importance of keeping it real, the drama here is largely formulaic, and the finish line crosses into the realm of artistic fantasy.
1.0 Prince-Bythewood is stingingly astute at what fame does to objectify women. And Gugu Mbatha-Raw, so good this year in Belle, is a shining new star.
1.0 It strikes a risky, though successful balancing act between being immensely entertaining as a musical feature and making dramatic, important statements about depression, self-worth and female empowerment.
0.5 If it were any cheesier, they could pour it on macaroni.
0.625 A formulaic, often melodramatic crowd-pleaser with thoughts on celebrity-driven culture and the ravenous appetite of fans, followers and the media.
0.9 Prince-Bythewood provides a distinct and needed voice in the genre.
0.75 While melodramatic in the vein of A Star Is Born, Beyond the Lights is also a wise and open-hearted look at the price of fame upon personal identity.
0.5 The movie has a soapy impulse that it would have done well to resist, given the occasional surprising strength of its more unvarnished elements.
0.75 You're drawn to her, and you root for her; there's something in Mbatha-Raw's lovely, direct gaze that pulls us in.
0.625 Mbatha-Raw is clearly destined for bigger things. Consider Beyond the Lights a stop along the way.
0.625 The basic elements are very much like "The Bodyguard" and countless dangerous-rise-to-fame movies. The originality lies in the details, up-to-date themes and the strong performances of the relatively young lead actors.
0.75 The fact that "Beyond the Lights" is so effective at both celebrating and critiquing extravagance and artifice can be credited to Prince-Bythewood's shrewd understanding of the highly pitched cinematic vernacular she's working with.
0.75 Over the course of the film, Mbatha-Raw does many things, all of them quite well.
0.6 The film soldiers on through a couple of possible endings, and if its real destination is never truly in doubt, Mbatha-Raw makes the trip interesting.
0.8 This unusually intelligent crowd-pleaser is welcome proof that quality filmmaking needn't be limited by subject, audience or budget.
0.75 Prince-Bythewood isn't reinventing the wheel here, but she succeeds on a pure entertainment level.
0.75 Yes, we've seen this movie before, but not as well-played or as smartly written.
0.7 The nuts and bolts we recognize, but Prince-Bythewood uses the premise to explore issues of race, sexuality, and identity.
0.5 A great display of Gugu Mbatha-Raw's range, but sadly, it's a mediocre movie.
0.75 Another commanding performance from Mbatha-Raw, who doesn't need words to explain how the outer emptiness of Noni's persona has found its way inside.
0.75 Prince-Blythewood's attempt to create authenticity in a story set within the music business is elevated by having solid actors like Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Nate Parker to bolster it.
0.4 Beyond the Lights is content to be a derivative PG-13 romance instead of shining a light into incisive issues of female identity and sexuality in show business.
0.5 The teary-eyed sincerity of the music-industry drama "Beyond the Lights" is at times too much, but despite its cliche elements, the film at least has the feel of a passion project.
0.625 Well-acted, sexy and surprising, considering its worn sell-your-soul-to-the-music business story.
0.625 By rooting Noni's self-image issues in a controlling mother, the script provides the film with a tame, melodramatic structure that dulls the thorny matters of identity and expression at its center.
0.75 Love in the time of hip-hopera!
0.7 Often with the feel of a stage play, Snow Cake is a delicate little drama that shows real understanding of its characters.
0.6 a worthy effort toward bringing an increasingly prevalent disorder to filmgoers' attention
0.6 Snow Cake never entertains too much pathos nor does it become overly concerned with making Weaver's character even slightly sympathetic; her uncensored forthrightness is as refreshingly humane as it is hilarious.
0.5 A heartfelt but utterly predictable indie drama.
0.625 It's essentially a vehicle for a dedicated cast, but occasionally it's more than that.
0.6 Director Marc Evans, working from Angela Pell's screenplay, pulls it off in a limited way but with emotional sensitivity and a solid cast.
0.7 At times it seems so anxious to blatantly manipulate us into tears and slows down with Alex's romance with a sexy neighbor a la Carrie Anne Moss, and then at times it's beautiful, and intimate, and so wonderfully acted.
0.75 Weaver makes Linda her own, alternating between off-putting brashness, engaging honesty and bursts of spontaneous, childlike behavior.
0.625 Marc Evans' small-scale drama focuses on the offbeat relationship between a chronically depressed man and an autistic woman, and with a lesser cast it would be insufferable.
0.625 Overly forced, a shade too whimsical, but filling a void other words and other movies haven't the nerve or errant taste to confront.
0.875 Snow Cake reflects a sense of the almost infinite ways autism manifests itself, in all its baffling and fascinating and sometimes agonizing realities.
0.7 Sigourney Weaver scores big with her first role in recent history that shows her at her best. Alan Rickman provides the perfect counterpart as the loneliest man in Central Canada.
0.64 scribe Angela Pell has crafted a really funny and touching script.
0.7 Sigourney Weaver's piercing portrayal propels this distinctive, often comedic picture about a high-functioning autistic.
0.7 Modest but well wrought and witty, Snow Cake is full of unexpected moments and clever observations and, despite a sparse quality, makes a good case for the idea that you're never too late, or too far gone, to connect with or understand others.
0.625 Weaver's performance as Linda will likely move you to tears, though whether they're tears of rage, joy or sorrow will depend on your tolerance of the esteemed actress's overly mannered technique.
0.333333333333 As hangdog and hammy as its leading man, this extra-thick slice of Canadian tragedy porn subsists on contrivances from other movies.
0.75 If anyone ever had any doubt that great actors can elevate a movie, they need look no further than Snow Cake for the proof that they can.
0.625 Moving but at times overearnest.
0.8 A psychologically rich drama that reveals how a sad and lonely Englishman is transformed by his ability to ride the coincidences which manifest in his life.
0.4 Snow Cake partly camouflages the banality of its concept with its meticulous performances.
0.625 It is Weaver -- whom director Marc Evans uses for maximum shmaltz -- who is the shiny object dangled before our eyes. And she is certainly something to watch.
0.5 Snowcake features one smart, pared-down performance. Unfortunately it's trapped in a stupid, overcrowded story.
0.5 A gentle film with a warm heart & mostly sad circumstance. Brings awareness to Autism, and it has its moments of beauty, but I couldn't help wanting more.
0.5 Like I Am Sam, it is easy to laugh at Marc Evans's Snow Cake because sincerity appears to have had nothing to do with its creation.
0.8 A slow-burning examination of disability and grief is enlivened by a top-notch cast and a gently witty script.
0.75 Snow Cake is a small movie in the best sense. It's character-focused, precise in its arc and just roomy enough to let its performers breathe and expand at the languid pace the material demands.
0.8 As a Special Presentation in the Toronto film festival this past September, Snow Cake made a strong first impression. Now wider audiences have an opportunity to share in an experience that can enrich lives.
0.3 Snow Cake is painful slogging. The plot is awkwardly contrived.
0.875 Low-key yet thoroughly engaging...
0.2 If Rickman these indignities like a man with his mind on other things, he's probably just shell-shocked by the antics of his co-star. Weaver's performance is so extravagantly awful, you can't take your eyes off it.
0.8 A deeply moving, life-affirming tale -- the many scathing one-liners are just icing on the cake.
0.8 The Canada-set Snow Cake is clearly meant to be Weaver's movie, and people with first-hand knowledge of autism say it's the most convincing depiction they've ever seen.
0.6 Marc Evans' direction is alternately clear-eyed and blearily sentimental, but the film is a fine showcase for Weaver.
0.8 Thoughtful and moving, this intriguing drama is packed with emotions and insights that catch us off guard.
0.8 Ultimately, [Snow Cake] is the sort of film that creeps up on you and you don't realise how much it has affected you till you find yourself still thinking about it days later.
0.8 It is a character study that reminds me of the first time I saw Gus Van Sant's Drugstore Cowboy. And it could eventually herald the arrival of as important a talent.
0.75 The dialogue in "Poison Friends" is clever and erudite, but underneath the lit-crit the film has the atmosphere of a Hitchcockian thriller.
0.9 Poison Friends is at once a sly satire on the pretensions and aspirations of academia and an intellectual suspense-thriller that builds and builds but never loses credibility.
0.75 It's intellectual without being dry, dramatic without bombast, smart without posturing.
0.333333333333 Turgid ivory-tower drama.
0.7 In this observant psychological drama with the energy of a thriller, there's no blood (except for maybe a paper cut) or weapons, but audible gasps will not be out of place.
0.75 Sly, subtle and very French psychological drama.
0.75 If you don't take anything Andre says seriously, there is a wicked sense of fun about it, and you may even see a little of yourself in one of the characters.
0.75 The movie seems an act of score-settling by someone who got singed by a critic. Fair enough, and Andre's deviousness makes the film slyly credible, too.
0.8 Has a degree of energy, an appetite for strong feelings and big ideas, notably missing in American movies about the young and overeducated, which tend to specialize in mumbled ironies and tiny epiphanies.
0.875 Promoted as an intellectual suspense thriller, Emmanuel Bourdieu's second feature film is a chilling plunge into the dark pools of group think and a scalding examination of the vulnerability of the unformed identity.
0.7 A solid script, but it's really the performance by Vincon that's likely to leave a lasting impression on the viewer.
0.6 A richly developed French film about university life, power, deceit and mentoring that presents quite a moral wallop.
0.3 The screenplay and direction of Emmanuel Bourdieu's Poison Friends is as pompous and blind to reality as Morley [the main character] himself.
0.5 Has little to say about friendship other than that it's sometimes maintained by less-than-kind motives and reciprocated with equal coldness.
0.7 I wouldn't put Tigerland in the top ranks of war movies, but it's a solid second-tier entry that makes you think about the characters.
0.5 Farrell is the best thing about the film, which veers into oversentimentality quite a bit for a film that's shot with such a gritty aesthetic.
0.5 Ever since Three Kings redefined just how great a war movie can be, movies like Tigerland have become unforgivable.
0.5 A talented newcomer with genuine presence, Farrell is able to suggest some complexity in a character that is written without any.
0.625 ...never quite catches fire or becomes the searing expose that director Schumacher intended.
0.8 Farrell holds the film together as the one element that sets this a notch above the average military drama.
0.5 Tigerland will only reinforce one of the biggest complaints regarding Schumacher's work: that it's all about the look, not the material.
0.5 At best, Tigerland is not much more than a low-rated, cable-channel movie-of-the-week that should be channel-surfed right on by.
0.8 The hype is justified -- Farrell's performance just screams star quality and has already drawn comparisons with Steve McQueen and Paul Newman.
0.6 A worthy addition to the Vietnam War film genre.
0.7 Even when the script overtaxes the allegory about how Vietnam divided a nation at home, Schumacher and the actors prevail by fixing their sights on what happens to men on that last stop before the game of war becomes a grim reality.
0.8 A beautifully crafted, brilliantly acted and gently moving film that only occasionally lapses into sentimentality.
0.8 Despite his usual ability to spend more time on set design than he does on actors, Schumacher handles the more intimate setting with great skill.
0.6 Beyond the excellence of the young actors, however, the film offers little we haven't seen before.
0.84 A modest feature with simple aims, Tigerland hits the heart through great performances from a group of unknowns, thoughtful cinematography, and sustained emotional intensity.
0.75 starkly effective, if a bit too blunt in its obviousness
0.75 For those who don't mind being challenged, however, and are curious to see why Farrell is being touted as the next big thing, Tigerland has its rewards.
0.8 Tigerland is tightly constructed and culminates with a stunningly appropriate charge of ambiguity.
0.8 All the actors bring their characters to life, especially Colin Farrell as Bozz and Shea Whigham as the maniacal Wilson.
0.7 Schumacher relies on an understated documentary style, largely using handheld cameras and seemingly improvised scenarios.
0.5 Beneath the rough verite exterior beats the same slick, corny heart that has pumped blood (and money) through Mr. Schumacher's Batman and John Grisham pictures.
0.8 Schumacher lucks out with a largely unknown cast of awesome performers.
0.5 The narrative is weak, with the film consisting of a series of incidents that don't seem to be consistently connected.
0.6 needlessly long
0.8 These are four extraordinary performances, delicate in their construction, honest in their execution.
0.2 asygkratitoi symbolismoi, poy plakonontai ap' to baros enos dyskinitoy lyrismoy kai tin emmoni se mia adieksodi kinimatografiki forma, asfyktiki ston tropo poy heirizetai ton afigimatiko rythmo san ergaleio basanistikis timorias toy theati.
0.75 Linklater is testing the boundaries of what can be done with digital video, thematically as well as visually.
0.8 Tape brilliantly mixes sex, lies, and videotape-esque quirks with some supreme mental fornicative twists to produce an engaging chunk of film.
0.8 A testament to why blockbuster junkies like me should turn off the Dolby digital and turn on the IFC every now and then.
0.75 Unlike some other filmed plays, this one contains dialogue that sounds realistic.
0.6 As the film progresses and voices are raised the audience is dealt a very interesting and compelling film.
0.8 Intensely claustrophobic, impeccably directed drama, featuring excellent performances by all three leads.
1.0 The screenplay features nothing but talk, but this is one of the most tightly wound films of the year.
0.6 Engrossing and dynamic viewing thanks to convincing dialogue and lively acting, most notably from Hawke.
0.9 Easily, one of the best pictures of 2001.
0.75 If Tape's claustrophobia doesn't get to you, and if you've got the intestinal fortitude to spend nearly 90 minutes in intimate proximity with two equally unlikeable guys, the movie does exert a certain propulsive fascination.
0.8 For a movie set completely inside a dingy motel room, Tape is a thrilling piece of experimental cinema.
0.75 For the most part, Tape is smart and deftly executed, with Hawke, in particular, as the resentful Vince, making a vivid impression.
0.6 Worth watching, even if it never transcends its self-imposed limitations.
0.75 May not go down as more than an acting and DV exercise, but at least it's an engrossing one.
0.6 Implodes under the weight of its own 'excessive linguistic pressure.'
1.0 Despite the obvious origins as a play--only three characters in one room--this startling film manages to keep us utterly gripped.
0.75 Linklater continues to prove the importance of substance over style with Tape.
0.75 "Tape" may take place entirely in a small motel room, but it packs an emotional wallop the size of an entire city.
0.2 Picture a typical student film with its arty angles, bad lighting and pretentious observations.
0.875 Talky and terrific!
0.125 "Would you guys just figure out what the fuck you're talking about?" Actual line from the film. Actual way you might feel by the time that line is uttered.
0.8 Smart, playful, disturbing, and most of all alive.
0.875 You feel less like you're watching a film and more like you're at an award-winning Broadway play with a killer cast.
0.875 Steeped in venom, deception, and manipulation, Tape is a three-way volley of mind games in which an adolescent grudge assumes the complexion of a festering wound.
0.75 Like most movies by Linklater, it's the kind of film that doesn't usually get made -- a dramatic chamber piece for young people.
0.875 Tape made me believe that its events could happen to real people more or less as they appear on the screen, and that is its most difficult accomplishment.
0.875 Tape is smart, unpredictable, and alive with the energies of actors who clearly are enjoying being stretched by their material.
0.5 The one-room structure almost sinks the film because the more uncomfortable the situation becomes, the more you wonder why characters don't just up and leave.
1.0 A smartly-crafted, voyeuristic pleasure - sans the guilt.
0.75 A compelling drama that may lack that Oscar-worthy gloss, but offers virtues that are much more rare: captivating characters, verbal wit, and an actual story.
0.625 You never quite escape the feeling you're watching a barely adapted TV version of a somewhat gimmicky stage play.
0.8 Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard and Uma Thurman give the most psychologically acute performances of their film careers.
0.8 Makes its points -- and how -- but never for a second forgets to be thoroughly engrossing.
0.6 A stagy, three-person psychodrama about guilt, memory and manipulation, driven by strong performances.
0.75 An amazingly dynamic motion picture -- one that challenges viewers' ideas and preconceptions.
0.6 Linklater and cinematographer Maryse Alberti ... turn the claustrophobic hotel-room setting into one of the more handsome films shot on digital video.
0.75 off-the-cuff and expertly executed, though bound by its source and its format to minor rewards and pocket epiphanies
0.75 By film's end, the only rape that remains is that of words and memories.
0.625 Intermittently involving but lacking in wit, style and variety.
0.3 A failure of a low-budget project if ever there was one.
0.6 0.6
0.75 Stylistically it's a beauty, with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score.
0.7 Awful deaths (and hysterical reactions to them) punctuate declarations of love and friendship, revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst.
0.8 Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal, Verhoevenesque atmosphere...
0.8 A wonderfully exciting, incredibly idiosyncratic actioner.
0.375 Maybe Battle Royale's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously.
1.0 Fukasaku's set pieces are dynamic, composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie's successor, 'The Hunger Games.'
0.8 Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem, violence and unfettered teen melodrama.
0.75 Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences.
1.0 It gets no points for subtlety, but this confronting, devastating, hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right.
1.0 A disturbing film to say the least, and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States.
1.0 A modern classic about the folly of violence.
0.8 Some will be uncomfortable or appalled, and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy, but this isn't a film you'll forget easily. And, seriously, what would you do?
0.8 Os intertitulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme, mas, de modo geral, a acao e muito bem conduzida e os personagens, satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos.
0.7 Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un veritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood.
0.4 The basic storyline just isn't very good, and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious, which quite simply isn't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this.
0.7 As twisted as it sounds, killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid, well, cinematic boredom.
0.8 BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored, and will not be easily forgotten...the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop.
0.4 'Battle Royale' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of 'reality TV'.
0.8 A hell of an action movie, an admission that makes me feel a little guilty.
0.8 Sharply written, bloody, and darkly funny, this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare.
0.75 Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage, I was able to stop considering it an important film, and start watching it as an entertaining one.
0.4 It's fascinating, tense and grisly... but a bit of a muddle really.
0.6 As usual, Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction, even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious.
0.8 This is a heart-stopping action film, teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline, teamwork, and determination, but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative, shockingly violent package.
0.75 Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief.
0.375 An Iranian political drama told in The Blair Witch Project fashion. ... An incomprehensible mess, only its high-minded intentions save it from being truly awful.
0.875 A poetic, powerful work.
0.5 All Gordon Green can manage are...dreamy images, blunt-edged characters and dialogue, splattered like so-much Cheese Whiz over a shapeless mess of a pseudo-poetic narrative.
0.2 Obriga o publico a passar duas horas ao lado de pessoas absolutamente desinteressantes.
0.4 The performances are convincing, and sufficiently nuanced to elevate the characters beyond mere cliche.
0.4 Zooey Deschanel, in her first starring role, barely saves this film from the murky bogs of independent dreck.
0.89 There are several moments so sublime, so ineffably and serenely beautiful, that you might be convinced that this sort of relationship could only happen in a dream.
0.6 A lot of the dialogue is funny and dumb and sometimes insightful, but there are also moments when something rings so false it feels you're watching an artfully directed episode of Dawson's Creek.
1.0 The story takes place in the real world, but the real world as it feels when you're in love or when you watch a great film like, say, this one.
0.4 A borderline- unwatchable excursion into rural romance.
0.4 Undisciplined, unfocused, overimprovised and unevenly acted.
1.0 an extraordinary ode to the power of first love and its ability to redeem, even when it involves heartbreak that, in retrospect, was inevitable
0.625 The characters just sit there and talk, and you start to feel you're trapped not at a movie but in a tiny diner somewhere, eavesdropping on a lot of uninteresting conversations.
0.5 One of those movies you're sure you're supposed to like, and then you wind up not liking it so much.
0.875 By dismissing the cliches of movie romance, "All the Real Girls" comes closer than most movies can to showing a couple falling in love.
1.0 As the best anti-Hollywood romance I've seen in years, the film restores my faith in the independent film movement.
0.875 If only the film had somewhere to go. Green refuses to opt for a pat ending, but the finish he went with is jarring and unsatisfying.
0.75 A wise, delicate and immensely touching romance.
0.875 Patiently reveals itself as a simply poetic romance told in fragments of Southern-accented conversation.
0.9 I have seen the cinematic future and his name is David Gordon Green.
0.75 The characters in All the Real Girls can seem a little thin ... but the emotions always feel genuine.
0.4 Director David Gordon Green knows more about how to capture a striking image on screen than telling a compelling story.
0.8 Has a much sharper focus than George Washington, making it a more accomplished picture.
0.75 A slice of regional poetry intrinsic to lives overlooked by, under-lived in comparison to, and outside the mainstream.
0.8 After a while, you feel like you're watching natural interactions rather than a scripted performance.
0.75 It's a beautifully realized and assured work packed with the kind of raw emotions that rarely make it to the screen.
0.625 Deschanel gives a heart-wrenching performance that often makes Schneider's seem inert.
0.75 A smartly acted, achingly simple love story.
0.875 There's something about the simplicity and directness of the relationship in All the Real Girls that truly touches the heart.
0.7 The joys, hurts and fears in any new relationship are so close to the surface for these characters that their attempts to navigate their feelings can be acutely painful to watch.
0.75 An anti-Hollywood romance; a tonic for all those weary of the usual cinematic overglamorization of love.
0.8 Green confirms his status as the most atmospherically distinctive American movie director since Paul Thomas Anderson.
0.5 One of those movies that can drive you freakin' nuts.
0.875 It's a love story stripped of trite narrative conventions and made to feel searingly honest.
0.75 Green's style will put him among the big names of a new generation of filmmakers
0.875 Green ... makes the movie raw, confused and vivid, just like the emotions its characters experience.
0.75 I enjoyed spending time with [Green's] characters (particularly Noel, who's beautifully played by the ever illuminating Deschanel) and in his world.
0.75 Green, who co-wrote the story with Schneider, allows the characters to say and do whatever feels real -- or failing that, whatever feels beautiful.
1.0 It gives you fuel for self-reflection, sadness to last a lifetime, plenty of food for thought once the tears subside and joy in knowing that great American cinema is alive and kicking. Brilliant.
1.0 Small-town romance has the poetry of the inarticulate, the faith of the wounded and the beauty of the everyday in every heartfelt frame.
0.875 This is a real deal about people of interest, and filmmaker Green is truly ripening.
0.75 A movie that eliminates Hollywood gloss and pop cliches -- and in their place offers an honest look at young love and its pitfalls.
0.75 Miraculously, Deschanel makes Noel the real girl that both Paul and the movie very much need.
1.0 As we stumble and trip our way through romance, hearts aren't just broken -- they deflate until they disappear. Watching `All the Real Girls' is like listening to the hissing sound.
1.0 Green is 27, old enough to be jaded, but he has the soul of a romantic poet.
0.5 The main characters are unremarkable, and most of the acting is dull.
0.625 Art-school stew, made, in this case, from Green's own leftovers.
0.75 A small movie about big emotions, with Green capturing the rush of love and sting of heartbreak with great vividness.
0.5 Wallows in high-fallutin' indie-ness while catering to self-indulgent reality.
0.625 ...now that I sit down to review the picture a couple weeks later, I barely remember it. Whatever positive impression it left sure didn't last.
0.8 Isn't likely to win over the romance audiences who look for fluffy distractions ... [but] will please those who like their relationship movies honest, realistic, and understated.
0.5 A handsomely photographed movie of little consequence.
0.6 The film's strengths are overshadowed by Green's flawed script, which wobbles awkwardly between art-house eccentricity and trite Hollywood sentimentality.
0.875 Serves as an incisive commentary on the extent to which we, as the modern audience, have learned to accept a certain contrived cleverness as the true evocation of love.
0.75 Girls isn't fabulous, but you do feel its characters really have connected.
0.4 Too many scenes feel like actor's exercises in which characters assume unconventional positions and suffer bouts of spontaneous dancing.
0.625 Paul Schneider, a buoyant young newcomer from North Carolina, is the No. 1 reason to see David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls.
0.875 A love story for dorks, and I mean that in the best possible way.
0.7 An incredibly real story about first love -- not just realistic, but real -- and a heart-breaking but unyielding portrait of what happens when that emotional purity inevitably falls apart.
0.75 One of the few films to honestly nail the awkwardness and ardor of young romance.
0.7 Mr. Green, with unabashed sincerity and exquisite tenderness, captures both the world-stopping intensity and the delicate absurdity of youthful longing.
0.6 Like the confused young people whose tumultuous emotions it details, David Gordon Green's All the Real Girls is exhilarating as well as a little bit frustrating to spend time with.
0.8 From a Southern perspective, the movie's a true breath of fresh air. For once, we're treated to Southern characters who aren't gun-totin' rednecks with exaggerated accents.
0.75 A realistic portrayal of how first love resonates on its lucky people in a small southern town.
0.6 This then is David Gordon Green's cinema - messy, frustrating, and fascinating, an ever-growing process towards something unknown.
0.8 A timeless portrait of two individuals' awkward, euphoric first encounter with love.
0.5 Rather than tying together into a satisfying whole, the fragments seem to fly off in any number of directions, and a sweet, simple tale of young love dissolves into a mishmash.
0.8 Stunningly beautiful, but too intense for little kids.
0.625 The very definition of harmless, watchable entertainment. Exactly whether or not that is good enough depends on who you are.
0.75 It's that rare kind of comedy -- simple humor based on personalities, behavior, and folly .... rather than forced through crass punchlines or annoying sidekicks.
0.7 As with The Bear much of the plot is carried by animal photography, though this film has considerably more human plot. A good family film, and a moving experience.
0.6 It's undoubtedly good-natured, old-fashioned family entertainment, but Two Brothers never quite manages to strike a successful balance between fantasy and reality.
0.75 The kind of movie that kids used to flock to on Saturday afternoons in the forties and fifties.
0.75 Although the lulled pacing of Two Brothers could put an insomniac in slumber land, the film's leading felines are more captivating than most high-paid Hollywood stars.
0.875 Watching Kumal and Sangha, some viewers may even be reminded of lines from Blake's famous poem 'The Tyger': 'What immortal hand or eye/Could frame thy fearful symmetry?'
0.625 Teems with life and a rather beautiful simplicity when Annaud focuses squarely on the tiger cubs - but then the humans come crashing in to make a mess of things.
0.5 I was put off by the way the movie anthropomorphizes the tigers.
0.875 Please take your family to see this rare and marvelous movie.
0.4 The tigers are roaring but the movie is boring
0.8 [It's] a marvel of filmmaking.
0.75 This film is a pure delight and is great viewing for young and old alike.
0.75 Two Brothers features some amazing wildlife cinematography and those great, almost human performances by the thirty or so tigers that were used to make the film.
0.5 There's something awfully disturbing about Two Brothers, and it's not the fact that Guy Pearce is in it.
0.625 The rare family film that doesn't talk down to audiences, yet never as gripping or moving as one anticipates.
0.625 The tiger cub actors are really precious. The same can't be said of the human actors or the script.
0.875 Yes, the animals are the stars. But there's nothing cutesy about "Two Brothers," an often saddening but entertaining tale with tigers as its stars.
0.6 Pearce and the rest of the human actors seem to be an afterthought, but the film is beautiful, the grown tigers majestic and the cubs utterly adorable.
0.6 The movie can be taken as quality children's entertainment ... But the film offers much more than that.
0.75 Impeccably well-crafted, kid-friendly and downright cuddly.
0.5 A beautiful film, but it's also a troubled one.
0.625 Two Brothers may not be a great movie, but it's an unusually diverting episode of Wild Kingdom.
0.4 Brothers can't avoid the sappy Disney touches -- even though it comes from Universal.
0.625 You don't have to be a cat-lover to fall in love with the cuddly young tigers who star in Two Brother.
0.75 Although special effects and careful editing pitch in, the wild-kingdom authenticity on display is an astonishing achievement.
0.5 It is a good thing the tigers at the center of Two Brothers give such strong performances. Without them, the movie would be a lifeless bore.
0.625 Two Brothers is the kind of movie that makes me optimistic for the future of family films.
0.75 Whenever Annaud focuses on the tigers, the wordless action is beautifully shot and amazing to watch.
0.9 A magnificent spectacle that transcends movie genres.
0.7 Two Brothers is not as brilliant as Annaud's triumphant 1989 nature film The Bear, but it is still a magical family adventure.
0.75 An enjoyable, Kipling-esque adventure.
0.75 One of the better live-action, family-oriented dramas in recent memory.
0.625 There is a lot in Two Brothers I admire. Families will not go wrong in attending this film. Some kids will think it's one of the best movies they've seen. My objections are of a sort that won't occur, I realize, to many of the viewers.
0.75 The human behavior in Brothers remains problematic, but the tiger siblings of the title rule the screen each time they appear.
0.6 Jean-Jacques Annaud finds what comes across as genuine emotion and complex thought processes in the beautiful faces of his lead stars.
0.625 The Bear was a little too cutesy for my taste, but director Jean-Jacques Annaud gets the tone right this time.
0.75 As he did with The Bear, Annaud captures expressions on the animals' faces, distinct looks in their eyes: fear, resignation, love, contentment, rage.
0.5 It doesn't help the actors that the tigers have all the good lines.
0.75 Forget about all those fake CGI critters that have become the norm as of late ... Annaud's approach is so retro that it's practically progressive.
0.6 Loses its 'family film' lustre with all the tiger killing/cruelty, but manages to redeem itself in the end...recommended only as a rental.
0.5 Works best when showing the animals in nature, not dwelling on the cruelty they are forced to endure. There's an awful lot of tiger killing for an animal-lover movie.
0.625 It's either a children's movie for adults or an adult movie for children, with scenes to dazzle kids and others that could make them fidgety, though never to 'I wanna go hoooomme' extremes.
0.6 If you're familiar with [Annaud's] previous work you can accurately guess this venture's strengths and weaknesses.
0.9 When it comes to live-action animal dramas, no one does them quite like Jean-Jacques Annaud.
0.875 Director Jean-Jacques Annaud has done it again--a film that delights, saddens, gives hope and fully captures the spirit of the majestic tiger.
0.6 A family-friendly movie made for the same audience that likes to imagine talking animals.
0.625 It's refreshing to see an animal movie in which the animals don't talk, sing or cooperate in the marketing of fast-food restaurants.
0.75 [A] spectacularly beautiful movie.
0.7 While The Bear was an admirable, simple, straightforward drama, Two Brothers has more the flavor of a childhood fable.
0.8 Two Brothers feeds your hunger for PETA-friendly entertainment without sending you into a diabetic coma.
0.75 Virtuoso examples of manipulative editing and fabricated narrative.
1.0 It's an unabashed feel-good film, but a surprisingly intelligent one that honestly earns each smile and every tender moment.
0.75 The animal action is often gripping and suspenseful.
0.875 There's something simple yet miraculous about watching these beautiful animals interact with the wild and each other, even if their actions are being manipulated for the sake of drama.
0.7 Anyone older than 12 can figure out what's going to happen, but the movie still packs an emotional punch that will keep adults entertained as much as the young ones.
0.625 Two Brothers is OK, but not the family friendly fare you think it is.
0.75 A fine example of one of cinema's most endangered species -- an animal movie with a great script.
1.0 An extraordinary film about two wild tigers and the human beings who are changed irreparably by their encounters with these magnificent and mysterious creatures.
0.75 Two Brothers is like a children's book come to life, and it's this summer's "family film" to beat.
0.7 if you sided more with the tiger in the Siegfried and Roy mauling, this is definitely the film for you.
0.6 Animal-loving kids will think it's lovely, but it's only a mildly diverting time-waster for the rest of us.
0.7 A stunning, visually spectacular fable - and those wondrous little tiger cubs are irresistible.
0.7 Its dramatic success seems to derive largely from putting the inhabitants of separate worlds into a context where both belong.
0.75 A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it.
0.7 The actors play it straight, clearly aware that the tigers are the stars.
0.375 This could have been a compelling movie about a wonderful writer, but instead it's a tedious, pointless mess. After spending over 2 hours with Arenas, I still knew nothing about him. Javier Bardem's great performance seemed to be a complete waste.
1.0 "Before Night Falls" exuberantly portrays a writer whose legacy remains an acutely observant childhood spirit that no perversion of politics could break. Javier Bardem blends the swagger of Robert Downey Jr. and the brooding of a young Al Pacino.
0.625 despite a real commitment to Arenas and his work, the film just falls short.
0.625 The cinematography is beautiful and clearly shows the director's artistic bent, but the storytelling is often disjointed. . . . Ultimately, Before Night Falls is more successful as a Javier Bardem showcase than a movie.
0.5 [Bardem] simply does what the script calls for him to do, which is basically sustain a look of pain for two-hours plus.
0.75 Some may find Before Night Falls boring because of its episodic nature and its lack of a single, overriding plot. But Before Night Falls has some great qualities.
1.0 In uniting to honor Arenas, Bardem and Schnabel create something extraordinary.
0.4 The film, clocking in at a mere two hours, feels much, much longer.
0.75 Sencillamente, una de las mejores y mas emotivas cintas del ano
0.75 Schnabel can take on an apparently spent genre like the biopic and produce a pair of films that ooze vitality as they give their subjects a much needed celebration.
0.4 It seemed to exude more energy into its pretenses than the actual story.
0.82 Although it's sometimes slow-paced and mostly unassuming, Before Night Falls is the sort of movie that can change one's view of the world.
0.9 It's memorably etched in the viewer's mind through Bardem's complex portrait of a besieged but unbowed man.
0.75 The main reason to see Before Night Falls is Bardem, one of the few modern actors with real animal appeal and the guts to show it.
0.625 A trip to the bookstore to pick up Arenas' memoirs might be a better decision than seeking out this miscalculated character drama.
0.7 Paints Arenas as little more than an abstract, idealized vision.
0.875 Arenas is not presented as a cliche, as the heroic gay artist crushed by totalitarian straightness, but as a man who might have been approximately as unhappy no matter where he was born.
0.6 More a collection of half-formed images than any kind of a proper story.
0.75 Before Night Falls is successful because of their skill at composing and portraying the film's primary focus. It's just a shame that Schnabel neglects to fill in the rest of the portrait.
0.75 Spain's Javier Bardem gives an undeniably dynamic lead performance that lifts this labor of love over its incessant downer premise.
0.625 Anyone expecting a hard-hitting biography will be disappointed by Julian Schnabel's soft-edged, dreamy and relatively nonpolitical film.
0.8 Redolent of atmosphere and rapturously cinematic, Before Night Falls has a gift for creating visual mood that's so strong you'd swear it couldn't last -- but you'd be wrong.
0.8 Bardem's performance is simply shattering.
0.75 What drives this engrossing biography is the potent but subtle, complex, intimate and magnetic portrayal of the author by Javier Bardem.
0.75 An intriguing and sporadically powerful motion picture with a stellar central performance.
0.4 All this is well and good, it's just rather boring.
0.5 We are invited to let the film wash over us, but its disjointed amateurism prevents that from happening with much success.
0.8 You may leave the theater with the impression that quite a few documentaries would profit from deleting the talking heads in favor of an authentic dramatization such as Schnable's.
0.6 awkward story; it is just not very involving
0.8 Convincingly shows how freedom is the air that writers must breathe in order to fully express their creative souls.
0.8 The film has some great imagery.
0.875 A valuable film because it tells a tale of Cuban struggle and hardship of a type that we surprisingly don't see that often in film.
0.8 If Before Night Falls doesn't give us Arenas's life as he actually experienced it, it offers penetrating glimpses into his life as he may have dreamed it.
1.0 Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
0.8 The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
0.875 The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
0.6 It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
0.6 Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
0.375 Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
0.7 This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
0.7 the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
0.8 The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
0.6 A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
0.625 Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
1.0 Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
1.0 It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
0.6 It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
0.8 Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
0.8 A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
0.4 However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
0.6 It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
1.0 Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
1.0 It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
0.6 Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
0.8 This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
0.8 It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
0.8 Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
0.6 Snowtown brings cold comfort.
0.8 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
0.8 Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
0.8 Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
0.8 Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
0.7 This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
1.0 Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
0.9 Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
0.8 A gut-wrenching authenticity and damaged grace that cannot be denied.
0.7 Snowtown is an extreme exercise in Australian miserablism designed to demonstrate how toxic ideas spread like a plague in vulnerable communities to manifest in the most horrific way possible.
0.8 Few films can rightfully claim to offer its audience the opportunity to spend a couple hours in the bowels of hell, but Justin Kurzel might as well print up t-shirts saying as much to promote his feature film debut, Snowtown.
1.0 An incredible piece of cinema and a devastating, poetic work of storytelling, Snowtown is unmissable.
0.7 Uncompromising and distressing, Snowtown delves into the grizzly events of Australia's worst serial murders, while exploring the slippery slope of vigilante justice within a community left to the wolves.
0.7 Sitting through Snowtown is a kind of torture in itself. This isn't really a movie you enjoy watching; it's a movie you subject yourself to and must endure.
0.5 A mildly intriguing, yet ultimately detached and pitiless portrait of psychopathy.
0.7 Snowtown mines similar territory to Rowan Woods' seminal The Boys, in its exploration of very bad deeds born of pressure cooker family dysfunction and machismo.
0.8 a curiously-underloved film... Awakenings will get a re-evaluation in the wake of Williams' passing, and that's great. It's just a tragedy it took a tragedy to precipitate it.
0.8 Nonfunny Robin Williams role in moving story.
0.9 A beautifully moving, life-affirming true story.
0.6 Tour-de-force performances and one memorable storyline
0.6 I remember this film, which I saw 13 years ago, as a squishy article redeemed by two strong performances; I am not inclined to go back for a second opinion.
0.8 Moving and over-sentimental - but Marshall's best film.
0.8 Solid medical drama. Williams is terrific in a straight role.
0.4 Utter goo.
0.6 Moving and well-acted.
0.6 The beginning of Robin Williams' belief that being 'nice' equals cinematic brilliance. A mixed bag that received more acclaim than it should have.
0.6 A decent film that thinks it's more important than it actually is.
0.7 Pitch-perfect performances rescue a potentially melodramatic affair.
0.8 Great aerial stunts, good period atmosphere, and compelling story with Redford in good form.
1.0 It speaks to the courage and resilience of one man, the savagery of many, and the potential, for both good and for ill, in us all.
0.8 It is so fluent and so certain -- both in its humanism and its depiction of institutionalised savagery.
0.875 Given the subject matter of the film, it's unsurprising to say that 12 Years a Slave is moving, but it's a testament to the filmmaking just how devastating the experience of watching it actually is.
1.0 12 Years A Slave is a powerful, moving and intelligently unsentimental tale that is engrossing and memorable.
1.0 Yes, we've all been enlightened unto the depletive hell that was the era of American slavery. But perhaps never, at least through cinema, have we been placed so vividly among the human beings who suffered through it.
0.8 McQueen depicts the horrific experiences of Solomon Northup, the free man kidnapped and sold into slavery, in utterly unflinching fashion. The film's strength lies in its frankness and avoidance of either sentimentality or Quentin Tarantino-style irony.
0.5 The crux of 12 Years a Slave's power comes back to Chiwetel Ejiofor. What a great, touching, tenacious performance.
0.8 12 Years a Slave is the clearest view of slavery I've seen onscreen.
1.0 McQueen directs with a total lack of sentiment, crafting each sequence with a merciless forward momentum that compensates for the episodic nature of the narrative.
0.2 In its own saintly manner, it's as exploitative as anything critics accused Django Unchained of being, minus Tarantino's eye for idiosyncrasy and sense of humor.
1.0 As hard-hitting as this is, though, it's the muted sense of outrage and injustice coursing through every fibre of Solomon's being that lingers longest, ensuring 12 Years a Slave triumphs as a human story about an inhuman institution.
0.8 The film tells an irresistibly powerful story, in a way that does not shirk the horror. It is unbearable to watch at times, but that is as it should be.
1.0 The film is beautifully underplayed with an emotional undercurrent that gradually builds an accumulative force, before all of that anger and sorrow finally explodes to the surface in an unforgettable final scene.
1.0 Filled with astonishing, gut-wrenching performances, it brings Northup's stunning story to life in a deeply-affecting way.
0.5 A film that, despite its surface simplicity, proves to be riven with contradictions to the point of incoherence.
0.8 Whilst 12 Years may lack the grandiose scale of Amistad, McQueen's ability to extract tension and provide insight into the evil nature of men during a dark period in America's history, makes for compelling viewing.
0.8 As with Schindler's List, you won't want to be munching a bucket of popcorn through this.
0.9 Screenwriter John Ridley takes a story that's episodic in nature and crafts a narrative that manages to build in intensity and emotion for over two hours.
1.0 This isn't simply an important movie, but a dose of brutal truth that must be confronted, and done so with absolute certainty.
1.0 Lupita Nyong'o is the emotional epicenter of the entire film.
1.0 An uncompromising look at slavery in the Antebellum South. Anchored by career-defining performances by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Lupita Nyong'o, director Steve McQueen brings his assured directorial mind to a harrowing, but necessary picture.
0.8 Much of it is difficult to watch, but '12 Years a Slave' is that rare film that's both important in its message and a darned good film all the same.
0.7 While the praise for 12 Years a Slave has been rather overblown, it's still a recommendable film due to its incredible cast, which helps cover up its weaknesses.
1.0 This is a truly impressive piece of filmmaking.
1.0 O que nos torna racistas nao e o preconceito que exercemos de maneira ativa, mas a intolerancia contra as mais diversas minorias que simplesmente nos mostramos incapazes de perceber.
0.9 An unflinching, uncomfortable and entirely necessary modern classic.
1.0 There is a reason that Slave has topped the best of list of 25 major film critics and won the Golden Globe for Best Picture. Miss it at your own loss.
1.0 Using dialogue sparsely and shocking images relentlessly, McQueen's movie brilliantly explores the implications and legacy of slavery, and debunks some of its more cherished myths.
1.0 Minds will be opened, perhaps even changed by what they see (and indeed, feel) here.
0.9 The film imparts the casual cruelty of slavery with full force without having to resort to graphic portrayals of on-screen brutality. The film certainly has those, but they are sporadic, well-judged and serve the larger story of a man starved of freedom.
0.8 It may well be the greatest film ever made about slavery, but that says more about the movie world than the work itself.
0.8 In its portrayal of violence and spectatorship, it stays in the mind.
0.9 The fortuitously named [Steve McQueen] follows up his previous pictures Hunger and Shame with this similarly pit-of-the-stomach venturing, queasy-making drama
1.0 Ejiofor proves himself a master of physical understatement, the clench of his teeth and slightest parting of the lips speaking volumes.
0.7 This is a terrifically well-intended and necessarily difficult movie to watch: but I'm not entirely convinced McQueen has delivered quite the masterpiece some would suggest it is.
1.0 A tale of suffering, endurance, courage and abiding humanity about a freeborn man kidnapped and sold into slavery, which packs all the more wallop for the elegance with which it's made.
1.0 Ejiofor projects extraordinary integrity, even nobility - and he holds the camera magnificently. It's a deeply inward, deeply felt performance, surely a cert for one of the many Oscars this film must win.
1.0 The American South's "peculiar institution" has, it seems, become a fit topic for narrative cinema. And it only took a century.
1.0 12 Years a Slave proves McQueen's formal prowess and, more significantly, his utter seriousness as a dramatist.
0.9 Much more than a film about 19th century slavery in America, this sharply well-told true story has a lot to say about the world we live in today.
0.6 There's little doubt that this painfully authentic adaptation of former slave Solomon Northup's memoir is an important film. But it is not an easy one to sit through.
1.0 It does what great cinema should do: takes you on an extraordinary journey and make you feel grateful to be alive.
1.0 12 Years a Slave isn't simply a masterpiece, it's a milestone. This, at last, really is history written with lightning.
1.0 The whole film breathes with reality, even while the bayou landscapes are infernalised, surrealised, by a terrible beauty of vision.
1.0 A flat-out masterpiece, a magnificent, uncompromising and emotionally devastating slavery drama with a superb script, stunning direction and an extraordinary central performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor.
0.8 One of Britain's greatest living filmmakers offers an outraged, intense and artful examination of American slavery.
1.0 A relentless, raw and visceral condemnation of a viciously racist regime that condemned its victims to a life of hard labour with random cruelties thrown in and justified by a skewed interpretation of the Old Testament.
1.0 McQueen's previous films were called Hunger and Shame; there is plenty of both in this almost unwatchably shocking and violent film.
1.0 The cumulative emotional effect is devastating: the final scenes are as angry, as memorable, as overwhelming as anything modern cinema has to offer.
1.0 The violence is starkly pictured by McQueen, lingering on black skin torn apart to reveal milky white flesh and, of course, red blood.
0.8 Falling between the twin pillars of the art house and prestige period flick, 12 Years A Slave is history lesson as horror film, powerful, visceral and affecting.
1.0 In a film brimming with great performances -- including Fassbender as the ruthless Epps, and Nyong'o's star-making work as the tormented Patsey -- Ejiofor's portrayal of Northup shines.
0.75 12 Years a Slave remains an important film, if nothing else for the fact that these are not anonymous characters created for Hollywood storytelling, but one man's remarkable story that puts a face on history.
1.0 These people are presented as they must have seemed at the time, even to themselves; there's no sense of a 21st-century actor sending out subtle I'm-not-really-like-this signals.
0.875 While Nature/Fate/God can perform apparent wickedness without conscience, neither hold a candle to man.
0.82 Punishing, relentless, terrible and necessary
1.0 The year's best film, this drama is a cinematic achievement and will be impossible to forget.
0.9 This is an extraordinary film.
0.9 I find [McQueen] extraordinary and I thought also what it was really about was the concept of man as a chattel.
1.0 Shooting the travesties at an artistic remove as if he were observing slavery as a mechanism, McQueen's lush, foreboding compositions don't get in the way of the soul-crushing story.
1.0 So very artfully fiddling while America burns
1.0 If 12 Years a Slave sounds like a brutal viewing experience then you'd be right, but in eschewing sentimentality and striving for honesty in the storytelling it is also a powerful, essential drama.
1.0 The feel terrible film of 2013, but for a very good reason
1.0 Unflinching, excruciating direction from McQueen; arresting and affective performances from Chiwetel Ejiofor, Lupita Nyong'o & Michael Fassbender; John Ridley's adaption of this shamefully true story is epic; 12 Years a Slave is extraordinary.
1.0 One of this year's must-see films, this is not simply a worthy tribute of a subject too often ignored by Hollywood; it's also a remarkable piece of cinema in its own right.
0.9 Like Steven Spielberg's LINCOLN from last year, and for which this is a good companion piece, this film is required viewing to understand the United States as it was
1.0 Some movies are 'must-see,' but '12 Years a Slave' goes beyond that to 'deserves to be seen' status. The film, which tells a true story, is a rarity that pulls no punches about the hellishness of slavery.
1.0 avoids an easy sense of moralizing and propels us deep into the characters' experiences
1.0 Through a rich, grueling portrait of the machinery of institutionalized slavery, it asks us to examine the rotten core of slavery and how it permeates our entire culture, not just to ponder life in the 1840s.
0.8 Horrifying. Riveting. Must see.
0.7 Good, but not as great as it should have been.
1.0 The film of the decade.
1.0 12 Years a Slave isn't always easy to sit through, but it is most definitely a vital and profound motion picture.
1.0 Not only the most powerful movie yet produced about our national shame but also the rare film about history and race that does not seek to absolve, comfort or flatter the mass audience it aspires to reach.
0.8 With relentlessly calm intensity, it depicts the institution as a machine - a pitiless mechanism that's countered with pitiless direction from filmmaker Steve McQueen.
0.75 ...meticulously made, sporadically captivating, and yet palpably overlong...
1.0 The stunning and tragic true story of a free black man sold into slavery in the pre-Civil War South, 12 Years a Slave is guttural, raw, and necessary to the moment, the kind of film that merits critical accolades and industry trophies.
1.0 12 Years a Slave Devastating and Memorable
1.0 Raw emotion manifest...not easily forgotten, as it should be.
0.9 Beautifully made and stylish to no end -- even elegant. With an assured hand, McQueen has captured the uncomfortable juxtaposition of natural beauty and unnatural ugliness.
0.5 12 Years a Slave is not a game.
0.875 Knowing the story's outcome does nothing to lessen the potency of what's shown on screen, largely because of the courageous manner in which McQueen holds certain shots as if he's daring us to look away for even a second.
0.875 Ejiofor's performance is the heart and soul of the movie. He is transformed from a carefree and happy family man to a downtrodden individual who has the hope for rescue continually quashed or beaten out of him.
0.6 12 Years a Slave doesn't add much to the ongoing conversation about slavery but it's a well-made meditation about a man who endures a terrifying journey.
1.0 The extraordinary 12 Years a Slave thrusts its lead character (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and the audience into slavery's moral and psychological morass more fully and directly than any movie before it.
0.9 Brutal yet elegant, 12 Years a Slave is a beautifully rendered punch to the gut about the most shameful chapter in American history.
0.8 By forcing his audience to watch, passively, for minute after minute, McQueen makes us all complicit. It's the scene that no American has been able to produce because it's void of heroism, and shows us slavery as a mere means of doing business.
1.0 It is not an angry movie or a judgmental one, and this just-the-facts approach brings home the heartbreaking reality of slavery in America.
1.0 Not the first (and most certainly will not be the last) film to tackle the subject of America's shameful history of slavery, but it often feels like the first real one.
0.875 This is a nightmare of a film, but an unforgettable one.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" is essential because its raw impact is unrivaled.
0.8 Exceedingly well-crafted and brilliantly acted by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender, McQueen's go-to star, the movie is harrowing, intense and important.
1.0 British director Steve McQueen and American screenwriter John Ridley adapt Solomon Northup's meticulous slave narrative into a masterpiece of clear-eyed historical drama.
1.0 It provokes recognition in us of the very heart of darkness. It makes the unimaginable imaginable.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" isn't easy to watch, and it shouldn't be; it's one man's tragedy, but it's also the tragedy of countless thousands of souls beaten down, literally and metaphorically.
1.0 The film is both brutal to watch and stunning to contemplate, powerfully challenging audiences - particularly white audiences - to examine their consciences.
1.0 Slavery is revealed for the unrelenting horror that it was. About time.
0.875 It's a tough movie to watch but a rewarding and thoughtful one.
0.875 A graphically violent portrayal of the treatment of people trapped in human bondage before the Civil War, as well as a disturbing portrait of the perversity that festered in slaveholders.
1.0 One of the best and most courageous films of the year.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is admirable, important, and serious filmmaking that is antithetical to what most people think of as entertainment. While it might not be perfect, it demands and deserves your attention.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is at times difficult to watch but always impossible to turn away from.
0.875 The film succeeds by simply, plainly placing audiences in the emotional crucible of pre-abolition America and firing their imaginations.
0.875 The film wants to hurt you, knows you are terrified of what it will show you, then shows you way more than you bargained for.
0.8 Provocative yet well made drama.
1.0 This is not medicine for America to swallow; it's filmmaking of the highest caliber.
1.0 McQueen makes the theater drapes melt away, immersing audiences in a story that will make them feel like witnesses to history.
1.0 But make no mistake, this is Ejiofor's show, and he commands it utterly from minute one.
1.0 The film hits like a sledgehammer, in part because it suggests that films about slavery are rare because we are guilty of burying the shameful aspects of our history.
0.7 Though Solomon Northupp's story is one that deserves to be told, it could have benefited from a little restraint.
0.8 Imperfect but must-see epic drama with major cruelty.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is an outstanding triumph in filmmaking since it's so unbelievably captivating yet will leave you feeling so undeniably uncomfortable as it takes pride in ripping your mortality to shreds over the course of two hours.
1.0 But the much talked-about 12 Years a Slave is more than a beautifully shot art piece. It's history made violently real.
1.0 Other movies and books have gone here, but few so far and with such overwhelming clarity of purpose.
0.74 Ejiofor brings imposing physicality and intimidating intellect to the role, and thus Northup poses a threat to his enemies -- even if they can't articulate it as such.
0.875 The film offers a formidable indictment of the cruelty of which human beings are capable.
1.0 With this powerful, almost classical drama, British director Steve McQueen has made the seminal film about slavery that Hollywood feared to tackle.
0.9 A gripping drama and immaculate depiction of human suffering and strength.
1.0 Some might dread its violence, but in its truth in showing us the American slavery experience, 12 Years a Slave is glorious in its brutality. It's required viewing for all Americans and a vital universal lesson about man's inhumanity to man.
0.875 So raw and distressing is this historical account of a true-life American slave, it's tempting to turn away from the screen. Or maybe just cover your eyes for a few minutes of respite. Try not to.
1.0 Stands a good chance of ending up the definitive American film about slavery.
1.0 ...a masterpiece.
0.8 Brutal, harrowing, powerful and exceptionally well-acted. Worth seeing but not for those with weak stomachs. Director Steve McQueen doesn't spare the viewer.
0.875 Ejiofor gives the audience more emotion with a glance than most actors could muster with an entire page of dialogue.
0.75 This movie could be a useful classroom tool for those studying America's shameful slavery days.
0.8 This is a tremendously powerful drama that simultaneously highlights the human capacity for cruelty and for resilience, bolstered by an extraordinary, wrenching performance from Ejiofor.
0.875 Many viewers will likely have a hard time sitting through it. Watching it is necessary, though, and hugely rewarding. The results aren't just supremely fine, but an example of important moviemaking transcending art as entertainment.
0.875 McQueen brings urgency to the subject by depicting it with a documentarian's precision; there's no false hope, only despair, in this portrait of humanity at its worst.
1.0 12 Years a Slave, British director Steve McQueen's antebellum Southern drama, sets a new standard in realistically depicting American slavery.
0.875 "12 Years a Slave" is a somber, meditative, almost poetic film that delivers the horrors of bondage stripped down and head-on.
0.9 "12 Years" is a tour de force, just one of the most unpleasant ones you will ever see.
1.0 A brutally powerful and emotionally devastating film that takes great pains to rip any lingering vestiges of romanticism from America's most shameful institution.
1.0 Remarkable.
0.9 Director McQueen's now signature techniques are on full display here. In Ejiofor, McQueen finds another gifted actor that embraces hard and emotive story-telling.
1.0 [T]he most important achievement of this staggering film is how acutely and precisely [McQueen] depicts the psychological cruelty...
0.95 The most powerful movie I never want to see again. This is not a film meant to entertain or be enjoyed, but rather provide the most unflinching, rawest portrayal of slavery ever put to film and McQueen accomplishes that masterfully.
0.9 12 Years A Slave is more than just one of the best movies of the year, it stands alongside Roots as a significant cinematic contribution to this country's never ending discussion about slavery.
1.0 The harrowing 12 Years a Slave is a mesmerizing period drama for the ages.
1.0 McQueen doesn't go in for a lot of flash edits or self-conscious visual flourishes to put viewers at ease; rather, he invites the audience to sit with him as he gazes, amazed, at man's inhumanity to man ...
1.0 A film this good, and this quietly distinctive in its style, is always welcome.
1.0 A harrowing, unforgettable drama that doesn't look away from the reality of slavery and, in so doing, helps us all fully, truly confront it.
1.0 "12 Years a Slave" works on so many levels -- some topical, some timeless -- that it's almost impossible to count them.
0.9 There are horrors aplenty in Steve McQueen's blistering, cold-eyed epic of slavery.
1.0 12 Years a Slave is not easy to watch, but it is perfectly constructed to present a sense of time and place, to show rather than tell the evil of it.
1.0 It's an important subject given a realistic, respectful treatment without diminishing the cruelty and the inhumane nature of institutionalized slavery.
0.8 The sheer power of the performances capably transport viewers to a place that most of us can't even comprehend.
1.0 You won't be able to tuck this powder keg in the corner of your mind and forget it. What we have here is a blistering, brilliant, straight-up classic.
1.0 A raw, powerful film that matters, but watching it doesn't feel like work. If this movie ever appears on a syllabus, students will look forward to class.
1.0 This harrowing story of the worst of humanity is deceptively simple and straightforward. 12 Years a Slave is an essential film for all to see.
0.65 12 Years a Slave is possibly the best horror film of the year, but it's a disappointing drama.
1.0 The film truly belongs to Ejiofor, whose big, soulful eyes seem to register so many things at once: Shock, pain, grit, determination, abject despair at times, cautious hope at others - and always, dignity.
0.9 [McQueen's] film is a tough, soul-sickening, uncompromising work of art that makes certain that when viewers talk about the evils of slavery, they know its full dimension.
1.0 If the best films hold you in a captive vise, entertain you, keep you spellbound and teach you something at the same time, then 12 Years a Slave is outstanding-brave, courageous and unforgettable.
1.0 Brave performances throughout this magnificent film.
1.0 It's clear from the start that this movie isn't content to simply be viewed. The picture stares back.
1.0 12 Years A Slave is an ambitious endeavor.
0.75 Brutal and relentless, it's hard to recommend 12 Years a Slave whole-heartedly even though it's incredibly well directed and acted across the board.
1.0 The best picture of the year.
0.81 An ultimately cold experience, but one that must be seen.
0.8 Savage, uncompromising and gruesomely cringe-inducing, this true tale will shock you and anger you, but it may also touch you very deeply.
0.9 12 Years A Slave will beat you down emotionally, scene after scene, without any mercy - but that's just a testament to the brilliant direction, transformation-like performances, and unapologetic storytelling.
1.0 A sobering slave narrative recounting a recorded, real-life case of inhuman bondage.
0.8 There's none of Django Unchained's revenge fantasies or tomfoolery here, only a sober depiction of the cruelty and oppression that defined a long and very ugly chapter of American history.
1.0 A sobering drama about racism and slavery that will sear your soul and set you thinking about the shadow side of American history.
0.75 The drooping Spanish moss is about the only visual icon that this film shares with Gone With the Wind.
1.0 In many ways, Northrup, an educated free man, is the ideal avatar for the modern audience. He, like us, does not come to slavery naturally or easily.
1.0 Believe the Oscar buzz. Britain's Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame) nails the horror of America's slavery shame but also finds humanity in one man's determination to free himself and return to his family.
0.5 Steve McQueen's impersonal approach to his subject matter isn't solely to blame for the failure of 12 Years a Slave, a safely anecdotal mosaic closer in spirit to Edward P. Jones's The Known World than to Toni Morrison's radically constructed Beloved.
1.0 It's a story that transcends the typical expectations of the slave narrative, a story that indeed isn't about a slave but a man, a human being, fighting for his soul.
0.8 This magnificent, shocking work is likely to become a sort of reference text about the horrors of one of the darkest chapters in America's history.
1.0 ...refuses to take the easy road.
1.0 It's the nobility of this remarkable film that pierces the soul.
1.0 Stark, visceral and unrelenting, 12 Years a Slave is not just a great film but a necessary one.
0.9 A film that will no doubt come to be known as the definitive movie on slavery in America. It's something everyone should be obligated to see, as it conveys the nightmare of that period in a real, affecting, personal way.
1.0 This might just be one of the most powerful films you ever watch
0.625 Hunger and Shame were mimetic where 12 Years a Slave is diegetic.
0.7 easy to sympathize with
0.75 The film's greatest asset is Sibille's slow-burning performance Santiago, a man whose nature and aspirations are fundamentally at odds.
0.75 Pietro Sibille is exceptional as Santiago, and the rest of the cast turn in dynamic performances.
0.8 Dias de Santiago zeros in on the disconnect between one man's sense of entitlement and the unforgiving realities of life in contemporary Lima.
0.6 The main problem here is there is no one to root for
0.4 An uneasy mix of bloodshed and sentimentality that rarely digs beneath the surface of gang mentality, much less its specific place within Asian American culture.
0.6 [Its] problems cannot be ignored.
0.6 Covers a lot of ground as it rolls: religion, the toll of war, mortality, what it means to be a man.
0.6 This would be a fitting conclusion to a long and illustrious career.
0.7 Gran Torino is not Eastwood's best film as director or actor but it perfectly encapsulates his onscreen persona and his brilliant directorial career.
0.8 After the clumsy beginning, the deft writing and excellent acting has so sunk you into your relationship with Walt and Sue and Thao that by the end, I loved this movie, but it took a while to snag me.
0.8 Un film pose et d'une grande intelligence emotionnelle qui va au-dela des barrieres des croyances ou des origines pour defendre une tradition tout simplement humaine.
0.75 Take it for what it is: An old guy who gives himself one last juicy role as the flawed, haunted anti-hero, an old guy who's done this so often that he isn't above making himself look silly as well as heroic (he even croons the title song over the ending c
0.875 If this is the end of the road for the Man With No Name, it's a memorable, winning way for him to go out.
0.7 Clint Eastwood has become one of Hollywood's best and most dependable filmmakers.
1.0 ... Starts as one thing, then becomes something else entirely.
0.75 It's as vigorous and entertaining a feature as you could expect from a 78-year-old filmmaker star.
0.5 Gran Torino is a smorgasbord of Eastwood's skills as filmmaker -- the good, the bad, and the ugly -- and how well you digest it will depend on your appetite.
0.6 Un film menor en la carrera de Clint Eastwood, pero no por ello falto de interes o poco entretenido. Si efectivamente se trata de la despedida de Eastwood como actor, entonces se trata de una despedida digna y sentida.
1.0 Be sure to have tissues handy for an ending that is guaranteed to elicit sympathetic tears.
0.4 Eastwood parece se atrapalhar entre a vontade de contar uma historia protagonizada por uma versao envelhecida de seu Dirty Harry e outra na qual aparentemente interpreta o pobre Sr. Wilson, vizinho e vitima de Dennis, o Pimentinha.
0.75 a mighty entertaining drama, anchored by a cantankerous-yet-appealing performance by Eastwood himself.
0.75 Well worth seeing if only for another great Eastwood performance.
0.6 Seeing the new inclusive Clint shows an old dog can learn new tricks. But like Walt himself, I can't help but prefer Dirty Harry to Caring Clint any day.
0.6 Although the first half feels a little devoid of direction, Eastwood takes out the jump leads and kicks it into life, giving the second half of the film a better pace, vibrancy and gentle humour that makes Gran Torino worth at least one ride.
1.0 Gran Torino is a vastly entertaining star vehicle that manages to reconcile the vigilante ethos of Eastwood's early hits with the more humane values that have been such an appealing facet of his later career.
0.8 Overall this is a masterful piece of storytelling and a film which will rightly be regarded as a classic. Eastwood is on staggering form as an actor and equally inspiring as a director.
0.8 Eastwood is perfect as a growling cur of a man attempting to keep humanity at arms' length. Yet he's lonely, concurrently playing games of 'keep away' and 'notice me.'
0.6 This is still an enjoyably big, brash, macho melodrama, saved from absurdity by Eastwood's cracking performance.
1.0 This wise, likeable and extremely entertaining picture is a must-see. It is already the highest-grossing film in Eastwood's illustrious career.
0.8 Clint decides to do both jobs and again shows he has a mature grasp of film-making. It is an uncomplicated movie which makes its point very clearly.
0.6 In a way it's quite touching that Eastwood still believes a man is never too old to change. One only wishes that Gran Torino were a little more subtle and a little less earnest in its operations.
0.8 The film, about ageing and mortality, racism and redemption, is one of Eastwood's finest: tender, tragic and funny in equal measures.
1.0 You may enjoy Gran Torino as an eccentric mix of violence and violins. This is the story of a man who has little time left and is looking for a respectable exit. The film finds elegance in his attempts to grasp it.
0.8 Simply terrific, enormously watchable and an absolute must for all Eastwood fans. Gotta say it: this film will make your day.
0.666666666667 The comedy-drama on release is actually a rather wise, insightful exploration of family and friendship, violence and vengeance.
0.6 Eastwood's swansong performance provides the glue for a foul-mouthed, funny, deeply un-PC and very likeable drama that toys with Eastwood's image as a macho icon and slowly turns audience expectations on their head.
0.6 What the film aches for is a challenge worthy of the monster Eastwood effortlessly inhabits.
0.4 He never manages, though, to penetrate to his character's much-touted depths, and it's left to young non-professionals Vang and Her to infuse the action with a spry, casual liveliness that offsets the film's rickety set-up and pacing.
0.6 If Eastwood and newbie writer Nick Schenck hadn't lost their nerve and fallen back on Hollywood convention at the last moment, the story might have hit home with greater force.
0.8 Relentlessly gripping, wryly funny yet profoundly moving - another movie masterclass from Clint.
0.6 It's a movie for Eastwood fans. Which should mean it's a movie for you.
0.8 Gran Torino features a grand performance by one of the greatest ever movie stars - it's as if Dirty Harry had never been away...
0.8 Gran Torino is made without fuss and acted out with the kind of natural grace only a real titan of the cinema could manage. And Clint is a titan - one of the best directors in America and a performer whose range has extended mightily throughout his career
0.8 Impressively directed, emotionally engaging drama with a strong script and a terrific performance from Clint Eastwood.
1.0 It's a monumentally great film and keeps you spellbound till the lights come back up again.
1.0 The Eastwood legend is set against false sentiment, pot-pourried politics. There's no Disney in this Walt.
1.0 Gran Torino may prove to be one be one of Eastwood's best.
0.375 I understand that Eastwood meant well, and it is interesting to fill up a tried-and-true movie formula with this much frank racism in order to make it different, but Gran Torino is just a well-intentioned mess.
0.875 Eastwood gives us a morbid take on righting wrongs in a world that lends no help to the victimized...
1.0 they don't make movies like this anymore
0.9 A brilliant commentary on a lot of earlier Clint Eastwood roles.
0.875 Eastwood's dead-pan delivery is so familiar that it has its own built-in humor and draw, but it's all just set-up, which is precisely what makes the film such an intriguing trick
0.8 Gran Torino had the biggest wide-opening at the box office of Clint Eastwood's career. In Gran Torino Clint plays hard-bitten, alienated, anti-everything Walt Kowalski. Sound familar? Clint didn't bring back Dirty Harry, but he gave us Dirty
0.8 A well-acted, compelling and engrossing drama.
0.5 With his shamelessly overblown ending, Eastwood reveals a taste for something he's never served up before -- corn.
0.8 Gran Torino is to Dirty Harry what Unforgiven was to The Outlaw Josey Wales.
0.8 Interpreted by another director, Nick Schenk's script might have been merely a sentimental fable of a grinch redeemed.
0.875 Torino proves a grand exit for Eastwood.
0.75 Awkward as a social drama - as if Eastwood had only lately seen Boyz N the Hood - yet as another one of his meditations on aging, the movie is on to something.
0.75 Clint Eastwood's steady directorial hand proves instrumental in smoothing over the few overtly ineffective elements within Nick Schenk's admittedly far-from-subtle screenplay.
0.875 [Eastwood] seems to have inherited a quality most often seen in great European filmmakers %u2014 the ability to both age gracefully, and channel his life experience into his work.
0.7 It is familiar, but only to a point. Suddenly, that point is past and much more serious questions come up, questions of responsibility, of vengeance, of the efficacy of blood for blood.
0.75 It's not necessary to be familiar with Eastwood's career arc to enjoy Gran Torino, but it does amplify the appreciation for the manner in which the topic of violence is approached.
0.9 It's pure Eastwood and that means it is grand entertainment
0.875 Gran Torino gets laughs when it wants to be funny, earns your empathy when it wants to be affecting, and makes you think when it speaks its mind.
0.625 Eastwood grunts, snarls, curses and gives young punks the stink-eye with precision, playing his most racist character ever for entertainment and comic purposes.
0.85 An ideal platform for writer/ director Clint Eastwood to show the world that, at 78 years of age, he's at the top of his game.
0.5 Ham-handed...makes Afterschool Specials look like Ibsen.
1.0 Eastwood has said that, at age 78, this may be his last time in front of the camera. I urge you not to miss a legend at the top of his game
1.0 At 78 you still believe Clint Eastwood is a seriously dangerous man. I wouldn't want to fight him. Some say this is his best-ever performance. That's hard to argue.
0.875 If Gran Torino is Clint Eastwood's last acting gig, he's gone out in top form.
0.8 If you've had the grandfather from a different generation who didn't worry about being politically correct, you should find some familiarity with which you can identify.
0.875 Maybe it's his no-nonsense style -- unaffected acting, matter-of-fact cinematography, the deft juggling of emotional opposites -- but Gran Torino seems to unfold effortlessly in the hands of a master.
0.875 It's interesting to note that [Eastwood's] still going strong at 78. What's even more interesting is that the last two decades includes some of the finest work of his career.
0.75 Eastwood is funny this time around. Sure, the crumedgeon isn't taking bouncy balls to the crotch like some slapstick hack or dressing up as a dozen fat relatives at the dinner table like Eddie Murphy, but he made me laugh popping off ethnic barbs.
0.875 Its bluntness and sincerity -- and the undistracted momentum of its storytelling -- are like splashes of cold water in a face gone slack from a surfeit of irony and sophistication.
1.0 "Gran Torino" will knock your socks off, but be prepared to have some ear bleeding after all the graphic comments and cursing you will hear."
0.25 Clint Eastwood...gives the hammiest performance of his career.
0.75 Gran Torino gives us an opportunity -- growing rarer each year -- to watch a national treasure for two hours. Make that a national treasure who continues, as a filmmaker, to challenge ideas about what it means to be an American.
1.0 Where Gran Torino fails at social criticism, it succeeds at capturing an engrossing snapshot of the human saga. If ita(TM)s Clinta(TM)s last film, ita(TM)s a perfect ending.
0.875 Another compelling story from an American master.
0.875 Eastwood's second film this year is a compelling study of anger and violence and the guilt and shame that shadow them. He has sat high in the saddle for decades, but rarely has he ridden so tall as in the driver's seat of Gran Torino.
0.625 Gran Torino is the most obvious and least interesting of the four movies [Eastwood's] directed in the last two years.
0.6 It's a well-crafted character, stuck in a bad movie, which is a back-handed compliment considering Eastwood produced and directed as well. Now it's time for a PBR and a cigarette. Man, Walt is influential.
0.9 If Gran Torino is in fact the fat lady singing on Eastwood's acting career, I couldn't think of a more fitting way to say goodbye to one of Hollywood's most iconic and revered stars.
0.75 Ultimately, Gran Torino is not recommended for its moralizing or its scenery, but for Eastwood's compelling performance.
0.5 Alas, the preposterous ending fritters away much of the goodwill the film has slowly gained.
0.375 Gran Torino is far, far from Eastwood's best. But he gets to leave his die-hard fans clapping and crying. For the rest of us, it's so thoroughly mediocre it operates like a potent soporific.
0.8 Eastwood plans to go on making more movies, but it's doubtful any will be as satisfying a career culmination as Gran Torino.
0.91 Eastwood can be ham-handed ... but he never allows moral instruction to dilute the entertainment value of his films. He loads his movies with ideas ... but is never ostentatious with his intelligence and deep themes.
0.875 Except for the overstated growl, which admittedly is nitpicky, Eastwood may have directed himself right back into Oscar contention.
0.5 If Joel Schumacher had directed this, there might still be people enjoying it as the B-movie that it is, but no one would be calling it great.
0.9 It's pretty effective thanks to Clint's obvious joy at playing a creature that's 50 percent Archie Bunker, 50 percent Iron Man.
0.8 Unquestionably one of the best pictures of the year.
1.0 It's really very simple: If you're a Clint Eastwood fan going way back, you're going to LOVE Gran Torino.
0.75 It turns out Clint Eastwood is Batman!!!!
0.875 Eastwood's recent films have been a pleasure and a surprise, but Gran Torino in particular exudes a sense of renewal and promise.
0.625 The strong, often unpleasant or upsetting language leaves an aftertaste to this character drama. It might have the best of intentions, but it's definitely not an easy movie to watch.
1.0 Just like Walt's Gran Torino, Eastwood's engine is still purring as well as it did in '72.
0.6 To be the perfectly career-summarizing Eastwood movie, Gran Torino needn't be perfect.
0.7 Even though this continues his embracing death and giving up as a moral, this is an entertaining, vintage Eastwood film.
0.6 Gran Torino grinds through its gears in an efficient if generally graceless manner, with occasional blasts of violence interrupting a film that is content to be the cutest movie Clint's done since his days of co-starring with an orangutan.
0.6 An interesting -- fascinating -- movie that may be more so because of the things that keep it from greatness. But that doesn't make it an artistic success on its own merit.
0.875 Oh, what memories of "The Shootist" this adults-only Clint Eastwood showcase brings to mind.
0.25 A terribly dated mix of 8-Mile, The Karate Kid and Death Wish. The desperate last gasp of pre-Obama Era intolerance.
0.6 The movie would be nowhere, absolutely nowhere, without Clint Eastwood.
0.75 Though far from his best, we're still lucky to have it.
1.0 Eastwood directs and acts with remarkable restraint, skilfully getting far beneath the surface
0.375 What could explain Eastwood himself, in a monotone croak, warble about his 'heart locked in a Gran Torino'?
0.75 Gran Torino is very much about the thing Eastwood knows most intimately -- movies. Like Unforgiven, his neo-Western classic, this film ponders the value of the yarns we spin about heroes and lawless encounters.
0.875 Details, some subtler than others, give the straightforward Gran Torino so much resonance.
0.75 Gran Torino has much to recommend it, not least of which is Eastwood's enjoyable and slyly self-deprecating performance. And the supporting cast holds their own every step of the way.
0.7 Gran Torino was the biggest and most pleasant surprise of 2008.
0.75 The film is neither elegant nor subtle. Both Eastwood's performance and his direction veer from broad melodrama to broader comedy and back again. But the film boasts crusty humor, heart and conscience.
0.8 Anytime Clint Eastwood is drinking a beer, growling and killing people, I am in. Eastwood directs a subtle film which will make you laugh awkwardly and keeps perfect intensity.
0.625 Gran Torino is alive to the web of racial and ethnic discontent in this country, but the script by Nick Schenk and Dave Johannson has a tin ear.
0.8 Gran Torino is an unlikely tale made plausible almost solely by the quality of Clint Eastwood's performance.
0.6 Tricky territory, but surprisingly the whole thing comes off as disarming.
0.9 It's undeniably hokey. But all pulp fiction is ultimately a little hokey, and that's usually why the makers of such movies compensate by bringing their A-game behind the camera.
0.7 Here [Eastwood] is attempting no less than a eulogy for an America he helped define.
0.375 Climax is an overindulgent grasp at something meaningful that misses by a country mile.
0.5 By the time it jolts to an ending, followed by Clint rasping a tune to the closing credits, you're more likely to be rolling your eyes than dabbing them.
0.7 The movie, which has several non-professional actors in the cast, is sometimes clunky and the action is often predictable, but the character of Walt is solid gold.
0.5 A ham-fisted screenplay sets down the terms of the story with the obviousness of an old-fashioned play.
0.875 A thoughtful work that continues the actor/director's remarkable late-career surge.
0.5 Eastwood's foursquare directorial aesthetic tends to heighten, rather than camouflage, a screenplay's shortcomings. He may well win the gold for this one. But we'll have to assume he's winning it for richer assignments en route.
0.5 And you thought Walt was kidding when he told his son early on that people would show up after the funeral because he 'suppose they heard there's gonna be a lot of ham.'
0.2 It turns out that all of the idle initial speculation that surrounded "Gran Torino" was far more entertaining than the embarrassingly hackneyed and inadvertently hilarious melodrama that is the result of all that speculation.
0.91 With Gran Torino, Eastwood puts out a brilliant work that balances all of these issues beautifully without coming to terms with any of them or giving easy answers.
0.875 Gran Torino is about two things, I believe. It's about the belated flowering of a man's better nature. And it's about Americans of different races growing more open to one another in the new century.
0.875 As Walt discovers, we can lament change all we want, but ultimately what's gone is gone. What's important is what we leave behind--our successes, failures, and '72 Detroit-made muscle cars.
0.875 Clint Eastwood's character in Gran Torino represents the culimination of the icon's screen career.
0.75 Though you can see his character's redemption coming a mile away, Clint Eastwood's Gran Torino is still well worth the ride.
0.875 A very funny and touching movie that delivers its message of tolerance with a most agreeable light hand.
0.6 In front of the camera, the 78-year-old actor still appears able to demolish anyone who messes with him, which is why this showcase works as well as it does.
0.75 Clint Eastwood collects and distills everything we know he is capable of doing on screen -- some of which we might wish he hadn't done, but most of which we love. Even if we might be a little ashamed to admit it.
0.8 These spectral figures, totems of masculinity and mementos from a heroic cinematic age, are what make this unassuming film small in scale if not in the scope of its ideas -- more than just a vendetta flick.
0.9 Who would have thought that Dirty Harry would become not only one of Hollywood's most respected filmmakers but also one of its most compassionate humanists? At 78, Eastwood still commands the screen.
1.0 Gran Torino is a strange coda, an autumnal epilogue, and yet if you love American movies and their history -- of which Eastwood is a huge part -- you need to see this.
0.75 Clint Eastwood, directing himself, is the main attraction, and his Walter's redemptive journey through the course of the film is where its true, unforced power lies.
0.3 Do you miss Archie Bunker? Then Clint Eastwood's Gran Torino is the movie for you... Graceless and insensitive.
1.0 An extraordinary spiritual movie about an angry, lonely, bigoted old man whose his heart softened through his relationships with members of a Hmong immigrant family who live next door.
0.625 Part modern-day Western, part vigilante flick, part after-school special, Clint Eastwood's oddball drama Grand Torino remains entertaining right up to the end credits, during which you can scratch your head and wonder what you've just seen.
0.7 Enjoyable proof that Clint Eastwood can still chew up anyone like beef jerky.
0.75 Gran Torino is an amazingly over-the-top anti-racism parable but, despite its obvious shortcomings, it is nevertheless effective and affecting.
0.8 Although younger audiences may find the film's rhythms rather slow, the ultimate payoff is huge, and Clint fans are likely to eat it up.
0.6 Still, as movies about crusty old men whose hearts melt through their friendship with young people go, Gran Torino is mostly a hoot, thanks to Eastwood's Archie-Bunker-with-a-gun performance.
0.875 A lifetime in movies runs through this prime vintage Eastwood performance. You can't take your eyes off him. The no-frills, no-bull Gran Torino made my day.
0.65 A generally enjoyable but problematic departure for Eastwood which works best during its lighter moments but gets too dark while trying to create heightened tension and drama.
0.5 The problem, a somewhat depressing one, is that Eastwood has grown into a director who thinks he's superior to his mentors. A hint of pretension has crept into his filmmaking, and his exchanges with his young cast feel overwrought.
0.625 Gran Torino being a Clint showcase helmed by the Last Movie Star himself, Walt's reformation is nearly inevitable, but skirts being cloying on the strength of the 78-year-old icon's raspy brusqueness.
0.9 This is the Clint Eastwood we all remember in a perfect final performance. He's riding off into the sunset scowling, snarling, and spitting blood.
0.8 Some hilarious grouch humor once you get to at least like the guy.
0.6 A guilty pleasure film that is more fun than it deserves to be.
0.6 Colombiana contains some thrilling scenes as well as an interesting sense of twisted humor, but there's not enough here to really keep us engaged.
0.375 Laugh out loud exploitation...See Zoe shoot. See Zoe kill. See Zoe strip (PG-13 style)
0.4 Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza.
0.625 With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events.
0.625 Ranks as one of the more eco- and econ-friendly projects of recent memory, what with producer/co-writer Luc Besson recycling many elements from his prior successes.
0.5 The action set pieces are elaborately staged and sometimes exciting, but the dull script, overcooked direction and wonky editing damage this otherwise enjoyable B-movie.
0.625 A fast-paced tale of revenge, 'Colombiana' is a better-than-average actioner made all the more interesting by its female lead. Zoe Saldana ('Star Trek' and 'Avatar') follows the path of 'Hanna' and 'Salt' as a tough-as-nails assassin.
0.375 The latest disappointing actioner from producer Luc Besson...
0.6 click for full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Overall, the movie has enough clever chases, break-ins, and escapes -- not to mention a sweet, small tragic romance -- to make it worthwhile, but this isn't one of Besson's stronger efforts.
0.2 Colombiana has one true asset -- the seminude sight of its star, Zoe Saldana -- and milks it for everything it's worth.
0.4 A cynical mash-up of Besson's Leon and Nikita, though without their depth of character or emotional warmth.
0.4 Half the dialogue between these dirtbags is devoted to her near-invisibility, and all of it's awful: "She's like mist," apparently.
0.4 You'll find yourself laughing, then realise that it's not meant to be funny.
0.4 Even the talented Saldana can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear - much less a dog's dinner.
0.4 Occasionally enjoyable in a silly way, but I have to say Besson's preoccupation with the little-girl-becomes-killer trope is looking a little unwholesome.
0.4 Saldana has star quality and action chops but the script is laughable and boring.
0.6 Colombiana wants to be Bourne with boobs, but its connect-the-dots narrative and silted script means it can't quite reach those bone-crunching heights.
0.4 A far-fetched disappointment considering it was co-written by Luc Besson, the director of Leon.
0.5 It makes virtually no sense if you think about it, and the writing and direction are mostly incoherent. But it's also guilty good fun.
0.5 The movie delivers slam-bang action, so much so that we're reminded that movies have to MOVE to carry us along, and with 'Columbiana,' we're along for the ride, baby.
0.4 Tiresome and unconvincing.
0.4 With no sense of humour and long lulls between action, director Megaton appears primarily concerned with coming up with as many different ways as possible of getting Saldana down to her skimpies.
0.4 Poorly directed and badly written, this is a disappointing and increasingly bloated thriller that fails to sustain any actual thrills, despite a decent early set piece and a solid turn from Zoe Saldana.
0.625 The promise of the borderline-priceless early scenes with Amandla Stenberg as the 10-year-old Cataleya aren't quite fulfilled by the more predictable set pieces with the adult assassin.
0.4 ... predictable from first frame to last.
0.2 Colombiana, despite its many explosions and some howlingly wooden dialogue, is an eminently forgettable actioner.
0.4 The movie is like a lady who can't choose between two suitors: the campy and fun one, or the serious and cliche one.
0.5 A generic time killer that doesn't leave any kind of lasting impression.
0.75 Director Olivier Megaton has mastered the art of balancing absurdity with conviction, both in his montages and his choices on the soundtrack.
0.5 Saldana is in a Jolie mood and shows what a tough gal she can be. What we never get is enough knowledge of her character.
0.5 Wrapped in B-movie trappings from its cliched script and implausible scenarios to less than thrilling action, the best thing Colombiana has going for it is the lovely Ms. Saldana, who deserves much better than this.
0.625 Colombiana isn't the last word in action movies, but it's a fun ride.
0.5 Megaton blows things up, demolishes a fruit market, and throws in some parkour foot-chases as if he's completing a checklist.
0.625 Colombiana isn't completely dreadful, if you ignore the holes in its Swiss cheese of a plot.
0.375 When shortly into the film, Cataleya is escaping from a jail cell through an unsecured ventilation vent large enough for a person to easily fit through and that leads to the outside, I knew we were in trouble.
0.625 Luc Besson's pulp-fiction assembly line churns out another adequate ass-kicker with Colombiana, which boasts many of the French producer-director's favorite tropes.
0.6 Oozing female empowerment, acrobatic Zoe Saldana is the new action star to watch.
0.375 It desperately wants us to feel for Cataleya's lonely lot in life, especially when it trots out Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt." But if it can't even spell the word "personal" correctly in its end credits, how can it possibly understand the definition?
0.2 There's a reason this clunker is being buried at the end of August and wasn't screened for most critics -- it shouldn't screen for most audiences either.
0.55 There have been some successes in the last few years following Besson's formula of stale dialogue, light character and strong action. But there have been far more misses than hits. Colombiana doesn't even stand out among those.
0.5 Deprived of details, Megaton expects us to subsist on action alone, but it's not enough to fill the void left by the absence of story.
0.625 The best way to describe the action packed film 'Colombiana' is to say to that it's mindless, unpretentious, very stylized, and entertaining. It's your typical B film brought to the big screen by the power and influence of Luc Besson.
0.5 escapism as exaggeration
0.125 Luc Besson keeps ralphing up scripts about beautiful lady killers, but that doesn't mean you have to keep seeing them.
0.6 Zoe Saldana makes being an action hero look so easy in "Colombiana," you have to wonder why more actresses don't try it.
0.5 Luc Besson has decided to make one for the girls.
0.5 There's little to no care paid to anything outside of three or four action sequences -- and those will look just as good on home video. In five weeks.
0.625 This is a showy flower of an action film. Saldana doesn't get much of a chance to emote, but her action skills blossom.
0.4 There are some early comic moments that have you laughing along with the movie, but eventually the clashing tones and preposterousness just have you laughing.
0.7 All killers should look this good doing their dirty work. It'd be a better world.
0.7 Is Saldana the new Schwarzenegger, only leaner, meaner and much better looking in spandex? I think so.
0.75 Along with a spectacularly physical performance by Zaldana, Colombiana features some of the best frame-for-frame shots you will see this year.
0.7 As a solidly entertaining piece of trashy exploitation its only drawback is a PG-13 rating.
0.5 While most action films fall apart because they succumb to stupidity, Colombiana suffers most because it tries to be too smart.
0.625 For the most part, it's all big and silly, but at least it's enjoyably staged and crafted.
0.7 Dolphin Tale, an inspirational tale about a Little Dolphin Who Could, will swim into your heart despite some melodrama and predictability.
0.5 Middle-of-the-road milquetoast.
0.8 It's an earnest, sweet film that relies on the extraordinary true story of Winter, the rescued dolphin, and little on manipulative Hollywood tricks.
0.875 When I write the "Cookie Awards" in my annual Oscar-season column for the Quad-City Times, I always include this category: Most Embarrassing Crying Spell. There is no question which movie will 'win' the award. I bawled when I watched 'Dolphin Tale.'
0.625 In the hands of actor-turned-director Charles Martin Smith, this kid-centric drama provides a welcome family option with positive values and a minimum of frantic, noisy CGI. It's a tale told on a human (and animal) scale.
0.625 One wonders why the filmmakers felt the need to turn a fascinating true story into a cliche-ridden, formulaic family film.
0.6 While some adults may get impatient with it, kids will undoubtedly find it appealing.
0.6 Those looking to leave the cinema with a warm glow should seek this one out.
0.6 An endearing tale of family, friendship and fighting for what you believe in.
0.8 The emotive aspect of the film is so tangible it's the equivalent of having someone grab hold of your heart on the inside of your rib cage ready to give it an occasional squeeze.
0.8 While it plays hard and loose with the facts, this tale of a boy and a bottlenose dolphin is guaranteed to create a tidal wave's worth of tears.
0.6 Don't expect miracles but this is about a kind of miracle and doesn't sentimentalise it to death.
0.4 Two hours of redemptive hugs, triumphant whoops and tearful smiles later we learn that pinning a tail on a dolphin is, on the scale of human achievement, not far behind winning the Nobel Peace Prize and discovering a cure for cancer.
0.6 Engagingly directed and superbly written, this is a heart-warming feel-good drama with likeable characters and some impressive dolphin wrangling, though the 3D is entirely unnecessary.
0.6 It's easy to roll one's eyes at Dolphin Tale, which is heavy on swelling music and how children - aw, shucks! - can teach adults a thing or two about holding on to hope.
0.75 Animal lovers, be prepared to tear up several times as this heartwarming family film hits all the heartstrings inherent in the genre.
0.6 You would have to be made of a very hard heart not to be moved by the underwater scenes of Sawyer swimming with the dolphin, and of the real-life footage at the end of amputees meeting Winter.
0.8 This is an old-fashioned cockle-warmer that connects through flesh and blood, not pixels.
0.6 As slick, charming and eager-to-please as a SeaWorld cetacean.
0.6 As much as it grates, it still manages to warm the cockles.
0.6 A good shout if your kids like this sort of thing, otherwise best head to your local aquarium.
0.6 An eminently fine inspiring true-ish story of beating the odds and being the best you you can be, and if that's your poison, great.
0.6 ... though sugary and overlong, ... pleasant enough.
0.6 A stellar supporting cast lends credibility to this true-life adventure from director Charles Martin Smith.
0.6 Relentlessly heartwarming, this film can't help but move us to tears.
0.75 Could be accused of mawkishness, but I have no problem recommending a movie that encourages children to love and respect wildlife.
0.6 Manages to hit every mildly comedic and heartstring-tugging bit in the boy-and-his-animal movie playbook.
0.7 Move over Flipper, Winter is the new dolphin star.
0.5 There is heart here, but that's only during the closing credits when we see a glimpse of the true story.
0.75 A movie for the whole family! I don't even know Hollywood was still making those anymore.
0.6 It may not be a perfect film, but it is an ideal family film.
0.4 Dolphin Tale gets bogged down with the family drama. These and other elements raise the level of cheese to that of a white trash Velveeta casserole.
0.625 Plenty of ambition. But the dialogue can be tin-eared, and the comedy has a cater- to-kids quality that sells youngsters short.
0.7 Most children's entertainment feels as sugar-addled as their target audience. But Dolphin Tale avoids being either anxious or obnoxious, keeping young moviegoers amused and enthralled the old-school way: with its story and star.
0.5 It's easy to be cynical ... but then that darn tailless dolphin starts joyfully splashing around and all the corny trappings of the movie simply fade into the background.
0.375 Instead of steering toward deep and troubled waters, "Dolphin Tale" jumps through hoops to engage a young audience.
0.625 Dolphin Tale has its heart in the right place and tells its story well enough for its core audience. Moralistic and sweet, there's plenty here for kids and parents to enjoy.
0.8 Heartwarming tale is sweet, inspiring for kids and tweens.
0.8 DOLPHIN TALE is the perfect end of summer event for the whole family.
0.625 A Disney-esque amalgam of sweetness, humor and a general heartwarming vibe.
0.7 Director Charles Martin Smith overcomes the dialogue limitations and schmaltz, and using a pesky pelican for comic relief, crafts a film that appeals to kids and families.
0.6 The overall story is better than the actual film. You can tell where Hollywood stepped in and fictionalized aspects of the story. It's still very inspirational and fun!
0.625 That it manages to be not insufferable while still being so predictable is a small tribute to its cast and crew.
0.5 It's very sweet and earnest. That's the good news. The bad news is that it's also kind of dull and packed too full of superfluous stuff.
0.4 Dolphin Tale works best when it's not actively trying to manipulate your tear ducts.
0.5 A potentially appealing story about a rescued disabled dolphin gets smothered with inspirational family values guff.
0.6 Most of the family films churned out today are so junky it's almost a shock to find one in which the animals never spout sassy one-liners, or show off their hilarious hip-hop moves.
0.625 Effective as the movie is, it nevertheless left me slightly put off.
0.75 A genuinely moving story that is given oomph by a better-than-you'd-expect cast.
0.625 A heartwarmingly hokey and accessible production.
0.625 Dolphin Tale is a reasonably well-made and likable story about the courageous efforts of a small, determined band of people who come to the rescue of a badly injured sea creature.
0.75 Director Charles Martin Smith saves Dolphin Tale from becoming a maudlin affair with more sappiness than a Vermont forest during maple syrup season.
0.625 Curmudgeons could probably pick it apart 'til the cows come home, but "Dolphin Tale" is exceedingly hard to dislike.
0.8 ...a smart, funny film that packs a solid message.
0.75 This is not only kid-friendly fare, but a lovely family movie.
0.75 It gives young audiences credit for having patience and imagination, and rewards them with an engaging narrative.
0.5 Accompanying grown-ups or older siblings will have to choke down a sizable dose of schmaltz with their fish milkshakes.
0.875 The cast is delightful, the story corny without being cloyingly high-fructose, the direction first-rate.
0.75 A lively, winning family movie starring the very sea mammal at the center of a true story that inspired this film.
0.2 a staggering compilation of various cinematic cliches so transparent a kid could see through them
0.75 It may not be a great movie, but it is an exceptionally touching one.
0.75 The result is an excellent family film - maybe not up to 1996's "Fly Away Home'' in the kid-helps-wildlife genre but eye-opening and heartwarming and sensibility-expanding all the same.
0.75 Even if Dolphin Tale hits every note square on the nose - or maybe because it does - watching it is surprisingly pleasurable.
0.75 With "Dolphin Tale," Hollywood dares to do the almost unimaginable: Create a really heartwarming family movie.
0.6 Inspirational in the very best sense, Dolphin Tale honors the values of commitment, perseverance, and full inclusion for all life's damaged mammals.
0.625 It's rudimentary and even a little clumsy in its filmmaking technique (not a small matter), but there's some narrative ambition, at least...
0.75 A pleasant family film with an improbable true story at its heart.
0.8 Inspiring, feel-good, family-friendly adventure with a special appeal to youngsters who love animals.
0.625 The power behind including footage of real people interacting with Winter reiterates how much better Dolphin Tale would have worked as a documentary or, say, a 'Dateline' special.
0.5 Winter may be a moving symbol of resiliency, but Smith's film unfortunately sticks to shallow waters.
0.8 Attacking a film like this for being a tad cloying seems to be missing the point. It's an intrinsic part of what "Dolphin Tale" is. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking.
0.9 A heart-affecting drama about the loving relationship between a lonely and alienated boy and a badly injured dolphin and the community that supports them.
0.625 Adorable...
0.7 ...if it doesn't bring a tear or two to your eye, you might need a visit to the cardiologist to see what you've got in there in place of a heart.
0.75 Winter is friendly, loving, emotional, playful, brave and intelligent. Before her Dolphin Tale is over, I dare even the most jaded cynic not to shed a tear of admiration and joy.
0.6 You'd have to have a heart of stone to not be moved by the nonfiction footage of disabled children and war vets finding inspiration in Winter.
0.6 Call it Prosthetic Flipper, but the truly inspiring Dolphin Tale is perfect family entertainment (although why it needs to be in 3D is a mystery).
0.625 In terms of technique Ramses' documentary indulges in some pretty cheesy tactics - freeze-frames, monologue-length accounts when abridged versions of the same information would suffice, a naggingly repetitive musical score.
1.0 A priceless history lesson for anyone interested in understanding the back story explaining how formerly-tolerant Egypt evolved into the religious state it is today.
0.8 Predating "The King and I," and just as entertaining, minus the music.
0.6 Rex Harrison is sexy, Irene Dunne is prim, but the racism is evident.
0.8 A star is born in Nashville.
0.5 Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville.
0.75 The Thing Called Love charms and touches.
0.5 It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper.
0.6 A highlight of Phoenix's career
0.0 River Phoenix gives a somnambulant impersonation of Christian Slater impersonating Jack Nicholson, and Samantha Mathis spends much of the movie trying to figure out exactly who her character is.
0.25 Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help.
0.625 Aside from its blatantly commercial aspirations and predictable storyline, there is an appealing cast, enjoyable songs and some funny bits of business.
0.6 Newcomer Clara Augarde proves to be a real find in Love Like Poison, a severe coming of age drama set in the Breton countryside.
0.8 No one does underage sex in cinema quite like the French, and the roots of Quillivere's tale of 14-year-old Anna's sexual and emotional awakening in a sleepy Breton village spring from a time-honoured tradition of coming-of-age a la Francaise.
0.8 It refuses to be either prurient or particularly erotic. Its quietness, however, is deceptive. Quillevere is clearly a director to note.
0.8 The film has a wonderful ease and flow: its relatively brief running time is crowded with incident and plot, and yet each scene, each shot, each gesture unfurls in a winningly unhurried way.
0.8 Director Katell Quillevere's feature debut is a sensitive, sensual and surprisingly spiritual account of an adolescent girl's coming of age.
0.8 Impressively directed and beautifully shot, this is an engaging and provocative coming-of-age story thanks to a superbly written script and a terrific central performance from newcomer Clara Augarde.
0.8 All is flux and subtle interrogative nuance in this movie, aided by Tom Harari's stunning cinematography.
0.8 There's no melodrama here, just a series of key episodes that add up to a light but far from superficial portrait of one girl's relationship with the world.
0.6 The melodramatic title won't do it any favours, as Katell Quillevere's debut feature is a quiet, sensitive study of a 14-year-old girl beset by adolescent confusion.
0.6 Like Stealing Beauty awash with Catholic guilt, it's a charming coming-of-age tale that packs plenty into its short runtime.
0.75 The discomforting coming-of-ager Love Like Poison could never have been made in the U.S. It mixes sexual candidness with the fraught transition from adolescence to adulthood.
0.2 You have to give Contaminated Man credit for laying its cards on the table: as you might have guessed from the title, it is indeed about a contaminated man.
0.75 Hellion paints a plaintive portrait of a family trapped in the bottom echelon of America's middle class.
0.5 "Hellion" pads its slender, commonplace, but potentially rewarding premise with contrivances, cliches, repetitiousness, and, when all else fails, implausible, arbitrary melodrama.
0.5 Wiggins gives the boy's struggles a raw realism, but it's not enough to shore up this slackly paced slice of sunbaked Texas miserabilism.
0.4 Not that inarticulate characters can't be compelling if they are written with subtlety, acted with insight and, most of all, framed by a directorial vision, but "Hellion," despite a promising debut from Wiggins, falls short in at least two of the above.
0.75 The realism in "Hellion" is admirable, as are the actors' emotion performances. These wrenching qualities also make the film a tough sell.
0.6 Hellion fits into something I like to call the "festival bubble".
0.5 The acting is stronger than the rest of the film itself, which sports far too much shaky camera work and a conclusion that is obviously foreshadowed by the appearance of a gun early on.
0.6 It takes a lot to stand out in a cast that includes Aaron Paul and Juliette Lewis, but Josh Wiggins proves up to the task. It'll be fun to see where his career takes him next.
0.6 Everything about it is so indie that it feels like it's following a formula as rigid as that of any romcom or teen-meat-on-the-hoof slasher picture.
0.7 The relief you'll experience during the beautifully modulated ending to Hellion may elicit a heavy sigh, deep and gratifying.
0.8 With gorgeous cinematography and an exceptional cast, including a breakout performance from Josh Wiggins, Hellion allows its audience to travel the downward spiral of a broken family and is absolutely gripping thanks to its authentic feel.
0.75 The hellion of "Hellion" is Jacob Wilson, a 13-year-old Texas rebel with a cause. As played by a real teenager, Josh Wiggins, he's a force of nature.
0.6 Though it may seem as if it's heading in the direction of being a feel-good movie Hellion doesn't go down that predictable road. It is more authentic than that, and that is indeed something to feel good about.
0.6 Paul provides enough grace notes to see it through. Just.
0.6 Hellion deserves to be seen for the adolescent Wiggins' performance alone - with echoes too of Jennifer Lawrence's turn in Winter's Bone, it'd be gratifying to see his career take a similarly meteoric turn.
0.6 A sensitive, soulful character drama with great sympathy...It's hard not to be moved by these characters, their pain, and their love.
0.75 "Hellion" is a well-observed and patiently told story, with one good scene after another, featuring amazing performances across the board, but particularly from newcomer Josh Wiggins.
0.75 Though some characters go underdeveloped, Hellion marks one of Hollywood's most realistic examinations of rural high school angst since Friday Night Lights, another teen drama set in Texas.
0.6 A glimpse into rural American childhood that's both tense and melancholy.
0.6 Features a fair share of forced drama ...
0.5 Hellion lingers for most of its running time in a betwixt-and-between place, never becoming either the sublime character sketch or the overripe melodrama it alternately promises to be.
0.625 An engrossing glimpse into a working class nightmare, a lifestyle of indulged biker-kids, guns, violence and beer that is every bit the trap we consider our inner cities to be. to be.
0.5 Both film and protagonist are troubled works in progress that shuffle and meander and frequently falter, but occasionally sing.
0.8 Apart from a bit of improbable melodrama in the last act, it's a solid and affecting film with a positive message.
0.6 You hope for the tang of lemon drizzle; what you ultimately get is Madeira, with the proverbial soggy bottom.
0.4 Essentially a saccharine confection of cliches, full of bits that are hard to swallow.
0.8 Cake has much to say about grief, and on the whole says it with intelligence and insight.
0.6 I was in pain during this indie drama, which may explain why I enjoyed it.
0.6 With Aniston on this form it's almost good enough to banish memories of The Bounty Hunter, Wanderlust and even Just Go With It.
0.6 Aniston shows quite brilliantly the effect of the constant pain on both her character's body and her mind.
0.8 If I were Jennifer Aniston, I would be fuming. And I would be wondering what exactly I had to do to get an Oscar nomination for best actress.
0.6 The cast is strong, the characters are intriguing but the more you learn, the more the film loses its grip on your emotions.
0.4 As for Aniston, she gives an honest, well-intentioned performance, but it is marooned in an unsatisfying script whose emotional effects are unearned.
0.6 Jennifer Aniston lifts an addiction drama with a committed but never showy performance. It's a pity the rest of the film can't cut as deep.
0.4 A brilliant Jennifer Aniston lead performance isn't enough to save this doughy, maudlin piece of misery porn.
0.7 Jennifer Aniston delivers an Oscar-calibre performance in this rather over-worked drama...
0.4 Aniston plays her part with no frills, but she can't help but be dragged down by the surrounding artifice. For one thing, no-one in the real world could possibly have so many grey cardigans.
0.4 The drugs don't work - but thankfully Aniston does - in this slight but sly portrait of pain-meds hell, which wallows in self-pity when it should be grabbing our sympathy.
0.6 The central character and performance are intriguing but not enough to sustain a film that feels more and more like a TV-movie matinee.
0.6 Grim but interesting drama has prescription drug abuse.
0.5 The film evokes a tangible sense of crippling loss. It just fails to translate the honesty of its quiet moments to the scenes in which the characters interact with each other.
0.75 Whether or not Aniston ever gets another role like this one, I have a hard time imagining anyone else in it -- and that's the sign of a genuine actor.
0.86 ...a starkly unsentimental portrait of a damaged woman weighing the pain of living in the world against the unknowable alternative.
0.75 Aniston makes Cake her own movie and its structural shortcomings become of lesser focus and importance.
0.8 Jennifer Aniston does something completely different in this potboiler of a psychodrama and succeeds marvelously.
0.8 More than just a vehicle for awards, "Cake" features an overdue, career-growing, award-worthy, emotionally honest role for Jennifer Aniston anchored by a patient script written by real humans about real humans.
0.5 Beyond the sly method in which it keeps viewers guessing at Claire's circumstances, the screenplay often fails this otherwise finely-assembled film.
0.5 'I think we need some closure,' is the opening line, spoken by a therapist; the scene is played for parody, but in fact its message is sincere: 'Cake' is the all-too-familiar story of a sad person's healing process.
0.75 Jennifer Aniston burrows into Claire's walking-wounded gait and eclipsed mood.
0.7 All the action grows organically out of character and a surprisingly stubborn life force that urges us to get out of our premix boxes, and start from scratch.
0.5 Jennifer Aniston is commendable but the film's lack of subtlety and nuance undermines the story's reach.
0.6 Aniston's performance stands to change the way many people look at her, with a deft, tempered turn that also could end up redefining her career.
0.7 "A thoughtful and frequently moving drama that insightfully illuminates what it's like to live with illness and agony."
0.625 Odd that we're applauding the fact that an actress can, you know, act, but here we are celebrating Cake all the same.
0.625 Worth sitting through just to watch Jennifer Aniston pull off a performance of a lifetime.
0.5 Directed in moody, downbeat tones by Daniel Barnz, Cake doesn't know when to stop piling on the angst.
0.5 A misguided therapy dramedy that attempts to portray pain and grief with strained whimsy.
0.625 It puts us at a disadvantage for comprehending Claire, and it puts Claire at a disadvantage for becoming a recipient of our sympathy.
0.625 The movie veers into something that feels sadly predictable by the end, once we've learned everything we need to know about Claire's tragic past.
0.75 It's no wonder that Aniston signed on to produce and star. The part is an actor's dream, and she had the aspiration and the guts to fully realize it.
0.75 "Cake" gives us an interesting character and a fine performance, nestled into a movie that doesn't really work.
0.375 Perhaps a more imaginative director might have brought some genuine feeling or grace to this bathos, but Barnz merely allows Aniston maximum screen time and shoots her to highlight her artfully ratty hair and crosshatched skin.
0.375 Unsure of whether it wants to be comedy or tragedy, it meanders along an awkward middle path.
0.75 Five words I never thought I'd string together: Jennifer Aniston made me cry.
0.4 The script withholds information about Claire's accident, and when the reveal finally comes, it doesn't provide catharsis or empathy, so much as a sense of having been led around by the nose.
0.5 Cake starts off like an edgy indie film and wraps up like one of the more serious episodes of Friends. Once Aniston's warts 'n' all performance has been highlighted, the movie seems to fizzle out, losing its momentum.
0.2 The tiresome story of a rotten, awful human being, who gets a redemption arc that's equal parts unsatisfying and unearned.
0.5 Another in a long line of films in which beautiful people dowdy themselves up in an effort to Be Taken Seriously.
0.625 It's not a bad film. But you would have to live within Claire's very small and pampered world to think it was a brave one.
0.75 The good news of "Cake" is that it proves that Aniston can be appealing without being exalted or gorgeous, by simply being average.
0.625 I wish the movie were messier, more surprising. But as with most of what we see, made on small budgets and large: The performances are not the problem.
0.375 There's no doubt that Aniston deserves more roles like this one but, with luck, in less maudlin, more surprising movies.
0.75 Claire is the sort of role fortysomething actresses dream of: utterly unglamorous; biting; wounded.
0.625 Cake is an odd duck. It has a brilliant lead performance from its star, yet that performance is surrounded by tiresome cliches and contrivances torn straight out of the Independent Filmmaking 101 handbook.
0.4 Alas, "Cake" can't rise simply from Aniston's performance. Had the script been sharper and the direction tighter, she might just have made the Oscar list.
0.5 Neither painful nor powerful.
0.5 A listless indie drama that never goes much of anywhere, with moments that are framed as revelatory but contain little in the way of revelation.
0.75 Solid performance by Aniston, but her character's trip from point A to B plots a well-trod course.
0.5 Aniston proves, as always, a modestly gifted actress, only this time with scars and weedy hair.
0.4 A sour, one-note dirge, it mistakes unrelenting self-pity for honesty, stewing in the pain of someone stewing in pain, and as oblivious to the misery of others as its self-involved, blinkered protagonist.
0.625 The script goes soft, not Aniston. Instead of playing symptoms of chronic pain, she finds what's raw and festering underneath. Way to go, Aniston.
0.75 The sheer courage of Ms. Aniston grows on you, like a lichen. So does the movie.
0.625 Oscar nomination or no, Aniston is the reason to see this. She's rarely been better.
0.8 Is Cake a great picture? Oh, good heavens, no. This is a small, unassuming movie that does contain an impressive performance from Aniston -- even without the nomination.
0.4 It's a drag to see Aniston doubling down on the kind of sour, embittered role Cake offers, one with very little latitude for her comic chops or her natural way with a seen-it-all sigh.
0.5 Cake is a study of grief that drowns in a cold bath of grim self-pity.
0.5 Pass up this flaky, underwhelming confection...
0.5 Jennifer Aniston's performance might be worth biting into, but Cake lacks an emotional depth that much more appealing treats tend to showcase.
0.5 Aniston's solidly done departure probably would have organically received its due (and possibly even more credit) had it been a genuine discovery in a film released and sold as the modest, blip-on-the-radar non-event indie that it is.
0.75 In a turn that stands as the single best performance by an actress this year, Aniston offers her heart and soul in the role of her career.
0.5 Nothing about Cake is remotely tempting or sweet.
0.6 Cake indeed features a strong dramatic turn from Jennifer Aniston and it may or may not win her an Oscar nomination. But aside from that it's just a solid small-scale character study.
0.625 The end result is a passable effort that succeeds most keenly as a platform for Aniston...
0.4 A well acted guilt and redemption drama that doesn't have the courage of its convictions and is let down by predicatibility.
0.4 Despite its sour centre, Cake's conceits quickly crumble, leaving just a half-baked pity.
1.0 Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
1.0 Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
0.94 In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
1.0 As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
0.86 a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
0.875 ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
1.0 hitchcock perfection
1.0 Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
0.9 Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
1.0 What a great movie.
1.0 A stellar film.
1.0 ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
0.9 ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
1.0 Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
1.0 One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
1.0 Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
0.93 Interesting and fun from the start.
1.0 Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
1.0 In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
1.0 What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
1.0 Masterpiece!
1.0 A cinematic treasure!
1.0 One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
1.0 The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
1.0 Since the 1954 Alfred Hitchcock classic is all about the voyeuristic instinct, the better the view, the more sensational the experience.
1.0 A brilliant idea for a movie.
1.0 voyeuristic mystery is a masterpiece of meticulous detail.
0.9 [This] 1954 thriller, often cited as one of the greatest films ever made, could be seen as some kind of ode to voyeurism.
1.0 For some real voyeuristic thrills, one cannot do better than Universal's sparkling remaster of Alfred Hitchcock's timeless (that is, aside from the dated, soundstagey production design) 1954 classic.
1.0 The director's most accomplished film.
1.0 Its appeal, which goes beyond that of other, equally masterly Hitchcock works, remains undiminished.
0.8 The narrative structure is a little shaky at times, and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them, but my goodness it's compelling.
0.6 It's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities
0.6 Often poetic, but lacks dramatic punch.
0.6 The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools, traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines.
0.6 It's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be, but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping.
0.7 Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai (In the Mood for Love) to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop.
0.8 The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it.
0.8 Wong Kar-wei's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around, as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man.
0.6 The sheer class of the production ensures that it's not entirely ruined by its flaws.
0.6 It's suffused with emotional repression and it's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic.
0.6 As a film-maker, Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre, style and mannerism. It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work.
0.8 It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema, but that's almost certainly enough to recommend it.
0.6 This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant, occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form.
0.6 Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur, celebrating the elegance of combat, rather than the brutality.
0.7 This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I don't know. I was very interested about all this north, south the various elements of Kung Fu. I learned stuff from the film.
0.7 Tony Leung's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film, but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er, and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role, especially in the later scenes.
0.2 An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats. Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot.
0.7 It is rich, distinctive and lush, as you would expect, although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming.
0.4 In the absence of genuine profundity, but with dazzling craft on frequent display, his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure.
0.4 As commendable as Wong's film is at visualizing things, it's far less proficient at contextualizing them.
0.6 Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it's standing still.
0.6 The American version is beautiful and moody, and it is muddy in expression, but probably worth seeing anyway.
0.9 Wong Kar Wai has something slow, lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man (Tony Leung), the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee. He offers a chance to dream in kung fu.
0.7 A complete surprise. Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance.
0.5 The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee.
0.87 ...closer in tone to an art movie, an exercise in pure cinema, than it is a chopsocky extravaganza
0.875 The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong's body of work, a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament. This one just happens to have kung fu, too.
0.4 An emotional moving, thrilling and provocative drama that's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling.
0.75 More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand, the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love.
0.6 [Wong Kar-wai] is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man's difficult life, and a ballet out of the many action sequences.
0.875 Martial arts, resonant themes, and lush visuals make a well-rounded package
0.6 He's typically more show than tell, but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling.
0.8 It ranks with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens.
0.75 You leave this deeply flawed, deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action.
0.7 I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now. And it's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it.
0.625 Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master. A master of character - deep, rich, truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster, he is not.
0.625 [W]e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be.
0.5 Beautiful but troubled, achieving in stretches the director's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions.
0.75 Granted, "The Grandmaster" is not a primer on Chinese philosophy. Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans.
0.75 As a kung fu film, "The Grandmaster," with its exhilarating fighting sequences, won't disappoint. As a Wong Kar-wai film, it rates high.
0.875 Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art. His "The Grandmaster" is a picture of staggering beauty.
0.75 The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts, but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision.
0.625 "The Grandmaster" is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating, sensuous, even sublime. To that end, "The Grandmaster" doesn't disappoint.
0.4 The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools, failing as both a biography and an action film.
1.0 A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga, a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism.
0.875 You don't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by "The Grandmaster," the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man's early life by director Wong Kar Wai.
0.75 Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations, the tastefully bittersweet "Grandmaster" puts us in the mood for more.
0.625 Fans of Wong's esthetic will no doubt lap it up, as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features, while Chang Chen, cast here as a character called The Razor, makes his third appearance.
0.75 It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong.
0.875 It's a terrific film, and it's a lot of fun.
0.25 This super-serious, horribly-told story may focus on kung fu, but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold.
0.5 It's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie.
0.875 More than anything, perhaps, The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that, at least in this cut, seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er...
1.0 One of the best films of 2013. Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic: he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China, with orchids, opium, crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s
0.7 The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action.
0.6 The Grandmaster is languorous, lovely, and familiar to admirers of Wong's past work. It also feels out of balance with what's come before, even when the film doubles back for more action scenes.
0.6 Wong Kar Wai is one of the world's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing. Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script.
0.75 Yip Man lives!
0.6 The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy, disjointed pseudo-biopic, one that loses interest in its subject halfway through.
0.7 Somber, stylized and visually stunning
0.5 Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing, Wong Kar-wai's latest movie offers a hybrid that's hard to decipher.
0.75 A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see.
0.625 Ip Man's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers. Wong builds upon it, establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan, Ip Man's home city in southern China.
0.625 There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's new film, The Grandmaster, that are as gorgeous as anything you'll see on a screen this year, or perhaps this decade.
0.75 Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars, and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography.
0.8 this is one filmmaker so talented that, even when he's manipulated, he's amazing
0.5 With so many years spent on it, Wong should have been able to see that the structure wasn't coming together and that his characters needed further work.
0.8 Wong's genius for overheated, overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s.
0.72 Despite its problems, The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies.
0.8 You'll feel decadent enjoying it, but everything is so tasty, it would be foolish to object.
0.75 An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography, though the second component pales in comparison with the first.
0.8 However much history informs this movie, "The Grandmaster" is, at its most persuasive, about the triumph of style.
0.7 Virtually incomprehensible, but a beautiful mess.
0.6 An exquisite-looking, fitfully moving drama from the director of "In the Mood for Love."
0.2 How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull?
0.6 Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work; there's a pretty dullness here that shouldn't be confused for mastery.
0.625 It's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man.
0.625 Lovely, well-acted with great set pieces, but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope
0.625 The film, more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films, is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator's head.
0.7 The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully. Despite its camera work being clean and crisp, the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced.
0.75 Beautifully crafted, nominated for nine Academy Awards, a big hit at the box office -- and a dramatic dud.
0.6 The film has star appeal and gossip appeal, and the disc's soundtrack makes viewing it worthwhile, but sometimes you want to reach through the screen, reach through characters, reach through the words, reach through every layer of artistic endeavor, and s
0.8 An understatedly suspenseful drama with both Fonda and Redgrave giving impassioned performances.
0.5 The movie looks soft, which has nothing to do with the Hellman flintiness, guts, self-mockery, wisdom, above all, impatience with cant.
1.0 Fascinating, well structured drama with Fonda and Redgrave at their best.
0.625 This movie's problems start with its point of view, and it never quite recovers from them.
0.8 Powerful story with superb performances.
0.6 Um dos misterios do Oscar, que, alem de premiar uma atuacao banal de Robards, indicou este filme apenas mediano em 10 outras categorias. Marcou a estreia de Streep nas telas.
0.5 The first Universal mummy movie that's not really worth it.
0.4 A B-programmer sequel and how come no one ever thinks to just outrun that slow-moving, one-armed stalker!
0.7 The Mummy's Tomb is perhaps the most economical film Universal ever turned out.
0.4 I know mummies are supposed to be dusty, but...
0.64 This sequel of a sequel dilutes the earlier film's successful formula of comedy, adventure and action.
0.77 Jim Sheridan's handsome but overwrought remake of the superior Danish film Brodre by Susanne Bier suffers the usual vulgarizations associated with transposing a foreign film to the American cineplex ...
0.7 Streep does an amazing job bringing television cooking legend Julia Child to life and making us smile every frame of the way.
0.6 Half-baked comedy barely whets the appetite.
1.0 You might dismiss this as a "chick flick", but I think anyone can enjoy it. You don't have to leave your "Manly-Man" card at the door.
0.8 Two true stories are merged into one delicious treat of a film in Julie & Julia.
0.75 Considering the movie acknowledges it's perfectly healthy for women to enjoy both eating and sex, it qualifies as something rare in Hollywood: a feminist work of popular art.
0.625 A misguided film of differing expectations saved only by its performances.
0.8 It's the 'yum' factor
0.6 The human cornucopia that is Streep is carrying the energy and feel-goodness of this movie. Adams is providing her natural comic timing and sweetness to make Powell as human as possible, and she succeeds more than I would have thought possible, though Ju
0.8 ...an easy-going, pleasant film...
0.6 Pretty light stuff, and the movie's only goal seems to be to convey that fluffiness, as both lives are milked for generally positive comic and romantic moments.
0.6 Poderia ser descrito como dois medias-metragens montados paralelamente num unico longa %u2013 e o fato e que, por mais adoravel que Adams seja, e a historia protagonizada por Meryl Streep que segura o projeto.
0.6 click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
0.6 What makes this film memorable and pleasurable, above all, is the ebullient performance of Meryl Streep as Julia Child, unlikely culinary trailblazer and TV star.
0.8 As food movies go -- and they've become a genre of their own -- this one may be a little too rich but it's full of delights.
0.8 Like a beautiful home cooked meal, Julie & Julia is not perfect by industry standards, just warm, comforting and very, very enjoyable.
0.8 Nora Ephron serves up a hearty silver-service banquet with a story that links the lives of two exceptional American women.
0.8 With great panache, it celebrates butter, bravery, and believing in oneself, all excellent things, brilliantly executed
0.4 A bland blend of two half-baked stories. Julie & Julia spends so long celebrating the art of cooking, it forgets to be dramatic, romantic or funny.
0.8 An adorable and entertaining film that is appealing to the appetite.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a very American kind of money-spinner. Crucially, though, it is never dumb.
0.8 Deliciously funny and warming fare, for which the amazing Meryl deserves her ridiculously overdue third Oscar.
0.6 A film that's charming, funny - especially when Streep is on screen, broadcasting her superb impression of the tall, charismatic, high-pitched Child - but leaves you with a dissatisfaction with modern life that no culinary masterpiece can relieve.
0.5 Meryl Streep at her most relaxed and enjoyable is a main course in herself. Pity we have to share her with a side order of Nora Ephron at her least appetizing.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a highly polished piece of upmarket entertainment, brimming with beautiful interiors. If you throw in the lavish helpings of food porn it's almost like a colour supplement come to life.
0.4 A dose of stodgy comfort food in the form of a complacent, mediocre film, with an exasperatingly flaccid and anti-climactic ending.
0.8 It's refreshing to see male performers being towered over by female leads. It's even more refreshing to watch a film that exults in the pleasures of uxoriousness.
0.4 Julie & Julia seems satisfied to fall short of its potential - whether as an insightful romantic comedy or an exploration of food lust - relying on Streep to carry the film with her witty turn as Child.
0.8 Think of it like a good souffle: deliciously sweet and airy without the cloying aftertaste. You'll want more.
0.8 Hollywood, famously, makes few movies aimed at older females because young men are much easier to satisfy. Julie & Julia is that rare film targeted at your mum, but we think you'll enjoy it too.
0.6 Ultimately, the film - a celebration of friendship and wise choices of spouse - belongs to Streep...and the lingering food porn shots...
0.4 The pace is so slow-braised that the year of cooking seems to pass in real time, and Adams' usual charm is hindered by a bad wig and constant blubbing.
0.8 Julie & Julia is a heartfelt, deliciously shot, and beautifully designed romp, studded with fine performances that are endearingly cheery, inspirational and funny. It's a must-see for anyone who loves to eat.
0.8 Julie & Julia is among the most heart-warming, feelgood films of the year, and so joyously obsessed with food that it might be described as a feed-good movie.
0.8 While both actresses deserve credit, it's Streep who dominates and deserves to be put in contention for her third Oscar. Deftly playing the dotty masterchef - complete with a brilliantly squawking laugh - it's an amusing but respectful imitation.
0.8 Julie & Julia is an unmissable treat for food lovers - just make sure you eat beforehand.
0.4 Like being force-fed a dish of candied pecans, smothered in honey, washed down with a bottle of Eiswein. By the end of it you're screaming for a tumbler of vinegar cut with lemon juice and a nice sprinkling of asafoetida.
0.4 The movie is not objectionable - it's very affectionate, and has a light comic tone - but it is insufferable. Tweeness and whimsy eclipse any spark of thoughtfulness. The resulting confection is two hours of drama-less self-congratulation.
0.8 A tasty little confection inspired by two true stories.
0.6 Worth seeing for the performances, but the endings of both stories are oddly unsatisfying and it never really comes together as a single film.
0.7 Ephron reunites with Streep for this slightly overlong and very girly drama based on two true stories, both of which are involving and well-played. The comedy is earthy and real, and the film looks good enough to eat.
0.4 The ham, madam? It's very much on, in this bland gastro-mantic comedy that needs much less sugar and a hell of a lot more bite.
0.6 Ultimately, two different stories in the one movie format works only to a point. Julia's story sizzles while Julie's merely simmers. It's still satisfying stuff, but I doubt you'll return for second helpings.
0.4 Julie & Julia serves up two true stories for the price of one, with results that are only half-way satisfying.
0.75 Like a souffle. Fluffy and delicious, and often this close to collapsing.
0.75 awash in culinary imagery, and it's enough to make you want to run out, purchase some Le Creuset cookware, and start deboning a duck
0.625 Any movie that follows parallel stories runs the danger that one will be superior to the other, but the disparity is especially wide in Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia.
0.625 There's a scene in the movie when Julie is watching SNL and Dan Aykroyd is doing his famous Julia Childs impersonation and it's not that much different than Streep's version. Too cartoony. But Adams is fantastic!
0.875 It's a movie to savor.
0.6 The Amy Adams half is shallow enough, and too inclined towards writer-director Nora Ephron's worst habits, that it manages to wreck what would otherwise be a good enough bit of fun.
0.625 As Child would have told you, a souffle isn't a filling meal.
0.75 One can't help but wonder if Ephron would've been better off focusing exclusively on Child: She's simply more interesting screen company. But Ephron's commercial touch serves her well here.
0.5 Julia Child's letters home are vivacious, illustrating her generosity and wit, her resolve and sense of humor.
0.6 Julie & Julia is a scrumptious delight... a vivacious pleasure. In the word of both Julie and Julia: Yum.
0.625 As a writer herself and a woman in an even more cutthroat business, you would think that Ephron might shed off her usual goody-goody fantasies and stick one to Powell. Heh, ridicule in a Nora Ephron film? Even Julia Child would raspberry that one.
0.5 Even Streep inevitably falls victim to Ephron's one-note modus operandi...
0.75 ... savor the genius of Streep whipping her high-pitched Julia accent into a froth as she chops a mountain of onions into submission.
0.75 A tasty dual biography.
0.8 This may not be a great movie, but it's a sweet, funny, enjoyable work with characters it's possible to care about and fine performances straight across the board.
0.6 Meryl is magnificent and the humor is good, but the movie overall is fairly ordinary
0.8 This is yet another movie that will leave Meryl Streep's legion of fans convinced she can do anything (except sing, as Mamma Mia proved).
0.625 Perhaps the most disappointing thing about Julie & Julia is the lack of dramatic closure.
0.8 Less Julie and more Julia, and you'd have the perfect recipe...
0.75 The main reason the Child half of Julie & Julia soars is that Streep so fully inhabits the woman.
1.0 A refreshingly-charming take on an enduring cultural icon and a lady now likely to go down in history as her #1 fan.
0.6 Schizophrenic as it is, Julie & Julia is very fortunate to have Meryl Streep holding up both hers and everyone else's souffle to keep the proceedings passably entertaining.
0.8 Ephron's cuisine is clearly undercooked. Amy Adams Powell serves the main dish. It misses key ingredients causing you to long for more of Meryl Streep's scrumptious dessert.
0.75 Don't go see Julie & Julia, a delightful culinary treat, on an empty stomach %u2013 unless, of course, you are a masochist.
0.625 Julie & Julia features two dramatically inert story lines and two firecracker actresses.
0.6 Meryl Streep is Julia Child -- in a movie that needs more of her.
0.9 An epicurean delight!
0.8 Streep's a walking, talking, rising souffle who refuses to fall. A vibrating baguette. An impassioned risotto. (Do the French eat risotto?) Streep clearly energizes every scene she's in--and in those she sadly isn't.
0.75 In a movie about as diametrically opposed to what you normally expect from Streep (this is no Sophie's Choice), she seems to be relishing every chance to be silly, goofy, and funny.
0.75 Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are great fun to watch, and Streep could well earn yet another Oscar nomination.
0.4 People like my mother are going to eat this movie up... I, however, was bored. Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
0.75 It's a delicious concoction of two delectable stories, but the surprise is that Amy Adams sweetly understated performance goes down much easier than Meryl Streep's showy shtick, which too often becomes almost indigestibly larger than life.
0.625 Meryl Streep is simply stupendous in the lead role and the main reason to see the movie. Her classy impersonation is worthy of year-end awards recognition.
0.75 Child was a large personality, and Meryl Streep is a great actress -- the combination does rather overshadow young Amy Adams in the role of Powell, the earnest disciple.
0.625 Perfectly pleasant but slight.
0.75 Meryl Streep is yeast that makes this light comedy rise.
0.8 Streep and Tucci give us a mature sizzle, sexy and endearing. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or champagne and strawberries -- they're fabulous alone, but together -- wow, the combination's irresistible.
0.75 Meryl Streep makes such a tasty and larger-than-life Julia in a nostalgically evoked late-'40s Paris that it's worth stomaching the pancake-flat sequences with her supposed early 21st-century counterpart, Julie Powell.
0.7 Well, what do you know? It turns out there was an accent Meryl Streep hadn't yet tackled -- and, as anyone might guess, she handles it with remarkable finesse.
0.875 The Julia-Paul relationship is one of the most blissful seen in years, and Streep and Tucci dance through their interpretations with the grace and chemistry of an Astaire-Rogers routine.
0.7 Streep as Child is a magnet who draws everybody to her in every minute of screen time.
0.8 A consummate entertainment that echoes the rhythms and attitudes of classic Hollywood, it's a satisfying throwback to those old-fashioned movie fantasies where impossible dreams do come true.
0.75 It's Julia who truly delights, and who we want seconds of. Like the food she dishes up, she's warm and spicy, hearty and satisfying.
0.625 Streep makes you want to have whatever she's having. The rest of the movie makes you wonder what else is on, until you remember you're not really watching the Lifetime channel.
0.875 This is one lip-smacking, celestially aromatic, drop-dead delicious movie.
0.75 Few movies are as delightful as Julie & Julia.
0.875 Meryl Streep is so utterly delightful as Julia Child it made me think the best definition of a movie star is that when she's off-screen for even a moment, you want her to get back up there fast.
0.75 The film is not just a showcase for Streep's considerable talents, it's also another demonstration of the career growth of Amy Adams.
0.875 What an expression of the joy of cooks and cooking Julie & Julia turns out to be.
0.75 Child was often imitated but Streep lets us see her jubilant soul.
0.7 From Child's warbling, New England-by-way-of-Paris voice to her towering yet curiously lighthearted physical presence, Streep gets everything technically right about the woman.
0.6 Tempting Meryl Streep dramedy satisfies but doesn't wow.
1.0 Yum! One of the Best Films of 09 with its celebration of culinary creativity and the spiritual practice of enthusiasm as the energy which animates the efforts of two women to give their best to the world.
0.75 It's a light and entertaining treat, with winning performances, sharp writing and some happy surprises.
0.5 Loved the first course, hated the second.
0.75 Elevating the mediocre simply by one's presence is probably the definition of star power, and Streep makes good material better and marginal material worth watching.
0.75 Together the film's parallel stories do make slightly more than the sum of their ingredients, cooking up undemanding summer fun.
0.75 Ephron, like her heroines, has finally found what suits her: a surprising comic and romantic realism.
0.875 A feast of winning characters, sumptuous food, loving marriages, and strong women who stumble, laugh, cry, write and, of course, cook their way into our hearts.
0.5 Julie & Julia is a romantic comedy, too, but this time the romance is between two women, and one of them, truth be told, is a dud.
0.7 A lighthearted comedy that's very easy to like, with some charming performances.
0.875 This old-fashioned star vehicle of the highest order lacks conventional drama and conflict -- and is none the worse for those absences.
0.5 Julie's setbacks are dealt out like the hand in a game we don't want to play anymore. We want to drop the cards and stay over at Julia's winning table.
0.6 Meryl Streep and Amy Adams cook up a treat in Julie & Julia.
0.8 Aesthetically, the film is phenomenal. Streep and Adams deliver fantastic performances and the parallels between the characters were fascinating.
0.625 Cooking shows haven't just jumped the shark, they've pan-seared its still-beating heart and served it as a $40 mini burger with a side of couscous at a SOHO fusion joint. This backlash helps Julie & Julia, half of it, anyways
0.6 It's not enough to sustain a film that runs over two hours, but it does at least make it pleasant to sit through much of the time.
0.8 While the Julia Child material and Streep's performance are entertaining enough to warrant a recommendation, the other stuff is so dreadfully dull that you wonder why it even exists at all
0.75 With a whopping fifteen Academy Award nominations on her resume', and an almost guaranteed number sixteen thanks to her performance here, she (Streep) continues to amaze.
0.625 The alternating storylines are slight and conflict is severely lacking, but Meryl Streep and Amy Adams are extraordinary, lifting so-so material into an enjoyable, easy-breezy, late-summer trifle.
0.625 Julie & Julia does have some euphoric moments centered around food and cooking, and both Adams and Streep are very much worth watching.
0.6 Too long, too bland and never really pays off in the way one might hope with such a strong premise and cast.
0.6 Julie & Julia proceeds with such ease and charm that its audacity is easy to miss.
0.75 Nora Ephron's Julie & Julia is one-half delightful and one-half disappointing; luckily, the delightful part stays with you while the rest fades away.
0.75 The ideal recipe has a special ingredient that can lift a dish from meh to memorable. Meryl Streep -- at her brilliant, beguiling best -- is the spice that does the trick for the yummy Julie & Julia.
0.4 Streep's Julia reminded me more of Akroyd's Julia than Julia's Julia.
0.75 This is blissful moviemaking. Much of the pleasure we have in watching it comes from seeing Tucci and, obviously, Streep connect. But it's also the effortlessness Ephron reveals in bringing it all together.
0.75 A lightweight but enjoyable gustatory romp.
0.875 Like Nora Ephron's captivating film, Streep's performance is haute cuisine disguised as comfort food, a complex preparation yielding effects both broadly entertaining and subtly moving.
0.6 Glossy and graceful, Julie & Julia is less about a full belly than it is about a full life, less about assembling dishes and more assembling one's self
0.6 Getting something half right would never have been good enough for [Julia] Child, and the movie goes all sorts of wrong with Julie.
0.6 an enjoyable experience -- just not as filling as it could have been.
0.75 Julie & Julia was directed by Nora Ephron with a light touch that will satisfy an eager audience of female foodies.
0.2 I suppose it's telling that the only time in Julie & Julia that I heartily chuckled was during an archived clip of Dan Aykroyd impersonating Child on Saturday Night Live. Now there was entertainment with some life to it.
0.65 The film features a typical bio on the one side -- the making of the legend that is Julia Child -- and a coming-of-age rom-com on the other, with the good but underused Amy Adams pouting her way through New York City and a cookbook; the only shared ingred
0.625 Julie & Julia is not lacking in entertainment value, especially with the Streep performance. But if the men had been portrayed as more high-spirited, it might have taken on intriguing dimensions.
0.625 For all its merits, Julie & Julia is felled by a near total lack of compelling drama.
0.8 The comedy about a would-be writer's attempt to cook her way through Child's culture-changing cookbook sees Nora Ephron return to her Sleepless in Seattle form.
0.8 Although the calories ultimately are empty, they sure are enjoyable.
0.625 There's almost no conflict in either of the stories presented in Julie & Julia, and though this is preferable to contrived conflict, it still leaves us with a rather overlong, lovey-dovey picture.
0.6 Like a fallen souffle, this movie delivers flavor but not the dizzying deliciousness it promises.
0.625 The movie is sweet, amusing and, unlike one of Child's decadent platters of beef bourguignon, mostly weightless; if not for Streep's expert portrayal, which is boundlessly energetic and respectful, it might float off the screen.
0.8 In the end, Julie & Julia doesn't stack up as much more than a pleasant summertime diversion, but it's hands down the best such trifle that Ephron has ever concocted.
0.75 Love and food, the basics of life, two passions common to nearly everyone on the planet, the film offers them up like hors d'oeuvres never ceasing to circle the room. It's gentle, tender, warm, and sprinkled generously with tasty bits of humor.
0.7 The single best reason to see the film is Streep and Tucci together, turning their Devil Wears Prada rivalry into a funny, deeply romantic marriage, full of quips and sex and lots of amazing food.
0.7 There's a genuine sophistication, both technically and thematically, to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance.
0.7 Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought.
0.875 The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories.
0.75 Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life.
0.6 The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love... intense and understandably moving. It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest.
0.7 Fun, up to a point, but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific, with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare.
0.625 It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema.
0.875 It's not a new idea, that violence destroys everyone, no matter the 'righteousness' of their cause. But it's one worth relearning.
0.375 While there's no denying that Park has strong visual skills, his content so far is in appalling bad taste.
0.5 There's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction, but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths.
0.75 Park's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents.
0.5 Promises to be a stylish, resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks.
0.625 It's all a little ultra-cool for me. Shakespeare was right. Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold, not cool.
0.75 Park pays most of his attention to visceral style, but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable.
0.25 So bloody, scatologically violent and consistently shocking, it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim.
0.4 Two hours that didn't entertain much, thrill much or do much of anything...much.
0.625 Somehow you'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he didn't seem to be having such a good time making it.
0.86 SFMV is a cinematic tour de force, if an unrelentingly cruel one.
0.75 An intense, viscerally charged thriller that stays with you.
0.7 Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy.
0.8 It's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park's even more audacious Oldboy (2003) are clearly evident.
0.75 You'll likely be repulsed by much of Park's vision, but, as somebody once said: no pain, no gain.
0.875 You can't look away, not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed, but because the director sucks you into his bleak, poetic, even sensible vision of cosmic brutality.
0.75 Lucidly [explores] the grey-area complexities of guilt, morality, and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution.
0.9 Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years.
0.4 vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext
0.8 Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor.
0.4 There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability.
1.0 Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecaveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park, este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima.
0.4 The end result is a forgettable movie, notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting.
0.375 A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary.
0.875 These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind, shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination. Even beauty.
0.625 There's no flow or rhythm, and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing.
0.8 Brutally nihilistic, this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time.
0.6 Smart and engaging, but too many meandering breeze-shooting sequences.
0.333333333333 It's never enough to establish any sensitivity or social pertinence beyond the trifling tiffs which are playing out on screen.
0.5 Less dazed and confused than mumbling and mundane, this drama focuses on social awkwardness and twentysomething blues. Skipping aimlessly from scene to scene it offers little observations and rewards low expectations.
0.4 There's only so much twentysomething navel-gazing one can listen to before wanting to slap some sense - and some fully formed sentences - into them all.
0.4 There is something teeth-grindingly cutesy about the whole thing, reaching epic levels of dippiness in the, ahem, nude trumpet-playing scenes. That makes it sound interesting, come to think of it, and perhaps it is.
0.4 For every revelatory moment of sharp perception there's an eternity of goofy smiles, stuttered dialogue and embarrassed glances.
0.4 The film meanders along in conversational style, encouraging improvisational realism but also the thought that maybe these middle-class characters, not quite slackers, are less interesting than they, or the director, think they are.
0.6 Watchable independent drama from the mumblecore crowd, though it's not quite sharp enough, funny enough or insightful enough to really get off the ground and the characters are occasionally irritating.
0.625 Joe Swanberg's film wears out its welcome about halfway through its 83 minutes.
0.7 Swanberg can be playful behind the camera -- he has a taste for Godardian jump cuts -- and his sense of color is crisp. Gerwig, his millennial Jean Seberg, is no pixie; her captivating ordinariness helps hold the movie together.
0.75 [Director] Swanberg nails the inane fun of youth.
0.5 No one involved seems to have any thoughts about why people are selfish and cruel to each other, but they're more than willing to complain about it.
0.75 Chop off a star if you're not up for highly experimental cinema.
0.625 When it works, it works like a charm.
0.6 Perfectly encapsulates the slow-motion, frustrated feeling of early adulthood, when longing and inchoate desire easily outnumber actual transformative events and achievements.
0.5 Looks like it should be on an Off Off Off Broadway play in the Village...
0.75 Hannah is charmingly self-absorbed without the extenuating circumstance of self-knowledge. Above all, she's young. The movie forgives her for that and, with occasional misgivings, so do we.
0.375 Note to anyone who stumbles into this snoozefest: forget about taking the stairs-head straight for the nearest exit.
0.5 The fumbling banalities spouted by the characters belie the prior achievements of the actors making them up.
0.666666666667 [Actor] Gerwig [turns] her terminally anxious character into a poster girl for an entire subset of young women on the verge. Every generation gets the Darling they deserve. We now have ours.
0.375 The loose, rambling conversations that substitute for action might be more interesting if any of the characters were capable of real introspection.
0.75 How can a movie with such a charming cast and believable dialogue (seemingly taken from the actors' real lives) go wrong? It can't.
0.7 Hannah Takes the Stairs is notable for what the movie represents: an evolutionary entry in the Do It Yourself (or D.I.Y.) independent film movement.
0.4 This do-it-your effort, shot in HD, would be nothing without hazel-eyed Greta Gerwig as Hannah, Meg Ryan-cute with a tousled Jean Seberg hairdo.
0.4 Gerwig's talents might be better displayed in some form of scripted or structured film rather than this erratic warts 'n' all waste of time.
0.5 At what cost, naturalism?
0.6 The unexpected appeal of this seeming non-story is cumulative; what begins as a maddening portrait of a microcosm of liberal, well-educated white kids (with the occasional ethnic friend) steadily grows on you.
0.53 The result is a mesh of creative sensibilities that never quite congeals.
0.7 A low-key and enjoyable film with a cast consisting mostly of other indie filmmakers and writers.
0.8 Each film [director Swanberg] does is a little more of an evolution in style and form and Hannah Takes the Stairs is like watching a natural progression of talent.
0.6 An episodic, off-beat film that's aged well. Burt Reynolds is empathetic as a tired, sad and very lethal tough guy with a heart of gold who longs to leave Las Vegas.
0.5 The movie is filled with promising starts, but then everything dissolves into a violent action climax.
1.0 Frame by frame, sketch by sketch, Sullivan has created a rich and layered world in "Consuming Spirits," one that won't easily let you go.
0.7 Something more coherent, masterful - and oddly poignant - than it may initially seem.
1.0 "Consuming Spirits" puts a hook in you and doesn't let you off. A hook the size of a crowbar.
0.75 An ambitious animated epic that runs well over two hours and sometimes feels more like a feat than a film. Nevertheless, it's a kind of milestone in its genre.
0.8 Even if one grows impatient with the film's dovetailing tales of small-town desperation, it's hard to tire of its visual execution.
0.75 It is the story of people in a small ordinary town, knowing nothing but their ordinary affairs, revealing their sins and crimes with an ordinary negligence.
0.92 Fifteen years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spiritsis the work of his lifetime -- or any lifetime, for that matter.
0.75 Sullivan pulls the narrative noose tight at long last, and wraps up "Consuming Spirits'' as neatly as a Victorian novel - albeit one written by someone with an alarming affinity for the grotesque.
1.0 At a time when animation is expected to be computer-generated, three-dimensional and relentlessly upbeat, Mr. Sullivan's film is flat, handmade and melancholy, a dark and painful fantasy for grown-ups.
0.9 The effect is that of disjointed, haunted reverie, of alternate realities colliding, soundtracked by mumbled asides and an uneasy murmur of background noise.
0.6 The interweaving stories of commercialized religion, rancid Americana and alcoholic wretches start wearing thin around the movie's midpoint; by the end, the whole morose endeavor risks becoming downright threadbare.
1.0 Not only a monstrous visual achievement, but one of the most uniquely humanistic animated features of all time.
0.7 Issues of plot aside, though, the thing that any viewer is likely to notice first is the striking, nearly unpremeditated style of the film.
0.3 Vantage Point is a patented representative of this year's early mediocrity. Vantage Point is trailer trash.
0.625 If you are looking for mindless action, it's not bad. But since this is trying to be something more than that, I can't quite recommend it.
0.2 It swears it's being clever yet refuses to trust the audience.
0.5 Asks us to believe the terrorists would, after slaughtering countless people, risk their entire plan--and their very lives--on...well, I won't say. But from my vantage point, it was ridiculous.
0.3 [Vantage Point is] a puzzle cut by a drunken, three-fingered jigsaw operator who lost a few pieces and chewed on a few others.
0.6 If you thought 24's perspective on terrorism was, well, limited, get ready to groan. The meat and potatoes of Vantage Point -- the suicide bomb explosions, the bloody fisticuffs and blaring car chases -- are indeed awesome, and that's what truly matters f
0.5 Those inclined to scrutinize the logic of Barry Levy's screenplay are likely to come away as baffled by its farfetched twists as amused by its bombastic excesses.
0.7 Vantage Point takes a pretty high concept, dribbles a bunch of red herrings all over it, and makes things go boom, reaping better yields than the average TV show.
0.5 When you wrap a movie around a gimmick, the wrapping better be taut and engaging or the gimmick falls flat.
0.8 Vantage Point is a tense and imaginative thriller that reels you in the longer it goes along, only to lose focus in the last 15 minutes. This final reel misstep is a shame, but it's not enough to ruin all the good work that's come before it.
0.6 With a little more work this could have been a first-rate thriller along the lines of the Bourne films, because the concept is intriguing and our interest is held for a significant part of the film.
0.8 If you're watching for perfectly matched action you're not into the mystery and you probably aren't going to be very sympathetic to the effort involved.
0.625 Writer Barry Levy has added some snap, crackle and pop to what would otherwise be a routine action film had it been presented in chronological order.
0.6 A curta duracao e o ritmo constantemente frenetico do filme mantem o espectador atento e interessado, mesmo que o objeto de tanta atencao nao faca muito sentido em retrospecto.
0.4 Vantage Point might sound intriguing on paper but it's all gimmick and not a lot of substance.
0.4 As much as we'd like to see an American president made accountable, we don't have to see it over and over and over again.
0.6 The stories are cleverly interwoven, with a couple of unexpected twists, and the patient viewer is rewarded with a doozy of a car chase in the last reel.
0.333333333333 Although mounted with no little efficiency by director Pete Travis (who previously made the TV drama-doc 'Omagh'), the narrative enterprise actually hides a one-dimensional world view, with civilian casualties mere background set dressing.
0.6 Some okay thrills with good performances and some smarts. But the last reel plunge spoils things.
0.75 a ripping good yarn
0.75 A decent thriller that takes time to get started
0.4 I might almost sit through the crappy storytelling one more time just to see the car chases. These are the kind car chases that Stuntman Mike from Death Proof might be able to appreciate
0.5 The Bourne films have fundamentally altered the rules... Every action thriller from here on out must adapt or risk coming across like some middling, antiquated dinosaur.
0.4 Decent actors wasted; impossible, idiotic plot twists; an unimaginative shooting style; an okay but unspectacular bit of action. Yep, it's a February movie all right.
0.625 The more they replay the story, the more you realize that there really wasn't all that much to see in the first place.
0.375 Basically, Vantage Point is a don't-ask-and-we-won't-tell movie. We are just supposed to sit back and ride along without questioning where we are being driven.
0.3 This movie is just down right annoying.
0.7 Suspenseful, yes - but it's all too far-fetched to matter much.
0.25 Now I know how Bill Murray felt in Groundhog Day.
0.3 [...] one would expect events to be gradually fleshed out until the mystery behind the attack is finally revealed, just in time for a bodacious climax, right? Yeah.
0.6 Pete Travis' Rashomon retread reads more like a less funny Groundhog Day.
0.5 Vantage Point requires three simultaneous coincidences for the ending to work. That may be a record.
0.625 The movie presents an interesting "Vantage Point." And its gimmick makes it an above-average thriller.
0.4 It calls for the suspension of the snort-and-chortle reflex. And it fails even at that.
0.75 Between the many 'What the?' moments until its outrageously absurd ending, Vantage Point is a brisk, entertaining experience.
0.75 I didn't buy that final twist, but it was still a fast, fun, breezy piece of entertainment. Enjoyable way to spend 90 minutes.
0.2 In case we haven't had enough fear-mongering in the past few years, this schlock takes up the slack.
0.8 ...(O)ver-Rashomoned with too many flashbacks, Travis produces a a slambang car chase, even though it does lead to a climax too absurd for words.
0.5 There's an interesting idea here, showing a major political event from various perspectives until we finally get to the real story. The problem is that the real story is rather contrived.
0.4 Vantage Point's summed up by its name; from some angles, it looks like an above-average studio thriller, but from others it falls out of sight fast.
1.0 I was quite literally on the edge of my seat for all of its lightning fast ninety minutes. It's not just merely good -- it's nothing less than one of the best pictures of the year
0.5 Movies used to boast of being 'torn from the headlines.' Now, they're torn from an electronics catalog. Who needs James Bond's Q when you've got Best Buy?
0.7 Sure the movie's multiple viewpoint contrivance is just an excuse to get to a car chase, but it's a good car chase.
0.75 Enjoy Vantage Point while the thrills last, and try to ignore the 'what the heck?' stretches of credulity in the final reels.
0.75 A genuine crowd-pleaser overall, brisk and suspenseful%u2014more or less everything it promises to be.
0.5 While the title, trailer and commercials imply that we'll be carefully piecing together clues to a complex assassination attempt as seen from several perspectives, the final product turns out to be a tepid thriller that promises more than it delivers.
0.5 At a certain point its sheer can-you-top-this excess takes over, credibility flies out the window and there's no reason to continue paying attention.
0.5 Vantage Point is a thriller that has quite a lot on its mind. The very structure of the movie challenges the audience's patience, if not its wit.
0.75 Keep your expectations reasonable.
0.5 All this visual caffeine is in service to a story that isn't worth telling, and that too frequently resorts to the cheap technique of putting an adorable little girl in peril, then cutting away.
0.25 When everything is finally revealed, the story Vantage Point tells is fairly pedestrian, and nothing special is gained from all the stopping and restarting.
0.8 An overplotted, gimmicky presidential-assassination thriller, its interlocking pieces have to fit just so for it to stay coherent and ratchet up the tension.
0.75 Director Pete Travis keeps things grim and gritty and moving.
0.2 A gimmick in search of its own point.
0.375 Chugging forward and chundering back, the movie keeps promising to whip up something hellishly complicated, but what keeps the movie going for an hour and a half is not a complicated plot but a stingy way of dribbling out information.
0.75 While it's no classic, Vantage Point is well worth a look.
0.5 Vantage Point is the highlights reel of an action movie too average to watch in any other form.
0.6 Initially intriguing and energetic, this film ends up demonstrating that a good script needs to be more than a clever concept and fine direction must be more than moving things fast.
0.625 Hey, it's February, a month when moviegoers have to be thankful for anything diverting.
0.2 The first 15 minutes of Vantage Point are the worst. Then you only have to sit through them seven more times.
0.75 A nice, straightforward, good old-fashioned geopolitical conspiracy thriller with no pretentions.
0.5 The problem with Vantage Point is that the rapid-rewind technique keeps interfering with the thriller's momentum.
0.375 This action/suspense-thriller is hopelessly convoluted and contrived. The filmmakers are clearly trying to duplicate the style and feel vastly superior television series 24.
0.75 Vantage Point makes nice use of the heft of Dennis Quaid, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver in a story in which an assassination followed by an explosion gets revisited from eight points of view.
0.375 Reduces global terrorism to a Rubik's Cube suitable for an evening's entertainment. If that doesn't make you vaguely ill, by all means take this thriller for the shallow, gimmicky "ride" it aspires to be.
0.2 If you can work your way past Vantage Point's goofy casting that places a bland, blank-eyed Hurt in the White House, then I suppose you can manage to forgive this Rashomon rip-off's other glaring idiosyncrasies, of which there are many.
0.75 The filmmakers hook us and reel us in during 90 breathless minutes.
0.625 Not much about the plot can be revealed without giving away the various surprises and twists [which]are the only reason to sit through the film.
0.875 The exhilarating car chase that closes the movie is alone worth the price of admission...
0.5 No matter how you look at it, Vantage Point is a letdown.
0.69 ...counts on its audience not thinking about what they're seeing, but instead being mesmerized by flash and boom ...This is a movie to make you angry, but not with the straw evildoers it puts on screen.
0.4 It starts off strong but quickly becomes so contrived and repetitive that by the time it finally lumbers to its deeply unsatisfying and ludicrously melodramatic finale, you feel like an idiot for having wasted your time watching it
0.375 Trying, monotonous, and not anywhere near as relevant or clever as it imagines itself to be, Vantage Point proves once again that while it's easy to rely on a gimmick, it's usually not the best idea to trust it.
0.625 I forgave its sins for delivering at least an hour of undiluted enjoyment.
0.625 A movie that features very intense, action-packed moments, but a story that gets overly complicated and borders on spinning out of control as it becomes too farfetched by the end
0.5 We view this event from every possible point of view except a logical -- or entertaining -- one.
0.5 Less would have definitely been more in this case; if viewers squint their eyes hard enough, they might just be able to locate a kitchen sink lurking somewhere in the background.
0.4 I'm starting to think that '24' and 'The Bourne Identity' have made it nearly impossible for me to enjoy the average or even slightly above average spy thriller.
0.5 The information sorting and gathering required by Barry L. Levy's screenplay feels like night school as opposed to a great night out at the movies.
0.5 A story that could easily (and more effectively) have been told in about half the time.
0.4 Disappointing action flick centers on terrorism.
0.5 An assassination thriller that boasts the glossy tourist vistas of an airline magazine combined with a serious case of instant-replay-itis.
0.625 Vantage Point offers a modicum of entertainment but it requires viewers to react more forcefully from the gut than the mind. It's viscerally effective but lobotomized.
0.375 The bones of a good idea for a conspiracy thriller lie buried in the corpse of Vantage Point. It feels more like a movie with a personality disorder.
0.5 Offers less entertainment than just awareness of how nearly every American male role seems like it was intended for Harrison Ford.
0.75 The setup is so riveting, the suspense so carefully prolonged, that I didn't mind when it unraveled into lunacy near the end.
0.6 The problem with Vantage Point, or at least one problem, is that it depends too much on coincidence. The film relies on things breaking a certain way for nearly every plot advancement.
0.25 Cool game plan on paper, unfortunately, the execution lacks. Further, this is not the subject matter with which to play games.
0.75 A tight, solid mystery/thriller that keeps you guessing until the end.
0.375 ...a marketing hook first and a movie ... well, actually, never.
0.375 Choppy, point-of-view twisting thriller that never rises above its gimmickry.
0.4 Starts off well but then tries to replicate the fast-paced frenzy of The Bourne Ultimatum with an improbable car chase.
0.65 A competently-made action-thriller but nothing particularly ground-breaking once it casually discards its pretense of being told from multiple points of view.
0.25 It's mind-numbingly tedious, perhaps because the rhythm, the plot, even the seemingly indestructible veteran secret service agent Barnes seem lifted wholesale from any random episode of 24.
0.875 Smart escapist thrillers are a dying breed but this is one of the good ones.
0.4 A stale effort that seems content to find its niche in a harmless mediocrity.
0.625 The flaws aren't fatal. The beauty and brilliance that might have been, don't preclude the quality and bravery that exist on the screen.
0.2 The House of the Spirits is like Gone With the Wind with the fun and excitement replaced by lofty. All that's left is the wind.
0.5 How can an accomplished director take a great novel, the best actors working and the finest technicians available and make a film so... bland? It's a puzzlement.
0.25 This isn't just a bad movie -- it's hugely, grandiosely, pompously bad.
0.3 Inert from its opening moments to its too-long-delayed close, this lackluster production is an example of international filmmaking at its least attractive, and a misstep in the careers of pretty much everyone involved.
0.25 The story, from the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende, is purely incidental to the unintentionally hysterical stylings of this potential camp cult film. It's truly awful, and one shouldn't miss it for the world.
0.4 Given the talents involved, the film's hesitations in style and consistent failure to really move must be counted as a major disappointment.
0.4 Sterling cast, but a thoroughly mundane movie
0.6 It does take daring chances with a book that could not have been adapted otherwise, using extraordinary actors to rise above its occasional lapses. The lack of fidelity is often offset by intelligence of a subtler kind.
0.7 Ultimately, The House of the Spirits blends enough melodrama and magic realism and personal conflict framed in political terms to keep virtually any audience happily absorbed.
0.5 All of the characters have the right names, all of the necessary events occur, and indeed the very best local actors have been engaged. But the soul has been mislaid.
0.3 Everything is too densely compressed and without resonance, and The House of the Spirits blasts through six decades without leaving any emotion in its wake.
0.75 Bille August has done a fine job with Isable Allende's tale, crafting a captivating motion picture, but it's hard not to recognize the flaws, and wonder about the lost potential.
0.2 You're better off reading the Cliff's Notes.
0.625 Marceau and Bean have no chemistry, which is essential to a film like this.
0.4 This version manages to be both the most pretentious and anaemic yet.
0.5 Like its opening, Leo Tolstoy's Anna Karenina is half-successful.
0.375 Bloodless and shallow adaptation.
0.5 A copy of the paperback book should cost about as much as a movie ticket, and will provide a more lasting and worthwhile investment.
0.8 Sumptuous cinematography, glorious sets and costumes dominate throughout the film.
0.6 Provided you have a burning interest in pretty visuals and less regard for the whys and wherefores of human behavior, this latest adaptation of Tolstoy's classic is a pleasant watch.
0.75 A wacky, high-energy satire of the music business.
0.6 Silly fun.
0.625 Tapeheads plays with the same kind of off-kilter energy that Repo Man has, but lacks the complete abandon of the former.
0.6 The amiable screenplay by Mr. Fishman and Peter McCarthy is often funny, and never worse than silly.
0.375 All of these elements have been lifted off the shelf of exhausted cliches, given a quick dusting, and plugged directly into the movie.
0.75 Cassavetes' film is pure Hollywood fiction and sensationalism mixed with some sense of reality, but hell I enjoyed it a great deal...
0.3 A lackluster teenage true-crime tale.
0.6 Its originality lies in the fact that it depicts white middle-class kids on the loose, calling their women bitches and listening endlessly to violent, misogynist and homophobic black rap.
0.6 Nick Cassavetes' film combines an aimless ramble through juvenile depravity in the affluent suburbs of LA and a quite disturbing evocation of the true-life murder of an adolescent boy in 1999.
0.7 It's Beverly Hills 90210 on crystal meth as a gang of posh potheads lose the plot when a kidnapping goes wrong.
0.8 The movie may lose its way in the last 15 minutes but everything leading up to that point is gripping, edge-of-your-seat stuff.
0.6 Lengthy and often off-hot topic, this is still a gripping saga with stand-out turns from Timberlake, Hirsch and kid-in-the-spotlight Yelchin.
0.4 Overall though, it's a messy, superficial affair: it lacks focus, shifts uneasily in tone, and shoehorns in star names (Sharon Stone, Bruce Willis) to little effect.
0.8 True, Alpha Dog is a film with no manners. But it has great nerve. What's truly impressive is how the splintered story is buried by individual performances.
0.6 Worth seeing for Stone's grotesque bow and some great youthful performances. But it's not half as gritty as it thinks it is.
0.6 It suffers from ADD, but there's some terrific stuff in here. Leaving 15 minutes from the end and saving yourself a lumbering coda may improve enjoyment.
0.8 Emotionally engaging, impressively directed and frequently tense drama with strong performances from a terrific ensemble cast.
0.6 Cassavetes uses a wide arsenal of flashy techniques...but his stylistic fourishes and some committed performances cannot disguise a certain emptiness where there should be tragedy.
0.0 The worst movie of the year.
0.7 A little long and pushy, but very well-played and at times utterly harrowing
0.2 Even though we are less than two weeks into the new year, here is a film that is already a strong contender for the title of Worst Film of 2007.
0.8 This movie is on fire. An edgy and startling film, definitely starts the 2007 movie year off with a bang!
0.7 This won't run at the front of the movie pack but it has bite.
0.625 At its best, the film offers a pointed critique of a youth culture that views someone like Jesse James Hollywood as a person to emulate.
0.75 Alpha Dog is good filmmaking.
0.625 Cassavetes' script buries a lot of character and thematic ambitions in the facts of the case.
0.7 Timberlake runs away with the movie, earning retribution for the straight-to-video disaster of Edison Force.
0.2 Despite some rather surprisingly good acting by some of the most unlikely of cast members, the film's directing and editing style ultimately ruin Alpha Dog.
0.125 All the overacting from the white boyz in the hood is nothing compared to the final speech from Sharon Stone, the alpha and omega of bad Hollywood actresses.
0.5 Sharon Stone's teary monologue near the end of the film might be more effective if she weren't buried inside a fat suit that makes her look like Jiminy Glick.
1.0 There are in fact no bad performances in this picture. The events depicted are often ugly and sometimes repulsive, but Cassavetes never flinches from depicting them fully
0.5 Timberlake has his breakout performance here, proving that he's not some pretty boy from a teen pop idol group.
0.375 It's like an actor's workshop at a community college where the instructor keeps screaming "Emote! Emote!" to the students.
0.95 Outstanding work from a young ensemble. Ben Foster steals the show in an over the top performance as an a**kicking, always-in-trouble, speedfreak.
0.5 Cassavetes starts to lose the plot at the precise moment he starts keeping exact track of it.
0.75 In most areas, Cassavetes's instincts are spot-on, particularly when it comes to casting Timberlake in what turns out to be the most important role in the film. He manages to be both reprehensible and deeply charismatic, and winds up stealing the picture.
0.5 Alpha Dog, a tale of a group of drug-fueled teenagers, is gritty to the point of painful abrasion.
0.5 As uneven as the film is, those with strong stomachs will find it worth sticking with.
0.25 It is all so done and overdone, so regurgitated, so late-night TV and what-else-is-new-in-hell.
0.875 Ultimately Alpha Dog is most successful as a teen gangster movie, a kind of cross between Goodfellas and The O.C. that is swiftly paced and extremely compelling.
0.6 [Writer/director Cassavetes] never masters the tone and lands as many unintentional laughs as intentional ones. But he still manages, on occasion, to chill you to the bone.
0.375 Cassavetes sends us on a slow death march, following his bland, drugged-out and overly tattooed characters from one beer-bong party to the next.
0.5 Alpha Dog may have some of Larry Clark's territory, and even some of Tarantino's markings. But it's still a mutt. And no matter how much it marks its territory, it never finds its own way home.
0.625 Irresponsible, uncommercial but surprisingly watchable.
0.5 Who would have thought that a real-life tale of sex, drugs and murder could be so instantly forgettable?
0.75 A frightening, tangled tapestry of youth as its worst.
0.5 As successful as the unlikely casting of Timberlake turns out to be, some of Cassavetes' other choices are disastrous.
0.75 Whatever he observed in those true-life figures these roles are based on, [writer/director Nick] Cassavetes sure knew how to apply it to one nasty but exhilarating work of art.
0.7 Although the filmmaker, Nick Cassavetes, doesn't seem to be trying to provide the whys and wherefores of the case, he has created an unmistakable (if uneven) indictment of the lifestyle.
0.125 Recovering from the Harlequin bathos of The Notebook, writer-director Nick Cassavetes directs this bogus-homeboy scenario as though his street cred depended on it.
0.75 Alpha Dog is a commanding ensemble piece.
0.5 While Alpha Dog is a cautionary tale, it too often revels in its own bad-boy attitude.
0.5 There probably isn't a single character in Alpha Dog you would consider likable or sympathetic. And yet, the film almost works in spite of that. Almost.
0.0 I truly doubt Hollywood will produce anything this year that bottoms Alpha Dog for offensively bad filmmaking.
0.75 The movie's biggest surprise is Timberlake, who finds the heart and soul of the not-so-tough Frankie and makes him the film's most complete character.
0.25 Has the most unappetizing film of 2007 really arrived just 12 days into the New Year? Alpha Dog will face contenders for that title, but it sets the bar high.
0.5 These aren't the psychologically exploded youths of Rebel Without a Cause, or even The Outsiders. They're characters in a long, violent, unbleeped episode of MTV's Cribs.
0.8 Cassavetes once again shows he is brimming with talent with this psychologically violent film that is involving despite the inevitable outcome.
0.25 When Justin Timberlake is the best thing about a film, you know you're in trouble.
0.625 It's no The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, and its final section chucks freedom in favor of formula, but it has moments of genuinely kooky energy.
0.75 Alpha Dog is a tragedy born of stupidity and weaned on depravity.
0.625 Week-old weed smoke practically wafts from the screen in a film that's most engaging once it's handed over to Justin Timberlake's excellent performance. But where it thinks it's delivering gut-punches, it's too often feigning with caricatures.
0.6 I almost hate to say it, but [Timberlake] might be reason enough to watch this.
0.87 ...meant as a cautionary tale, but it could be taken as just another tabloid exploitation.
0.75 Cassavetes captures the atmosphere of decadent disdain extremely well.. often unpleasant and even repellent, (but) the acting is consistently sturdy.
0.75 Alpha Dog is about people acting on impulse and slowly making things worse and worse.
0.75 A well-researched model of the true-crime genre...[and] close cinematic relative of Larry Clark's Bully.
0.2 A minefield of stupidity and degradation -- and not in a good way.
0.5 Sporadically intriguing but ultimately ineffective...
0.75 ...Cassavetes has crafted a film that will hold your interest until the end.
0.25 Ben Foster becomes cartoonish instead of scary. It feels like he is channeling Pauly Shore doing an Al Pacino impression.
0.4 Grade-C SoCal exploitation.
0.75 Alpha Dog is almost a sociological study of a youthful culture awash in freedom and steeped in violence, drugs, casual sex and offensive language. It also shines a light on parents who have abdicated their positions of guidance and discipline.
0.4 Calls for more explanation and less posturing.
0.4 The incessant reminders of the outcome, along with the liberal use of split screen, serve only to create a disconnect from what's on-screen.
0.6 Alpha Dog has much the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another in a zoo or reading the latest issue of Star magazine.
0.625 There's more voyeurism going on here, and less insight into a certain culture (the young and the wasted), than the filmmakers would probably admit to, but the performances are scarily real, and the outcome, well, is just scary.
0.5 Among the many movies about the California drug scene and lowlife, youthful wannabe thugs, Alpha Dog is far from the leader of the pack.
0.75 'This'll be over by tomorrow,' the big dog says to his prey at one point. Alpha Dog is full of good actors, young and old, making the most of such deceptively simple lines.
0.75 There's truth in the movie's point that when you're born with protective gloves on, you might not notice when you're playing with fire.
0.5 This film is way more about tits and ass and drugs and guns and California muscle cars and busting up house parties with kung fu than it is about deep characterization or the epic scale of Scarface.
0.5 Alpha Dog isn't a total wash, but it is unfocused, overstuffed and routine.
0.625 Cassavetes coaxes persuasive performances from Justin Timberlake and Anton Yelchin in this flashy re-creation of a 1999 kidnapping-murder in cushy Southern California, which overdoes the seamy side of suburbia angle.
0.875 Alpha Dog operates without outrage -- not because the behavior of the people in the movie isn't horrifying but because the movie knows it is much too late to save those bouncing, happy kids we glimpsed in the opening seconds.
0.5 Misses its opportunity to be a smart, investigative crime drama ... a frivolous and shallow affair about partying teens.
0.5 Alpha Dog, like most of its cast, is posing.
0.75 Alpha Dog may be more crass exploitation than an earnest attempt at laying out the facts of a crime, but it's exciting and watchable for anyone willing to romp in the mud for two hours.
0.75 Director Nick Cassavetes should be commended for the unflinching manner in which he tells the story -- it packs a punch, although it lingers too long to be truly unsettling.
0.4 An abusive, shallow, sleazy gangsta film that, at best, is a cautionary morality tale.
0.8 Tension and high emotional level of the players is the style of Cassavetes' docudrama and, for the most part, it works toward keeping you fascinated with a truly singular case in the annals of drug crime.
0.5 Timberlake walks off with the movie. Too bad it's not worth stealing.
0.375 Pot may impair your decision-making, but only speed will drive a man to drop trou and crap on another's living room floor.
0.75 What starts off as another seeming teenboy-targeted flick celebrating would-be gangbangers becomes a more interesting docudrama about a kidnapping turned tragic in Nick Cassavetes's Alpha Dog.
0.75 ...it's impossible not to get a kick out of watching [Noah] Wyle kill a man using a silenced pistol.
0.7 Worth watching if only for the half-dozen familiar faces and a few scenes that ratchet up the intensity quite serviceably.
0.8 Mehra's Bafta-nominated attempt to combine political drama and traditional entertainment remains entirely compelling.
0.5 The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
1.0 Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
0.9 The performances are fantastic, and as an ensemble they compliment each other beautifully.
0.8 As a chilly tale of a young woman striving to escape her family and her claustrophobic small town, it succeeds on its own merits.
0.5 When Animals Dream is a cold and understated Scandinavian werewolf movie that doesn't quite stick the landing.
0.9 Director Jonas Alexander Arnby has made another excellent contribution to Denmark's soft parade of horror.
0.8 A stark and strangely mesmerising take on contemporary silent cinema... for anyone interested in the language of filmmaking itself, The Tribe is a movie that demands to be seen
0.375 The film is more interested in performance and symbolism than in the meaning of its characters' words or their substitutive gestures.
0.8 I can't stop thinking about it.
1.0 A sad, shocking and undeniably harrowing dramatic reflection of Ukraine with the searing truthful lens of a stylistic documentary treatment (at times similar to that of Austrian auteur Ulrich Seidl).
0.95 The piece de resistance is a taboo subject that unfolds in an elaborate single take. It was so harrowing I would have applauded if it would not have been completely inappropriate for the subject matter to do so.
0.875 The Tribe was by far the most hard-hitting and vivid work in the [Cannes Film] festival.
0.75 Stephane Lafleur denies Nicole the angsty treatments given similar characters in films like The Graduate and Frances Ha by refusing to saturate the film with an undergirding sense of charm.
0.75 The night scenes are particularly resonant, mixing humour, suspense and textured visuals. This is the kind of film dream from which you feel reluctant to wake.
0.75 Tu Dors Nicole accurately recreates that feeling of youth when the summer seemed like it would last forever. As the French say, it's tres drole.
0.8 Lafleur counters the lackadaisical narrative with direction, editing and sound cues that are playful but precise, mysterious but potent, making every note in this exceptionally well-made film something to savour.
0.9 It's hard to explain just why I so adored Tu dors Nicole. Can't you just take my word for it?
0.8 Beautifully understated and grumpy in that special 20-something kind of way
1.0 This is a riveting piece of drama about a forgotten slice of history, no matter what the esteemed movie critics at the Vatican say about it.
0.8 A deliberately provocative film that triggers the audience's emotions in order to highlight important issues of personal freedom. Amen to that.
0.7 The Magdalene Sisters isn't perfect, but it sheds light on a story that needed to be told.
0.7 ...a powerful, dramatic, moving, dark, and depressing experience.
0.7 Its mode is that of 'a story that needs to be told,' lest we forget the marginalized lessons of history... worth seeing at least once.
0.875 A gut-wrenching expose of the mistreatment of young Irish women at the hands of men, the government and the Catholic Church.
0.74 Bracing and potent, though the film's stylistic polish is sometimes tonally counterintuitive
0.75 A harrowing indictment of the atrocities performed in the name of organized religion.
0.875 Beautifully directed and acted, Mullen's movie seems to be made with the same purpose as last year's Bloody Sunday, that of atonement and catharsis.
0.8 Um filme forte e relevante.
0.6 Too much like a sexualized Dickensian rant right out of Nicholas Nickelby or Oliver Twist to ever rise beyond the level of obvious propaganda.
0.8 "The Magdalene Sisters" will reduce you to quivering in your seat; if you are susceptible to crying at films, prepare to cry.
0.75 First and foremost, The Magdalene Sisters is an important film, a brutal, unwavering expose on a deplorable crime against women perpetrated by the Irish Catholic Church that went unchecked and unquestioned until 1996.
0.75 As compelling as the material is, the film never quite grabs you as anything more than a gruesome expose (although a particularly timely and important one).
0.8 A grim and unmistakable masterpiece of bleak, black sorrow.
0.75 With a little restraint, writer-director Peter Mullan's The Magdalene Sisters might have been a historical expose with the heft of films like last year's Rabbit-Proof Fence or The Pianist.
0.6 The sadistic horror of the story fuels the film the way some World War II movies feed on the Holocaust, but the movie is dramatically stagnant, and Mullan substitutes grimness for power.
1.0 Harsh and angry, this Oscar-worthy film stages a deliberately paced, thoroughly researched indictment of institutionalized cruelty and the kind of ignorance and hypocrisy that validates and encourages it.
0.6 Though it has a tendency to leave characters undeveloped and storylines empty, the overall portrait is significant.
0.875 As every bit hard to watch as it is to turn away from. And that's really saying something.
0.875 A hard pill to take -- but worth it for its outpouring of raw rage, and defiance, on the screen.
0.75 The raw power of the material, accompanied by breathtaking acting, lift the film to fascinating drama.
0.7 Though it has a tendency to leave characters undeveloped and storylines empty, the overall portrait is significant.
0.8 A powerful piece of agitprop.
0.625 Something like a 'Masterpiece Theatre' retread of an old Roger Corman women-in-prison flick...
0.875 Much like last year's Oscar-nominated "The Pianist," "Magdalene" is a movie that attempts to get at the core of pain, anguish and perseverance.
0.75 harrowing and mesmerizing
0.8 The Magdalene Sisters has the force of an alarm being sounded.
0.75 The outrage of actor-turned- writer-director Peter Mullan is palpable, and every frame of this shocking and occasionally exploitative film is designed to ensure that this reaction is contagious.
1.0 An edgy, complex tale.
0.5 remains far too formulaic to last longer than a passing footnote soon destined for dusty shelves
0.9 Even if you question the validity behind many of the arguments presented in the story, there is no denying the volcanic passion behind this often brilliant film.
0.8 Will make you furious and dejected, but in the end it offers an optimistic if unsettling twist.
1.0 Forget Freddy Versus Jason. For a real horror show, try The Magdalene Sisters.
0.75 If The Magdalene Sisters occasionally flirts with cartoonishness, the movie is tempered by Mullan's considerable filmmaking skills.
0.5 Mullan can direct scenes so that your skin crawls while your blood freezes, but his feel for drama is fairly primitive ... and before the movie ends, you may feel bilious from his force-fed revelations.
0.75 A story like this one could easily succumb to outraged melodrama, but not only does Mullan keep the drama human-sized, he even leavens it with the humor that one can easily believe had to be summoned to endure such misguided and malicious treatment.
0.875 Full of forceful, aching performances.
0.875 A dramatic expose on the mistreatment of girls at the hands of the Catholic Church in 1960s Ireland.
0.75 Although it's heavy-handed in its emotional button-pushing, The Magdalene Sisters still manages to produce all the reactions the filmmakers want: repulsion, indignation, anger and outrage.
0.875 The film's strength lies not in the harrowing crimes of its namesakes, but in the feisty spirit of the maltreated girls whose determination to escape their Dickensian nightmare transcends all.
0.75 The cast is uniformly fine, particularly smiley-eyed Geraldine McEwan as the avaricious Sister Bridget, and the filmmaking haunting.
0.75 A film of haunting eloquence and justifiable fury.
1.0 Blistering and brilliant work of true-life moral agitprop.
0.75 ...burns with a righteous fury that's at once invigorating and self-defeating.
0.875 A harrowing look at institutional cruelty.
1.0 A fierce, brilliant film that breaks (and then mends) your heart.
0.875 If Writer/Director Mullan is true to the facts, then I don't need to hear the other side of the story since its likely one with a single purpose in mind not willing to listen to anyone else.
0.79 While perhaps slightly monotonous and a bit more heavy-handed than it needed to be, it's a fine, serious film.
0.7 It's incredibly sad and difficult to watch because the suffering is relentless, but the solid performances of the young ladies make this worth watching.
0.8 Mullan has crafted a gripping yarn, full of bitter humour and ironic twists and turns.
0.5 Writer/director Peter Mullan clearly feels very strongly about this subject, but his lack of objectivity prevents the film from becoming more than just a one-sided tirade.
0.875 The film is beautifully acted by all, but Nora-Jane Noone, as the sloe-eyed orphan Bernadette, is first among equals here, and a genuine find.
0.44 All in all, a worthy, if dull effort which leaves us feeling we've been assigned to a lecture of limited inspiration.
0.8 Like Phillip Noyce's recent Rabbit-Proof Fence, which exposed similar crimes of mass containment and correction against Australia's Aboriginal people, The Magdalene Sisters is social history told with anger and an agenda.
0.75 A powerful document of cruelty and sadism.
1.0 Although there are welcome moments of humor and warmth, The Magdalene Sisters is frequently painful to watch.
0.875 Mullan triggers all your emotions -- anger, sorrow, pity, disgust, shame. And once he gets hold of you, he won't let go.
0.75 Mullan's anger, which sometimes looks like righteous indignation, is not misplaced; it is laser-targeted where it should be, toward culpable parties, however reluctant they might be to own up to the epic mistakes of the past.
0.75 Mullan's movie is undeniably heart-wrenching, but it's also overwrought, sometimes reducing what we're seeing on screen to the level of a very disturbing cartoon.
1.0 A superb film.
0.75 Angry and deliberately provocative, The Magdalene Sisters sets out to offend those who deserve it.
0.875 One of the year's most powerful films and an absolute must-see.
0.875 Offers a kind of worst-case glimpse into the draconian Magdalene Asylums that were begun in the late 19th century and lasted well into the 1990s.
1.0 Tough drama about Ireland's Catholic homes for "fallen" women is a cruel, wrenching drama with a sting of truth behind every atrocity.
0.9 Heartbreakingly bleak.
0.875 Mullan has created an emotionally real story, one that has moments of agony and desperation but ultimately, thankfully, enough triumph to make the harrowing experience of watching it endurable.
0.7 Mullen's devastating drama is a shocking expose of little-known subject.
0.625 The picture is passionate without question, but perhaps passionate to a fault.
0.875 One of the most gut-wrenching and expertly told films of the year.
0.8 There is a fundamental air of truth about it, a sense that, horrific though things seem, this is how it must have been.
1.0 [Mullan's] fictionalized screenplay brings awful realities to vivid life, reminding us that piety without compassion is meaningless.
1.0 McEwan nails the degenerate blend of humanity and hypocrisy that can coexist when people become slavemasters of moral rectitude.
0.75 The film gets to you; it's a powerhouse.
0.75 This is a worthwhile movie because it is well-made and encourages viewers to think and feel.
1.0 This extraordinary film is celluloid incendiarism, rabble-rousing cinema with a delirious, delicious edge of black comedy which I estimate to be about 90-95% intentional.
0.8 Mullan encourages uniformly strong performances from his wonderful cast in roles that must have been physically and psychologically challenging.
0.8 It's occasionally heavy-handed and emotionally manipulative, but the subject matter justifies the anger you'll feel.
0.6 This is a strong film about a shameful period in recent Church history.
0.8 A harrowing insight into a dark period of religious repression, and a personal triumph for the multi-tasking Mr Mullan.
0.8 The Magdalene Sisters more than fulfills the promise of Mr. Mullan's audacious feature film debut, Orphans.
0.8 The film is forceful, perhaps a bit too tidy, but thoroughly accessible, moving and ultimately devastating stuff.
0.4 Like many lectures on righteousness, it's also painfully dull.
0.5 We never doubt where Mullan's polemical biases lie, [but] such simplifications rob the movie of much of its dramatic effect.
0.625 That Magdalene Sisters arrives stateside with the full censure of the Vatican more or less confirms Mullan's job-well-done.
0.4 An overripe melodrama -- a time waster.
0.6 Como suspense, o filme nao desaponta. Porem, a ambiguidade moral de seus 'herois' acaba por transmitir uma mensagem oposta aquela que o filme pretende defender.
0.125 ... [Alan] Parker lures you into the theater, but then you sit down and all he has waiting for you is a whoopee cushion.
0.4 In arguing that calmly and deliberately taking a life can never be justified... it ends up arguing just the opposite. It's bad drama and worse politics.
0.3 It isn't long before we yearn to see David Gale as the poster-boy for deserved capital punishment.
0.75 I appear to be alone in my adoration of this strong film...
0.2 Dead Man Walking if written by Charlie Kaufman.
0.6 . When all is said and done, The Life of David Gale is thus only worth about $8.50 on a cheap Tuesday. .
0.75 'A pesar de las infundadas criticas en su contra, Alan Parker logra un trabajo estupendamente llevado a la pantalla al que vale mucho la pena echarle un vistazo'
0.3 Promises an intelligent debate about capital punishment but delivers a predictable thriller, directed with stunning amateurishness by Alan Parker.
0.25 An evil piece of junk that uses the death penalty as a gimmick for a dumb thriller.
0.4 Worth seeing for Spacey and Linney but you'll spend more time arguing about the finale than you will about the issue behind it.
0.3 Suffers from Parker's same overindulgence in making points at the expense of making stories.
0.5 a serviceable thriller, albeit one with some serious logic gaps and narrative loopholes
0.25 The type of preaching the choir would walk out on.
0.4 Any dialectic concerning the ethical-moral issues of execution is overridden and undermined when the Hollywood murder-mystery formula takes the front seat.
0.25 I don't like being lied to. I don't like being cheated. I don't like being manipulated by a filmmaker willing to negate his entire story for the sake of cleverness or a cheap thrill. It should come as no surprise that I didn't like 'The Life of David Gal
0.25 The difference here is that "Gale" addresses death without bringing anything new or interesting to the discussion. It is shocking when it should be insightful, time and again turning to its idiotic thriller subplot before its philosophical debate gets int
0.5 First-time screenwriter Charles Randolph has figured out a way to combine his message movie with a more generic race-against-time thriller. And while the combination provides a kind of novelty that works for a while, it ultimately falls apart.
0.2 Turns out to be not much more than a high-concept question padded out to feature length.
0.4 It's far too contrived and implausible a house of cards.
0.5 ...a mundane and manipulative crime thriller that doesn't have anything new to say...Parker doesn't know when to appropriately distribute or neutralize the tension of his toxic storyline in subtle, heartfelt strokes
0.8 It's a pleasure to watch these excellent actors politely unfold the origami tale.
0.375 It's hard to explain why "The Life of David Gale" is so bad...
0.35 It's lazy filmmaking for a lazy audience, and it's truly shameful.
0.25 The movie shoots itself not only in the foot but in the bleeding heart as well, offering a series of (mostly predictable) plot twists that undermine every point that Parker and his posse were trying to make.
0.0 Bad movies are easy to make, but as this overheated and self-defeating propaganda piece shows, it takes a genuinely talented group of people to come up with the most astonishing botch jobs.
0.8 As a thriller -- despite its implausibilities -- it's really a pretty darn good movie. Parker's signature atmosphere and his uncanny precision in editing are very much in evidence.
0.4 Director Alan Parker pitches the melodrama on high boil, and his way of dealing with all the holes in Randolph's plot is to place huge, almost defiant exclamation points around them.
0.4 It feels like too much of a sanctimonious sermon, and a sloppy one at that.
0.4 Oh those wacky liberals! What will they think of next?
0.7 The film's far from perfect, but it was entertaining, engaged me throughout and offered up a nice dose of surprise,
0.6 A by-the-numbers thriller made compelling by two complex characters wonderfully brought to life by Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney.
0.5 Kate Winslet is 'Bitsy Bloom.' If she can't save David Gale, she can always hook up with Superman.
0.75 A riveting mystery-drama filled with absorbing writing and even better acting.
0.5 It's what you'd expect, but not what you'd hope for, from a February release. And it's starting, alarmingly, to be what you'd expect from a Kevin Spacey movie.
0.125 It does for anti-death penalty activism what Battlefield earth did for Scientology.
0.6 One to add to the list of recent films not worthy of Spacey's talents.
0.25 A manipulative melodrama so intent on ramming home its political message that it runs roughshod over logic, telegraphs its plot developments and browbeats its audience.
0.5 For the most part, David Gale just feels cluttered and artificial.
0.5 By the end, it reveals itself as too pat, too absurd and -- as a polemic against capital punishment -- philosophically self- defeating.
0.75 The cast keeps rescuing the movie from a tendency to wobble off into soapy corners, and its liberal politics is handled with undogmatic skill.
0.625 The film manages the feat of preaching to both the converted and the unconverted.
0.5 A convoluted mystery that thinks it's way smarter than it is.
0.8 A well-made drama that employs the twists and turns of a thriller to generate heat around the volatile issue of capital punishment.
0.5 A movie that at first glance seems to be using the mystery/suspense genre as a lure for a serious discussion of the death penalty, but turns out to be merely exploiting capital punishment arguments for easy goosebumps.
0.25 Lazy, manipulative and misanthropic to its core, this is a prime example of Hollywood at its most sickeningly self-important.
0.4 David Gale makes the good ol' boy death penalty proponents look Neanderthal while inadvertently making their well-meaning opposition look psychotic. Who are we supposed to root for here?
0.75 The picture is neither flawless nor foolproof, but it's smart and tight enough to keep audiences off-balance and entertained for the running length.
0.6 What we have here is a badly flawed script and a melodrama about American life that may only be interesting to American movie-goers.
0.6 This is a good yarn with enough twists to satisfy even the most demanding armchair detectives who may guess a few but not likely all.
0.5 Charles Randolph has written one of the worst attempts at agitprop [Russian for theatrical propaganda] of the decade, and we've still got seven years to go.
0.375 It takes some sort of talent to make a film as completely strident, overbearing, heavy-handed and downright off-putting as The Life of David Gale, although it's not exactly clear what type of talent it requires.
0.375 The Life of David Gale demonstrates why Hollywood liberals have such an awful reputation for being humorless, overbearing and self-important.
0.2 This Kevin Spacey/Kate Winslet death row drama has pretensions of grandeur and a script that would shame Nancy Drew.
0.5 Like a comfy, handsome $12 sweater. On first wearing, it seems like a bargain. Pull just one string, and it swiftly unravels in your hands.
0.25 A snide, juvenile, plot-twisting story about capital punishment that should provoke activists truly concerned about the death penalty to rage, and guilty-pleasure seekers to lament that the movie fails even as decent trash.
0.375 ...ludicrous and less-than-suspenseful.
0.0 The two words that kept springing into my mind were not 'smart movie' but 'utter crap'
0.625 The Life of David Gale is gripping and has a good logical payoff. Director Alan Parker has done better but he could've done a lot worse here.
0.625 The very things that give the picture its entertainment value -- the suspenseful contrivances of the story -- are precisely what undermine its ostensible message.
0.0 I am sure the filmmakers believe their film is against the death penalty. I believe it supports it and hopes to discredit the opponents of the penalty as unprincipled fraudsters.
0.4 The Life of David Gale is the world's first movie with a penalty phase.
0.5 An Alan Parker potboiler in the tradition of his Angela's Ashes and Come See the Paradise -- more concerned with quickening our pulses than broadening our minds.
0.8 Kevin Spacey and Laura Linney turn in fine performances.
0.3 The film is a polemic against the death penalty, which may be a reasonable position, but played out as a mystery/thriller it's silly, and often embarrassing.
0.25 So nasty, hysterical and long-winded -- and unintentionally makes capital punishment foes look so twisted -- you wish someone had administered a lethal injection to this dreck in its planning stages.
0.625 Suspenseful but overworked death penalty thriller.
0.5 Its heart is in the right place, for sure, but its script needs to be in a rewrite place.
0.25 Almost unbearably sanctimonious -- not to mention preposterous.
0.5 It's fine, even admirable, to make movies with a definite point of view but not if heavy-handed opinion overwhelms the entertainment.
0.5 Instead of mounting a fierce argument against socially sanctioned killing, Parker gives the other side ammunition and allows those predisposed to executions to exit feeling smug and reassured in their beliefs.
0.5 Parker uses the same overbearing touch in David Gale that he did in Angela's Ashes and Mississippi Burning.
0.4 A thriller whose serious underpinnings are undermined by clunky plot mechanics and obtrusive stylistic flourishes.
0.5 Teeters between compelling political commentary and sanctimonious claptrap like a drunk humanities professor chatting up a student at a faculty party.
0.3 David Gale may be the first liberal-leaning movie that could be brought up on assault charges since its director, Alan Parker, made Midnight Express.
0.4 Parker's tendency to smash through stories ends up being brutal on Spacey and Winslet.
0.5 Fails both as advocacy and entertainment.
0.7 While it won't win any awards, it's mildly clever and entertaining...even while being a bit annoying. Wait to rent it.
0.4 Spacey's typically solid acting cancels out Winslet's overwrought airhead character.
0.6 As the mystery unravels, the movie builds to such a ludicrous crescendo, you'll wish Keyser Soze did it.
0.25 If the film heaps contempt upon the death penalty, it heaps even more contempt upon those who oppose it.
0.4 An obvious and smug sermon on the death penalty.
0.5 The Life of David Gale acts as its own executioner, injecting the very first scene with a lethal cliche from which the film never recovers.
0.625 This is a movie that rivets the attention and stirs our emotions before collapsing into wild, unconvincing melodrama.
0.6 Spacey has exactly the right amount of understated earnestness to make this death row drama effective.
0.5 Tries to give you two films for the price of one. Unfortunately, it does neither very well.
0.75 Glitzy, yes, challenging credibility, maybe, but nonetheless a clever thriller emerges from a political diatribe.
0.4 Our audience was howling in laughter at Winslet's over-emotional histrionics, and by the end, so was I.
0.0 Politicism is charted on a circle, and the extremes of both ends tend to meet at the bottom.
0.25 Somewhere between thriller and propaganda.
0.75 A perfect film for a February opening, a time when viewers are less critical and happy to kick back and enjoy an old fashioned mystery/thriller.
0.25 Alan Parker's turgid, bleeding-heart The Life of David Gale may just shame good liberals straight into the Republican Party.
0.7 A cult film that deserves its reputation.
0.8 The Warriors Rule! One of the best action-thrillers of the 70s!
0.875 Yeah, it's really good.
0.7 The only trouble is that I half expected them to break out into song and dance any minute a la West Side Story.
0.75 OK, it's not Greek tragedy, but it is based (loosely) on Xenophon, so there.
1.0 Visually stunning and emotionally gripping, THE WARRIORS is a classic that, after a quarter-century, has finally recieved the loving finishing touches that it so rightly deserves
0.8 See it once, and you'll want to see it again.
0.875 Just what is the fanboys' beef with the new DVD "Director's Cut" of The Warriors, anyway?
0.6 Once-notorious gang movie, now a delightfully retro experience
0.6 A campy treat for anyone who wants to "come out and play-ay!"
0.8 An action movie of great style and energy
0.2 A bad joke shoddily disguised as a gritty urban thriller. Didn't any of these guys have subway tokens?
1.0 One of the great cult films of all time.
0.625 a shameless, but entertaining, ode to the appeal of criminality and gangland camaraderie
0.77 A pleasure to watch, even if only to laugh at the memorable costumes and lines. Can you dig it?
0.9 Part of a forger's craft involves not simply duplicating the images but replicating the strokes to be found in the original. Tornatore's film makes deft use of cinematic cliche to lead viewers astray.
0.6 In The Best Offer, director/writer Giuseppe Tornatore feasts at the Hitchcock table.
0.625 An uneven but weirdly mesmerizing drama/thriller, Giuseppe Tornatore's "The Best Offer" offers an acting showcase to Geoffrey Rush.
0.625 Italian writer-director Giuseppe Tornatore... designs beautiful sets around Virgil, who holds the screen in nearly every shot.
0.5 The clues and themes laid out early on in The Best Offer, which evolve into heavy handedness in their own right, also lay unencumbered paths for obvious twists to come in this limp arthouse thriller.
0.7 A sleek art-world caper.
0.7 What a nice way to start 2014, with this intricate, multi-layered tale of mystery, deceit, and delicate anxiety...
0.375 Isn't there a more interesting way to handle an imprisoned princess than this tired cliche?
0.625 An intriguingly Hitchcockian premise gradually takes on a preposterous air in the art-world noir "The Best Offer."
0.4 None of it comes together in any satisfying way, unfortunately, because Tornatore telegraphs every revelation with head-slapping amateurishness.
0.55 A beautiful film marred by a weak script that tries to dive headlong down the Hitchcock rabbit hole without offering any of the tension or suspense that might have made it a worthwhile journey.
0.25 It ascribes to the falsehood that a rarefied milieu inherently infuses a film with intelligence, as if inept execution can be covered up by pretty lensing.
0.8 Clearly at a phase in his career where he can do no wrong, Geoffrey Rush is the aloof, germaphobic, magnetic core of a beguiling tale about fine art, art auctions, fake paintings, antique automatons and wealthy urban hermits. Great stuff.
0.8 The very things that make The Best Offer such a sublime delight are also the same things that would cripple its narrative if closely scrutinised.
0.8 The cinematic equivalent of quicksand. By the time you realise something is awry you'll already be in far too deep
1.0 THE BEST OFFER is a cinematic palimpsest in the vein of Hitchcock's VERTIGO. Perfectly crafted performances, inescapable choral echoes of Morricone's wondrous score, the perfect forgery awaits, and begs to be revisited again and again.
0.4 Fine actors as Rush, Sturgess and Hoeks are, almost everything they say remains dead on the page.
0.9 The film offers a heartbreaking drama told in reverse chronology and spanning twenty years in both the life of the main character and the political history of Korea.
1.0 It's a story about the original sin of a nation as well as one character. There has rarely been a better film made, ever
1.0 Needless to say a must-see for Wongcolytes, Days of Being Wild is also an excellent entry point for people who haven't yet caught this most exotic and habit-forming of cinematic bugs.
1.0 Every shot is perfectly composed and compelling, with light and shadow manipulated to maximum effect.
0.625 It now seems like a promising apprentice work, almost a blueprint for the writer-director's most acclaimed and famous film, In the Mood for Love.
1.0 There are images in Days that can make your heart stop for no other reason than that they're perfect.
1.0 A triumph of movie pop poetics.
0.8 A heady mix of sex, obsession, alienation and angst.
0.375 Wong creates a dream state of shifting, stalling, liquid time, a kind of gauzy unreality that made In the Mood for Love so seductive.
1.0 A rapturous film about cool men, hot women and the thousand and one nights and cigarettes they share.
1.0 It's inexplicable that Wong's early masterpiece has been virtually absent from American screens since he completed it in 1991.
0.75 Raw and jagged, only hinting at the greatness that would come. But even imperfect Wong Kar-Wai is better than the best of most.
0.4 A plotless gangster story is a nearly impossible paradox to pull off, however intelligent the underpinnings of the film.
0.8 [A] brilliant examination of one-way love and crashed relationships.
0.875 It goes to show that "average" Wong Kar-Wai is better than just about anyone else on a good day.
0.8 Wong is a born cinema virtuoso who can elicit genuine emotions while expressing them amid an atmosphere of the most sweeping romanticism.
0.49 Several horror scenes, notably those not involving Dracula himself, are genuinely creepy.
0.6 This is sort of a Saturday Night Fever version of the story with a stylish, afro'ed Langella walking around with an open shirt looking for girls to take to his Castle Disco.
0.8 Granted, it's staged and composed like Masterpiece Theatre.
0.875 The casting is right on target and the atmosphere fittingly eerie in director John Badham's suspenseful, handsomely-mounted 1979 version.
0.4 Nice production values, but that's about it
0.5 Just doesn't fly.
0.75 ...[writer/director Matt] Kurtz has a keen ear for unforced, natural-sounding dialogue.
0.75 That rare small story set in a big time (not unlike Malick's Days of Heaven), poetic both in Khasanbek Kydyraliev's cinematography and in Pavel Finn's script.
0.7 Charming story of finding love and humanity emerges among a motley crew not frequently seen in films about the Soviet Union under Stalin in Kazakhstan.
0.8 Immersed in the alien beauty of the Kazakh steppe, "The Gift to Stalin" moves slowly but engages thoroughly.
0.5 It's worth seeing if only as an antidote to the simplistic vision of Kazakhstan presented by Sasha Baron Cohen's Borat.
0.75 First-time filmmaker Jeffrey M. Togman's documentary examines a complex issue -- the apparent intractability of poverty -- through the revealingly narrow perspective of one woman's efforts to improve her family's lot through homeownership.
1.0 Jeffrey Togman earns high marks here for his directorial debut, a socially-significant documentary which discusses an array of taboos concerning color, class and the ever-elusive American Dream.
0.75 Far from being stereotypes, these are real, complicated people.
0.8 Two women reach out to each other from opposite sides of the socioeconomic divide in Jeffrey M. Togman's marvelously revealing documentary about the psychology of poverty.
0.625 With minimal hysteria, the film illuminates both the emotional deprivation ghetto life can perpetuate and the legit forces of good out to ease that pain.
0.75 The layers unravel to reveal deeper, genuine, and believable heart--which for all the violence, anger, and darkness depicted is Hodges' boldest, bravest accomplishment of all.
0.6 If not for the warmth and likability of its characters and those playing them, The Lucky Ones would be a tiresome formula picture.
0.375 It feels like the writers were trying for dialogue that sounded natural and improvisational. Instead, it feels scripted and rehearsed. It's all phony balony!
0.7 Ultimately I was left without any clear notion as to what was being said through the film and why.
0.5 In this interview, The Lucky Ones director Neil Burger speaks about understanding the modern soldier, his surprising casting choice of anti-war activist Tim Robbins as a veteran and why he relates the story while the Iraq conflict continues.
0.6 War/road trip dramedy is cliched but affecting.
0.75 The direction is functional, workmanlike; Burger never steals the spotlight from his characters.
0.4 The biggest disappointment is in this script, written by Dirk Wittenborn and Neil Burger who gave us the delightful Illusionistin 2006.
0.78 ... reductive and unfunny ... think Coming Home crossed with Vegas Vacation minus Cousin Eddie ...
0.625 ...benefits substantially from the strength and charisma of its three leads...
0.5 Based on the evidence here, director/co-writer Neil Burger may be the last American who's ambivalent about the Iraq War, and his movie suffers for it.
0.75 While their circumstances may be forced, the three characters feel like real, complex, likable people. That's a real rarity in a film about veterans, no matter what the ideology is.
0.625 This is not the worst of the Iraq-themed movies of the past few years, and it's possibly the best acted of any of them. But you wish the bonding of these three people wasn't diluted by the trite scenarios and artificial circumstances of their saga.
0.625 The dialogue is often sharp and funny and the performances nicely pitched.
0.5 As they hit the road, the scenes play out like TV sitcom vignettes with little holding the centre together. We find out details about the characters lives, but never feel we know them.
0.25 Each secret is more implausible than the last.
0.625 McAdams and Pena are affectingly vulnerable, while Robbins convinces as a family man with strong paternal instincts.
0.5 The Lucky Ones has plenty of heart and courage. If it only had a brain ...
0.5 It gets so preoccupied with all the local color and colorful locals, that it forgets about the people on this journey -- or their ultimate destination.
0.25 Cheap, ignorant, tone-deaf and condescending.
0.625 Its lack of emotional thrust doesn't inspire the viewer to feel one way or another.
0.8 Director and co-writer Neil Burger's drama uses the war as a springboard to tell a darkly funny, and sometimes profoundly moving, story of the men and women who are the warriors.
0.5 It's all merely unbelievable.
0.5 The chemistry between the three soldiers is strong, but their journey rings hollow.
0.5 The story (by director Burger and Dirk Wittenborn) contains too many coincidences and convergences to wholly ring true.
0.75 What gives these episodes cumulative impact is the group portrait that emerges of a well-meaning country in a state of drift.
0.6 With a smooth, light touch, The Lucky Ones focuses on the idea that the present and the people who factor into it are all we really have.
0.2 Three Army soldiers on the road in America bond together through a series of preposterous happenings that come across as silly.
0.75 Of its genre, it's uncommonly good, and it's also the cheeriest movie about Iraq war vets I've yet seen.
0.625 After running through some pretty contrived paces for much of its running time, The Lucky Ones has some surprises in the last act that ultimately make it more satisfying than it might have been.
0.0 With one head-gnawing plot contrivance after another, it may think it's the wacky Iraq version of Easy Rider but is more like this year's Around the Bend or Diamonds.
0.2 From start to finish, there is not one single scene on display here that contains even a smidgen of reality.
0.5 Moments of real trauma are interrupted with sitcom wackiness, all of it connected by a terribly hokey musical score.
0.5 A road movie with no purpose, and a war drama with no bite.
0.2 The actual lucky ones will be sitting in a different movie theater, watching anything but this.
0.5 In the same way much conventional wisdom about the war is half-baked, The Lucky Ones is awash in stereotypes and generalities.
0.55 Director Neil Burger keeps things light, and the actors are more than engaging. ... But there's something centrally pat and predictable about the coincidence-laden story.
0.75 If a couple of the plot devices seem contrived, The Lucky Ones makes up for them with sharp, heartfelt performances, and a deceptively easygoing narrative style.
0.625 A thoughtful study on the way foreign wars can reverberate here at home.
0.75 This formula is fraught with pitfalls, but the characters and the actors redeem it with a surprising emotional impact.
0.5 If The Lucky Ones wants to seem like anything more than war vets thrust into a sitcom, it should try going five minutes without a contrivance.
0.5 The Lucky Ones takes a decent premise -- three soldiers returning from Iraq facing domestic challenges upon their arrival home -- and crams so much forced drama into it that the movie devolves into a hack buddy picture.
0.4 It's something of a well-intentioned mess.
0.75 A refreshing departure from the normal 'soldier's story' movies we've seen in recent years.
0.625 It isn't unpleasant to spend two hours with these three soldiers, although it might have been more enjoyable to spend the time getting to know them rather than force-feeding them artificial road bumps.
0.25 Sometimes, however, empty, contrived fantasies are just empty, contrived fantasies, as is certainly the case with this embarrassingly phony cross between Grace Is Gone, Home of the Brave and, believe it or not, Twister.
0.6 The drama's one glaring weakness is that its contrivances are far too obvious...Despite that, the unexpectedly light, sometimes humorous story is still enormously affecting.
0.72 Endowed with remarkable performances, superb photography, and a clear vision of what matters to its characters, Personal Best is an underappreciated gem in a genre full of filler.
0.6 There's no questioning its authenticity.... However, the movie tends to make its points early and then repeat itself unnecessarily.
1.0 This is a very physical movie, one of the healthiest and sweatiest celebrations of physical exertion I can remember.
0.5 Unless you're fascinated by all of the prettified slow-motion footage of Chris, Tory and the other women athletes, your eye is likely to wander to your watch long before the end.
0.7 Hemingway excels in a difficult and risky role.
1.0 One of the best movies ever about competition, with wonderfully natural performances.
0.6 A frank, honest portrayal of the sacrifices of Olympic-caliber athletes. it is tough and uncompromising.
0.4 Compelling idea, but slow, boring execution.
0.4 When people say, "Write what you know," they don't mean, "Write about YOU YOU YOU!"
0.75 [Director] Marker may be windy, but he also enjoys the wisdom that comes with age. His masterful command of the camera shows that he can lecture and entertain at the same time.
0.875 The Case of the Grinning Cat is further evidence of Chris Marker's exhilarating wit. His hour-long cinema essay offers a snapshot of France that's been realized in Marker's daydreamy developer fluid.
0.6 vive le chat!
0.9 In The Case of the Grinning Cat, the filmmaker Chris Marker fluidly moves over and under Paris, capturing images of fugitive beauty and pathos.
0.75 Leave it to Chris Marker, the 85-year-old French documentarian and cineaste hero, to take an unexceptional event and turn it into an exceptional film.
0.875 Modestly eschewing declarative organization, Marker's interest in and presentation of information is strictly pointillist.
0.75 Marker -- something of a cine-sage known for his essay-style documentaries -- playfully decodes this unofficial icon of French street culture.
0.6 A bright, intelligent souffle of a film that is both engaged and engaging, and which, like the best French confections, continually rises.
0.6 A playful look at romantic dalliances by an inventive Argentinian writer and director.
0.875 The distinctiveness of Matias Pineiro's alluring brand of formalism lies in this deference to chance and alchemy.
0.75 One of the earliest elegies to the dying of the West.
0.4 O roteiro (vencedor do Oscar, acredite ou nao) e cheio de cliches; e o final, esquematico. Katy Jurado foi indicada ao premio aparentemente por dizer 'My hOsband' o tempo todo.
0.6 Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
0.6 The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version. It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
0.6 It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
0.8 Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world. Except me. Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
0.6 It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
0.8 Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
0.6 Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never dips below a certain baseline of handsome competence, making a great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a rugged frame for the action.
0.6 There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
0.6 This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
0.8 This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour. Unexpectedly brilliant.
0.8 The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
0.6 Not as redundant as it sounds ...
0.8 This four-hour opus about the fury of love and the love of fury is ritually fascinating, often excessive and, with a caution the film wields like a blade, achingly poignant.
0.875 The more you can let this amazing, unbelievable film overwhelm you, the better.
0.8 Exhibiting astonishing dexterity, Mr. Sono shapes all this trauma into a narrative that's completely coherent and surprisingly touching, never more so than in Yu's struggle toward sexual maturity.
1.0 As the old cliche goes, you will not have another moviegoing experience quite like this one all year.
0.875 Love Exposure is, in a sense, Shion Sono's equivalent of the Great Russian novel.
0.6 Love Exposure plays like a marathon greatest-hits-and-misses mixtape. If you see only one Sono film, check out this flick; you will have then seen them all.
0.8 Would the film be easier to take in a more condensed form? Of course it would, but then it wouldn't be the singularly overwhelming oddity that it is.
0.4 It's different, but it's exhausting. Without ever being funny, it keeps up a strident, cartoonish tone for all of its four hours.
0.8 A colourful four-hour rom-com that feels both small and intimate. And it's never dull for a second.
0.8 Complicated and long but deftly handled adventure/caper/satire that ends up being thoroughly entertaining.
0.8 A swooning, often riotously funny melodrama charged with a refreshingly perverse undertow.
0.8 Ambitious, inventive and endlessly arresting, Sion Sono's epic romance is a vibrant rite of passage, guiding us through a world of repression, hypocrisy and delusion towards true love.
0.6 Curious and tasteless, but never dull.
0.6 Deeply strange and politically incorrect, baffling, and often funny.
0.8 It's as mad as a box of frogs, but a strain of melancholy romance adds emotional backbone to the gags, gore and kung fu.
0.8 A graphic mixture of violence, heartache, sex and kung fu, Love Exposure is not for all tastes but there are wonderful moments.
1.0 Audacious, emotionally engaging and laugh-out-loud funny, Love Exposure is one of the best films of the year, thanks to Sono Sion's masterful direction, a superb script and a trio of terrific performances.
0.6 This is a slick, fast-paced film that maintains its sometimes unbearable tension until the last roll of the dice.
0.5 In what amounts only to an intermittently intriguing movie experience, a tug of war is going on between the compelling and the confounding.
0.5 Director Rupert Wyatt pulls no punches in vividly portraying the moral gutter gambling addicts can find themselves in, and Mark Wahlberg's boyish face reflects the desperation that keeps him from wising up.
0.8 The Gambler is about the lure to triumph over potential disaster and finding a way to "treat those two imposters the same."
0.4 Despite stylish direction by Rupert Wyatt, who pulls off a few arresting set pieces, The Gambler never manages to make sense of William Monahan's often laughably overripe screenplay.
0.6 The Gambler feels academic and slightly out of time.
0.4 This is a misconceived and strangely cast affair that can't work out its own attitude toward its main character.
0.8 Mark Wahlberg is always a physically articulate actor; here he wrings despair and disillusionment from every beaten-down gesture, every curt exchange.
0.4 The Gambler ... has become an advert for gambling. You couldn't make it up.
0.6 Swaggering and dialogue-heavy, The Gambler certainly talks the talk, but ultimately it lacks the courage of its convictions.
0.4 When the randomly appearing lip balm on the main protagonist's lips becomes a source of distraction, you know you're not hooked.
0.4 Mark Wahlberg's designer-suited performance is shallow and self-admiring ... and William Monahan (who wrote The Departed) devises a new narrative direction which is contrived and preposterous.
0.5 With a strangely simplistic screenplay by William Monahan (The Departed), director Rupert Wyatt and his cast struggle to dig beneath the surface in a meaningful way.
0.6 A rare grown up thriller, full of interesting bits and a strong turn from Wahlberg. But as a whole Wyatt's film doesn't grip as it might.
0.4 Hate the players, not the game.
0.625 Chockablock with interesting performances (Jessica Lange is the professor's wealthy mother, John Goodman is a Jabba-like loan shark) and silly self-indulgences (slow-motion pole-dancers gyrate to Dinah Washington's recording of 'This Bitter Earth').
0.6 With dialogue as acidic as this delivered by actors like these, The Gambler somehow transcends its pomposity to be really quite fun.
0.4 It's hard to know what to make of Mark Wahlberg's character in The Gambler - but at least that puts you on an equal footing with Wahlberg himself.
0.4 Wahlberg can deliver a soliloquy on life as a game of chance with rat-a-tat rhythm, but he walks and talks like he's too cool for school, never properly conveying the deep well of angst that he keeps banging on about.
0.6 Monahan's script is far too wordy for its own good and the uneven score (by two composers) seems to be taken over by a Michael Nyman fan at all of the wrong moments.
0.6 Wahlberg finds his most interesting role since The Departed in a film that's heavy on atmosphere and suspense but shy of a full deck when it comes to characterisation.
0.6 The movie has the sheen but lacks the sweat of James Toback's original riff on Dostoevsky's autobiographical story.
0.8 The Gambler is a remake that effectively updates a subtle yet nihilistic story; Wyatt and Monahan stick to their mean-spirited guns and offer up a sour view of addiction and the havoc it wreaks.
0.4 The script is painfully overwritten whenever we want action and woefully underwritten when we need explanation.
0.6 An impeccably constructed genre picture. It doesn't have a whole lot to say, but it's entertaining
0.75 Mark Wahlberg is a sure bet in "The Gambler," an update of a James Caan movie.
0.85 It's better than it has to be, and director Rupert Wyatt ...handles the story with economy and intelligence.
0.6 While [Wahlberg is] no James Caan, he's certainly able to infuse this mesmerizing character study with enough rancid brio to make this self-flagellating hustler believably doomstruck.
0.7 2014's slickest bender, The Gambler provides enough pleasure in its visceral storytelling.
0.5 The hopeful ending comes off as too little, too late. Wahlberg gives the role his all, but sticking with him is a futile gesture. The Gambler never pays off. It's a sucker's bet.
0.4 You can't win with a weak hand.
0.75 A richly realized exercise in style, in which an action director ("Rise of the Planet of the Apes'&#8201;" Rupert Wyatt) and an action star (Mark "I think we got a Trans-foamah" Wahlberg) dive deep into a '70s noir classic and come up aces.
1.05 Original and atypical "The Gambler," though intriguing, is ultimately less than satisfying.
0.4 A bad remake of a bad 1974 movie.
0.6 In a way, it's more alluring and less profound than the original, but enough of a cautionary tale that it's still worth a look.
0.7 It's not quite a holiday movie, but a powerful performance by Wahlberg makes it worth seeing.
0.625 A movie that displays a winning hand for much of its length should never turn up snake eyes at the end.
0.375 It's just like the Kenny Rogers song says: "You've got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em." It's time for this "Gambler" to walk away.
0.4 The return is as miniscule as the stakes.
0.625 If someone is really that intent on self-destruction, why should we be his audience?
0.4 The Gambler is pretty much a misfire of concept - even if it makes the admirable move of going for a different thematic angle on the original material.
0.5 "The Gambler" should have been called "Three Supporting Characters in Search of a Lead."
0.5 A dull, self-consciously arty wallow in the messed-up life of a character we don't care about.
0.625 A remake of the 1974 film that starred James Caan, Rupert Wyatt's new movie is never short on style, but it lacks some of the grit of the original.
0.625 This certainly is one driven narrative. Wahlberg reportedly lost 60 lbs. for the role, and his gaunt look makes Jim seem all the more haunted as he repeatedly throws away vast sums on games of chance.
0.625 In a role that would have been ideal for Tom Cruise in psycho mode, Wahlberg is merely OK. Unfortunately, the film's effectiveness turns on whether we buy into his angst.
0.5 The character as written is so pretentious and self-destructive that it's difficult for the audience to connect with his story.
0.75 The Gambler is a solid remake - a film that retraces the path of the original while carving out its own identity.
0.75 It is easy ... to observe this character with a certain degree of fascination. It's enough.
0.625 A string of powerful performances, particularly Wahlberg's, and a killer soundtrack - including M83, Dinah Washington and St. Paul & the Broken Bones - redeem a middling entertainment gambit.
0.75 The extent to which The Gambler may intentionally or unintentionally glamorize or romanticize gambling does raise concerns, but...[the film] remains a study in the self-destructive personality.
0.6 The Gambler doesn't dig far below the surface of Jim's addiction, but there's still entertainment value in watching a man go down in flames.
0.875 A remarkably entertaining drama that's also, at times, a deep pit of sadness.
0.5 Like Jim, the movie is all swagger and no follow-through.
0.75 The Gambler is about the torturous dissatisfaction some people feel when they've managed to do everything right but still don't feel fulfilled
0.75 This remake of the 1974 James Caan film written by James Toback ... crackles with mordant cynicism.
0.375 The Gambler is a hollow, overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a '70s drama about a self-destructive academic.
0.5 Low on action and tension, long on grand speeches. Wahlberg gets an A for effort in an unlikely role.
0.5 Slick but slight, The Gambler is an unnecessary remake of a well-regarded 1974 film.
0.375 Watching a hostile pessimist purposefully sabotaging his own good fortune just isn't as fun as it sounds.
0.5 The bulk of the movie simply doesn't live up to the promise of its great opening sequence.
0.4 Its central flaw of having an unwatchable protagonist is simply too massive to ignore, and sours everything that comes as an extension of it.
0.7 At the risk of overselling what is a good but not great movie, The Gambler is a slick, stylish thriller about gambling, self-destruction and personal redemption.
0.6 Mark Wahlberg, William Monahan and Rupert Wyatt are all working at the same level of comic intensity, and the thrill of the ride with them is enough to distract from some conceptual sloppiness.
0.5 This remake is just a watered-down version that hits all of the same beats as the original, only judges its nominal hero far less harshly, and emerges an oddly amoral film with an ending that borders on being ludicrous
0.9 Avoids the typical bombast of the normal crime thriller, instead focusing its efforts at being a densely-scripted character study.
0.6 Wyatt's showy direction gets in the way of the story more often than it should, but Wahlberg and a solid supporting cast will keep you invested in the outcome.
0.6 Whether Wahlberg's been miscast or misdirected, we never buy him as a desperate addict. Still, the movie is so quick and cool that for much of the time, we barely notice how little is actually at stake.
0.625 The ending may be a total cop-out, but Wahlberg never embarrasses himself.
0.5 It suffers from a bloodless unwillingness to put too much on the line, made corporeal in the editing, with music-slathered time lapse standing in for Bennett's adrenaline-fueled epiphany during a roulette binge in Reno.
0.7 The Gambler is a consistently entertaining game of chicken Jim plays with his life.
0.7 Too bad the main storyline of The Gambler is so obvious. With a little more finesse we'd have a great film instead of a very good one.
0.5 The Gambler had all the right ingredients... but it's a disappointing misfire that fails to capitalize on its intriguing premise.
0.6 Mark Wahlberg puts forth one of his better efforts in The Gambler, a character study that's more "Hollywood" than "deeply reflective."
0.75 The Gambler asks us why we root for a hero, just because he's the protagonist. I'm not talking about an unlikeable hero or an antihero, but one with whom it is actually foolish for us to identify at all.
0.2 Our anti-hero has a gambling addiction. He is depressed. He is trapped. And the arc of the movie is about him trying to ditch his unhappy life and pull it out. Snore.
0.6 Certainly Julia Roberts' strangest role, and she does an OK job.
0.375 [Roberts's] acting is of the Melrose Place/Andrew Shue variety, her eyes blank and mouth often agape (not unlike the photo of her used in the print ads).
0.2 If nothing else, proves that when you take Julia's lipstick away, much of her appeal goes, too.
0.8 Julia Roberts' performance was justly mocked, but the remainder of the film may be the most faithful version of Jekyll and Hyde ever made.
0.5 Dreary, stagy and dull.
0.5 The film is too mannered, too stuffy.
0.4 Is it a gothic horror? Is it a psychological thriller? Is it a love story? Ultimately, it seems the filmmakers don't even know the answer, and as a result Mary Reilly doesn't succeed in any genre.
0.8 Um filme intrigante.
0.66 Who would have thought that a movie directed by the talented Stephen Frears and featuring capable acting by John Malkovich and a decidedly un-perky and un-made-up Julia Roberts would fall off the tracks and fail?
0.2 Sluggish and interminable, Mary Reilly makes good on little of its potential to be disturbing and none of its chance to be emotionally involving.
0.25 With the exception of a couple of inspired moments, Mary Reilly is merely a curious variation of an often-told story.
0.5 A perversely courageous disaster that audiences will simply hate.
0.75 Mary Reilly works as Gothic melodrama because it understands the genre so well.
0.625 Those expecting a traditional horror film may be disappointed. However, for those with an open mind, and a taste for the eerie, Mary Reilly may well be one to watch.
0.8 Mary Reilly will undoubtedly leave many people cold, but I snuggled into its bleakness.
0.4 As a study of repression, Mary Reilly has some great moments, but it seems director Stephen Frears was aiming for intense and brooding, and boring is what he got.
0.125 My distaste for the movie comes not from disliking these scenes, but from being put to sleep by the boredom of the show.
0.5 Unfortunately, your response to the bizarre story of terror and lust that dare not speak their name is pretty well limited to Roberts' response -- which is, in turn, limited by her technique.
0.4 It's a slight, moribund bugaboo, a bump in the night, and then nothing.
0.0 Mary Reilly is Roberts' worst misfire to date, despite the fact that on paper it must have looked awfully good.
0.875 Mary Reilly is haunting, not only because of its foggy, shadowy settings, but because of the questions it encourages us to ask about ourselves and others.
0.625 Taylor's palpably meandering sensibilities are exacerbated by an almost comically overlong running time...
0.8 A great story and a wonderful cast combine to make this drama a must-see.
0.9 Outstanding performances and a delicate approach to racial tensions make this film a cut above other inspirational period dramas.
0.6 La pelicula realmente triunfa en la exploracion de la complicidad y solidaridad que se establece entre mujeres solas, quebradas, necesitadas de oportunidades e inconformes con los moldes sociales preestablecidos.
0.7 I found it surprisingly enjoyable. And I suppose that's the greatest compliment I could give the film: I didn't hate it, even if I was dreading it going in.
0.9 A quiet but powerful film that really does have Oscar written all over it.
0.875 Brimming with believable, likeable women characters and set against the turbulence of Mississippi in the 1960s, 'The Help' is almost as good as Kathryn Stockett's novel.
0.8 "The Help" is refreshing and possibly the best film of the year.
0.6 To "the help," the possibility of the children growing up as clones of their parents isn't a consideration. It's all about loving the innocent. But, it's a dilemma.
0.6 This is a generally family-friendly affair which isn't interested in getting its hands too dirty.
0.6 As hard to dislike as it is to truly admire, this artfully manipulative issue movie knows where its strengths lie... and most of them lie in Viola Davis.
1.0 This coming of age tale is deeply affecting, magnificently acted and truly enlightening ... are truly inspirational women who are an absolute joy to spend time with.
0.8 I was disappointed at the end to realize the picture was fiction not fact but perhaps that's a tribute to the authenticity writer-director Tate Taylor achieves in this beautifully realized picture.
0.6 The running time of 146 minutes takes too much wind out of Aibileen's sails, but her tear-jerking dignity in the denouement is marvellous to behold.
0.6 There are some magnificent elements here... The downside is the mawkishness and the rambling narrative structure.
0.6 It tackles a challenging, inflammatory subject in the corniest, safest way possible.
0.6 In dramatic terms it works a treat.
0.2 Suffers from an obsequious lust for stereotypes.
0.6 Terrifically performed, with enough humour and heart that you'll ignore its flaws.
0.8 The Help not only has its cake and eats it, it makes short work of the fried chicken, grits and sweet potato pie, too.
0.6 It manages to be poignant at times, though it's not as emotionally connecting as it could be.
0.8 Well made, superbly written and emotionally engaging feel-good drama that's destined for Oscar glory in some form or another thanks to across-the-board terrific performances from a wonderful ensemble cast.
0.4 A guaranteed tear-jerker that serves as a decent reminder of America's very own Apartheid, it's fine as a slice of history. As a story though, it's sadly underwhelming.
0.7 If you are willing to accept that this is an exploratory snapshot that seeks to confine itself to the times it is portraying and leave any consideration of modern-day echoes to the conscience of the viewer, this is a good story, well told.
0.8 Yes, it gets a bit sentimental. Yes, some 'Ya-Ya Sisterhood' friendship cliches creep in. Yes, it glosses history. But it's also heartfelt, hilarious and the cast is a dream-team topped by Viola Davis.
0.6 Sure, it's corny, but it mostly works.
0.4 The whole thing's about as subtle as a size 11 in the ear and leaves you with no real idea about who these characters really are.
1.0 Part conscience-searing history lesson, part shamelessly manipulative melodrama, Tate Taylor's adaptation sinks its teeth in early and never lets go ... Do I hear Oscar calling?
0.8 It's a feel-good, revenge-seeking satire, the kind that makes you want to shout 'go girl!' from the cinema aisle.
0.8 A robust piece of storytelling, a fountain of fiercely good, fem-centric ensemble acting, and a refreshing change of pace from raunchy romantic comedies and bulked-up superheroes.
0.75 A Civil Rights drama that artfully dramatizes the love for one's enemy espoused by Martin Luther King.
0.5 A chore to sit through. At 146 minutes long, there is absolutely no excusing the running time... a panoply of lazy bromides.
0.8 if you get to the end of this movie without tearing up at least once, please check for a pulse; you might already be dead.
0.7 The acting, period detail and luminous cinematography make up for some of the over-sentimentalised moments.
0.7 Superbly cast and effectively scripted, The Help has been designed to forge a direct connection with the viewer on an emotional level.
0.75 The Help's greatest strength lies in showing how the truth-no matter how difficult it is to tell at times-has the power to unite, to heal, and sometimes even to set us free.
0.8 One of the best films of the year.
0.6 The interesting setting and solid themes, all brought to life with warm visuals and top-notch cast, elevate this above its flat parts and the occasional feeling you're watching a sub-par TV series.
0.6 It irks me when a film deals with issues that are actually important in an unsubtle and sentimenalised way.
0.7 We shake our heads, tut, and sympathise with the diversity-loving Skeeter. How much better a film would this have been if we were forced - yes, even unwillingly - to see a bit of ourselves in Hilly?
0.6 A cloying racial melodrama that pulls its punches.
0.9 Tate Taylor's film isn't heavy on preaching, nor is it overloaded with saccharine sentiment. Rather, it has a real bite to it.
0.75 largely succeeds in finding good ol' fashioned entertainment value heavily laced with social uplift
0.8 After a very ordinary start, 'The Help' genuinely surprises with amazing performances from Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain.
0.5 It's camp for people who want to feel like they're seeing something educational and uplifting between the guffaws.
0.7 Wonderful performances by all, but especially Emma Stone and Bryce Dallas Howard, overcome a clumsy, heavy handed script that lacks ingenuity.
0.75 There are moments when the film leans on traditional stereotypes, but what redeems it is the ability to expand those stereotypes into more complicated and layered portrayals.
0.8 A strongly issue-based story gives a terrific cast plenty to play with in this hugely engaging drama about the American South in the 1960s. And while the film kind of skims the surface, it's a story that still needs to be told.
0.8 Tries to stuff too much into a single movie, but it's good, solid mainstream moviemaking -- and that's not such a bad thing.
0.75 Viola Davis is truly the beating heart and bleeding soul of the film, and without her Tate Taylor's film would hardly leave the audience with the rather startling and haunting impact it does at its conclusion.
1.0 A Southern gothic comedy-drama with wickedly observed performances and a story arc that feels absolutely epic, despite the modest, domestic setting.
0.7 A well acted but soft pedaled view of the South in the 60's.
1.0 has its own revolutionary atmosphere, refusing to divide the world into, pardon the expression, black and white. Without intricacies of the relationships, without the emotional stakes that those intricacies represent, the film would fail monumentally
0.8 Simplistic at times, and flirts with manipulation, but it's also a deeply touching and well-acted film.
0.5 Too many good intentions, too many sub-plots, too many histrionics.
0.875 Despite a few stray moments that ring false, this is an intellectually engaging, emotionally satisfying drama.
0.75 Many of the conflicts play out as expected, and Bryce Dallas Howard's racist housewife proves to be about as subtle as Cruella De Vil. But interesting subplots abound -- I particularly liked the relationship between Minny and her insecure employer Celia.
1.0 There are not enough superlatives to describe the best ensemble acting of the year. The cinematography, costumes, interior designs & musical score are top drawer. You need to have a supply of tissues handy, because tears will readily flow and...
0.875 Not only superior to the novel that was its inspiration, it also may be the most surprising movie of the year, with more than a dozen indelible, distinctive characters...
0.8 A well-acted, well-written, and quite excellent reminder of where we've been.
0.6 While it's a little too Disney-fied for my tastes, Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer make it worth seeing. Both should be remembered during Oscar season.
0.5 There's not a human response that isn't framed as either an "awwww" moment of lady-bonding, a you-go-girl punchline or a begin-weeping-right-NOW command. So that's pretty exhausting.
0.7 Part moving drama, part sappy tale of female camaraderie, The Help is an overall entertaining morality play buoyed by a well acted ensemble cast featuring a ferocious Bryce Dallas Howard.
0.6 Tate Taylor has taken a book of real depth and turned it into something crude and shallow ...
0.9 a masterful emotional epic with equal parts crowd-pleasing joy and shattering, complex pain
0.8 Poignant, thought-provoking Civil Rights tale.
0.6 Above all, though, it's an actors' movie. Perhaps the highest compliment one can pay them is that even the caricatures seem rich.
0.625 Thanks to a talented cast -- starting with leads Emma Stone, Viola Davis&#8203; and Octavia Spencer&#8203; -- the movie is often entertaining. But The Help should have been challenging too.
0.5 It has an overmodest debutante's aversion to any ugliness.
0.73 The film manages to retain a tension that's often rewarded with a humorous release. It may sometimes be a little too clean around the edges, but don't be fooled by the light.
0.7 While it's too long and too timid, The Help is still a wonderful, evocative indictment
0.8 The performances in this movie are so spectacular that it made my analytical eye fill with tears for the triumphs and sorrows of the people on the screen.
0.84 Even if you wanted to complain about the film being too melodramatic or cute those complaints are washed away by powerful and compelling performances.
0.625 Has all the subtlety of a baseball bat to the head with the phrase, "Racism is wrong" written on it.
0.5 The Help is Mississippi-lite. This doesn't mean it's not an entertaining movie: it is quite enjoyable. It just means it avoids authenticity.
0.8 The Help has so much heart it's easy to feel both sorrow and enjoyment while watching such an emotional film.
0.6 Whatever The Help loses in complexity, it often makes up for in empathy.
0.9 Provocative and powerful, it's a multi-racial, multi-generational 'must see.'
0.2 With its focus group-tested quotient of laughs and tears targeted to lowest-common-denominator audiences, writer-director Tate Taylor's vulgar The Help is as much a piece of assembly-line hackwork as any Transformers sequel.
0.5 If only The Help accepted more of Davis&rsquo; help, we might have a work of art on our hands instead of another condescending, half-baked history lesson.
0.75 With powerful performances given by Viola Davis and scene stealer Octavia Spencer, the film is an emotionally, moving drama that remains highly entertaining.
0.75 Writer/director Tate Taylor takes care to balance the at-odds themes of shameful social injustice, female bonding and outright comedy in this tale about African-American maids in 1960s Jackson, Miss.
1.0 A tribute to African-American maids in the South during 1963 and their courage in telling their stories as a form of grace under pressure.
0.7 A splendid entertainment -- a film that makes us for root for the good guys, hiss at the bad and convulse in laughter when good wreaks vengeance with a smile.
0.875 The Help brings a chick-flick sensibility to a serious subject, which is more daring than it might sound. It's also incredibly refreshing.
0.6 The Help pulls its punches just when it has the audience on the ropes and makes you wish the filmmakers had been as brave as Aibileen and Minny.
0.4 While the book's minor -- but crucial -- details are often overlooked, the major themes are thrust on screen with forceful simplicity, as if Taylor doesn't trust us to understand the stakes.
0.75 The Help will make you laugh, yes, but it can also break your heart. In the dog days of August moviegoing, that's a powerful recommendation.
0.5 Now comes the inevitable movie, which, in the hands of writer/director Tate Taylor, does a novel about injustice an injustice itself: It turns lite into featherweight.
0.8 Any number of these performances may be remembered come awards season.
0.5 Some adaptations find a fresh, cinematic way to convey a book's spirit but "The Help" doesn't.
0.85 The Help is Davis's movie, and it's about time.
0.875 Satisfying entertainment that's going to seem like heaven to those who have had their fill of cowboys, aliens and superheroes.
0.875 "The Help" is an unforgettable feature about a past that should rightly be remembered as a blight on this nation. It is a film that at times will make you flinch and squirm, but ultimately, make you applaud the courage of these remarkable women.
0.5 Almost succeeds solely on the strength of its acting, but The Help cannot escape the central hypocrisy that should have been easy-as-pie to fix.
0.9 A rare and important film where every single performance stands out. The film finds a perfect balance between telling a tough story and keeping it very entertaining!
0.9 Written and directed smartly by Tate Taylor, it's a movie in the mold of weepy chick flicks, but with more brains and gumptions than we're used to.
0.875 Well-told and touching, with Oscar-worthy performances by Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer.
0.4 Mississippi's burning, but it's nothing a little race-transcending grrrl power won't cure.
1.0 A warm and sweet song of hope -- and chocolate pie -- that pushes all the right buttons.
0.625 Aims for "To Kill a Mockingbird" significance, but lands in "Steel Magnolias" territory.
0.75 A better movie than you might think it is.
0.625 Taylor gives Skeeter and Celia's problems ... more significance through the use of visual storytelling, while the titular caste is left simply to orate their own.
0.875 A beautiful story, beautifully told. No acting ensemble this year has featured so many awards-caliber performances.
0.75 Fans of the best-selling novel can rest easy: The warmly engaging book has been made into an equally affecting movie.
0.75 I was drawn into the characters and quite moved, even though all the while I was aware it was a feel-good fable, a story that deals with pain but doesn't care to be that painful.
0.75 Like its characters, it has its faults. But overall, it is a movie of imaginative sympathy that gets into the skin of its characters, into their hearts, and, ultimately, into ours.
0.75 Occasionally the sentimental sweep of the picture threatens to overwhelm, but Taylor manages to pull it back in time.
0.75 Although the story is uplifting and the characters heroic, The Help feels like a missed opportunity to explore the inner lives of these women and the culture that sustained them in any kind of artful or insightful way.
0.875 The message is delivered in a whispered hush, but you will hear it. Because it's true what your parents said when you were young. Sometimes, a whisper carries farther than a shout.
0.75 This is one shameless tear-jerker that earns its sniffles.
0.5 Both taste and perspective will inform whether viewers will find The Help a revelatory celebration of interracial healing and transcendence, or a patronizing portrait that trivializes those alliances by reducing them to melodrama and facile uplift.
0.8 Laughter, which is ladled on thick as gravy, proves to be the secret ingredient -- turning what should be a feel-bad movie about those troubled times into a heart-warming surprise.
0.6 Though the story is good and the performances are even better, The Help is really no different than Disney's typical inspirational crowd-pleasers, even if it offers a more unique take on the civil rights movement.
0.875 The Help is an exhilarating gift, a deeply touching human story filled with humor and heartbreak, and sublime performances from Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Emma Stone and Co.
0.25 Like The Blind Side, this salves white guilt by scapegoating the wrong villains, crediting the wrong heroes, and exploiting the victims.
0.75 "The Help" has Viola Davis going for it, and she is more than enough.
0.5 Save for Ms. Davis's, the performances are almost all overly broad, sometimes excruciatingly so, characterized by loud laughs, bugging eyes and pumping limbs.
0.625 When an important message is delivered through cardboard cutouts, it's akin to a Tyler Perry production of "Guess Who's Cooking the Dinner."
1.0 "The Help" avoids the trap of recasting a story of black struggle into the story of a white savior.
0.4 A chick flick for do-gooders, The Help suffers from a malady common to the discrimination drama: its treatment of inequality is more condescending than the prejudice it aims to remedy.
0.7 We are all invited to revel in the shadenfreude, but in between the snickering, it's worth pondering whether the film has perhaps lost its way. Was 'The Help' really intended as a revenge fantasy?
0.8 The fantastic performances make it a real winner of a movie, one that entertains and moves you regardless of gender, age or race.
0.625 "The Help'' comes out on the losing end of the movies' social history. The best film roles three black women will have all year require one of them to clean Ron Howard's daughter's house. It's self-reinforcing movie imagery.
0.75 It's ... the black actresses who own this - as they should - and help lift it above well-intentioned melodrama.
0.625 We don't need to see white characters feeling guilty or oppressed to understand that the verbal and emotional abuse committed against 'the help' is wrong.
0.25 High school creative-writing-class ironies of all kinds abound in The Help.
1.0 Truth and reconciliation between blacks and whites in Mississippi belatedly achieved, like a dream deferred.
0.7 "The Help" is filled with good acting and better intentions.
0.75 Is the movie version of "The Help" better than the book? Yes, it is, primarily for one reason: The book doesn't have Viola Davis in it.
0.7 Thanks to the divine cast, it mostly succeeds.
0.5 Sounds kinda like Mississippi Burning meets Steel Magnolias, doesn't it?
0.875 Stone, Davis and Spencer forge something quite beautiful, a sense of sisterhood and equality that unfolds with ease and grace, never feeling forced or untrue to their era and circumstances.
0.8 A chilly, creepy throwback to classic thrillers.
0.8 An outstanding thriller. Penn at the top of his game.
0.6 Will appeal to fans of Sleuth and other movies in this genre.
0.8 A seriously underrated little mystery flick. Give it a shot!
0.8 Truffaut's ode to his childhood is an engrossing watch that is alluring in its simplicity and brilliant in its direction. It flows nicely at its own pace, never allowing melodrama to ruin its realistic and voyeuristic atmosphere.
0.9 Truffaut brought a fresh and piercingly honest portrayal of troubled youth to the screen. In many ways, Antonie Doinel is not only the cinematic embodiment of Truffaut, but also the French New Wave as a whole.
0.93 Truffault's masterpiece. Timeless and true, heartbreakingly sad.
1.0 Francois Truffaut's iconoclastic feature debut and one of the most enduring examples of the French New Wave.
1.0 What is there to say about The 400 Blows that hasn't already been said?
1.0 It's a cornerstone of the French New Wave, and one of the greatest movies about childhood, from anywhere, ever.
1.0 Henri Decae's black and white photography helped Truffaut enormously but what the director himself provides is a sense that though there is no easy answer to the problems of growing up, there is a hope that will never be wholly denied.
1.0 Vibrant, visually exciting and emotionally resonant.
0.833333333333 One of the first glistening droplets of the French New Wave.
1.0 Distinguished by its naturalistic, quasi-documentary approach and an extraordinary central performance from the 12-year-old Jean-Pierre Leaud, this is a blisteringly authentic story.
1.0 It's streetwise stuff, shot in a vigorous on-the-hoof style, but also full of joy, both in its blissfully comic moments and in Doinel's telling passion for moviegoing.
0.9 Alive with the joy of filmmaking for its own sake.
1.0 The 400 Blows, one of the initiating sparks of the French New Wave, ultimately boils down to the film's trendsetting coda, perhaps the most exclamatory question mark in movies.
1.0 An enduring masterpiece...Truffaut's autobiographical fiction shows an admirable equanimity by depicting the highs and lows of boyhood. [Blu-ray]
1.0 This should be required viewing for today's droves of would-be memoirsts in film or any other medium, and otherwise is simply a must for anybody who likes great movies.
1.0 Seems forever young.
1.0 Un film partiellement autobiographique qui fait part d'une sincerite et d'une richesse ahurissantes.
1.0 it informs everything we know today about watching movies.
1.0 Truffaut's brilliant debut, one of the seminal works of the New Wave, is a captivating autobiographical chronicle of a troubled youth.
1.0 One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood.
1.0 Leaud's performance is a marvel in the way he conveys Antoine's frustration with the world around him and the inability of adults to understand him.
1.0 Amazingly, this vigorous effort is the first feature film of M. Truffaut, who had previously been (of all things!) the movie critic for a French magazine.
1.0 For all of Truffaut's mastery of the behind-the-camera aspects of The 400 Blows, an equal share of the credit must go to lead actor Jean-Pierre Leaud.
1.0 This bleak ending, with Antoine turning to stare into the camera, is among the most famous shots in cinema history, and for good reason.
0.8 A landmark in modern cinema.
1.0 Extraordinary.
1.0 The later films have their own merits, and Stolen Kisses is one of Truffaut's best, but The 400 Blows, with all its simplicity and feeling, is in a class by itself.
0.7 Whiplash rises on the strengths of a brilliant, Oscar-winning performance from J.K. Simmons and a great soundtrack to complement it, turning what could have been a rather bland story of a determined drummer into something a little more memorable.
1.0 'Whiplash' is whip-smart.
0.5 full of skill and technique and fury, but hollow at the core.
1.0 Utterly brilliant and intense.
0.75 J.K. Simmons excels in 'Whiplash's' hand-to-the throat storytelling.
0.7 The acting is what drums up the interest here. J.K. Simmons proves -- as most of us already know -- he's a great actor and deserves more than acting for an insurance company.
0.8 Whiplash delivers a dark and dazzling jive into the hidden world of competitive playing. This is what happens when the kids from Fame meet the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket.
0.4 A more distasteful rendering of character and story I can't begin to imagine. I must be missing something.
0.8 For all its overripe contrivance, you'll leave the cinema with a spring in your step and a thump in your chest, eager to bang the drum for what deserves to be one of the year's real word-of-mouth hits.
0.8 What gives the film such a kick, in spite of its improbabilities, is its raw and brutal but also very subtle portrayal of the shifting, attritional relations between teacher and student, sorcerer and apprentice.
1.0 I suggest you take a defibrillator to Whiplash, since the chances of a heart attack or spontaneous combustion during viewing are high.
0.8 Few relationships in recent cinema have been quite so compelling. Bring a welder's mask to ward off sparks.
1.0 Simmons is unnervingly good as a teacher who rules by fear and the final showdown provides as gripping a climax as you will see all year.
0.8 Whiplash is an extraordinarily taut, accomplished piece of work for a debut feature. It's also unusual in having such a definite point to make - albeit perhaps a pretty objectionable one.
1.0 A hugely entertaining, refreshingly subversive take on the well-worn "inspirational teacher" theme.
1.0 Come the last beat, you'll probably be exhausted. But you'll also feel entertained, inspired and wonderfully alive. The ovation starts here.
0.8 The film offers dark, ripsnorting fun if not, necessarily, an accurate portrait of life and times at premium music colleges.
0.9 It's hard to think of another film that leaves us quite so out of breath.
0.8 If Facebook's Marc Zuckerberg took jazz drumming lessons from Dr Hannibal Lecter, the result might look like this.
1.0 Whiplash is razor-sharp filmmaking about personal sacrifice and how far you're willing to go in pursuit of a dream. It's absolutely essential viewing.
1.0 Builds to a finale that's somehow fist-pumpingly fantastic and utterly tragic at the same time. You'll want back for more as soon as it's over.
1.0 Not many films can capture electricity and bottle it, but Damien Chazelle is a conductor par excellence. If the final scene doesn't move you in every sense, you're a corpse.
1.0 Tense, hilarious, harrowing, brilliantly performed and masterfully directed.
0.875 As an ode to jazz, to the single-minded pursuit of greatness, and to the agony and exultation of jamming to one's inner drummer, Whiplash hardly misses a beat.
1.0 The race for the Academy Award for best supporting actor is probably over, with J.K. Simmons nearly guaranteed to take home this year's crown with a performance that is both electric and unforgettable.
1.0 It's the work of an accomplished talent.
0.875 Simmons is daunting and extraordinary from the moment Chazelle introduces the black-clad monster, but it is Teller, a former drummer, who carries the film.
1.0 I've been bullied and I've been a bully, and I don't enjoy watching it onscreen. I loved Whiplash, though.
1.0 The riveting tale of a power-tripping music teacher who pushes his star pupil to - and beyond - the brink.
0.875 Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are both phenomenal in their parts, playing off each other as brilliantly as one horn to another in a jazz ensemble.
0.875 It would be an insult to call Chazelle a "promising" filmmaker, as this movie doesn't indicate mere potential - it is evidence of authentic, sometimes blazing talent.
0.7 A gorgeous ode to drumming, as art, as mastery and invention, as utterly thrilling experience.
0.875 While "Whiplash" easily ranks as one of the most riveting feature films about drumming and jazz in memory (an admittedly short list), you don't need to know a thing about either to relish this vibrant, timeless tale ...
1.0 Director Damien Chazelle, who based the story on his own experience as a student jazz drummer in the thrall of an Alpha task-master, has created a remarkably economical and claustrophobic piece of storytelling.
0.75 Make no mistake: It's Simmons' explosive, career-defining performance that really brings Whiplash to life.
1.0 Riveting
0.9 A simple plot synopsis might make Whiplash seem ordinary -- there's even a little romantic subplot -- but that sort of reductive reporting misses the point of this beautifully crafted, nuanced and wonderfully energetic film.
1.0 "Whiplash" Follows the Beat of its own Drum.
1.0 Unyielding, unrelenting and unforgettable, this is a movie about music that never hits a sour note.
1.0 Even though the film is laser-focused, both Teller and Simmons reveal a remarkable amount of character depth and shading, elevating the clever screenplay to a challenging statement about modern culture.
0.75 Teller and Simmons play their parts as if possessed by demons.
0.75 "Whiplash" is intense, brutal and really bloody. Oh, and it's a music drama. An engrossing, piercing force with which to be reckoned, barreling over reality into operatic theatrics so deliciously over-the-top they border on the surreal.
1.0 Smart, funny, and electrifying in its storytelling. Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are nothing short of magical.
0.7 An enjoyable potboiler with just enough insight into alpha male desire to feel like something slightly deeper.
1.0 Incredible movie.
0.625 The movie struck me as unreal and vaguely ridiculous; I found it easy to imagine Will Ferrell in the role of Fletcher, a switch that would require no decrease in tantrums and no change in dialogue.
0.8 Abusive yet electrifying, defining the parameters of artistic sacrifice...
0.7 Whiplash is a tense (but somewhat hollow) psycho-thriller that features a ferocious performance to remember from J.K. Simmons.
1.0 Movies set in a Juilliard-like music school aren't supposed to make your heart race in nervous anticipation. Yet that's exactly why this taut drama rates as one of the year's best.
1.0 Its climax is the most exhilarating stretch of film you'll see all year.
1.0 Following a few compelling turns and sly plot twists, the final confrontation between gifted student and tyrannical teacher comes quickly, then ends on an equally sudden if just about perfect note.
1.0 A riveting confluence of energy, passion and broken blisters that serves as a tribute to the obsessive pursuit of excellence at any cost.
1.0 A compelling, coming-of-age tale about a lifelong dream-turned-neverending nightmare, all because of a sadistic studio bandleader from Hell!
0.8 Whiplash should "wow" its audiences.
0.8 Propulsive and persistent.
0.75 Primarily two actors and a jazz score, but the result is a crackling good drama that feels almost like a thriller. Smart, stylish and intense.
0.75 Whiplash smartly shows the sacrifices required to achieve greatness.
1.0 Words fail to adequately describe just how everything down to the most minute detail converge into a climax that is at once exciting, scary, intense, joyous, heartbreaking, exhilarating, and altogether powerfully cathartic.
0.875 An indie Amadeus...it's the career-best performances by Simmons and Teller...that make Whiplash unforgettable.
0.75 The film works, often wonderfully, as a remarkable visualization of jazz music - you feel it and breathe it, just like the musicians - and as a showcase for the two actors at its center.
0.6 The leads' prolonged, puffed-feathers sparring is entertaining while it lasts, but the sensation of something sizable is only fleeting.
1.0 Ultimately, "Whiplash" isn't just about jazz - and it's not necessary to be a fan of the music to enjoy the film - but about life.
0.875 The film's true subject is innate talent - for music, writing, painting, sculpture, plumbing, whatever - and the superhuman lengths we sometimes have to go to in order to wring it out of ourselves.
0.875 There is a "Raging Bull" physicality to Teller's performance, along with a touch of Asperger syndrome, and Simmons brings a "The Great Santini" psychological intensity unlike anything in his nice-guy insurance commercials.
0.8 Specific as its world is, the questions it raises have application all over our culture. Thrilling as hell and ends on a perfect note
0.4 You have to take Whiplash's tunnel vision for what it's worth, the idea that there's only one sort of perfection, only one school worth attending...This kind of acting is to acting what a drum solo is to music.
0.875 At times, it evidences the qualities of a can't-turn-away car wreck: brutal and horrific yet compelling. At other times, it has the rhythms of a sports drama with all the ups and downs inherent in that genre.
0.75 Horrifyingly hypnotic.
0.875 An intense, unmelodious, highly amped and probably unrealistic drama set in the fictionalized Schaefer Conservatory in New York.
1.0 Quite simply, Whiplash is one of the year's best films.
0.875 It's as much a horror movie as it is a keenly realized indie about jazz, about art, about what it takes to claim greatness.
0.8 Student-teacher relations don't get much more combative than what we see in Whiplash. And firebrand acting doesn't get much better.
0.7 Chazelle may have given us a convenient bad guy with a cold heart, but he still leaves room for debate through the portrait of a protagonist who feels the weight of potential on his shoulders, but needs help lifting it heavenward.
0.8 J.K. Simmonds is amazing.
0.8 The searing performance of J. K. Simmonds as this Machiavellian maestro is the key to this film.
0.8 An extremely confident, stylish, brash and superbly crafted melodrama that manages, in its contained story, to examine ambition, elitism, bullying, musicianship, scholarship and many other underlying themes. It is taut, rigorous and menacing.
1.0 Oh, yes. It's that good.
0.8 Whiplash is, at best, heightened realism. There's no way that Fletcher could have gotten away with his teaching methods without serious legal - or physical - pushback long before Andrew comes along. But, as drama, it's a crackling good time.
1.0 A bruising, anger-scarred music academy drama not to be missed.
0.9 Simmons is always good. Here, he is great. His brilliant performance is, if not the single best of the year, certainly among them.
0.8 Whiplash has one of the best and most inspirational endings I've ever seen that also works as a defence of fascism.
0.6 The film is based on Chazelle's life but is fiction because reality is realising not everything is possible if we're willing to try.
0.9 Whiplash is a 'jazz thriller' and it's exceptional, engrossing cinema.
0.875 ...a consideration of the potential, value and cost of perfection.
1.0 It eventually subverts expectations in its final third to become truly special.
1.0 Whiplash is everything its snappy title suggests, and comes complete with a thunderous ending that leaves the entire film reverberating in your consciousness.
1.0 Teller grabs you with his commitment and drags you along through all the agony.
0.875 Frankly, I would urge viewers to see this film, if for no other reason, than for the final scene. It's the kind of scene that involuntarily quickens your heart, makes your jaw fall open, and catches your breath.
0.9 The insightful writing and direction of filmmaker Damien Chazelle shines an unflattering light on the playing of mind games as a motivational tool.
1.0 The greatest testament to Chazelle's accomplishment with these characters is that we dread what's still to come for them.
1.0 Uplifting, heartbreaking, electrifying and terrifying, it's a highly personal film but one with universal themes that we can all connect to.
1.0 As a stress-inducing exercise in cinematic asphyxiation, Whiplash is this year's Gravity.
1.0 The explosive, ingeniously constructed mentor-from-hell drama Whiplash gives durable character actor J.K. Simmons the meatiest and mightiest role of his career.
0.7 Chazelle finds the cinematic equivalent of the white hat/black hat showdown in a classic Western but imbues it with equal parts physicality and intellectual grit.
0.625 At its best, "Whiplash" conveys with pungent detail the striving of young people eager to make their bones in a Manhattan that's as foul and forbidding as it is seductive.
0.7 As for the strangely exhilarating ending, it makes clear that what we have been watching is less a statement about art than a love story: a twisted one, but romantic in every sense.
0.75 To watch J.K. Simmons in "Whiplash" is always to be wondering what it is you're seeing and what is going on in this man's mind.
1.0 Simmons gives an indelible, Oscar-worthy performance here, yet he's matched in every step by Teller, who shows us an intense young man who finds in music an order and sense that the world around him lacks.
0.875 In a bracing, complex turn that better earn a best supporting actor nomination, Simmons makes a terrifying jazz drill sergeant and one of the year's best villains.
1.0 "Whiplash" is true to its title. It throws you around with impunity, yet Chazelle exerts tight, exacting control over his increasingly feverish and often weirdly comic melodrama.
0.75 Even with its flaws, "Whiplash" is very much worth seeing. With its shotgun acting, fierce direction and galvanizing music, it nails the most important notes.
0.75 It's one of the most disturbing entertaining movies I've seen in a long while.
0.4 Think of Simmons' verbal tirades as extended riffs, virtuoso variations on the theme of trial by ordeal.
0.921 An intense, emotionally-charged and captivating triumph brimming with powerhouse performances by Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons. They both deserve an Oscar nomination.
0.8 Whiplash flows freely; it's literally full of improvisations in at least two art forms, but like all good jazz, it always knows where it is, and where it's going.
0.9 Whiplash is a must see and will contend for the best film of 2014. Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons deliver magnetic performances.
0.8 Compelling drama about relentless pursuit of perfection.
1.0 If the story is simple, Chazelle spins off on it, the way jazz players reinterpret old standards. His camera comes in close on instruments, fingers, blisters. Shots are cut together in clear but furious flurries.
0.875 Damien Chazelle stages S&M drum duels with strafing mastery. And Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons will blow you away. Beat the drums for a Simmons Oscar, and add a cymbal crash for Whiplash. It's electrifying.
0.8 Some viewers of Whiplash may find it morally suspect, but after a final act that grips you by the throat and doesn't let go, it's doubtful they'll mind.
1.0 Music instruction and combat are rarely linked in movies, and particularly not in the singularly riveting way they come together in Whiplash.
0.91 The film is a stunning work that explores the price of great artistry, all the while demonstrating precisely what that looks like.
0.8 You may not even notice the flaws, since we get so many compelling layers to sift through.
1.0 A spellbinding make-or-break movie aimed at those who have ever wanted to be good at something. At anything. It's one of the year's best films.
0.8 It's an intense, blood-curdling, debatably cynical portrait of geniuses as sociopaths, or at least the ones who have to work at it.
0.875 Rarely has a movie shown so viscerally the utter pain that can accompany the bliss of creating good music.
0.75 The two stars are fully committed to the concept that the pursuit of perfection doesn't always triumph, and the film pounds in the temples with the feverish tempo of a jazz riff.
1.0 A mesmerizing drama about the toxic fallout from perfectionism and unbridled ambition.
0.8 The film's aversion toward cliches and hitting expected beats lends it a rare, welcome edge of danger.
1.0 Absolutely harrowing...one of the best pictures of the year.
0.875 In this intense music-themed drama, director-writer Damien Chazelle constructs a fearsome duet between his lead characters.
0.9 Andrew's story breathes and moves like a song -- a jazz number, naturally -- which renders every turn, reveal, and twist of perspective a tremendous showstopper.
0.9 Whiplash is a somewhat rare example of a heavily hyped film that lives up to said hype.
0.95 A story that rarely breaks tempo, and it's incredible performances will no doubt be marching into award ceremonies in the coming months.
1.0 A story that is engaging throughout, and the music is perfectly employed...but it's Teller and especially Simmons who make this one of the must-see films of 2014.
1.0 Few movies can achieve the highest benchmark of 'perfection,' and movies like Whiplash only come along once in a blue moon.
1.0 "Whiplash" features some of the best minutes of film seen in 2014. An ending that will bring tears to your eyes, dual performances that will have you applaud, and an experience that you surely will not forget.
0.8 Whiplash demands a physical and emotional reaction. It sucks us right into this battle of wills, and the fleeting triumphs and emotional scarring that is a result of it.
0.5 In the days since my rousing screening of the film I've grown increasingly mystified by it...
0.875 The thrill of watching Fletcher and Neyman's fray unfold is intensified by Damien Chazelle's attention to the craft and challenge of musicianship.
0.875 Featuring a remarkably hypnotic performance by J.K. Simmons...
0.875 When an ambitious young musician (Miles Teller) strives to be a Buddy Rich class drummer, he nearly dies trying in a charged battle of wills with his thorny professor (J. K. Simmons). The buzzy Sundance hit vibrates with life lived at fever pitch.
1.0 A riveting portrait of two people working out the theory that pressure turns coal into a diamond.
1.0 Savagely funny, gripping and exhilarating, Whiplash is a spectacularly accomplished sophomore feature from Chazelle, a taut psychological drama without an ounce of spare flesh on it.
0.8 Whiplash scrapes the far edge of crazy passion. It never apologizes.
0.85 Guaranteed to send you out of the theater on an adrenaline high.
0.8 Whiplash delivers an energy you're lucky to feel once or twice on the big screen each year
0.8 Chazelle's film has a sharp and gripping rhythm, with shots, beautifully edited by Tom Cross (Crazy Heart, Wrong Turn), often cutting to the crash of Andrew's drums.
0.6 The entire cast is impressive, but unfortunately, Whiplash rarely raises itself above amiably decent.
0.71 Even if Whiplash falters from time to time, the performances never do.
0.9 Award-worthy performances by J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller.
0.8 It's rare to see a film about music that professes its love for the music and its characters equally.
0.8 A triumphant coming of age tale, and an inverse, perverse, modern Amadeus.
0.7 Will have audiences cheering and begging for an encore.
0.9 One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
1.0 The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
1.0 An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
0.8 Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
0.5 It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
1.0 This is the ultimate celluloid Rorschach test, where the production refuses to offer a straightforward solution to the maze of thorny challenges.
0.9 [...]Persona marks a radical break for Bergman, an acknowledgment up front of the illusion and fundamental artifice of making movies.
0.8 Persona probes the depths of the human psyche, even as it examines the ways in which people tell stories and create new realities. Its themes are timeless, and it still holds up today.
1.0 One of the screen's supreme works and perhaps Ingmar Bergman's finest film.
1.0 Wonderfully complex but warmly human, Bergman's drama is one of his very best.
1.0 Persona is made up of clinical compositions, austere acting and stark lighting courtesy of legendary lensman Sven Nykvist. Yet it's this very severity that gives the film its crisp beauty.
1.0 A work of many possible readings -- any of which provide deeply disturbing looks into the psyche of the characters or character.
0.94 Not a movie, but a Film. And a Great Film it is. As good as any.
0.7 One of Ingmar Bergman's most beloved films.
1.0 Corajoso em sua abordagem narrativa, Bergman cria um dos mais densos dramas psicologicos do Cinema, quebrando as convencoes da linguagem para expressar ideias e sentimentos.
1.0 There are so many stunning monologues and unforgettable set-pieces in Persona that even at a modest 80 minutes, it feels fuller on the surface than most movies twice the length.
0.5 ...Bergman's penchant for strangeness eventually undercuts the effective elements.
0.8 Bergman at his most atypically sensual, playful -- even Godardian.
1.0 Made in the mid-60s, his film's intensity and mysteriousness remain undimmed despite the passage of time.
1.0 Somewhat dated today, but one of Bergman's greatest works.
1.0 Ingmar Bergman's most actively astonishing film.
1.0 You might not understand it all right away, or even after multiple viewings, but there is nothing about Persona that is forgettable. It is an experience that sticks with you and gnaws at you, compelling you back to it again and again.
1.0 A film we return to over the years, for the beauty of its images and because we hope to understand its mysteries.
1.0 One of the most chilling, disturbing, and even erotic films to ever be made.
1.0 It's not a horror story but a poem, and remarkable for that. This is one of the director's masterworks.
0.7 A neatly insinuating idea, flawlessly executed, Alone With Her marks out its stars and director as ones to watch.
0.7 Alone With Her is a pretty engaging tale, and it's refreshing to see a well-acted, suspenseful drama made without a bloated budget or a lot of bloodletting.
0.8 A novel spin on an oft-told tale, Alone with Her is a fine little indie indeed. What could have been just another gimmick flick turns out to be a pretty intense ride.
0.7 Alone with Her has a dog and a rampant sense of dread, the kind you don't recover from for at least a few days. I'm on the first day.
0.666666666667 Even a conventional, albeit cynical, ending can't ruin such effective mood-making.
0.6 exudes the overall uncomfortable air of watching a depraved home movie
0.75 Alone With Her is a tense, well-shot little thriller in the vein of 'fatal attraction' youth flicks like Fear, The Crush, and Swimfan.
0.625 Through Hanks' and Talancon's subtle, naturalistic performance [writer-director Eric Nicholas] cultivates a human dimension often missing from thrillers.
0.75 Alone With Her has the kind of high ick factor that leaves you squirming -- not because Doug is so diabolical a creation, but because what he does to satisfy his pathology is so practical.
0.625 A B-picture waiting to cut loose in its final 15 minutes, when it devolves into generic stalker-thriller theatrics of the Julia-Roberts-in-distress kind.
0.5 Writer and director Eric Nicholas's latest film, Alone With Her, is a voyeuristic thriller that is fiendishly assured yet ultimately less than the sum of its parts.
0.75 Far superior to the generic thrillers churned out by the big studios.
0.625 A relentlessly-disturbing, cautionary tale about how easy it might be for a deranged maniac to worm his way into your good graces.
0.8 This film chills and hits every paranoia button perfectly.
0.7 The plausibility of the situation (aided tremendously by Talancon's wonderfully natural performance) makes for a deeply disturbing viewing experience.
0.6 Those with a propensity for voyeurism and stalking should be able to relate to Hanks, while ogling Talancon. (Here's hoping you don't happen to be sitting next to one of them in the theatre.)
0.4 There are amusing moments but it's as illuminating as an average episode of Coach Trip.
0.6 There's much to admire in Alexander Snelling's documentary about a perspiring gang of sex-starved westerners on a tantric tour of India. He clocks some genuine emotional flashpoints and shoots India with adoring vivacity.
0.6 A rather unenlightening experience.
0.75 The sort of raw drama that, sad to say, never loses its topicality.
1.0 This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
1.0 How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
1.0 This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
1.0 This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
1.0 It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
1.0 O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
0.625 ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
1.0 Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
1.0 Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
1.0 [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
1.0 A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
0.75 The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence.
1.0 Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
1.0 It's a truly magnificent film.
1.0 For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
0.75 The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
1.0 Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
1.0 An epic achievement in filmmaking.
1.0 A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
1.0 A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
0.75 If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
1.0 Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
0.9 One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
1.0 Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
0.91 Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
1.0 ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
1.0 I am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen.
1.0 We remember the quiet, empty passages, the sun rising across the desert, the intricate lines traced by the wind in the sand.
0.9 This is a film for the ages.
1.0 At the center of Lean's superbly sun-drenched, 70mm canvas is Peter O'Toole's eccentric but magnificent portrayal of the erudite, Oxford-educated lieutenant.
1.0 There are great action scenes, and the photography by Lean regular Freddie Young is, I believe, is the best ever put on film.
0.625 It is a long, ambitious and shocking exercise that aims so high - and with such detached logic - that we are driven to watch on in the same manner that eyewitnesses watch on at a train wreck.
0.2 One thing I'll say for Showgirls, it's educational. But sadly, it isn't much else.
0.8 Intelligently made by a smart director in full command of his powers.
0.75 ...a bad film, borderline inept, with an anti-erotic toxic charge about it. It deserved all the mean things people said about it.
0.4 Beneath the Vegas glitz beats the heart of a cheap B-movie porno in Showgirls, a movie that truly is so bad it's funny.
0.2 Even the grossest porn is more cheerfully sexual than this movie.
1.0 Showgirls is one of the most honest satires of recent years.
0.2 ...despite its rampant sexual material, it is not a sexy film. Dang, this thing couldn't get anything right.
0.0 Tasteless, tawdry, and guaranteed to leave you rolling in the aisles... the best bad filmmaking Hollywood has to offer.
0.6 One of the most entertaining bad movies of all time.
0.4 I'm in the "so bad it's bad" camp on this one. The nudity is nice.
0.1 Perhaps the worst movie of the year.
0.2 A film of thunderous oafishness that gives adult subject matter the kind of bad name it does not need or deserve.
0.0 Verhoeven, a Dutch filmmaker whose early works include the dazzlingly intelligent and anarchic The Fourth Man, has clearly lost his soul in Hollywood.
0.125 One of the worst films of the year.
0.5 A waste of a perfectly good NC-17 rating.
0.2 Just plain awful.
0.125 Sloppy writing and wooden acting remove any sense of class from the production, and what's left is simply an excuse to watch topless dancing.
0.0 The story is so shabbily built that it can make no valid claim to motives other than the filmmakers' mercenary desires to cash in on the public's prurient interests.
0.25 Showgirls approximates the feeling of someone sleazy putting the make on you. Its brand of sexual harassment makes you feel dirty and not at all flattered.
0.625 [The script] is as hoary as it is whore-y, whipping out every backstage cliche as he recycles his Flashdance plot into Trashdance.
0.4 Think of Flashdance but with an unappealing leading lady playing a woman whose fierce ambition is to do something not admirable, just ridiculous.
0.6 Showgirls is fun, pure and simple, as long as you don't take any of it seriously.
0.4 Em vez de perder tempo com este filme, assista ao otimo O General, inspirado no mesmo personagem, e veja o contraste entre o irlandes real (Gleeson) e o falso (Spacey).
0.25 (It) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent, but Spacey's.
0.5 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments.
0.3 I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent, and that's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing.
0.125 Technically and artistically inept.
0.375 Middling Cinema Paradiso magic realism turned lifeless by abundant treacle and a literal approach to his lightly surreal material.
0.625 Little Acuna gives a sweetly unaffected performance as the beleaguered child, and his transformation from a joyless paperboy with no future to a prematurely burdened child for whom education may lead to a better life is touching.
0.5 Sweet but not especially original.
0.4 It sounds churlish to bash a film that's as bereft of bad thoughts as a tiny puppy. But when the puppy licks your face for 108 minutes, enough's enough.
0.6 An uplifting and heartening Uruguayan film about a poor and kind boy whose life is transformed during the 40 days of carnival.
0.8 Satyajit Ray's study of the destructive power of superstition is typically compassionate; there are no easy villains. Intelligent and moving.
0.75 Ray shows compassion and insight, telling the story in a subdued but fascinating manner.
0.6 Lacks the enraptured rhythms of The Apu Trilogy, but engrossing all the same.
0.75 It's a film that bears all the hallmarks of Ray's best work: gracefulness, exquisite pacing and composition, love for his characters and a deep regard for the power of silence to tell a story.
0.75 A constantly dark, absorbing and personal turn on the mob genre.
0.2 Chega a impressionar que, em meio a tantos elementos desastrosos, a atuacao de Eliza Dushku (que tambem co-produziu o longa) seja inegavelmente a pior coisa do filme.
0.45 The Alphabet Killer suffers from the same symptoms as Passengers: both have an unintentionally feeble-minded character who lazily investigates a mystery while the plot itself seems dull and poorly developed.
0.5 Although Schmidt and Malloy have devoted meticulous attention to Megan's manhunt, which is engrossing and briskly paced for the better part of 85 minutes, their final act seems less like a canny trick than a copout.
0.5 [Eliza Dushku's] commitment to the material is worthier than the cheesy ghost effects of decomposing children that the filmmakers felt the need to add.
0.4 It's too bad there was no way around the story's inherent deficit since this effectively unsettling film, directed by Rob Schmidt, chugs along quite well for a while.
1.0 Is there a film - certainly a British film - that delivers a greater infusion of pure joy than The Italian Job?
0.625 The gold is then stashed in a bus, and the predictable chase ensues.
1.0 As a film, The Italian Job is hardly a work of unalloyed genius; but as a reminder of the time when Britannia really was cool, it's peerless.
0.75 Worthy simply for Benny Hill and his love for "big ladies"
0.4 The film is technically sophisticated and emotionally retarded.
0.8 Superior crime caper that's a little too pleased with itself, but only a little.
0.9 It's the sort of smoothly entertaining and slyly intelligent crowd-pleasing spectacle that will never go out of style.
0.4 Overrated heist film whose climactic chase scene is one of its few redeeming values.
0.75 Very much of its time without ever looking too dated, The Italian Job embraces the classic caper set-up.
0.75 1969's The Italian Job is a freewheeling, completely unpretentious chase comedy.
0.7 The chase is so good it makes the rest of the film pale in comparison.
0.8 Otimos (e hilarios) dialogos, uma incrivel perseguicao final e o carisma - e o cinismo - de Michael Caine transformam este filme em uma experiencia imperdivel.
1.0 Fast, funny and featuring a welter of great one-liners, this is highly entertaining stuff.
0.61 Megan Is Missing is entirely convinced of the terrors that lurk online and by the time it comes to its chilling conclusion most of its viewers will be as well.
0.58 Well-acted with a compelling concept, but shallow and less than the sum of its parts.
0.75 Credit co-stars Douglas Smith and Zoe Kravitz for generating just the right chemistry as endearing oddballs to turn this quirky coming-of-age adventure into an appealing romantic romp.
0.5 Too much of this film feels like a half-baked Saturday Night Live skit stretched to the fraying point.
0.5 It has inventive ideas in the setup of her fishy tale. But the story doesn't do enough with them, and, for a large stretch, flops along like a landlocked fish gasping for air.
0.6 The Boy Who Smells Like Fish is an amusing slant on the coming-of-age film that hits occasional false moments but never wears out its welcome.
0.625 ...the film can often come across as disorienting and uneven.
0.4 CHILD 44 is a thriller with no thrills. It's too long, too dreary, and too overly serious.
0.5 In the end, the film lacks an imagination, and that unfortunately winds up dragging it through the mud.
0.65 Child 44 is not a bad crime-thriller, but it could have been way better, especially given the talent involved.
0.5 Forbidding and forgettable, this plodding adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's suspenseful thriller just doesn't translate onto the big screen.
0.8 I'm going against the current on Daniel Espinosa's Child 44 by simply not hating it, but I'll go further and say it's actually good -- with qualifications.
0.4 Child 44 arrives in cinemas with the kind of dull thud befitting a novel of door-stopper weightiness rather than a work endowed with soaring prose and considerable storytelling prowess.
0.4 Ambitious to a fault, this is a slightly serviceable story of murder that features strong performances, but little more than that.
0.3 An oppressively boring, unappealing and often incomprehensible misfire.
0.5 The movie hints at a riveting story but is incapable of delivering it.
0.2 Hardy is very odd, as usual.
0.4 The story is a confusing bore that leads achingly slowly to a solution as perfunctory as it is implausible.
0.4 Child 44 never knows what it wants to be: a mystery or an uninspired statement on dystopian governments.
0.4 If the Russian accents from this non-Russian cast weren't grating enough, the convoluted and seedy story of Child 44 would be reason enough to pass on this one despite the usually reliable presence of Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace.
0.375 Equally bloated and scatterbrained.
0.8 ...a tense thriller set in Soviet Russia in 1953...tightly directed with surprisingly good pace...fine performances, especially by Hardy, Rapace, and Oldman...exceptional dark and forbidding cinematography enhanced by understated music.
0.4 A hopelessly muddled, po-faced and occasionally accidentally hilarious thriller set in Stalinist Russia.
0.3 Wouldn't know a "thrill" if it were plastered on a bottle of Stoli.
0.375 Child 44 doesn't just lose the plot. It loses the point.
0.4 In such a bleak and distorted world, it is perverse to try to tell a whodunit story with conventional heroes and villains -- and yet that is what this misguided and contradictory film attempts.
0.8 Tom Hardy rolls his Russian accent around his mouth like its a shot of vodka to be savoured. With his Soviet-issue brutalist haircut and shambling bear's gait, plus the accent as thick as borscht, he inhabits completely the part of Leo Demidov.
0.5 The movie goes wildly off the rails chasing so many characters, subplots, and complications that you may find yourself zoning out.
0.6 Child 44 grows in stature and suspense as it gains focus, eventually revealing itself as a murky depiction of desperately unjust, fearful times.
0.6 Espinosa manages to engineer some standout moments and Hardy rises above his dodgy accent to deliver a cruelly believable portrait of a good man trapped between a hammer and sickle.
0.375 [An] unrelentingly grim, plodding, and close-to-incoherent adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's best-selling mystery.
0.4 Tom Hardy brings his robust, muscular presence to the role of Leo and he is watchable enough, but the forensic and psychological aspects are just dull; there is no fascination in the detection process.
0.4 Child 44 has strong actors, solid production values, and good intentions. But it mixes too many plot threads and ends up telling none of them particularly well.
0.5 The usual serial-killer thriller in Soviet drag.
0.375 Ultimately, what we have is a bloated, grim, underwhelming affair, which is unfortunate - because the movie starts out with a lot going for it.
0.4 Everyone overacts, leaning heavily on moments of unexpected shouting, with Hardy taking bottom honors.
0.4 A muddled, mumbling thriller that never gets us in an iron grip.
0.5 an exercise in empty histrionics.
0.6 When it finally gets going, it becomes gloweringly compelling ...
0.625 Child 44 could have been far more compelling had it dug deeper into its political thriller layers and not drifted into yet another story of a diabolical killer on the loose.
0.4 A mediocre, generic production that does little to inspire.
0.6 Tom Hardy is characteristically compelling as Leo Demidov, a runaway orphan-turned-WW2 soldier transformed into a war hero by his role in the Battle of Berlin.
0.375 Just say nyet.
0.5 Despite gritty atmosphere and a sometimes smart script by the estimable Richard Price, whose credits include "The Wire," "Child 44" can't sort out the basics.
0.25 The film is at once devoted to corroborating and casting an exaggerated light on Soviet paranoia and the state's rhetoric of unmasking its enemies.
0.4 It shouldn't be possible to make a movie this bad with a cast this good.
0.55 Gets lost in a meandering, overly-complicated narrative that often loses sight of the story it's trying to get across.
0.4 If 'Child 44' has any reason to exist it's so hungry Tom Hardy completists having something, anything else to chew on.
0.3 A Soviet-era slog through crime and corruption, painted in grim shades of muck, blood, moss and bark, director Daniel Espinosa's "Child 44" turns a best-selling period-piece procedural into a slow, tedious thriller almost totally devoid of thrills.
0.2 Thanks to a feeble script, bland direction and - God, why? - those impenetrable accents, no one emerges from this fiasco with much dignity.
0.8 Hardy is immaculate as Leo, from accent to demeanour. Now on his fourth film with Hardy, Oldman is a pleasure to watch, and even the smallest of roles have been carefully cast ...
0.6 Hardy is excellent, his mix of strength and compassion giving genuine depth to a character who could simply have been a figurehead for the march of change.
0.6 Tom Hardy is excellent in the lead role and director Daniel Espinosa crafts some brilliant individual scenes but the story gets a little bogged down with a surfeit of subplots.
0.4 Very sordid and unexpectedly dull; adults only.
0.71 Unpleasant to view but ultimately satisfying.
0.8 Bolstered by its fiercely assured script and direction, Wonderland's cast soars, with Kilmer perhaps doing his career-best work.
0.8 It's an in-your-face and exhausting portrayal of life gone bad, played out by a cast of actors all on the top of their game.
0.5 Wonderland remains too subjective and doesn't probe deep enough.
0.6 Nem mesmo o excepcional elenco consegue levar o espectador a conhecer um pouco melhor aqueles personagens. Ainda assim, o filme tem seus momentos.
0.375 Wonderland is completely hollow and devoid of purpose... uncompelling, unorganized and unexciting.
0.5 A few actors make momentary impressions, yet most are kept in the shadows, as hard to make out as this movie's ultimate intentions.
0.4 Rarely has so much of so little consequence been so closely examined.
0.6 To enjoy the narrative remixing, you have to cut through an awful lot of postproduction hooey.
0.6 Sometimes Wonderland does make you wonder why you're wasting your time with these losers. But there's also a lot here that stays with you.
0.7 She creates an affecting counterpoint to the hyper-charged insanity back at the Wonderland condo.
0.5 The main interest here is the acting, which is, by turns, entertaining or just entertainingly bad, with lots of grungy seriousness and Method-trained twitching, but also some moments of real gusto.
0.25 Wonderland represents another low-rung on the downward descent of actor Val Kilmer.
0.375 Too bad Kilmer's [strong] performance is in service to a lurid and repellent account of the 1981 Wonderland murders.
0.5 Watching a movie about these wasted lives just made me feel like I was wasting mine for sitting through it.
0.625 These were very bad people, but very good actors play them.
0.75 An engrossing, if harrowing, trip through the looking glass.
0.625 We've frankly heard it all before.
0.375 Not quite the second coming of Boogie Nights.
0.25 If for some reason you are fascinated by the Wonderland murders, look up the Rolling Stone article of 1989 that brought national attention to the gruesome case. Otherwise, your local cineplex has lots of choices with more redeeming social value.
0.0 Watching Wonderland is like being trapped in a reeking shed under a naked light bulb, morosely reading old tabloids that have lost their shock value.
0.625 A movie that manages to make both sex and violence dull.
0.5 Wonderland never gives us a single reason to care about any of these people.
0.375 Along with their tickets to Wonderland, moviegoers should also be given a moist towelette. That way after the film they won't have to stand in line at the restroom to wash off the slime.
0.375 For all Wonderland's kinetic energy, the mind wanders.
0.5 True crime procedurals can have a certain fascination, but not when they're jumbled glimpses of what might or might not have happened involving a lot of empty people whose main claim to fame is that they're dead.
0.5 Wonderland skips lightly along the sewers of human depravity as if the trip alone was worth the telling.
0.8 It all makes for an interesting look at infamy in the hands of the brash young Cox.
0.4 A dry, forensic account, more suitable for a true-crime show on late-night cable.
0.75 Comparisons to Boogie Nights...may be inevitable. But Wonderland...is an absorbing and adroit (if not inventive), sobering and smart movie that is worth watching on its own merits.
0.0 The film reveals no great truths about human nature or drug abuse, the dialogue is witless, the acting unconstrained.
0.25 Although Wonderland isn't much of a movie, it is a parade of exceptional acting.
0.25 Wonderland aspires to the grisly poetry of a James Ellroy novella but only achieves the ugliness of an 8-mm loop.
0.75 Wonderland is fast and frenetic and so unvarnished that it can make you feel unclean watching it.
0.6 While the Rashomon-like multiple versions of events are riveting, Cox's main misstep is to leave out real resonance.
0.875 Manages to move beyond its bloody rage by spinning a complex narrative that's one of the year's most compelling stories.
0.8 The movie has the hopped-up, sickening energy of a four-day drug binge, and it's as repellently fascinating as a pulp detective magazine.
0.875 Pure edge-of-your-seat material. It is a gripping and engrossing tale ... told with the exhilarating energy of a runaway freight train.
0.5 This sketch of John Holmes only shows a part of his world. And to reduce him to one part -- well, that's to only continue the treatment he got his entire adult life.
0.7 painstakingly teased out
0.625 This is one of those movies that leaves you feel drained, and as if you have to take a shower after.
0.6 An elusive but dazzlingly sleazy examination of addiction, selfishness, greed and self-destruction in the California sun.
0.375 The murders themselves, apparently revenge for the robbery of a high-roller, were indeed messy. But they don't hold a candle to the disarray that is director and co-writer James Cox's film.
0.375 Feverish and unfocused.
0.75 The best thing about the movie is Kilmer's charming, manipulative and utterly despicable interpretation of the legendarily endowed John Holmes.
0.4 Don't waste the bucks.
0.2 Pointless movie.
0.25 More than a film flirting with unwatchable, the music video sexiness of Wonderland is dangerous.
0.5 The Holmes story has fared better in a pair of documentaries.
0.4 The high quality of most of the acting makes this otherwise pointless and indulgent movie at least watchable.
0.4 Although it has a delectable cast, Wonderland skims over its seedy characters to glamorize drug addiction and the role porn star John C. Holmes had in four murders.
0.5 The murder-mystery plot is told in rough-and-tumble style, full of sound and fury but signifying almost nothing in the end.
0.7 Proves that John Holmes wasn't all about dingus; his other interests included drugs and sliminess.
0.5 Piles on the narrative devices, sonic distortions and gritty images to the point where all you want to do is reach out and wipe away some of the mess so you can decide if there's anything worth seeing.
0.375 Save for its basis in historical reality, there is little that is original in the visualizing of Wonderland's underbelly tour of compromised lives.
0.75 A compelling journey into the depths of hell on earth.
0.5 ...Wonderland revels in sleaze and unpleasantness...
0.5 ...sadly the film never achieves any rapport with the audience.
0.5 ... character gets sacrificed for just another true-crime drama.
0.6 Ultimately I found the film to be fairly compelling, mainly because of Kilmer's performance, but it does suffer a bit from the lack of focus that this style of storytelling often falls victim to.
0.4 Cox seems to have zero vision telling a story that should be way more compelling than what we get here.
0.625 Sadly Wonderland slips and clucks through its own artful delivery ultimately creating nothing more then a kinetic mess of a film with glimpses of genius
0.9 It hits you like a ton of dope
1.0 One of the filmmaker's most personal and finely detailed works.
1.0 Dickensian in its extravagant emotional power - with a hint of Charlotte Bronte - and some Chekhov in its melancholy.
1.0 Bergman at his most compelling, detailed and witty. An astonishing and deeply rewarding achievement.
1.0 An accomplished masterpiece, with excellent performances and rarely bettered direction.
1.0 An extraordinary drama about childhood and imagination as a passport out of dread and into mystery.
0.94 One of the Great Films by one of the Great Filmmakers.
1.0 A fitting introduction to the very personal cinema of this master craftsman, not only because it exhibits Bergman's signature themes and stylistic devices, but also because it is one of his most life-affirming films.
1.0 [Bergman] glides beyond the mere telling of his story into a kind of hypnotic series of events that have the clarity and fascination of dreams. Rarely have I felt so strongly during a movie that my mind had been shifted into a different kind of reality.
1.0 It is very much, and in the best way, an old man's movie, the work of an artist resigned to life's mystery, full of wonder at the passage of time, full of forgiveness for past wrongs, and full of understanding.
0.9 a rich and surprisingly peaceful coda to one of film's most illustrious careers.
0.9 A magical movie, Fanny and Alexander is likely to be the achievement for which Bergman will be most remembered.
1.0 A big, dark, beautiful, generous family chronicle, which touches on many of the themes from earlier films while introducing something that, in Bergman, might pass for serenity.
0.4 It feels like the longest, deathliest panto ever made -- and still it isn't over.
0.625 Maybe Harry Potter could cast a magic spell over us before we see his new movie.
0.7 Yates does a pretty good job with the heavy lifting, but there's not much poetry to this exercise that brings the story of the boy wizard one step closer to its conclusion.
0.8 Deathly Hallows is the first Harry Potter film that fully delivers on the promise of J.K. Rowling's works, expertly balancing a tricky and expansive narrative, along with quiet character moments and some rollicking action sequences.
1.0 As J.K. Rowling wove a conclusion as ominous as it was elegant in the final installment of the Potter series, so too has director David Yates in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows.
0.83 Sure, there are some rearranging and compressing of scenes and facts, but the two-and-a-half hour runtime for half a book allows screenwriter Steve Kloves and director David Yates the space to faithfully retell a really good story.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is beautifully shot with wonderful atmosphere and an appropriately dark tone, making it a very enjoyable experience.
0.8 The biggest plus of this film is that the story is brought out of Hogwarts and into a greater world.
0.875 Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "Empire Strikes Back" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them.
0.3 This penultimate entry in the series lacks the life and the imagination of its worthy predecessors.
0.75 It seems unfair to chide the entire film for one sagging act, so in the end, this first part gets a slight recommendation for its characters, art direction, and some thrills.
0.875 A terrific set-up to the final chapter of our favorite boy wizard's saga.
0.9 Far more emotionally complex and scary than any previous entry - Potter 7.1 is the franchise's best chapter yet.
0.7 Fortunately, the good outweighs the mediocre, so in the end this is one of the better installments in the series.
0.75 No more professors, no more books; no more Potter's defiant looks.
0.875 The domineering final stretch of a story that has become as much popcorn distraction as old, reliable friend is shaping up to be part family reunion, part merciless slugfest.
0.5 The magic is lost on the very young because of the films' even darker tone.
0.875 The saga of Harry Potter definitely heats up before it winds down.
0.6 Probablemente la mejor de la serie desde El Prisionero de Azkaban (2004), HP7 es una pelicula de clima denso, oscuro y ominoso, excelentemente filmada.
0.78 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I is the first entry of the franchise to really capture the essence of J.K. Rowling's masterworks.
0.8 Although it feels far too long, Yates and Kloves thankfully mix the dark drama with lighter comedy, allowing the characters to grow organically
0.625 Potter stumbles at the finish line with tepid Hallows.
0.9 The trio has clearly advanced beyond the pure buddy stages of childhood.
0.8 Judging by this first half, this touchstone series is well on its way to getting the sendoff it deserves.
0.9 Yates has been building his version of this world for two movies now, and he rightfully doesn't let up.
0.9 Fulfills the promise of Brit TV director David Yates as the perfect Harry Potter director -- and quite possibly as a filmmaker to reckon with in general.
0.8 "Deathly Hallows" is a significant improvement over the slow and talky previous film
0.7 Pretty artful, complex, compelling work for a film that technically doesn't have a beginning or end.
0.75 The grimness of Deathly Hallows replaces the lighthearted tone of the previous films ... how much of an improvement this is depends on how serious you thought the series should be.
0.8 Part 1 concludes with good and evil evenly balanced, both sides having suffered losses in pursuit of ultimate victory.
0.75 The decision to split it into two movies couldn't have paid off more. Yates finally has the time to spend with Harry, Ron, and Hermione that's he hasn't had lately, and the movie is 100 percent better for it.
0.5 In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, the tone has completed its change. The initial innocence, playfulness, and fresh discovery of magic is long gone. Horror now prevails.
0.5 A stop gap, not a movie.
0.7 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a damn fine piece of film - if I had the faintest idea what was going on in it, I might have enjoyed it even more.
0.5 Has too many plot threads to follow in its willy-nilly efforts to set the stage for the real ending.
0.8 It may be the scariest, but it's also one of the strongest in the series.
0.5 Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment.
0.8 It's not without its faults, but those glitches are largely irrelevant because it ticks all the boxes Potter-heads want to see ticked.
0.75 David Yates's third crack at the franchise goes to a dark, interesting place, even if the whole enterprise feels rather played-out, so last decade.
0.6 On its own, it's the worst film in the series since the first two... I suspect it will wear well. It was never meant to be a stand-alone movie, after all.
0.75 A water-treading sequel with no emotional momentum ostensibly serving as a setup for next summer's grand finale
0.75 It's essentially a horror movie, set in the belly of the beast, almost literally: The film's not 10 minutes old before a giant constrictor opens its fanged jaws and swallows the camera lens -- and us -- whole, plunging the screen into darkness.
0.6 If its total success can only be properly measured upon arrival of the conclusion in July, the fact that Part 1 makes that worth waiting for should be taken as some kind of victory.
0.8 While this Harry Potter is the most murky and forlorn so far, its most grave battle is the internal question between the corporate and creative types. We know why the seventh film was extricated into two, but should it really have been?
0.6 Saved by a riveting first hour, excellent cast and beautiful production, a multitude of flaws in pacing, exposition and the strange point at which the film ends puts this chapter far from the best in the franchise.
0.75 the cleaving of Rowling's 759-page finale into two separate films ultimately benefits the material, allowing the filmmakers to take their time and keep as much of the story as possible while also maintaining a taut narrative pace
0.5 The three main leads' deficient acting ability causes the movie to falter in the middle. The absence of the colorful supporting players to bolster enthusiasm is a crucial missing ingredient. The computer-generated special visual effects are...
0.8 Of all characters, Dobby (at one point the Jar Jar Binks of the Harry Potter World) steals the show.
0.75 The coasting comes in the middle of the movie, which is fortunate since it leaves the production with a vibrant opening act and a powerhouse final hour.
0.75 The best-looking and best-acted film in the series so far. Drags a bit in the middle act. Otherwise, a solid wind-up for the grand finale.
0.8 The genius of why this film, like the book, resonates so deeply is that Rowling has found the perfect junction of pure fantasy and real politics gone horribly wrong
0.75 This latest installment is almost Bressonian in its setup and execution. If nothing else, it's audacious.
0.8 Get ready for a long eight months, Potterites.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.6 Although it represents a natural progression in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 will be a slog for those new to the Potter universe.
0.75 We might sometimes take the skills of Radcliffe, Grint and Watson for granted ... they deserve acclaim for keeping the continuity of their performances intact for a decade.
0.75 'Part II' won't come until next summer so for now, if you have been a faithful follower, you won't bored at all with this installment, just a bit anxious for the next one.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is slower and stranger than any of the previous films, simultaneously raising hopes for a haunting finale while dimming hopes for a magical one.
1.0 By any measure, Deathly Hallows is a ripping thriller.
0.7 ...what should have been great is merely good, a solid prequel to the proposed chaos to come.
0.875 Yates, Radcliffe and the rest of the Potter posse are giving fans exactly what they deserve -- a powerful denouement worthy of a boy wizard who has charmed the world for more than a dozen years.
1.0 'When I say that HP7 is amazing, please understand that if it violated my love for the book, I'd be ripping it to shreds with my bare hands.'
0.73 The dark tone, the real sense of sacrifice, the strained relationships, and an ending that suggests that the good guys are utterly outmatched, combine to give this film stakes that feel like they matter.
0.722 Somewhat unevenly paced and lacks exposition, but there's no denying its stylish, exquisite production values. Avid Harry Potter fans will be captivated, thrilled and left drooling for Part 2.
0.625 Penultimate installment mostly for lovers of the books
0.6 All Yates has to do is coax decent performances out of his young charges and make sure the fantastical is a fair representaion of what happens in the books.
0.8 Harry Potter fans, your bittersweet moment is here. Fortunately, the sweet far outweighs the bitter.
0.8 Excellent, epic saga continues to get darker, more intense.
0.4 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow: Part 1 is bad on an epic scale. The worst film in the series. Period.
0.5 A meandering, downbeat steppingstone to the Potter series' grand finale.
0.75 We get to see the characters raw and frayed - almost junkie-like - without the saccharine pill coating that usually helps us swallow the bad stuff happening in Harry Potter Land.
0.875 A very satisfying blend of mood and spectacle, action and character, wonder and fear.
0.8 Childhood things ...[are] set aside as our three heroes, now young adults, set off on their own like resistance fighters in a World War II movie.
0.75 The first part of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is everything fans should expect: It is brooding, a bit scary, action-packed, sentimental, dangerous and grand.
0.875 Who needs Hogwarts?
0.625 The most disappointing of the series, but better than most movies out there.
0.75 Not surprisingly, "Part 1" feels like only half a film, but as this beloved series prepares to draw to a close, it is a mighty good start.
0.8 To the muggles among the critics who carp about this or that, this isn't for you. It's for those of us invested in this saga, and for whom July 2011 cannot come soon enough.
0.875 Readers expecting everything plus the kitchen sink - or, in this case, seven magical Horcruxes - should not be disappointed.
0.625 The build-up to part two is a fine tease to the end of a franchise that has quickly started to feel like a chore.
0.8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows lacks warmth, whimsy, playfulness and hope. And that is precisely what makes it great.
0.6 This really is a more grown-up affair, and very scary, whether with the Dark Lord's manipulation of his minions in Malfoy Manor, or in Bathilda Bagshot's reptilian stare.
0.875 It's a film of great courage and artistry, a movie ostensibly for children that's also worthy of them.
0.8 There are a number of touches that aren't just magical but also deeply moving.
0.625 This one is a long, archetypal journey that screeches to a halt a few stops short of its destination.
0.8 This is a Harry Potter film that functions as a dark, emotional character study more than a fun adventure, which will be disconcerting for some. But if you love these characters, as many of us do, you'll find a lot to admire.
0.4 Despite its enormous popularity and commercial success, the Harry Potter saga seems destined to be remembered as never quite adding up to the sum of its parts.
0.6 If the film's main job was to whet the appetite for the next one, it does that well.
0.5 Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1" delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun.
0.75 Radcliffe, Watson and Grint, having literally grown up in their characters, are ready for their close-up. They earned it, they deserve it and they nailed it.
0.75 For the first time, their coming-of-age journey outshines the special effects.
0.875 Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best installment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost.
1.0 Reclamar da "lentidao" da narrativa seria apenas um atestado da mais absoluta incapacidade de compreender as necessidades do projeto, exigindo acao inconsequente de uma obra mais preocupada em retratar o desgaste de seus protagonistas.
0.6 The three young wizards on a quest that will test their loyalties, courage, and magical abilities to the max.
0.7 I'm certainly ready to see the final entry in the series just to see how it all ends - not that years of spoilers haven't already ruined that for me - but HP7.1 hardly packs in a finale to send you home salivating for 7.2.
0.7 Deathly Hallows I actually manages to be involving and kind of artful about the boredom and loneliness of heroism.
0.625 The truth is that this film is mostly plain work, done by rote, like any introductory potions class. The real fun -- and thrills and tears -- come next year.
0.625 There's nothing inherently wrong with his initial adaptation of J.K. Rowling's seventh and final novel except for the fact that it ends with the best parts of the story yet to be told.
0.625 At 146 minutes, "Part 1" is like a director's cut or a DVD filled with bonus materials that expands to fill the available space through dilution.
0.4 ... dreary, murky and cheap ...
0.7 Warner Bros. had no choice but to split the final installment in the Harry Potter series into two parts, but doing so leaves an unsatisfying feeling when the credits roll.
0.625 Like a virgin's padded bra, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I is all tease, zero payoff.
0.8 Easily the best Potter film since 'Azkaban.' The cinematography is beautiful, the magic is fun and the characters are deep. Did Peter Jackson direct the middle section?
0.625 The upside of this, one supposes, is that when Part 2 comes out next year it will be nonstop excitement. We've already endured the iffy parts.
0.875 The best of the franchise to date, a satisfying, appetite-whetting setup for the series finale.
0.8 'Deathly Hallows' is a true epic, one can only wonder how massive the second half will be.
0.875 This is a three-jumps-out-of-your-seat thriller -- a road movie minus Bob and Bing, a gray-hued travelogue through the shoddy side England, Scotland and Wales -- bog, moor and power plants.
0.9 Even though it ends in the middle, Deathly Hallows: Part 1 finds notes of anxious suspense and grave emotion to send its characters, and its fans, into the last round.
0.7 If in past Potters -- especially the early ones -- Radcliffe, Watson and Grint were wisely surrounded by one acting legend after another, here they're called on to shoulder the story on their own.
0.5 Alas, as directed by the returning David Yates, these big chase sequences are the usual compendium of ear-splitting noise and eye-glazing edits -- again, no magic required and none delivered.
0.625 It's grim, funny in one sequence about shapeshifters, vivid in moments of violent action, nearly devoid of plot twists and marked by long patches where Harry, Ron and Hermione camp in the woods.
0.9 David Yates' fluid, fast-paced direction sends up the crackling tension of a thriller.
0.75 It's the closest the HP movies will get to a reserved character drama. My favorite parts are the tiny, dialogue-less character moments packed with emotional undercurrents.
0.9 Potter devotees will find much to admire in the movie directed by David Yates, although its sensibility is much closer to that of a horror movie than a traditional fantasy/adventure.
0.6 Rowling's flaws as a storyteller are much more evident in this film than in previous installments.
0.8 For those who have felt their emotional investment flourish over the course of six films, indulging extra attention to details is a pleasure.
0.8 Gone are the sweet hijinks at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as any "hey, look at me!" magical inventions; Deathly Hallows is all business -- taut, fraught, and fearsome.
0.7 The filmmakers...adapt Rowling's tale with as much fidelity as their budget, effects crew, production designers, actors, and common sense will allow.
0.8 Drags a bit in the second act, but it's a solid buildup to the final chapter in this legendary franchise.
0.8 Ominous and downbeat but a compelling, visual treat, this certainly whets our appetite for next year's big finale.
0.75 The seventh "Harry Potter" movie asks the most of its audience thus far, and returns the least. If you're not a fan and know nothing of the characters, the film will be a difficult slog. Those bought into the franchise will be appropriately enthralled.
0.6 The film plays more like an extended prologue than a story in its own right. But some stunning set pieces and a beautiful animated segment redeem things considerably.
0.795 Basically, you'll love it if you love Potter and you'll hate if you hate Potter, but if you're just looking for some fun in the theaters you can do far, far, far, far, far worse than Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
0.75 The movie builds erratically to the moment when the end credits start rolling. After sacrificing nearly 2 1/2 hours to this movie, there's a sense that more is deserved.
0.875 For those caught up in the "Potter" world -- and surely anyone who isn't dropped out of this franchise long ago -- "Deathly Hallows" is immensely satisfying.
0.75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 features some of the strongest, most beautifully realized moments in all of the series. In other respects, it is one of the most fundamentally problematic entries.
0.875 Kloves brings Rowling's world to life, engrossing you in the story and making your truly care about these characters.
0.6 As setup for the long-awaited climax, Part 1 does its job, and manages to take time for some meaningful emotional moments along the way.
0.8 The final book ... has been cleft in twain ... a move that is both cruel and absolutely necessary. Some will argue that the resulting product is merely half a film, and they'd be right. It's also one-eighth of the full story, so why start complaining now?
0.8 Half of the final story, yes, but a beautifully paced film that lingers in the dark magical world as Harry, Ron & Hermoine find themselves in a self imposed exile in search of the fragments of Voldemort's soul.
0.625 I'd be lying if I said I'm not eager to see how everything turns out.
0.4 If you haven't read the book, do so. This is the first 150 minutes of the final novel adaptation (part two next spring) and to me it was virtual gobbledegook.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 begins in eerie, chilling darkness and things don't let up from there, as director Yates crafts a truly terrifying spell over the Potter-verse.
0.75 Like Alfonso Cuaron, who made Azkaban, Yates and his crew are as visually descriptive as Rowling was with language.
0.7 It's not a bad movie, but it is very much a transitional one, with Warner Bros. splitting J.K. Rowling's last installment in the "Potter" series into two films.
0.75 Much of the heavy lifting falls to Watson, and, in such moments as the one where she must wipe out her family's memories of her to protect them, she is more than up to the task.
0.5 To be fair to Deathly Hallows, the filmmakers have tried hard to fill the proceedings with battles and chases and debilitating curses. Genuine filmmaking excitement, however, is harder to provide.
0.75 The high quality of the series remains. Returning director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves remain attentive as ever to Rowlings' holy text, and the mood is as magic as always.
0.75 When Warner Brothers announced that it planned to split the seventh, and final, installment of J.K. Rowling's wizarding septology into two separate films, I figured it was all about the money. Turns out it was all about the story.
0.5 More like Harry Potter and the Torturous Moping.
0.8 David Yates better captures both the playful and solemn tones of J.K. Rowling's writing, making Harry's wildest and most dangerous journey also one of great adventure and growth.
0.5 This series is really getting tired. The films of J.K. Rowling's mega-popular books were always handled with grim seriousness by the various directors assigned to them, but at least in the early films there was a sense of magic and originality.
0.3 The pervasive dark tone, the heavy-handed dialogue and the sloth-like pace of Deathly Hallows reflects the self-importance that has now overwhelmed the obligation to entertain.
0.75 It's easy to get lost in the rich, two-and-a-half hour installment, but it wraps up too abruptly.
0.8 While intriguing and action-packed, it's far more perilous, intense and realistic than previous installments.
0.875 A grim landscape for our heroes...So grim, in fact, that you may feel as if Harry, Ron and Hermione are the last survivors of an apocalyptic aftermath and Part II may be all the better for it.
0.7 Fans will enjoy the dark, brooding, gorgeous penultimate film of one of the most solid genre series ever. Casual observers will likely be confused as hell or bored silly.
0.8 The first part of Deathly Hallows has plenty of invigorating imagery alongside the pro forma narrative elements.
0.75 I could watch this stuff all night, and practically did since the movie is so needlessly long.
0.75 The film depends more on mood and character than many of the others, and key actions seem to be alarmingly taking place off-screen.
0.75 I knew magic could be dark - there is plenty of that in Part 1 - but who knew it could also be so sad?
0.8 Equal parts action thriller, political parable, and multidimensional love story, Hallows feels sad and strong and true.
0.75 The story-within-the-story regarding the deathly hallows is visualized by way of shadow-puppet style animation, and the effect is quite beautiful.
0.5 Potter's a plodder. This magician's either out of tricks or frustratingly saving them for next time.
0.9 There is suspense and action in this film, but there is also lots of room for emotion, and for the audience, a satisfying build up to next summer's grand finale.
0.8 This isn't a great movie viewed in isolation but it is near on the perfect adaptation of the prelude to this beloved story's conclusion.
0.9 I'm anxiously awaiting the next Harry Potter, and this is probably the only film series I can think of where each film is better than the last.
0.75 When a movie begins with the Warner Bros. logo crumbling in decay and ends with a defiled grave, you know you've experienced an evening of magic.
0.6 Often just seems to be going round in very decreasing circles, chasing its own fairytale.
0.6 If nothing else, this penultimate film does leave you anticipating how it will all turn out in the final film, which is a lot more than can be said about other comparative film franchises.
0.6 Good enough, even for those of us who have no idea what's going on once the plot resorts to Potterbabble.
0.6 The darker atmosphere and real-world locales makes this the most mature and humanistic entry to date, but it's hard not to miss the warmth and whimsy that has been left behind.
0.9 Deathly Hallows Part 1 is warm without being cloying; frightening without outstaying it's welcome, and it manages to prey on deep-seeded fears with remarkable proficiency.
0.7 Yates has developed a distinctive visual style and there are some striking locations in this film, landscapes that have an almost dreamlike power. And the action has an abrupt kinetic impact.
0.8 On the evidence of this, his penultimate film, the teenage wizard is getting the send-off he deserves.
0.7 An unfamiliar new setting does little to diminish the humour, heart and excitement of the Harry Potter franchise on form.
0.6 A film with no beginning and no end but a whole lot of expository middle, this is the least satisfying instalment in the series since Chris Columbus folded up his director's chair.
0.8 Deathly Hallows: Part 1 definitely whets appetites for the final outing as it builds to a stunning climax tinged with sadness and anticipation about the inevitable battle between Harry and Voldemort which will conclude next year...
0.8 Darker and scarier than its predecessors, this is a fitting and enjoyable run-up to the action packed finale, though it might be a bit baffling if for some reason you haven't read the books or seen the previous films.
0.6 Exposition heavy, Potter 7: Part One is an entertaining but flawed prelude to the real finale.
0.65 Deathly Hallows - Part 1 isn't necessarily bad but it's more than a little disappointing.
1.0 This is a superb beginning to the end of a great British success story. You rejoice that they decided to forgo 3D. The Potter films don't need gimmicks to get our attention.
0.6 The most memorable sequences in the film are not, for once, the action scenes but the acting ones.
0.6 It's gripping alright, but ends all too abruptly.
0.6 While it's by no means a bad Harry Potter movie, the overriding feeling is that it's an incomplete one. Here's hoping that Yates and his team put that right next summer.
0.6 The first and third acts are over-busy; the middle one moves like an arthritic house-elf. Still, a decent smattering of magic moments and tension's pumped up sky-high. Bring on Part 2.
0.8 Your appetite will be whetted for what promises to be an almighty showdown before the curtain comes down on Harry Potter for good.
0.8 We have watched these three growing up and their performances have never been better -- particularly Grint, who gets the opportunity to do more than just play for laughs.
0.4 It's hard to mourn the demise of a franchise that was never more than half-alive to begin with.
1.0 A towering achievement. Or rather, half of a towering achievement.
0.6 The final story may well be colourful and complex, but, on this evidence, there's absolutely no artistic justification for a two-movie split.
0.75 Carey Mulligan announces herself as a major name to watch.
0.7 Nick Hornby's screenplay is funny and sweet and 1000 percent English in that catnip-to-American-audiences way he's so good at already.
0.8 You could do a lot worse than spend 100 minutes with Ms. Mulligan. Movie fans, I give you a woman worth educating yourself on.
0.8 Humility, that most educational of human qualities, is earned and wisdom is gained, making An Education not only an entertaining picture, but an enlightening one as well.
0.34 ... attempts to impress audiences with its worldliness, but it comes off instead as an awkward, unformed teen fantasy run amok.
0.875 An unusually nuanced and mature depiction of one of those hoary movie fantasies: the older man who gets the much, much younger woman.
0.75 It's not a perfect movie, but it is an enjoyable one.
0.7 [Mulligan] brightens what could be considered a common lesson in youth vs. maturity, and makes it one worth sharing.
0.75 Carey Mulligan deserves serious Oscar consideration for her work in An Education.
0.9 It was hard to watch Jenny fall so easily to chaotic neutral David, but it was deliriously romantic as well. He wears down our resistance and we fall for him too.
0.75 As a fan of the great kitchen-sink dramas and British coming-of-age films of the 1960s, I loved this throwback to that glorious time in British filmmaking.
0.75 The film's greatest strength may well be how Sarsgaard's David, in concert with Hornby and Scherfig, seduces the audience along with Jenny, promising the world and leaving temptingly unlocked a Pandora's Box of social ambiguity.
0.875 In a film marked by strong performances Carey Mulligan is a show-stealer, with a career-making performance that relies as much on charm as on acting ability.
0.6 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.875 Here, you see a family collectively come to appreciate the strength of a heart scarred over and the blossoming of a woman (and actress Carey Mulligan) who learns that pie-in-the-sky predictions for a future can sock even the most sensible among us.
0.8 Scherfig transmits lessons of morality and irony in a well cast and produced ensemble piece.
0.875 The screenplay by author Nick Hornby is exceptional: Witty, observant and wise.
0.6 An Education souleve plusieurs questions pertinentes sur les rudiments de la vie et de l'amour, sans toutefois reussir a repondre a chacune d'entre elles.
1.0 Mulligan completely owns "An Education," giving one of the most self-assured breakout performances in years. And the best thing is that the movie, an elegant and sharply observed coming-of-age story, measures up to her performance.
0.875 In what is her first but certainly not last starring role, Mulligan is so natural that you wonder why it took filmmakers so long to give her a role this substantive. The 20-something is sure to be on the mind of Oscar and other awards voters.
0.8 "An Education" is worth seeing, mostly for its superb period detail and the strong performance at its center.
0.9 Scherfig and Hornby have a winningly droll sense of humor, but the main reason to see An Education is because they treat viewers as if they were as intelligent as Jenny.
0.875 Coming-of-age movies are a dime-a-dozen, but one as exemplary as An Education deserves nothing less than the opportunity to command top dollar on the open market.
0.875 This cinematic gem is an ironclad lock to be nominated for best picture of the year.
0.875 The message proves surprisingly conventional, but its delivery is entirely pleasurable.
0.75 A handsomely crafted and beautifully acted awakening story that's predictable but consistently rewarding.
0.86 ...about the British preoccupation with status, about the aspirant bourgeois and the outliers who exist beyond convention, in a moveable feast of booze, sex and petty criminality.
0.875 Mulligan perfectly balances on the line of girlhood and womanhood, shifting naturally from schoolgirl innocence to Audrey Hepburn-like sophistication just by putting up her hair.
0.9 A good deal of this works because of Mulligan, who deserves every accolade and Audrey Hepburn comparison she's received for her performance.
0.9 ...a complex and morally ambiguous story which rewards the audience's attention without resorting to pushing their buttons.
0.8 Everything about Scherfig's coming-of-age story about a girl in the London suburb of Twickenham in 1961 is spot-on.
1.0 The combination of a literate script, an adroit cast and an economical style is simple addition that achieves an alchemical feat: the best film of the year.
0.8 An Education offers plenty to enjoy and admire. It's full of first-rate performances.
0.9 This film is carried on the slender shoulders of Mulligan, a 22-year-old actress who captures both the child and the woman, creating an indelible performance we can't easily forget.
0.9 A love story that simultaneously left me speechless and with a mouth full of words. Mulligan's performance is the best I have seen from an actress in 2009.
0.75 A beguiling little film that, with deceptive restraint and forthrightness, opens up worlds of roiling, contradictory emotions.
1.0 Many have come close, but An Education is the first film this year to grab me by the lapel and whisk me along with its characters...
1.0 The movie belongs to Mulligan, whose Jenny looks like Audrey Hepburn when she puts her hair up and dons a black dress, and like every teenage girl who's had her heart broken when she cries.
0.75 Simultaneously an education and a thrill.
0.75 Scherfig and Hornby craft a portrait of an era whose innocence is overstated without resorting to sepia tinged nostalgia. The result is a snapshot of how we become who we become, as a vibrant and affectionate act of memory.
0.875 An Education argues that life -- and the human heart -- are far too complicated merely to be studied. They need to be experienced.
0.9 An Education is just what the title promises, and a delight, as well.
0.75 A resonant coming-of-age story, at once tough and delicate, that signifies how much times have changed in the proceeding fifty years, and, in other ways, how much they have stayed the same.
0.75 A slightly incomplete, though mostly rewarding, education.
0.9 Technical elements are among the best this year. Photography, editing, music, production design, and costumes all add seamless period flavor to the puritanical stew that was London almost a half-century ago.
0.9 t gives a glimmering surface sheen to the glamorous mirage of David's high life and all but asks, "Would you make a better choice?"
0.6 A decent but unremarkable film with a big, unforgettable central performance. Carey Mulligan passes with First-Class Honours.
0.8 Danish director Scherfig and star Mulligan give the film considerable weight by surrounding this lightly played, strange romance with both an acute understanding of Barber's endearing screen alter ego.
0.9 It'll be a strange person who doesn't find An Education entertaining, and a stranger man still who denies it the success it's sure to enjoy.
1.0 This is a wonderful, life-affirming picture that deserves all the prizes it will undoubtedly win. I can't call it the best British film of the year because it's still only October. But I'd be amazed if a better one comes along.
0.8 A sad, painful comedy, and the lovely performance from Mulligan makes it a very enjoyable film.
0.8 A delightful, resonant film, a great advertisement for Scherfig's self-effacing, but socially probing, directorial style, and a beguiling introduction to Mulligan.
0.8 What began as a tale of innocence lost ends with a sense of exciting discovery. Because the lesson to take away from An Education is that a new star has been found.
0.8 What makes An Education so memorable is that it's a study of a teenage girl that looks beyond face value.
0.8 Much more than a simple cautionary tale, An Education captures the giddy hopes and fears of adolescence, and the dawn of the most transforming decade in recent memory.
0.8 The film's a gem - and [Carey Mulligan's] performance is an education in itself.
0.8 It sounds like a creepy tale of a teenage schoolgirl seduced by a pervert. But it's also one of this year's most captivating British dramas, with a breakthrough turn from an actress we'll be seeing a lot more of.
0.8 Few films set in this period get the social furniture so right, and it's a refreshingly new look at a time pregnant with expectation.
1.0 A hit movie that's small in scale, but big in heart - the most charming British film of the year.
0.8 Veteran journalist Lynn Barber's memoir of a teenage romance makes a pleasing transition to the big screen. Yet, while it's well acted and tautly paced, you never quite shake the feeling you're watching a two-parter on BBC2.
1.0 An Education is a brilliant learning curve - one of the best British films of the year.
0.8 Gymslip love is a tricky subject to deal with, but director Lone Scherfig and screenplay writer Nick Hornby should be commended for generally getting the moral tone right.
0.8 Mulligan has a sit-up-and-watch talent.
0.8 Nick Hornby's screenplay lays out the progress of their relationship, up to the point where David proposes marriage, with great economy and wit.
0.8 The skill of it is in allowing you to see not only how a girl's sense of herself might be hanging in the balance, but to feel how the values of an era can be drama personified.
0.8 In An Education a star is born. Carey Mulligan is simply beguiling. She has the wit and intelligence of a young Emma Thompson, the dazzle of Julie Christie, the fairytale enchantment of Audrey Hepburn.
0.8 Carey Mulligan is sensational.
0.7 Scherfig wrangles everyone into beautifully natural characterisations that make the most of film's somewhat slight approach.
0.8 Destined to be remembered as "the first film you saw Carey Mulligan in". Cos she's ruddy wonderful. And delivers one of those rare performances that can't really be faulted. Bafta glory, in some shape or form, is all but guaranteed.
0.85 Carey Mulligan...allows us to observe and participate in something truly special %u2014 the birth of a major talent.
0.8 The sort of picture that's so effortlessly entertaining that its easy to praise it purely for its superb performances.
1.0 An Education is a vibrant portrait of England on the cusp of its postwar rebirth.
0.8 The 60s period detail is spot on, the script super-knowing. A wonderful surprise of a movie.
0.85 A great, thoroughly enjoyable film, and one which I`m sure will get some Oscar attention towards the end of the year.
0.6 A standard-issue coming-of-age story done well enough and without distinction.
0.8 This is Mulligan's showcase, and she is a revelation, evolving from carefree sprite to self-assured woman, unbroken by heartache but shaped by it nonetheless.
1.0 An Education is, as the title suggests, about Jenny exploring her own desires and shortfalls, and it's too smart a film for easy answers.
0.875 The film is gentle with its judgments. Or most of them.
1.0 The point here is not to judge past missteps by modern standards, but rather to point out how easy it is to allow dreams to overtake reality.
0.6 A nostalgic, rather equivocal study of the mid-20th-century British sea change in attitudes to sex, class and culture.
1.0 [Mulligan] makes the role luminous when it could have been sad or awkward. She has such lightness and grace, you're pretty sure this is the birth of a star.
0.9 The most extraordinary thing about this engaging, hysterical and deeply moving film is how natural this supposedly inappropriate relationship feels.
0.875 One of 2009's finest motion pictures -- an open and honest look at sexual politics and a woman's place in the world during the early1960s.
0.8 It's Carey Mulligan's ivy-league performance that really puts the film in a class all by itself.
0.8 An adult focus upon a questionable pairing sidesteps the raincoat crowd and offers a telling, reflective study of learning the hard way.
1.0 Hornby's humane and humorous screenplay is true to the film's title: In short order, young Jenny finds out important truths about identity, glamour and how adults really think and live.
0.875 A living, breathing, affectionate look at all the possibilities and pitfalls of growing up.
1.0 Sensitively directed by Lone Sherfig, with terrific performances by Mulligan, Sarsgaard, and Olivia Williams, this is one of the best films of the year.
0.75 A star may or may not be born in An Education, but an actress most surely is.
0.7 The ending of the film is particularly poignant, and confirms the theme that, even if you make mistakes, they sometimes turn into memories you'll cherish forever.
0.875 Mulligan might well remind you of Audrey Hepburn more than 50 years ago in Roman Holiday.
0.7 A striking yet strikingly conventional film.
0.5 A fun production with a great soundtrack and scrumptious English scenery but the decisions are ultimately too dim to believe.
0.825 An engrossing, beautifully shot romantic drama that slightly rushed and contrived toward the end, but boasts a radiant, Oscar-worthy performance by Carey Mulligan.
0.8 Watch Mulligan's face as she goes from weary to awakened, and see it all come together.
0.8 It's a pleasure -- which I don't mean entirely as a compliment.
0.7 The movie has a distinctively modulated tone. None of the period touches are overdone, and the central issue of Jenny and David's gaping age difference is never addressed by any of the characters -- as if to do so, in their world, would be boorish.
0.875 Despite the lingering aroma of Victorian rot shrouding 1961, An Education is excitingly young.
0.875 Through stellar performances, clever writing and exquisite cinematography, the story is fresh and thoroughly captivating.
0.75 An above average example of the coming-of-age genre.
0.8 Intelligent period drama tackles mature teen topics.
0.9 Invariably funny and inexpressibly moving.
0.85 Few people who walk out of this movie will be able to forget Carey Mulligan's Jenny ... finds many layers in the way it explores the world at that time.
0.8 An Education is the rare period piece that has a real heart beating underneath it.
0.875 A quiet miracle of a movie that quickly disabuses you of the idea that you've seen it all before.
0.9 A wonderful meditation on understanding life's many choices and hierarchies and deciding to abide or rebel...Mulligan's a lock for a Best Actress Oscar nod and just might win.
0.6 purrs along like a finely-calibrated machine for its first two thirds
0.75 The first two acts are the best with the radiance of Mulligan's performance putting all eyes on her and subsequently seducing us into her discoveries.
0.8 Clever and engaging, the title serves as a double entendre about a transformative 'university of life' experience.
0.8 Even if the story gets derailed, the early part of the ride is such fun that you'll want to take the journey.
0.4 Lone Scherfig directs it all as if it were a breezy lark, so a third-act tonal shift makes for an incongruous, excessively moralistic fit with everything that's preceded.
0.75 The emotional maturity of a sheltered teen in post-war austerity Britain is thoroughly tested in An Education.
0.75 ...the film's appeal ultimately lies in its irresistibly evocative visuals, Nick Hornby's snappy, clever dialogue, and, in particular, the splendid performances from an almost flawless cast...
0.9 Although we are talking age old themes here - first love, dodgy geezers, questions of class - the material is spectacularly well handled.
0.8 The fact that Jenny's flowering, her coming-of-age journey, serves as a metaphor for the times, adds another layer of richness to a peak cinematic experience.
0.75 ...Cheaters is more than just movie-of-the-week fodder.
0.8 Strong debut from Australian writer-director Michael Henry. Tightly wound and nicely progressed, this impressive potboiler deserves a wider audience than its limited release pattern will afford it.
0.6 It's essentially well acted, beautifully shot, and the script has enough propulsion to sustain its very modest eighty-eight minutes.
0.4 Michael Henry's Blame clearly takes inspiration from the greats, and the writer/director certainly recognises the ingredients required for a taut psychological thriller, but he doesn't quite follow through in the execution.
0.5 The menace is missing. What we get instead is much bumbling about in the bush.
0.7 This is a local production that punches above its weight.
0.6 There's nothing going on here that you haven't seen done before elsewhere and better, but there's still enough here that's fresh.
0.375 ...Blame primarily comes off as a stagnant, irritatingly talky drama that ultimately feels like an abject exercise in needlessness.
0.0 Do the filmmakers think we're morons? We're certainly treated as such, right from the beginning.
0.6 Compelling viewing because of the tight-lipped, bull-headed performance by John Travolta in a starring role.
0.6 Effective enough as a thriller and an indictment of sexism in its most brutal form.
0.375 No doubt about it, to divulge the plot would spoil the experience -- you'll be shocked to discover, and maybe even surprised to learn, just how lame the damn thing really is.
0.6 Travolta is trying a little too hard here, and it shows.
0.3 This may be the most gratuitous film I've seen this year.
0.5 You know that thin line between disturbing and morbid? The General's Daughter tramples it into dust.
0.5 Despite moments of mounting suspense, the film suffers from stilted unevenness.
0.6 ...the plot is too shifty, the conspiracy too exaggerated, and the ending too pat for sustained credibility.
0.8 Travolta wins hands down with his accent in a pleasingly intense performance that helps propel the story along.
0.4 A middling, so-so thriller.
0.3 A cliche-ridden formula film!
0.25 The film, which, sadly, is no parody, has more plot holes than pot holes on an old country road!
0.6 Everyone in this picture takes himself or herself far too seriously as if to prove that if you don't crack a smile or burst into laughter at the silliness of the plot, you must be a darn good actor.
0.5 The whole thing is pretty routine and, at times, downright silly.
0.7 Director Simon West seems to confuse visual stylishness with emotional resonance, moody lighting with genuinely malevolent atmosphere, and sanctimonious lip service with genuine concern.
0.375 Few use the backdrop of gender inequality more awkwardly.
0.75 A consistently involving effort!
0.625 Convoluted as some of the developments may be, the movie never loses its interest or atmosphere within the swampy, backwater Georgia town, and as summer popcorn-fare, it is unusually intelligent.
0.75 A Big Men Shouting movie that works.
0.75 West respectably stretches beyond slam-bang action theatrics.
0.6 It may not be a great drama or a great whodunit, but it's certainly entertaining.
0.25 faulted scenes leave this decent and respectable story line nearly as overpowered and helpless as its own rape victim.
0.5 There's a line at which a movie stops being about something nasty and becomes one more example of the nastiness it's supposedly condemning.
0.5 If there's anything worse than a film that's just plain awful, it's one that should be good but doesn't turn out that way.
0.5 The General's Daughter is an overheated thriller populated by actors who far outclass the material.
0.4 A muddled mystery.
0.62 It's built on excesses and implausibilities and no matter how busy it gets, these weaknesses remain painfully obvious.
0.625 The General's Daughter is a well-made thriller with a lot of good acting.
0.8 This film really succeeds with its warm treatment of ordinary hang-ups -- no life-shattering revelations or pain repressed since childhood, just the genuine, everyday trials of life.
0.75 Natalie Portman, as a 13-year-old on whom Hutton develops a strangely affecting crush, is a delight.
0.8 A film about relationships and growing older that's funny and smart.
0.75 Not a whole lot goes on, but what does go on is engaging enough to merit a look.
0.8 Wise and clever, a refreshingly different take on gender relations.
1.0 With only a few lapses, Scott Rosenberg's script is so good it outshines his much-praised Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead.
0.5 It's the women who break the monotony of this dudes-in-flux saga...
0.75 In a relationship that skirts bad taste, Hutton and Portman make tender movie magic, giving this big-screen spin on Friends its only moments of true romantic yearning.
0.625 While apt at times, often it seems overwrought and muddled.
0.5 Borrowing heavily from other, better films, director Ted Demme and screenwriter Scott Rosenberg give each of their male protagonists a case of commitment angst.
0.5 With better editing (Jeffrey Wolf) and directing (Ted Demme) the movie could have survived the script, but alas it was not to be.
0.5 A routine entry in the genre, with nothing in particular to recommend it, aside from an attractive cast.
0.25 The truth is it's just not fun to watch people make excuses for themselves.
0.62 Watching these guys struggle with an idea is like watching a dog trying to get to that unattainable itchy spot. Funny, but pathetic too.
0.875 What's nicest about the film is the way it treasures the good feelings people can have for one another.
1.0 I watched this film three times in two days and dug it more each time.
0.6 It doesn't always take you where you'd like it to go, but that's all right.
0.75 The movie lacks the stature or consistency to be truly beautiful -- but you know, it is kind of cute.
0.8 Rosie O'Donnell's best 10 minutes of her career.
0.9 This film may have been a small movie set in a small town, but its characters are earnest, its dialogue is smart and witty, and most of all, its heart is anything but small.
0.6 Dramatic story of a dog's devotion is emotionally intense.
0.8 An unapologetic tear-jerker. You might resent being emotionally manipulated by this film, but I challenge even the most hard-hearted moviegoer not to spill some saltwater while watching it.
1.0 An immensely appealing drama about the extraordinary love and devotion of a dog for his beloved human companion.
0.4 This is the film equivalent of Nice biscuits, or snow globes, or N-Dubz. You're vaguely aware that they exist but you don't know anyone who actually likes them.
0.4 Ita(TM)s an extraordinary and touching story but told with too beady an eye on the box-office for comfort - even if youa(TM)re a doggy person.
0.8 A simple, old-fashioned heartwarmer that all the family can enjoy.
0.2 Bland beyond endurance.
0.4 This is mutt mush, pure and simple-minded, for those in the mood.
0.4 Lasse Hallstrom dishes up more classy mediocrity with this brazenly uncomplicated treat for dog lovers.
0.6 The subsequent tragic events are moving rather than just manipulative, while the bond between man and canine is treated with a tender gravitas that might surprise those expecting merely some doggie-themed weepie.
0.2 The man who once directed What's Eating Gilbert Grape? is now the Hallmark greeting card of movie-makers.
0.2 It's not a story that could ever move me: all I see in it is a dumb animal who doesn't know any better.
0.6 Come the sniffly denouement, it would take a hard heart not to be won over. Even cynics might find their noses a little wet.
0.6 In the canon of recent canine cinema, there are far worse movies than this.
0.6 Sensitively directed and rarely over-sentimental, this touching parable will likely ravish the emotions of dog lovers.
0.8 Not a dry eye in the house - but not irritating schmaltz either.
0.85 ...a warm and winning family movie about a scholar (Richard Gere) who discovers a lost Akita puppy on his way home from work.
0.4 This is warm hearted, well acted and nicely shot and the dog is undeniably cute but the story is ultimately too slight to sustain a 90 minute film.
1.0 ...the most gut-wrenching tearjerker to come around in quite some time...
0.7 The unyielding lens catches even the smallest moments of yielding as the two humans, one so young and one so old, one so eager and one so broken, come to appreciate each other.
0.75 The film has a sweetness that stops short of sentimentality.
0.75 Quiet yet wonderfully curious, bold but not bratty, this moon-faced little girl captures the subconsciously tarnished innocence of a child accustomed to having the blues...
0.5 Although well acted with a strong sense of naturalism, the film is as light and ephemeral as the [butterfly] itself.
0.625 The story is as predictable as a hot summer in South Florida, but if you're in need of comfort, Le Papillon is a good choice.
0.7 Apparently, I can appreciate a good natured movie in which a sweet attachment and fluttering butterflies pervade the landscape.
0.9 An exceptionally satisfying film of much grace and beauty.
0.25 Just once, I'd like to see a foreign film about a cranky old person and an adorable tyke who don't become pals and change each other's lives.
0.625 Depending on your perspective, this French family drama will either feel sweetly sentimental or shamelessly manipulative.
0.6 Beautiful scenery and a strong cast help director Philippe Muyl overcome a less-then-compelling script.
0.75 Sure to please children and adults.
0.6 Its combination of psychological insight and emotional restraint helps it transcend sentimentality.
0.5 It's all very sweet and occasionally touching. More lasting shots of more beautiful butterflies would have added a lot, though.
0.625 Worth seeing, especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine, but don't go in expecting a laugh a minute.
0.7 It's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least, how to lose your soul with grace.
0.6 In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office, any reminder of Hollywood's clueless cynicism is more than welcome.
0.5 What Just Happened, despite an air of crisis, feels sluggish and plodding.
0.5 An insider's Hollywood story, Barry Levinson's film lacks the bite of other admired "movie movies", such as The Player, or way back, The Bad and the Beautiful.
0.5 I don't think it's particularly funny and I think that's the problem with the film. I think it wants to be funny.
0.6 It's a shame that the film doesn't ever really take off into the stratosphere, because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing. But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film.
0.6 A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro, who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many, many years.
0.5 Based on the Art Linson autobiography, this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap.
0.4 prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima, tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio, [...] sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario, kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg
0.75 More understated than sidesplitting, this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended, its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding.
0.5 There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood, but many of the jokes, including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing, falls flat.
0.625 Polished, coherent, rich with internal consistency... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies
0.4 Director Barry Levinson's What Just Happened? is about spoiled brats. But it's amusing.
0.6 Ao contrario do recente The Deal, este filme nao exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood (uma clara hipocrisia), o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela producao %u2013 ambos esforcos terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador.
0.625 Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops, Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness.
0.75 This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain.
0.84 ...has small delicious moments, but it's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either don't much care about or actively dislike.
0.6 A playful industry satire made by victors. That's actually pretty cold when you think about it.
0.5 A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu.
0.6 Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player, What Just Happened? is flyweight. De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role, but he's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm.
0.8 The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened? is a worthy rival. It's also great fun.
0.4 Well, what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film.
0.4 It's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it's been done before...and an awful lot better.
0.6 Linson has drawn his fangs, opting for mild, Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up.
0.4 As a satire on Tinseltown, it's toothless.
0.8 A send-up of Hollywood and its stars, this is the best film industry satire since The Player. Funnier, too.
0.6 It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form. Perhaps, though, you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes.
0.6 Levinson keeps the pace sharp, and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money.
0.4 More cold than cute, De Niro's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be.
0.6 Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast, though it's a shame it's not a little more daring.
0.8 Taken from his own memoirs, Linson's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
0.7 By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom. Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood, he's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him.
0.4 A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck...succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us, but it does nothing to atone for the results
0.625 Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets.
0.375 The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative, knowing chuckles. The local auditorium where the movie opens today, however, is probably just going to echo.
0.7 Not something to be taken too seriously, De Niro's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro
0.3 What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting.
0.75 The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire, but "What Just Happened?" rings true, capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then, wondering if toda
0.1 What Just Happened? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone.
0.25 The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere. Considering everyone involved, this is a disaster of epic proportions. What just happened?... indeed
0.625 What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen.
0.5 In some ways, What Just Happened feels like an attempt to, if not make amends for moviemaking myopia, at least show how easily the contagion takes hold.
0.5 What Just Happened? has already happened and, to everyone but Levinson, that shouldn't be surprising.
1.0 The sharpest Hollywood satire since The Player.
0.4 What Just Happened is like a middle-aged Entourage in desperate need of Viagra.
0.5 The problem with Hollywood movies about the Hollywood film industry is: You've seen one, you've seen them all.
0.5 Rich, soulless Hollywood types screw each other over in What Just Happened. And we're supposed to care?
0.375 You'd probably need a veteran Hollywood psychiatrist to explain Tinseltown's fascination with its own muck.
0.6 ...not much.
0.75 Like a waning starlet fresh from her latest Botox treatment, Hollywood continues to gaze at itself in the mirror. Yet De Niro's producer adds a rare decency, keeping this film from being one more industry rout.
0.5 ...an utterly disappointing misfire.
0.75 In What Just Happened, we get a loving tribute to the movie business filled with disdain for the ethics of the people who work in the business.
0.625 This goofy, sporadically amusing satire is a career bounce-back of sorts. While [director Levinson] is not completely back on his game here, at least the film might make us forget about 2006's disastrous Man of the Year.
0.5 There are cutting laughs along the way, and Keener plays the hard-nosed studio chief with an insider's acumen, but, really, Entourage is better than this.
0.8 Movies about Hollywood are as common as Jolie babies, and there have been broader, funnier, meaner takes on the business than this one. But this Barry Levinson version of real-life producer Art Linson's memoir is more movie-savvy than any of them.
0.75 If you want to get a peek under the hood of Hollywood or just want to see Bruce Willis in a big, scruffy beard, What Just Happened certainly delivers.
0.6 What Just Happened? is wry rather than cutting, a feast of clever humor from a couple of insiders who see the foolishness that surrounds them but like it on the inside anyhow.
0.4 Less an expose than a recap of what even casual observers of the industry know or intuit, What Just Happened relies on cliches even as it deplores them.
0.7 DeNiro's days as a dramatic lead are history, but he still has a future in comedy. Catherine Keener, however, is the best thing in this movie.
0.5 A moderately funny, but largely forgettable adaptation of movie producer Art Linson's bestselling tell-all.
0.6 Showbiz satire is too edgy, 'insidery' for kids.
0.8 The adult comedy surprise of the year. A fast moving, often hysterically funny little gem about the business called show.
0.4 Sixteen years after The Player, it's apparently still all about making temperamental British directors change their endings and grappling with the casting of Bruce Willis.
0.5 It's a bit too inside to appeal to wide audiences, though there are some funny scenes.
0.625 A movie that's perfectly good, and yet not good enough.
0.75 If, ultimately, What Just Happened? emerges as slightly less than the sum of its parts, those parts are very good indeed.
0.625 It's a tossup. Your call.
0.5 A fairly toothless Tinseltown expose.
0.4 Imagine if a Hollywood satire was about any other business -- would it seem interesting to anyone outside of Hollywood?
0.8 The movie is brilliant at portraying the incredibly high stakes of the seemingly inconsequential and the tremendous amounts of money spent on it.
0.625 Even giving the film points for veracity, one is left with the movie's inherent, fatal flaw: Who gives a rip?
0.625 Eventually it just stalls.
1.0 De Niro holds this film together, not with bluster or dynamism, but with humanity. In revealing the weakness of a man who lives by the exercise of power, he restores his strength as an actor and makes you care beyond measure for what just happened.
0.8 Proving that truth is stranger than fiction, this farcical narrative delves into how egos essentially run Hollywood and how those egos are largely attached to dysfunctional human beings.
0.5 Though the movie is darkly funny, most people outside the movie business won't find themselves laughing too much.
0.4 The title of Barry Levinson's new movie, What Just Happened, is not phrased as a question, but if it were it would demand another question in response: 'Who cares?'
0.75 A scathing insider look at Hollywood...De Niro gives one of his most winning performances of recent years...
0.4 A not very fresh or funny glimpse of power players in Hollywood.
0.6 Forget inside baseball, this film comes across more like inside whiffleball than anything else--a simulacrum that looks sort of like the real thing but which never runs the risk of hitting as hard as the real thing.
0.8 feels fresh and original thanks to Levinson's phenomenal direction
0.5 Doesn't even consider itself surprising enough to tack on a question mark.
0.5 There's not a whole lot in What Just Happened? that would be out of place in a good SNL skit.
0.625 Hollywood loves to satirize itself using its own medium. But with few exceptions -- The Player comes to mind -- the laughs are rarely as wicked as they should be, and the skewers barely break the skin. So it is with What Just Happened.
0.8 It's another entertaining look at making films and a reminder that, with many of them, what goes on behind the scenes is the best part.
0.7 Coming from a Hollywood background, I'm often asked about the social hierarchy of TinselTown. Here's an insider's snappy, satirical glimpse into that treacherous industry.
0.666666666667 The script is sharp, and the ensemble cast a treat.
0.6 The draw, for fan mag stalwarts, behind-the-scenes aficionados and the film-passionate is this A-list cast delivering a few chuckle-worthy self-stereotypes.
0.5 The film could be faulted for being another masturbatory exercise in Hollywood narcissism, but that's really nothing new.
0.6 There are enough easily identifiable characters and humorous episodes that industry insiders recognize from their own experience that they will smile and chuckle while nudging each other and shaking their heads.
0.6 Really, how many times will you get to see Bruce Willis, Sean Penn, and Robert De Niro work together? (And in a comedy, no less.)
0.6 The downward ride of two self-destructive heroin addicts living on the mean streets of New York City.
0.75 Consider this a slice of the titular heaven to the hell that follows.
0.4 fails to light up the candles, let alone create fireworks.
0.625 This thoughtful first film from Israeli-born filmmaker Adam Vardy offers an interesting take on the plight of a young Hassidic Jew who, in fleeing his home and family, attempts to forge a new life for himself far from the only things he ever knew.
0.625 Vardy draws the moral conflicts in broad strokes, but as a portrait of a man torn between his faith and the urges of his liberated hormones, it has honest depth.
0.6 At its core, Adam Vardy's Mendy: A Question of Faith espouses an inanely simplistic worldview ... but it does so with a surprising amount of respect.
0.5 Less captivating dramatically than anthropologically.
0.625 It's not just Ivan Sandomire's broken English that's richly detailed, but his really intense body language, which suggests a small creature trying to find its sea legs.
0.75 Before he was Mad Eye Moody, before he took Colin Farrell to the woodshed "In Bruges," before "The Guard," the great Irish actor Brendan Gleeson was the infamous Irish crook known as "The General."
0.875 The film has little of the visual dazzle often associated with Boorman's movies, but the somber, black-and-white cinematography helps even out the often larger-than-life tone.
0.625 Enjoyable for what it is; problem is, what it is doesn't amount to much in the end.
0.75 Neither Boorman's cinematic expertise nor Gleeson's canny performance is enough to make us care about Cahill's destruction.
1.0 The most lyric crime picture since Band of Outsiders, with a sublime performance by Gleeson at its core.
1.0 The film glides on seriocomic wings and whisks us rapturously away. It ranks with Boorman's own classic crime film Point Blank (1967), and that's high praise.
0.6 A well-made film, but a hard one to actually like.
0.3 It's too bad Marvin isn't still around, to at least knock some sense into his old friend, Boorman.
0.75 The General is a great character study.
0.875 An astonishing and captivating portrait of an iconoclastic criminal.
0.8 A fulsome, fascinating piece of 20th century Irish folklore.
0.875 Boorman's film is shot in wide-screen black and white, and as it often does, black and white emphasizes the characters and the story, instead of setting them awash in atmosphere.
0.75 Veteran director John Boorman weaves together real-life incidents and fictional anecdotes to create a fascinating portrait of a man who was both more human and more humane than the legends about him indicate.
0.8 The black-and-white tones (shot on color stock) are so rich that the ski masks of burglars wind up looking like velvet.
0.8 The General is an original take on the crime genre, photographed in black and white and cleverly edited to underscore its title character's status as a legend in his time.
0.6 Large chunks of The General are completely incomprehensible.
0.7 Funny, scabrous, disturbing, tragic, and improbably life-affirming, The General travels its own idiosyncratic path with more real style and substance than the past half-decade of Hollywood gangster movies combined.
0.75 The General is sharply written, by Boorman, but its fascination lies in the contrast between the energetic, almost goofy performance by Gleeson.
1.0 Gleeson plays Cahill as an ordinary man who does this stuff because he's good at it.
0.625 The force of Cahill's personality draws you to the screen and rivets your attention.
0.75 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America...sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown, a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0.5 Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal, the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown's life.
0.875 Only an epic documentary could get it all down, and Spike Lee's Jim Brown: All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents.
0.69 [Lee] treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb, credulous, unassuming, subordinate subjects. And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring, wide-smiling reception.
0.75 A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone.
0.7 As the movie traces Mr. Brown's athletic exploits, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times.
0.375 Overly long and worshipful bio-doc.
0.3 Just shy of torture.
0.7 Heavy on nostalgic charm, but a lovely and insightful portrait of children buffeted by their parents' leftist activism in the 1970's and of Sao Paolo's Jewish neighborhood.
0.5 click for full review
0.6 You've heard this story before, but what makes The Year My Parents Went on Vacation worth seeing is the unfamiliar setting...the Jewish community of Sao Paolo.
0.8 a skillful combination of humor, sadness, and tension
0.75 ... a sharply drawn coming-of-age comedy-drama...
0.625 Joelsas' youthful exuberance carries the movie long enough to make this "Vacation" a rewarding trip.
0.6 The comforting familiarity, even in a foreign country in a time of political strife, is what makes it quietly effective.
0.875 Despite a few bits of low-key humor and some cheeky bits, the mostly charming film is actually meant to be taken seriously. And there are some poignant, surprisingly tender moments.
0.5 Director and co-writer Cao Hamburger presents all of this in such a timid and sanitized manner that one would suspect childhood wasn't a messy affair. Unfortunately for Hamburger, we've all been there, done that.
0.875 Their performances (Michel Joelsas, Daniela Piepszyk) %u2014 natural, poignant and wide-eyed about what life will serve up %u2014 are things of beauty.
0.75 A Brazilian dramedy that touches on politics, sex, family and religion but is interested in them only to the extent that they rub off on the movie's people.
0.875 An utterly convincing depiction of childhood loneliness and uncertainty, in a world I'd never seen onscreen: the Orthodox Jewish community of Sao Paulo.
0.875 Director Cao Hamburger has a warm, delicate sensibility that informs the story's commonplace events. Neither the story's drama nor its comedy are overstated.
0.75 This Brazilian coming-of-age drama, co-produced by City of God creator Fernando Meirelles, charms because it rarely spells things out.
0.625 Be patient and brace yourself for the climax; the wait is definitely worthwhile.
0.6 A gentle coming-of-age film set in 1970 Brazil.
0.75 Director Cao Hamburger, a Brazilian of Italian and German descent, treats this development with a very light hand.
0.8 The Year My Parents Went on Vacation is a meticulous, fascinating and tender story of Brazil in 1970 when revolution was in the air and the World Cup was the hope of bringing a country back together.
0.875 This 1970-set tale of a 12-year-old shaped by three driving forces--his country's brutal dictatorship, his left-wing parents' disappearance and a nation's obsession with the World Cup--pulls you into a well-observed world and its characters.
0.6 A sweet and somber film that works hard to overcome its limitations.
0.75 A pleasant mix of sentimentality and political intrigue.
0.75 The acting is uniformly fine.
0.625 It has little to do with any actual human experience and everything with re-creating experiences from other movies.
0.6 [Director Cao] Hamburger's solid craftsmanship ensures a slick, enjoyable product, even if it's too by-the-numbers to really stand out.
0.625 The film's final third contains a glimmer of a great movie wanting to break out.
0.5 The director's understatement is married to a story that's frustratingly unexceptional.
0.75 Michel Joelsas, the young actor who carries the film, is quite a find ... a fun and charming film.
0.8 An emotionally touching Brazilian film about the spiritual riches and rewards of hospitality experienced by an abandoned and lonely young boy in a strange place.
0.9 This droll coming-of-age story, set in the turbulent year of 1970, astutely captures the resilience of the human spirit.
0.5 Mauro's character is underwritten, but Michel Joelsas delivers a believable, pained lad capable of still being a child.
0.8 An overlooked masterpiece.
0.6 Melville at his best
1.0 At once a charming entertainment, a resonant character study, an ironic morality tale, and a bittersweet celebration of Montmartre.
0.75 a generally absorbing and sometimes funny look at the capricious nature of Luck
0.8 Super cool.
0.8 Its realism is not the reality of life, but of the kind of movies that give shape to the disordered lives of the people who watch movies.
1.0 Um verdadeiro classico do genero noir, o filme conta com um protagonista fascinante e um roteiro repleto de momentos brilhantes.
1.0 Bob le Flambeur (1955) has a good claim to be the first film of the French New Wave.
0.8 Melville's actually more interested in his central character's gentlemanly heroics and fractured obsession with risking everything at the roulette table.
0.82 In a world sliding toward self-interested decadence, Bob le Flambeur maintains his dignity and humanity in the face of long odds.
0.875 A brisk heist movie that embraces cinema's past and points toward its future.
0.75 less interested in the mechanics of the heist than ... the existential ramifications for the characters and how the sly intervention of fate
0.8 Textbook noir.
0.875 Watching Bob Le Flambeur in its newly restored 35mm print is a little of the old religion.
1.0 Duchesne's smooth, handsome performance puts him in a league with cool guys like Bogart, Eastwood and Mitchum.
0.75 Picture postcard film noir.
0.2 Jamil Dehlavi's film is well-intentioned but simple-minded, and the clunking script does more to muddy the issues than to elucidate them.
0.4 film is technically impressive, doing much with little, but there was a curious aspect to it that left an odd taste.
0.8 Shot on location in London, New York and Karachi, Infinite Justice uses an impressively broad canvas to paint a picture of dangerous fundamentalism and Western opportunism and corruption.
0.6 Shooting on digital video, Dehlavi moves confidently between the different time-frames and countries. There is, however, a schematic dimension to the screenplay, with individual characters representing a particular political perspective.
0.8 The heart of the film is the verbal sparring (and extended chess match) between Silverman and his captor Kamal Khan (Raza Jaffrey, neatly encapsulating the ongoing debate about terrorism and its causes.
0.333333333333 Clumsily shoehorns every hot topic under the sun into a digitally shot drama of high aims, middling production values and low intelligence.
0.4 This attempt to understand the radicalisation of Muslims means well. But it feels more like a TV-movie with its dumbed down discussion of conflitcing idealogies and the melodramatic humanity of the relationship between the prisoner and his gaoler.
0.875 An engaging film about the dangers of fracking and the crass manipulation employed by its proponents.
0.6 Gus Van Sant's Promised Land is an engaging performance-driven drama that works more often than not.
0.87 ... Van Sant's eye and sense of poetry no doubt elevate what's essentially an updated Frank Capra story ...
0.6 'You can't make natural gas from shale without fracking' doesn't quite have the same ring to it as 'You can't start a fire without a spark'.
0.5 underwhelming at best
0.6 Thee film-makers' sincerity so indisputable, that Promised Land never entirely spins off the rails. It's hard to swallow, but easy to digest.
0.8 Hydraulic fracturing might not be the most compelling subject for a movie, but it provides a topical backdrop for this engaging drama about ethics.
0.6 A gentle rather than dramatic film that, once the central argument is laid out, lacks real flair.
0.6 A flawed but watchable eco-drama - heavily indebted to a wittier anti-corporate movie, Local Hero, made 30 years ago.
0.2 Van Sant is no Frank Capra, so why is he trying so hard to be?
0.4 Not confident or bolshy enough about the subject, too aware of eco versus economic pros and cons ...
0.8 The latest film from Gus Van Sant is a thought-provoking and emotionally engaging smalltown drama with a strong script and a terrific central performance from co-writer Matt Damon.
0.6 A compelling glimpse into a world of corporate chicanery where unscrupulous business giants casually toss decent chaps like Butler into the fray to take the, er, frack.
0.55 The film means well, it just doesn't stir the soul.
0.6 Northern Exposure with Jason Bourne. Which is a backhanded way of saying this is far from the challenging movie it promised to be.
0.4 Feels more Hollywoodland than 'Promised Land'.
0.7 Quietly powerful, this has a fine cast and yet it's very much Damon's movie, as he delivers his finest, most subtly nuanced performance yet and, remarkably, actually allows himself to look, ahem, older.
0.6 As a slice of rural Americana, Promised Land works. Then it turns into sticky apple pie, leaving only the feeling that you've been had.
0.6 An earnest, fundamentally likeable film which challenges us to question what we're told rather than calling us to arms.
0.62 Worth taking seriously, but hamstrung by avoiding larger political issues and coming down to a matter of individual conscience.
0.6 Its quiet nature may give it longer legs over time, slipping its way into cable viewing, but it'll have to reach way beyond the typically urban Gus Van Sant audience to make the impact it wants.
0.8 ...neither a firebrand nor a puppyish Oscar-chaser. It's becalmed, downright mellow at times.
0.6 Gus Van Sant's fracking drama pits Matt Damon's energy executive against John Krasinski's eco-dreamboat in a battle for the minds of backwater farmers and the heart of Rosemarie DeWitt's moony schoolma'am.
0.6 In attempting to make 'Promised Land' more than a simple diatribe about the evils of fracking, director Gus Van Sant ('Good Will Hunting,' 'Milk') oddly makes the story seem less authentic.
0.7 Relateable
0.4 Promised Land is harmless but not compelling enough to warrant major attention.
0.8 Touching and believable.
0.375 The end result is simply a fracking mess.
0.6 While Damon and Krasinski have penned likable, real characters, the story surrounding them is only sporadically compelling.
0.5 A one sided look at the argument against drilling for natural gas; Damon needs to entertain and stay off his soapbox.
0.7 Damon and Krasinski have crafted a very well thought out tale, one that comes across as "Local Hero" meets "Erin Brockovich."
0.5 It's rather unfortunate to note that Promised Land eventually becomes as one-sided as its premise might've indicated...
0.7 This is a solid if at times too conventional tale of a classic moral conflict.
0.875 Promised Land actually delivers a compelling human drama along with its message.
0.75 The drama can be funny and romantic and occasionally moving. It has a bigger message about fracking and the environment, and big companies and small towns, and while Promised Land is not a great film, such ambition is not its intention.
0.75 [It's mostly] a well-wrought drama that feels genuine as it goes about spinning a tale worthy of our challenging times.
0.6 Promised Land doesn't offer great drama, nor does it offer the great debate on fracking that some viewers might have been hoping for. Yet, the film has lots of small moments that make it a worthy effort.
0.6 Maybe it would just be easier to say that "Promised Land" is a movie that flirts equally with greatness and dreadfulness.
0.65 Promised Land attempts to present both sides of the argument while ultimately falling decidedly on the side of anti-corporatization.
0.5 It's like a well-meaning sermon from a progressive but unexciting minister; you may agree with the message, but you undertand why some people prefer fire and brimstone.
0.5 Cinematically well-crafted and -acted, Promised Land nonetheless is a shallow exploration.
0.5 Sadly, "Promised Land" ... chooses to take the lazy road and simply become another member of the liberal posse that finds it easier to place a black hat on big business than to have an adult discussion about complex issues.
0.8 The acting and characters did it for me. The story? Promising. Not perfect.
0.75 Damon and McDormand are terrific as co-workers seeking the same goal, though they see their work from different points of view.
0.6 Van Sant never climbs up on his soapbox, opting instead for a soft-play, lecture-free approach that, while bordering on plainness at times, makes it easy to enjoy the story.
0.5 It's not that it's badly made, but that it is a well-told and complex story dealing with topical issues and moral dilemmas that totally falls apart in its third act.
0.5 Far too awkward and contrived a drama to change many hearts and minds.
0.625 The 50/50 split between profiteers and tree-huggers might reflect the nation as a whole, but it makes for diluted drama.
0.25 Promised Land can say whatever it wants about fracking and the environment and big corporate business. What really bothers me about the movie is that it stinks.
0.75 Damon's performance as corporate salesman Steve Butler is one of his best.
0.5 Lacking confidence that these didactic speeches will drive its message home, the film throws in a paranoid plot twist from which it never recovers.
0.625 Earnest...preachy. But where's the desperation of the farmers willing to take Big Oil's check? And what's with the blandly predictable romantic triangle?
0.625 "Promised Land" ends up being about two-thirds of a decent film, despite having problems with its characters. Had there been a little more thought put into the ending, perhaps it would have been more satisfying.
0.75 This is Damon and Krasinski's soapbox. And while there is little doubt about where their sympathies lie, they are rarely preachy while telling us.
0.625 A well-intentioned look at a fraught issue, but the Damon-Krasinski screenplay ultimately opts for Hollywood oversimplification.
0.4 I really don't know what this movie is trying to say.
0.2 Just as underhanded as the soulless corporations it's taking to task.
0.6 It's thrilling to watch a movie you expect to go in one very specific direction instead offer the prospect of something fascinatingly different.
0.5 One of several ways this ... picture falls short is in trying to sell a personal-salvation story as a salve to the conundrum it presents.
0.4 Promised Land is no Good Will Hunting (1997). It brings back director Gus Van Sant and actor Matt Damon, but it's another example of you can't go home again.
0.5 "Promised Land" offers an experience that's alternately amusing and frustrating, full of impassioned earnestness as well as saggy sections.
0.6 A resonant cautionary tale.
0.125 It's Mitt Romney in blue jeans, this Promised Land, and we've all had enough of that.
0.5 The film wants to be meaningful, wants to have topical significance and emotional heft, but it arrives mostly empty, and in a year filled with great and memorable films, Promised Land is not worth anyone's attention.
0.75 A transparent message movie which might deserve to be forgiven for moralizing and politicizing, given the urgency of the underlying environmental issue.
0.6 A very nice movie on a very old-fashioned model... until it gets to the end, and the end smashes the whole thing in the face with a hammer.
0.375 Promised Land wears its ideology on its sleeve, along with its hackneyed plot twists and wholly unbelievable characters.
0.6 The movie threatens to become one of those late '60s/early '70s heavy-handed message movies, but it's somewhat salvaged by Damon's innate likability and the chemistry among the cast.
0.4 Ultimately a well-meaning effort that is simply remarkable for being so unremarkable.
0.8 A strong effort from Damon/Krasinski/Van Sant. It's entertaining, and heck- you may learn something too.
0.6 You have to respect Gus Van Sant & Co. for not taking the easy way out ... An experiment with an intriguing hypothesis that just didn't yield the kind of results they were looking for.
0.625 This is one of those impassioned message movies that makes its point early on, then beats you over the head with it, haphazardly acknowledging the shades of grey without admitting they have any validity.
0.5 Promised Land is high-minded material - but makes for a flaccid viewing experience.
0.5 It's as if the people behind Promised Land only agreed to make the movie if there was an unambiguous "policy statement" at the end, and that's what we're subjected to.
0.75 "Promised Land" is a fine place to start appreciating Matt Damon, who always makes it seem as if everybody else is acting and he's just going through the movie being natural.
0.625 Matt Damon's new film "Promised Land" starts off on the right foot - and then shoots itself in it.
0.375 Damon wants to put you in Very Serious mode and have you think of "issue movies" like "The China Syndrome," but all I could do was laugh and think of "Lolita."
0.5 Despite their Everyman appeal, Damon and Krasinski don't create much by way of emotional investment, instead becoming mirror images of their most mild-mannered, white-bread selves.
0.625 [The movie] only becomes shakier as it progresses.
0.75 Moves at an unassuming, surprisingly intoxicating pace, aware of the ebbs and flows and overall qualities that come with living outside the big cities. If only for a few hours, it's a place worth visiting.
0.5 When you add in the plot contrivances that cluster around its finale, "Promised Land" concludes as an echo of a convincing film rather than the real deal.
0.875 While there's little doubt about where "Promised Land" is going (you don't think a Gus Van Sant movie is going to side with a corporation, do you?), it's a pleasure to watch it go there.
0.5 Promised Land is a frustrating film to watch. It should be better than this, smarter than this.
0.625 It's a fine line between interesting characters and "Northern Exposure" quirk, but the movie mostly stays on the right side of it.
0.5 "Promised Land" feels divided against itself, not quite sure how to reconcile its polemical intentions with its storytelling impulses, and thus finally unable to fulfill its own promise.
0.4 The film is way too earnest to inspire much anger. Some messages are better delivered with a flamethrower.
0.5 The script is unconvincing; two key narrative twists, one related to the other, are deeply hokey.
0.5 Van Sant's direction is as subtle as the fracking process itself.
0.4 The kind of earnest, oversimplified big-issues drama that Hollywood loves to foist on audiences as seasonal proof of its serious-mindedness.
0.8 There's a lightness of touch here that makes its level-headed advocacy go down smooth as lager, and allows some quiet room for thought.
0.75 The wily script and crack cast elevate it beyond the issue-based TV movie it could have been.
0.7 A pleasant surprise- a well-directed, well-acted and nuanced look at a controversial political issue. It's a shame the whole thing just about falls apart at the end.
0.75 Promised Land is a potent and powerful look at how the stressed economy is stressing farm communities across America. Director Gus Van Sant finds the human side of a knotty issue.
0.625 A movie that feels either too long or too short--a fable that fails to grow into a statement.
1.05 I give this movie's costars and creators credit for making a "message movie" as palatable and entertaining as Promised Land.
0.75 A fracking drama that's more about the ethical dilemma facing the main character than easy answers to tricky questions.
0.7 ...a clever moral comedy.
0.6 Sensitive and sympathetic, appealing primarily to environmental activists.
0.4 About the best thing in this well-meaning but wearying message drama is that it points out (and, points out) that some tradeoffs are hard to make.
0.6 'Promised Land' squeaks by on the strength of its performances.
0.85 The refreshingly simple storytelling and authentic small town feel makes it a very special film indeed.
0.375 Gus Van Sant's new film offends for how it views the struggles of the landowners at the heart of its story as subservient to their oppressor's triumph of the spirit.
0.6 The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is an inspiring story and a well made movie. It has the historical epic feel you'd expect from a film with such scope.
0.7 If you're put off by the missionary impulse, then this film probably isn't for you-even though Bergman brings an honest earnestness to the film that's hard to resist.
0.5 Picture a cross between Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and Meet the Parents, except with a lot more attitude and edge.
0.1 0.5
"Rocky Road" may have been created out of good intentions, but then again, there's that old adage about a certain road being paved with such intentions. 0.5
0.875 ...a justifiably iconic war film.
1.0 One of Kubrick's foremost triumphs, a genuinely challenging and uncomfortable war film
1.0 While its message is simple -- innocent young Americans are taught to be machine-like killers -- its technique is extraordinary.
0.75 If his considerable achievement in this long- awaited film falls short of his Olympian standards, there is a reason that ought to give Kubrick some satisfaction. The world has caught up with Kubrick and what he has to say.
0.875 There is a real fear at the heart of this monstrously armored, desperately defensive film.
1.0 It's a great piece of filmmaking, diminished only by a second act that fails to live up to the first act of the Marines in training.
1.0 It still qualifies as one of Kubrick's most underrated pictures, and it's second only to Apocalypse Now as the best Vietnam War movie ever made.
1.0 Kubrick again turns his unsparing eye to the dread of existence...of a godless universe...of moral frailty and civilization gone wrong...[Blu-ray]
0.6 Extremely graphic, violent Vietnam War film.
0.8 It still stands as a timeless meditation on war and its effects.
0.94 Visually poetic, darkly humorous, uncompromisingly brutal, and subversive in every way, Full Metal Jacket is easily one of the best war movies without being remotely similar to your standard issue war flick.
1.0 Somehow after the decadence of Barry Lyndon and a philosophical look at horror in The Shining, Stanley Kubrick settled into a film of unrestrained vitriol and aggression.
0.6 A hardy Kubrikian effort that warms on you with repeated viewings.
0.7 It may not be the best film Kubrick ever made, but it's still Kubrick, meaning it's better than almost anything else in cinema.
0.8 Not Kubrick's best, but often powerful, particularly for R. Lee Ermey's performance.
0.8 Never as coherent as you want it to be, but the images are often indelible.
0.8 R. Lee Ermey so owns the screen that the movie loses a fair bit of energy once he's gone.
0.9 The best movie ever made about the American experience in Vietnam happens to have been filmed by an American expatriate living in Britain.
1.0 The movie warrants a response that is perhaps the closest thing possible on film to witnessing the mayhem firsthand.
1.0 A perversely fascinating movie -- one that answers no questions, offers no hope and has little meaning.
0.8 Incredible first act; disappointing third act
0.8 Kubrick does Vietnam. Not perfect, but still powerful.
0.8 Kubrick's uneven but haunting take on Vietnam. Featuring two truly unforgettable performances from R. Lee Ermy and Vincent D'Onofrio.
0.875 Incredibly realistic and immensely enjoyable.
0.9 An examination of humans at their worst that's grounded in very specific circumstances but has universal resonance.
0.75 Many call this the best war film ever, and they're not totally wrong.
1.0 One of the finest war movies of all time ... at least of the few hundred I've seen.
0.9 The director is ruthless in his depiction of combat and the process by which these soldiers come to realize that they are, like it says on the side of Matthew Modine's helmet, born to kill.
0.625 [A] strangely shapeless film from the man whose work usually imposes a ferociously consistent vision on his material.
1.0 It is humanity as flawed system -- the faulty meat run through the grinder of war.
0.75 [Kubrick's] third best.
0.4 Obnoxious monkeyshines.
0.6 A little more invention and Siddons might have created a cult smash. Instead, we're left using words like "promise" and "potential".
0.4 Well played and creepy, if a little plodding in plot and pacing, it promises better things ahead from director Alastair Siddons.
0.6 As a calling card for director Alastair Siddons, it's polished and impressive. As an experience, it requires slightly more patience than it consistently rewards.
0.4 Textbook supernatural shenanigans, confusingly edited.
0.6 Siddons maintains a threatening atmosphere and crafts suggestively with silence.
0.6 Part kitchen sink-er, part pseudo-ghost story, this has a firm grasp on the genres it casually straddles, with creepy sound design fostering a dreamy, portentous mood.
0.1 This unfunny comedy isn't worth leaving home for.
0.375 Ten years too late -- for the movie, the actors playing the roles in the movie. It's "Hot Tub Time Machine" without the time machine or the hot tub. Or the fun.
0.8 Take Me Home Tonight is a much deeper, dramatic movie than most give it credit for. And it's also a hoot, too - largely thanks to Dan Fogler and the amusing cameo appearances.
0.375 This 80s-nostalgic comedy relies too much on its big hair and bright clothes and not enough on getting inside the head of its characters.
0.5 As enjoyable as the soundtrack and general nostalgia of this film is, it just doesn't rise above wannabe status.
0.75 ...a better-than-expected bit of '80s nostalgia...
0.4 A tonally uneasy mish-mash of stale slapstick and naive representations of drug use.
0.3 Eddie Money deserves better than this.
0.4 Grace is particularly wet, lacking the charisma or the charm to pull off the shy nerd-at-heart routine needed to convince you he could actually win the girl of his dreams.
0.4 This 1980s-set comedy was shot in 2007 and has been sitting on the shelf ever since. The damn thing's so old it's almost retro twice over.
0.4 So bad, it's almost good... if certainly not great.
0.2 It's a dispiriting mess throughout.
0.6 Refreshingly, for a comedy of any decade, the characters are all likable, particularly Grace who gives his best performance since 2004's overlooked rom-com In Good Company.
0.6 Like a lot of fun nights out, you might enjoy it but won't remember a thing.
0.4 Who ever thought we'd care?
0.4 A film which has the occasional interesting scene but which fails to ever take off.
0.4 [A] moderate comedy set in the 1980s.
0.4 It takes more than just the right clothes and soundtrack to imbue a flick with genuine Eighties spirit: though the leads click charmingly, this feels exactly like a Noughties teen comedy in yuppie drag.
0.4 There's a good, snappy screwball comedy buried somewhere in the movie, but director Michael Dowse can't unearth it.
0.4 Take Me Home Tonight is pretty similar to Hot Tub Time Machine, playing for the same silly Eighties laughs but never quite getting them.
0.4 Disappointing comedy that coasts along thanks to a likeable performance from Topher Grace but ultimately falls down thanks to some poor writing, a lack of decent jokes and a wasted supporting cast.
0.4 It's an amiable but slow slice of nostalgia: think 'Hot Tub Time Machine' meets 'Superbad' - without the big laughs.
0.6 A potential cult hit in the making, call this Dazed And Confused for the Members Only set.
0.1 Moral: Parachute pants and Wang Chung are not enough.
0.5 A serviceable adult romp about a Night That Changes Lives Forever, 'Take Me Home Tonight' is a raunchy glance back at the '80s.
0.5 Tonight better left to yesterday.
0.4 ... a basically inert rehash of the standard wild-all-night-party-that-changes-everything-with-nonstop-nostalgic-oldies-on-the-soundtrack movie ...
0.75 Not the best, night ever, as the tagline proclaims, but a good time anyway.
0.3 Take Me Home Tonight, sadly, plays like something that's perennially stocked in the remainder bins at Suncoast Video.
0.3 A venal, mindless, and aggressively chintzy movie.
0.6 "Take Me Home Tonight" is not a bad movie. In fact, it's pretty good. It's just unnecessary.
0.3 This one misses on just about every angle - plot, characters. laughs. Well at least the soundtrack is good.
0.8 The film isn't much, but for those of us who appreciate anything '80s, it's a perfectly painless nostalgia trip.
0.6 A film that succeeds (but just barely), not by poking fun at the decade of leg warmers, big hair, and even bigger cell phones, but rather by embracing the charm of its endearing lead actors.
0.375 A well-acted but forgettable 'Hot Tub Time Machine' clone for the post-college set (and without the time travel.)
0.0 Movies keep getting worse. Hall Pass was awful. Drive Angry made Hall Pass seem like Gone With the Wind. Take Me Home Tonight makes one yearn for Drive Angry.
0.625 Works better when it pauses in between its shallow gags and observes the angst of the recent college graduate.
0.5 It's formulaic at best - and even that formula isn't always thought through.
0.3 Remember how funny the '80s were? This movie doesn't.
0.7 It's not high art. It's not going to move you to save the world. But if you like films from that era, you'll be laughing your ass off.
0.6 The movie works its warm, funny magic and casts a spell that's both nostalgic and naughty.
0.1 '80s rocker Eddie Money called ... he wants his song title back.
0.2 A romantic comedy set in California in 1988 that loses its focus.
0.4 The screenplay hangs a lampshade on the trope of people who are stuck in time.
0.25 A dirge of a comedy...
0.375 After the gimmick begins to fade, what remains is less than likable characters inhabiting an all-too-familiar plot.
0.5 It tries hard, but it always falls short.
0.375 They speak entirely in plot points and punchlines and seem to be motivated only by lust, greed and ego. Well, we all are, but few bring to this motivation so little intelligence and wit.
0.5 It pretends to be hungry like the wolf, yet it ends up doing the safety dance.
0.6 Its abuse of nostalgia is more frustrating than entertaining and the same can be said for Dan Fogler.
0.7 The movie's carried by Topher Grace and Teresa Palmer who, in addition to being incredibly likable, seem to have real chemistry together.
0.875 An '80s movie lover's wet dream.
0.5 A reasonably watchable immersion in nostalgia.
0.8 Dowse achieves a level of sincerity and comic bite that transcends the efficient but sometimes painfully obvious screenplay.
0.15 Nothing that happens in Take Me Home Tonight is surprising or affecting, and none of it is funny, either.
0.375 very last joke in the movie -- verbal gags, visual gags, musical cues, camera moves -- is crushingly literal.
0.6 The movie is easily enjoyable, but it's also a mindless comedy with fewer laughs than one might expect after viewing the well-edited trailer.
0.5 'Take Me Home Tonight' has just enough heart and retro party spirit to hold the line before familiarity breeds contempt.
0.625 None of this is remotely surprising, yet I frequently found myself laughing (particularly at Fogler's wild-man behavior) and sympathizing with Matt's predicament (face it, Grace is impossible to dislike).
0.375 The mystery of Topher Grace's film career, and why it isn't better, continues with "Take Me Home Tonight."
0.4 Overall "Take Me Home Tonight" represents a lateral move at best for its 24-hour party people, a step back at worst, and not worth your time either way.
0.75 Like a zippy lost treasure from the days of VHS and Duran Duran.
0.375 A bland string of pokes at fashion and 1988 period style.
0.375 The art direction and costumes are clearly a conscious choice, but if you're going to look back with affection (and/or irony), it helps to have something to say.
0.625 Completely unoriginal, sure, but watchable and even likable.
0.4 dull and painfully unfunny
0.5 Feels like an '80s relic in a bad way, and an utterly perplexing project in 2011.
0.4 ...the comic tone is both strained and straining...
0.4 It's only sporadically amusing and it's certainly not original, unless the definition of original has been broadened to include copies of things that were original twenty-five years ago.
0.5 A celebration of '80s cliches that don't deserve a reunion.
0.625 Set for some reason in a crassly materialist 1988 that combines Less Than Zero with Animal House, Tonight comes up with some inspired bits...
0.6 Smart and funny tribute to the R-rated comedies of the 1980s.
0.5 Another forgettable entry in the already overfilled ranks of middling boys-will-be-boys rib-ticklers.
0.6 Misses the Hughes sensitive-raunch sweet spot, though a game supporting cast hits bull's-eyes on lesser targets.
1.0 All of the performances are first-rate; Pesci stands out, though, with his seemingly unscripted manner. GoodFellas is easily one of the year`s best films.
1.0 In GoodFellas, Scorsese, that connoisseur of mean streets and brutish, reflexive rage, has fashioned a stunning film that belongs on the same lonely, top shelf as Coppola's Mafia saga.
1.0 Scorsese's best film? Difficult to call, though if it doesn't beat Raging Bull, it runs it a close second.
0.8 Robert De Niro gives what has come to be a typical Robert De Niro performance -- understated, sly, ingratiating. Joe Pesci, as the hot-tempered Tommy, steals several scenes from his fellow performers.
0.875 GoodFellas is a movie that savagely and thoroughly obliterates romanticized notions of the Mafia.
0.875 The most profoundly Catholic of contemporary filmmakers, Scorsese has here imagined a world without the slightest notion of sin-everything is permitted, and he is both fascinated and appalled by the total freedom of his characters.
1.0 Be prepared to be completely bowled over by a director at the peak of his talents and in full control of top-notch material.
0.75 Martin Scorsese's GoodFellas' is a good film, maybe a great film, but it is also difficult to watch at times. At times, it is so brutal you will find yourself looking away.
0.9 Goodfellas and The Godfather saga tower above their competition and deserve their place in the pantheon of American crime pictures.
1.0 Arguably Scorsese's finest hour.
1.0 Arguably the greatest mob movie ever made.
0.9 It's not only the greatest gangster film ever made, but it's also one of the most glaring omissions in the history of the Oscars.
0.9 A multi-generational tale of bad money, it is the defining American movie of the 1990s; Scorsese hasn't made a film half as good since its 1990 release.
0.94 ...one of the best-- and most influential -- American movies ever made.
0.875 Long and brutal, but Scorsese was never better at marshalling his cinematic tools to tell a story ... his definitive statement about the New York City mob.
1.0 A drama that injects your adrenal glands with the thrill of living from score to score and walking the streets with limitless power.
0.9 That Martin Scorsese's brilliant GoodFellas lost the 1990 Best Picture and Best Director Oscars to Dances with Wolves is one of the all-time miscarriages of justice in the history of the Academy Awards.
0.95 The iridescence of, and questions asked by Goodfellas place the film among the great American classics.
1.0 The best gangster movie of all-time and easily, one of the best overall flicks ever.
1.0 It was so well made that it still works today.
1.0 Brutally funny, and often just plain brutal.
0.6 Proves that not even crooks can do whatever they want-everybody is accountable.
1.0 One of the most perfect movies ever made.
1.0 Scorsese's rich tapestry is both broader in scope and more detailed than a mere recounting of the events in the trio's life of crime.
1.0 O filme traz a camera agil de Scorsese e a edicao eficiente de Thelma Schoonmaker, alem de excelentes atuacoes por parte de todo o elenco - em especial de Joe Pesci, assustador como o cruel Tommy.
1.0 A highly disturbing but mesmerising look at the joys and dangers of life in the mob. One of Scorsese's best.
1.0 One of the very best gangster films ever made and a prime example of why Scorsese at his best is irresistible.
1.0 A gripping masterpiece that's pure enjoyment from start to end.
0.95 Scorsese brilliantly juxtaposes scenes of family greatness with those of bleak criminal action. The performances are superb examples of action, delivery, and nuance.
1.0 Goodfellas is a tour de force that brilliantly evokes both the seductive glamour and moral degradation of organised crime.
1.0 It is, in a word, brilliant.
1.0 GoodFellas is an appalling masterpiece of the kind that, along with New York's current well-publicized troubles, is likely to give pause to anyone planning to make a trip to the city.
0.5 Compared to less nitpicky gangster fare, GoodFellas still falters.
1.0 It is not a coincidence that Scorsese's three masterpieces all star Robert De Niro.
0.9 This is the best mob movie ever made.
0.875 I've come around to admiring this big monster of a movie.
0.75 One comes out of Goodfellas not feeling greatly entertained but with the feeling that you have seen an authentic view of modern crime.
0.9 This cinematic gem deserves its rightful place among the best films of 1990s.
1.0 No finer film has ever been made about organized crime.
0.8 Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
1.0 Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum. What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never see the bullet that kills you.
0.875 Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
0.9 A staggering masterpiece.
0.8 At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't let go.
0.8 It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no comfortable answers for solving any of the problems it so well describes.
0.75 Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
0.9 We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never quite like this.
0.875 As we see kids of no more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't give them what they want, we can't help but pity them.
1.0 "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us. It elicits a response. It pounds away at us until we break...
1.0 Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change. Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
0.625 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
1.0 a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
1.0 "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never have known existed.
0.88 Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
0.875 Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
1.0 The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
0.8 Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
0.8 For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
1.0 Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
1.0 A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
1.0 This isn't easy to watch. But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
0.9 Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
1.0 Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
1.0 The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not really like anything but itself. And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
0.75 ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
1.0 A lung-burning dash down Brazil's mean streets.
0.875 If the traditional gangster flick has appeared to be hobbling on its last legs over the past few years, this lightning bolt of a movie proves that there are still fresh ways to tackle overly familiar material.
0.8 It's a conspicuously stylish attention-getter that heralds the discovery of a major directorial talent.
0.75 There's no denying City of God's effectiveness in dropping us into an environment crawling with deception, brutality and blind ambition.
1.0 One of the most uncompromisingly bleak films I've ever seen.
0.8 One of those rare moviegoing experiences that simply flattens you with greatness from the word go.
1.0 Hard to watch but even harder to tear your eyes away from.
0.9 A marvelous achievement that refuses to avert its gaze from the poetry and the insane savagery of the hopeless.
0.8 There's a seldom-seen passion and a grittiness in this film that educates, entertains and terrifies.
1.0 So brilliant, so vibrant, so original and so exciting.
1.0 A real adrenaline rush -- at times it manages to be powerful, thrilling and funny and sometimes all three of them at the same time.
0.75 Meirelles takes us to a real-life deathtrap and then proceeds to make us feel twice as alive for the time we spend there.
1.0 City of God does not just show you this world; it puts you into the middle of the danger.
0.875 It has a creative intelligence and swaggering viewpoint that gives this brutal street-life saga a jagged eloquence.
0.5 The question of the picture isn't what to do with the City of God, but really why do anything when such cool movies can be made from its suffering.
1.0 Even in this day and age, City of God is shocking
0.75 It rings with the kind of truths we'd rather evade.
0.75 The teeming cast is so vitally real that acting seems nearly superfluous.
0.75 A dazzling film with deeply disturbing images.
0.75 It is a great story that is told well on film.
1.0 Traffic was brilliant fiction, but City of God proves that true stories often pack the most punch.
1.0 Part Godfather, part Lord of the Flies, City of God stings with a jolt of uncontrolled rage.
0.2 Incredible editing, but leaves an awful taste in my mouth - and I am totally desensitized to violence!
1.0 It is a provocative, controversial excursion through purgatory and hell on Earth.
0.75 As disturbing as it is impressive.
0.87 A tremendous, skilfully composed film that impresses with its artistry and quirkiness while smacking you in the solar plexus with its message.
1.0 With few exceptions, real slum kids and actors from local amateur drama clubs were cast in City of God, and the result is truly believable characters and a gritty, realistic film.
1.0 Fernando Meirelles's powerful, energetic debut mixes troubled adolescence with criminal bonding in Brazil's slums.
1.0 Visually stunning, socially relevant, and simply unforgettable.
0.9 Flies at the audience like it was shot out of a cannon ... but has its own unique soulfulness as it explores a vortex of intense poverty and violence ...
1.0 City of God is meticulous in its descriptions of well-intended individuals caught up in these ferocious waves of street crime.
1.0 Some sort of Blaxploitation epic, but built around complex characters with an incredible attention to detail and based-on-real-events poignancy.
1.0 It should be considered required viewing, I think, by anyone who seeks to understand how violence begets violence.
0.9 A universal film that plumbs the depths of depravity to find truths about the human condition.
0.75 Meirelles opens with a stark image -- close-up of a knife sharpened on a whetting stone -- and, for the rest of the film, pretty much keeps us on that knife's edge.
0.875 It's a credit to Meirelles and Mantovani that they're able to pack such an epic tale into such a tight, fast-moving package without ever stumbling or confusing us.
0.8 What work best in City of God are the portrayals of the characters involved.
0.875 A shocking, deeply disturbing film made with great passion.
1.0 A grim, outrageous, blisteringly effective underworld thriller destined to become a classic of its kind.
0.75 Long and difficult to watch, but it is never dull.
0.8 Although the subject matter will be abhorrent and repellent to some viewers, those who can accept or at least tolerate it will be in store for a tremendous piece of filmmaking featuring a mesmerizing story and an unforgettable array of characters.
0.875 An extraordinary film, but definitely not for the weak of stomach.
0.875 Meirelles has crafted a distinctive motion picture -- one takes us into the streets with an unsurpassed intensity and immediacy.
0.9 The cast of unknown actors, many from the real ghetto, provides the movie with unexpected heart and humor.
1.0 Breathtaking and terrifying, urgently involved with its characters, it announces a new director of great gifts and passions: Fernando Meirelles.
0.5 There's something distasteful in the rote way this film introduces us to two dozen hapless, heartless kids and doesn't care enough to make us feel for them.
0.8 It's like a 24/7 paintball game only they use real guns and real bullets and you get no timeouts. Disturbing, fascinating, heartbreaking, and very realistic.
1.0 The violence never feels exploitative; the only thrill you feel is that of being in the hands of a masterful storyteller opening your eyes to a world that you feel truly exists.
0.5 A well-made but pointless picture, it is a non-stop orgy of senseless violence, as teens and preteens slaughter each other like animals.
1.0 Heartbreaking and savage without being affectedly artsy or lingering. It employs sound and visuals that have a knack for conveying senses of humour, rhythms of days and the auras and values of people.
0.625 Finally more numbing than emotionally shattering.
0.875 A life study of an urban landscape, from its illegitimate birth through traumatic maturity, and on into a not-quite death that, for the generations who call City of God home, is a perpetually self-fulfilling cycle.
1.0 That rare film that manages to be seductively entertaining without ever compromising its authenticity and power.
0.5 The film is as slick as any Hollywood thriller ... that dilute the impact of what might have been an indelible cautionary tale.
0.8 A violent, thoroughly electrifying vision of Rio during the volatile 1970s, and possibly the first great crime film of the 21st century.
0.7 Though the central story of City of God is nothing new, director Fernando Meirelles doesn't let his actors gather dust.
0.8 As the movie's frenetic visual rhythms and mood swings synchronize with the zany, adrenaline-fueled impulsiveness of its lost youth on the rampage, you may find yourself getting lost in this teeming netherworld.
0.7 A potent and unexpected mixture of authenticity and flash.
0.875 This is one movie in which you don't feel the long-ish running time, in part because there always seems to be a surprise (as well as a new street guerrilla) around every corner.
1.0 If the first five minutes of God don't suck you in, it's time to scoop out your eyes and get new ones.
0.875 Life in Rio's favelas is a beach.
1.0 Meirelles' astonishing film is the Brazilian Goodfellas, an exhilarating, shocking, breathtakingly brilliant, hyper-kinetic roller-coaster ride.
1.0 Sometimes a movie comes along that just floors you, its images burn so deeply.
1.0 It's a movie with all the dials cranked up to 11, an overwhelming, intoxicating assault on the senses, and a thriller so tense that you might have the red seat plush in front of you -- or even some unfortunate's hair -- gripped in both fists.
0.8 It's in love with life even as so many of its protagonists die.
1.0 City of God may offer few solutions and little hope, but its remarkable artistry and heartrending content make it a movie for the ages.
1.0 Cinema doesn't get more exhilarating than this.
0.75 This ultra-realist MTV-style spectacle has the style and urgency of Amores Perros but none of its moral ambiguities.
1.0 Harsh and extremely shocking. And also one of the most moving and forceful films of the year.
1.0 O filme certo no momento certo.
0.625 The direction is often inspired and sure-handed, even if it's sometimes unfocused or overambitious.
0.125 I hated every calculated second of it with a passion.
0.875 ...a consistently watchable romantic comedy that's certainly a far cry from its underwhelming brethren...
0.7 Shmoopy or not, the movie worked for me.
0.2 Lisa Kudrow, the designated comic relief, has never been so consistently unfunny, and Gina Gershon looks uncomfortable in every (pseudo-)inspirational moment.
0.25 Hilary Swank may have two Oscars, but P.S. I Love You proves she has plenty to learn about romantic comedies.
0.5 You get the strong impression that no one involved wanted to risk being labeled "depressing," so they inserted a lot of lame comic moments into a film that doesn't need them.
0.5 May be too womanly for a guy like me, but you don't have to be either sex to know all potential is dashed in a hail of cliches...
0.5 ...the filmmakers mean well, but instead of a celebration of life, the whole thing seems like an extended wake.
0.4 It was Irish overkill. There didn't seem to be a chronological plan with the letters, so poor Holly is just forced to sit and wait to hear from her dead husband.
0.375 Talk about uneven. 'P.S. I Love You' is more uneven than an emery board, and every bit as grating when it misses its mark, which is more often than not.
0.8 Better than the best kiss you've ever had.
0.6 Romantic comedy is too tragic for all-out laughs.
0.625 It could have been better, but it's good enough to be a solid girls' night out flick.
0.375 Lame.
0.25 Punch line should read P.S. I Love You %u2013 If you can sit through this 2 hour film and not become nauseated.
0.375 P.S. I Love You runs 126 minutes, and that extra half-hour bloats the material into an ugly mishmash in which the attempts at comedy are excruciating and the drama gets diluted by needless set-pieces.
0.4 By mid-film I was praying for Clint Eastwood to show up and take Swank off life support. No such luck.
0.375 Alas, we never buy the depth of Holly and Gerry's love because the chemistry between Swank and Butler is nonexistent.
0.4 [Hilary] Swank's raw, genuine performance stands out -- like an emerald on a compost heap -- against the canned warmth...
0.5 If you're looking for a great date movie so you can get laid over the holidays, this is the one.
0.9 This is the kind of movie that was made for the female audience and we thank you. PS, take Kleenex.
0.625 The end dedication (to the producer's late sister) reminds us that even a disposable commercial film can be extremely personal and meaningful for the people involved in its creation.
0.5 Snippets of sharp, witty dialogue are lost in a sea of sappy cliches and too-cute-for-words plot twists.
0.8 Hillary Swank makes the best of her lonely heart role but never gets to take off the gloves in an entertaining romantic drama. Supporting she-wolf Lisa Kudrow steals the show.
0.4 The film does have its share of funny, winning, and heartwarming/emotional moments, but the rest feel artificial and contrived, from the basic conceit to the various smaller elements that are too familiar and/or forced to elicit any sort of favorable resp
0.5 The movie is so bent on conjuring big, sweeping emotions that it becomes a bit scattershot, starting down way too many tear-jerking roads but never going down any of them far enough to discover any real substance.
0.2 Doesn't add anything fresh or special or memorable to our understanding of the grief process.
0.625 The supporting roles are all handled well by experienced actors, and they have good material to work with.
0.5 P.S. I Love You isn't as pathetically sappy as the title might sound. OK, maybe it is a little...
0.5 Some actors are better suited to straight-ahead dramas. Swank appears to be one of them.
0.375 It's tough going relieved only by some lovely Irish scenery.
0.375 It's the sort of movie that no man will ever go to unless dragged by a woman. His sole reward will be the sight of Swank in sexy underwear.
0.5 The talented Swank is slumming a bit here, but she could -- and has -- done worse.
0.25 This is a movie that will leave you stunned and stupefied from beginning to end, if you don't head for the exits first.
0.5 In the grief-drenched romantic comedy P.S. I Love You, things are excruciatingly amiss, start to finish.
0.5 Butler, though puportedly attractive, gives a chipmunk-chipper performance that can only be described as supremely annoying.
0.6 P.S. I Love You looks squeaky clean and utterly straight. Yet as directed by Richard LaGravenese, it has a curious morbid quality.
0.25 A protracted piece of schmaltz.
0.375 P.S. Why should we care?
0.25 Who should be more insulted by P.S. I Love You: Women, who are portrayed as shrill, materialistic harpies who fall down regularly? Or men, who are shown to be at their most romantically attractive when they're dead?
0.625 I found myself entertained, engaged and, occasionally, pleasantly surprised.
0.2 A low point in the tear-stained history of sappy, shallow chick drivel.
0.5 What's on your holiday wishlist? Is there room for a maudlin romantic comedy that brandishes its earnestness like tacky light displays synchronized to Trans-Siberian Orchestra?
0.5 Pulling our strings is one thing; taking us for a fool is quite another.
0.5 Tone is everything in a movie like this, but writer-director Richard LaGravanese, working from a novel by Cecelia Ahern, can't decide between quirky indie dark comedy and laugh-a-minute TV sitcom.
0.4 Sappy, floundering, disappointing melodrama...drop it in the dead letter office.
0.25 P.S. I Love You is blithely inept.
0.3 LaGravenese is usually a terrific screenwriter, but this adaptation (with Steve Rogers) of Cecelia Ahern's novel is almost insufferably sufferable.
0.625 No one will confuse Hilary Swank with Lucille Ball, but she's entertaining enough to keep this one from becoming a gooey chick flick
0.4 It feels like the kind of project that Meg Ryan would have turned down back in the 90's for being just a little too hackneyed and cliched for its own good.
0.2 You could go see P.S. I Love You, or you could hit yourself on the head with a meat mallet.
0.625 Has its occasional oddball charms, but it is also ultimately conventional ... and pandering to go along with them.
0.7 P.S. I Love You isn't going to break the chick-flick barrier but it packs a powerful two hours.
0.4 more of a waste of time than an enjoyed vicarious journey
0.5 It's tough to believe that any leading lady could've done much with writer-director Richard LaGravenese's lackluster material.
0.5 P.S. I Love You commits several cinematic blunders, but the biggest one may be its attempt to turn Hilary Swank into a romantic lead.
0.4 P.P.S. Don't you hate bad romantic comedies?
0.5 Shifts between earnest melodrama and zany comedy without making much of an imprint as either...In all of her frequently breathtaking talent and depth, Hilary Swank deserves better than what P.S. I Love You has to offer.
0.1 A romantic dramedy that stumbles through its excruciatingly Oscar-padded 126-minute running time with no end in sight.
0.625 A mostly overheated farrago of sentiment, self-help and romantic cliche.
0.5 What do you get when you stick a talented, interesting cast in an uninspiring chick flick? Short answer: P.S. I Love You.
0.4 This weeper that can't wring out tears.
0.25 P.S. I don't like you at all.
0.375 ...can't quite nail a consistent tone.
0.5 P.S. I Love You is the cinematic equivalent of a Celine Dion song.
0.375 A chick flick in the worst sense of that phrase, as all of the actors run around frantically, emoting like crazy while having zero chemistry with each other.
0.4 The emotional tug is lost in uninspired dialogue, trite situations, and some plot twists that defy credulity while exploring the limits of tedious convention
0.3 Even fans of the romantic comedy genre might have trouble suspending disbelief for this ridiculous bit of fluff that rarely knows whether it wants to be a serious drama about grieving or a light comedy about finding love.
0.375 There are many good actresses unsuited for romantic comedies, and Hilary Swank, despite her considerable talents, is one of them.
0.5 Unfortunately, it's as flimsy as tissue, and the actresses, all 50+, really do more with the material...than it deserves.
0.75 Thank heavens for the practical presence and humour of Bates, and the quiet conservatism of Allen's performance as a pious woman scared of too much freedom.
0.25 A film full of emotional false notes, bad dialogue and cardboard characters...
0.5 For a film about discovering your own journey, it sure sticks to the main roads.
0.5 What happens when you take 3 of the best dramatic actresses of all time and put them together in a road movie? Pretty much a movie that should have wound up on Lifetime.
0.625 Bonneville gets by - barely - on the strength of its three leading ladies.
0.6 Bonneville is scarcely original and in no way earthshaking, but its notable cast is a pleasure to behold.
0.2 Clearly, this fatiguing femme drama is Lifetime, Oxygen or straight-to-DVD grade level. To put it in theatres is a gross overreach.
0.75 The characters, situations and resolutions all are predictable and fit like a warm, stretched-out sweater with holes in the elbows.
0.4 ... to see all that potential wasted on what's little more than a washed-out, milquetoast road trip comedy for the soon-to-be senior set is just a travesty.
0.625 When you've got three of the nation's best actresses in leading roles, it doesn't matter if your script is only adequate and the audience really has to squint here and there to believe what's happening on the screen.
0.5 Patronizing an underserved audience with this kind of half-baked fare is a cinematic crime not easily forgiven.
0.6 A heartfelt drama about a grieving woman who embarks with her two best friends on a pilgrimage across the West seeking meaning and closure.
0.5 It's a shame that it's such predictable pablum, full of easy lessons and obvious sentiment. The prodigiously talented Allen, Bates and Lange give it their all, but there's a limit to what even they can do with platitudes and prefabricated homilies.
0.75 It's just great to see these three in sizable roles instead of being stuck in Hollywood movies where they pop up briefly to wash the dishes and dispense advice to the hot actress who's the star of the thing.
0.5 There are zero surprises in the road comedy Bonneville, sadly including the fact that three middle-age actresses with three Oscars and nine nominations among them couldn't find anything more challenging to do.
0.5 There's no avoiding the fact that Christopher Rowley's feature debut is as uninspired and predictable as your average Lifetime movie.
0.5 Bonneville is so bland and predictable, it literally takes two Oscar-winners and a multiple nominee to give it any real entertainment value.
0.6 Except for Jessica Lange's silent, expressive close-ups, the women's journey in Bonneville is aesthetically and dramatically unremarkable.
0.25 The '66 Bonneville was a great car, but these talented ladies deserved a better vehicle.
0.5 The kind of comfy, reassuring take on human relations that makes cynics want to growl at the stranger sitting next to them.
0.4 In Bonneville, a talented cast is wasted, falling victim to a tired, cliche-ridden story.
0.6 The actors make us happy to be along for the ride.
0.4 A tragic waste of time and talent in every sense of the word.
0.875 Is Body Double Brian De Palma's most underrated film or merely a guilty pleasure on my part? Naturally, I make the case for the former.
0.6 Classic De Palma. Stylish and Sexy.
0.8 It's a mystery, a romance, a horror flick, and a straight-faced parody all rolled into one unique little movie.
0.75 ...De Palma's expectedly grandiose directorial choices go a long way towards keeping things interesting...
0.75 Emblematizes De Palma's refusal to take Hollywood seriously.
1.0 Body Double, while not his finest, is the best candidate as Brian De Palma's signature film.
0.7 enough to portend the downfall of civilization... a guilty pleasure
0.4 Kinda stupid, really.
0.6 No one can rip off Hitchcock quite like De Palma
0.6 A minor De Palma with a few great moments and a soggy leading man.
0.8 Uneven, but underrated De Palma effort.
0.5 Ultimately, Body Double feels like a film that seems more interested in pleasing itself than pleasing the audience.
0.6 Sneaky, bloody but clever reworking of Vertigo
1.0 It offers a fascinating peek into the (not always glamorous) life of a Hollywood big shot. Full of insight, meaty tidbits, and not without humor, this documentary is one of the best.
0.8 Truly a gripping story, but for mature teens only.
0.8 Evans e uma figura fascinante, e e justamente sua narracao em off, associada a otima edicao, que transforma este documentario em um acido depoimento sobre Hollywood.
0.55 But for film buffs at least, Evans's vivid story will make them feel nostalgic for this period of Hollywood history.
0.875 Click to read review
0.625 It's fairly absorbing, because tales of rise and fall usually are, but it's not very accomplished as a piece of cinema.
1.0 I'm willing to bet ... that I don't see another [documentary] this year as richly entertaining or as cathartic.
1.0 Brilliantly crafted documentary about Hollywood legend Robert Evans may not be the unvarnished truth, but it is great, glossy fun.
0.875 If you love flamboyant people, movies or -- especially -- flamboyant movie people, don't miss The Kid Stays in the Picture.
0.875 remarkable in the sense that, for all his self-aggrandizing tendencies, Evans conveys himself as both powerful and vulnerable, still a Hollywood myth of grand proportions, but also a human being
0.8 What works best is the candid nature of Evans' remarks , which often reveal more than Evans himself probably intended.
0.75 ...it's a shame that [film]'s only appreciative audience might be those of us with memories deep enough to recall the rise and fall and rise again of one of the industry's true crap-shooting visionaries.
0.8 A self-narrated, blatantly lop-sided, cocky, nonchalant, fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary.
0.8 This movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that Hollywood calls feature films.
0.8 Its unbridled spirit and (especially) visual style shuttle us through the corridor of Evans' memories with sufficient force to leave us in a state of happy exhaustion.
0.6 Engrossing ... but ultimately felt more like a vanity project/tribute to the man than any kind of objective, well-rounded documentary.
0.83 The Kid Stays in the Picture is not simply an informative documentary. It is a witty, funny, wildly entertaining, and often poignant look at the last man to truly control Tinseltown.
0.8 A blessed gift to film geeks and historians. If the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies, this will make you very happy.
0.7 A whole lot of fun.
0.75 Evans' narration (taken from the memoirs and compiled by Morgen) makes it consistently interesting.
0.875 There's a disreputable air about the whole thing, and that's what makes it irresistible.
0.75 Even at his most obnoxious, Evans remains a fascinating figure.
0.75 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever.
1.0 For a life lived boldly and productively if imperfectly, Robert Evans deserves this trenchant, revealing, vastly entertaining documentary.
1.0 Giddy, absurdly entertaining account of Evans' rise and fall in the movie biz.
0.75 While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke, he has at least one more story to tell: his own.
0.7 Though it's equally solipsistic in tone, the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans' saga of Hollywood excess.
0.6 This is classic Hollywood, at its best and worst, sticky rich and scabrous.
0.875 This kid certainly stayed in the picture and was resilient enough to stick around and witness the rolling ending credits of his own tantalizing production.
0.875 For movie lovers, it's like an aging Lancelot reminiscing about Camelot.
0.8 Should delight anyone who ever wondered how Tinseltown really works.
0.7 I was pleasantly surprised by how fascinating this documentary is.
0.6 Gossip-magazine -level material but still this a compelling biographical documentary.
1.0 This uniquely fascinating and robustly entertaining documentary is a raffish, rollicking masterpiece of first-person myth-making.
1.0 This documentary is a dazzling, remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [Evans] had, lost, and got back.
0.875 An entertaining, slickly produced, and eminently satisfying biopic of movie mogul Robert Evans.
0.6 A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown.
0.75 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans' career.
0.75 A little like being stuck at a fellow's deathbed, listening to him gas and gas about his life -- only in this case, the guy turns out to be fascinating.
0.75 A terrific pseudo-documentary that's so engaging, entertaining and fascinating that you won't notice its message of dealing with whatever life might throw your way. But you'll certainly feel it afterwards.
1.0 It's the very best kind of documentary -- an irresistible story, creatively and elegantly told.
0.8 Hugely entertaining from start to finish, featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves, it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels.
1.0 Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses, and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all.
0.8 A near-perfect mix of sly comic moments and remarkable stories about some of the most famous films ever made.
0.875 It's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood.
0.75 The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like, but how the creative process itself operates.
0.875 By the end of the film, one suspects that you'd have a hard time finding an audience member who wouldn't love to sit down for a drink with the guy.
0.75 An incredibly entertaining movie.
0.75 A stylish, be-boppy portrait of a true individual with his own, invented vocabulary ... and his own, semi-invented take on the events of his life.
0.625 The movie's high points ... are the ones when he's most fervently selling himself, as in the delightful scene where we see Evans rescue his job (and his studio) with a suave promo film/presentation directed by Mike Nichols.
1.0 Watching [it], one of the best movies of the year, is pure bliss.
1.0 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze.
0.5 ...the film equivalent of a book-on-tape.
0.8 The audience can't tell where the embellishing is, nor should it care -- the portrait Evans paints is involving and entertaining.
0.875 Witty, charming, ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan.
0.75 [Morgen and Burstein] reinvigorate the usual menu of archival footage with a 3-D cutout style that imbues inert black and white stills with a playful, camp dynamism.
0.875 It's Bob's story, and he's so good and so experienced at telling it, you wouldn't want to ride through hell with anyone but him as your tour guide.
0.8 This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces.
0.75 Unabashedly subjective but deliciously entertaining biopic.
0.6 A snazzy kick -- it's never less than hugely entertaining -- that should in no way be mistaken for an unbiased account.
0.8 One of the funniest, and most telling, films of the year.
0.8 A witty, colorful and poignant account of the life and times of producer Robert Evans.
0.75 A documentary history of chutzpah presented in the language of oily success by a beast who knows the value of a good story told well.
0.75 Robert Evans's career in the film business makes us realize why young women would rather date producers than high school teachers.
0.4 A little objectivity could have gone a long way.
0.6 Despite its R rating, Personal Effects will not go down in history as the movie in which Ashton Kutcher boinks Michelle Pfeiffer
0.6 A forceful, watchable, strongly presented picture and a courageous, honest gesture from Fatih Akin.
0.8 Mortensen's post-Lord of the Rings choices have been an idiosyncratic mix: His my-way-or-the-highway approach doesn't always pay off, but it does here with engrossing results.
0.625 Something of a Distinguished Slog.
0.7 It's refreshing to see a sincere paean to nobility, honor, and courage, especially one that periodically elevates the pulse with expertly mounted standoffs.
0.5 Attempting to expand Camus' rather lean short proves to be a hurdle Oelhoffen can't completely overcome.
0.6 Despite its episodic structure, Far From Men is a powerful and engaging piece of cinema.
0.75 The film often suggests a less defiant cover of The Defiant Ones, yet it's a must-see for Viggo Mortensen's characteristically wonderful performance.
0.7 A movie based on an Albert Camus story. Now that's existential.
0.9 Outstanding cinematography and score and excellent acting make for a remarkable movie. The American is a must-see.
0.75 That the film through these slow, poetic paces remains engrossing, engaging, and ultimately oddly affecting is a testament to Clooney's terrific performance.
0.7 George Clooney delivers a strong but subdued performance in this slow-paced character study.
0.5 The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that it takes more than a brooding assassin to engage the audience for the full runtime of the film. Moreover, if that character isn't involved in an interesting narrative, they'll have even less reason to care.
0.875 It may not be the fast-paced assassin thriller you might expect, but it benefits more from that than anything else.
0.875 suggests that we've lost everything but our desire to be better--and in the end, it lets us decide whether that's good enough.
0.8 If you want to see a carefully paced, well-designed and beautifully shot suspense-thriller that hits all of its marks, then you could do far worse than The American.
0.6 The camera loves Clooney, of course, but it also loves watching him building a custom rifle in his shop...
0.7 While it feels like nothing much is happening, there's a lot going on under the surface, and a real sense of growing suspense.
0.6 There's a lot to value, even if it drinks a little too deeply from the well of stock Euro-assassin-movie characters and situations.
0.4 Sparse, tense, beautiful... and strangely empty. The dialogue, plot and characterisation are nowhere near as deep or profound as the filmmakers seem to think they are.
0.6 A muted thriller, weighed a little too obviously with existential angst. Still, sexy and tense, with a brave, bare performance from Clooney.
0.6 Partway between icy existentialism and retro romantic thriller, The American wants to have its cake and eat it.
0.6 It purrs evenly, like the engine of a luxury automobile, with a cool, sleek satisfaction at how stylish it is. That said, it is pretty stylish...
0.6 At its best, the film's silence and unrevealing mood of observation remind you of 'The Passenger' or Paulo Sorrentino's 'Consequences of Love'...
0.8 The greatest singular joy of The American is the fact that it's less complicated than Clooney's 2007 thriller Michael Clayton and we're never sure if George is going to explode into life.
0.4 The story is startlingly cliched yet told in a pretentious and ponderous art-house style that suggests the filmmakers thought they were making something meaningful.
0.4 You've heard of action movies. The American is an inaction movie...
0.4 The American ditches both action and thrills for moody introspection and glacial pacing, rounded off with pretentious existential posturing.
0.4 One of the most annoying things about the film is its smugness.
0.2 Corbijn does inert tableaux icy with enigma. Aerial shots of ribbony roads; overlapping facial close-ups Bergmanesque with portent.
1.0 Haunting and insistent, The American is one of the best films of the year.
0.6 The American is always coolly watchable, but the suspicion remains that there's rather less here than meets the eye.
0.8 A hit.
0.6 Anton Corbijn's follow-up to Control is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by George Clooney but the predictable script doesn't add anything new to an overly familiar story.
0.8 A pretty standard thriller framework, but one that Corbijn and Clooney infuse with mood and atmosphere, eliciting satisfying results.
0.8 Effectively an old samurai movie crossed with a Visit Italy brochure.
0.8 Emprega uma premissa de thriller para realizar um instigante estudo de personagem.
0.7 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.7 The American is a character piece, and in this it succeeds terrifically.
0.8 Those destined to fall under the selective spell of The American will walk away thinking they have seen one of the better releases of 2010. I am inclined to side with that view.
1.0 In this astonishingly beautiful piece of cinema art, George Clooney plays a steely and introspective assassin hiding out in Italy, awaiting orders and contemplating his past deeds.
0.6 The American is a character study, and an old fashioned one - it is committed to a kind of existential exploration that seems decidedly out of whack in a digital age that suggests we can be who ever we want to be and damn the consequences.
0.2 When you slow the pace of a thriller down to a slow crawl you'd better make sure all the air bubbles of implausibility have been squeezed out of your story, otherwise the audience is going to have too much time to pick at all the holes in the plot.
0.9 The American is intelligent and well-crafted cinema that transcends its generic limitations through [director Anton] Corbijn's command of film style.
0.6 The 'lonely assassin who falls in love' is too familiar a story to be interesting in its own right, and somewhere along the line Corbijn, Clooney, and writer Rowan Joffe forgot to imbue Jack with enough of intensity and conflict to keep the story flowing.
0.7 George Clooney effectively portrays a man living in purgatory in the quiet thriller The American.
0.6 In its best moments the film plays like a lucid nightmare, with Clooney trapped in a picturesque purgatory.
0.6 Corbijn's bold stab at reviving the minimalism and mystery of '70s cinema has its strengths but ultimately overreaches itself.
0.8 Excuisitely shot, with every frame impeccably composed, The American is essentially a European art-house film.
0.727272727273 In the end, it's suspense that wins out. The film has a Hitchcockian flavor, which will delight those fans. Very cool, indeed.
0.625 Corbijn extracts from Rowan Joffe?s screenplay a pensive mood of impending dread, but it can be a bit aggravating waiting for the hammer to fall.
0.86 ...a bit of a step back from Corbijn's last movie, the well-reviewed and little-seen Control
0.75 If Terrence Malick were to put his gloss on Jason Bourne, the result might be something like The American, a visually compelling thriller from director Anton Corbijn.
0.875 George Clooney stars in "The American," a foreign art-house film.
0.5 We spend an entire film never finding out who [Clooney] really is or why people are trying to kill him. In the end we have seen something happen, but we are not sure exactly what.
1.0 An American movie star, an Italian leading lady, a Dutch director and a British screenwriter pool their talents for for the best-crafted American film of the year.
0.875 Portrait of a Killer at the Crossroads.
0.75 What makes it work as a thriller is not what it shows, but what it leaves out.
0.75 If "The American" isn't a masterpiece, it's still a cool, minimalist thriller that features gorgeous camera work by Corbijn and a strong, understated performance by Clooney.
0.625 The title of George Clooney's latest would suggest that here's a film reminiscent of Mom and apple pie. In truth, the picture has more in common with Padre and panna cotta.
0.8 It feels like a character study of an enigma that cannot be truly understood or solved. And that's an admirable quality -- one that makes The American compelling.
0.6 Corbijn allows the film to crawl, preferring the stillness over a more rushed Bourne-esque action travelogue.
0.875 slow, methodical, and riveting
0.7 An Effective Thriller or a Chance for Clooney to Hang in Lake Como? Go with the Former.
0.3 George hits a new low in this dull, depressing movie
0.8 Of the most visually thrilling escapist yarns ever made. Italian golden age cinema takes on a gun fetish.
0.7 Silence is golden. Actually, in this case silence is silver, just like Clooney's salt and pepper hair.
0.66 For those willing to accept a slower pace, even if the resulting film is not exactly contemplative, The American could be a pleasurable experience.
0.6 I can't say that I was bored in The American, nor that the film is a waste of time. It was interesting enough, and it kept my attention.
0.5 While cinema-lovers can cheer a director willing to buck the fashion for sensory overload, The American can't rightly be called a success.
0.7 The good news, though, is that eventually The American does get to where it wants to be, and becomes a rather improbably but genuinely moving story.
0.75 I enjoyed, and am recommending The American as a victory of style over substance.
0.625 If you're expecting a star-propelled thriller with the usual bob, weave and one-two punch, this isn't your ticket.
0.6 It's a spare, somber, visually captivating study in stillness but not emotionally involving.
0.75 This slow-moving drama, starring George Clooney, continuously builds tension like a smoking volcano waiting to erupt, but when the expected does occur, it is not only anticipated, but a letdown.
0.75 The precision of the shots, which suggests a methodical approach to filmmaking, mirrors the painstaking professionalism that defines the lead character.
0.5 If it's half-baked Italian modernism you're after, you've come to the right place.
0.6 I found myself more interested in the beautiful cinematography than the story line. The American is extremely slow for the first two acts but does deliver in the finale.
0.5 A slumberous, glacially paced bore -- with George Clooney on the poster
0.6 ...a movie with more questions than answers, and which requires viewers to think and observe, not just sit back and enjoy the hot guns and hotter women.
0.575 Unconventionally slow-paced, low on palpable thrills and often dull despite its brilliant, exquisite cinematography. It ultimately suffers from excessive style over substance.
0.625 Meet Jack, James Bond's boring big screen cousin. Jack wears Eddie Bauer fleeces, has a pay phone instead of high-tech gadgets, and actually has to pay for sex. He makes assassin work look more boring than an H&R Block gig on April 16.
0.625 It's like ordering a hamburger and getting escargot. Which is OK if you like snail, but it's an acquired taste.
0.9 This is Serious Clooney, starring in a deliberative film that could have sprung from mid-'60s France or Italy.
0.6 It does succeed in sustaining a mix of moods (action and idyllic) that is a little different.
0.5 The dread in the film is so quickly forgotten. What remains is an urge to fly to Italy, rent an apartment in a medieval city and invent your own adventure.
0.75 Anyone who understands what The American offers should come away pleased with the final product.
0.8 It's a souffle helplessly set out in the middle of a KenTacoHut stampede, and I suspect it will pay dearly for that at the box office.
0.7 ...slow and marred by a trailer that shows the climax, gazing at Violante Placido's amply displayed body is not a horrible way to spend a couple of hours.
0.75 Clooney ... shucks off his movie-star charm and lets us see something quite different: an unsmiling man with a set jaw, an unblinking stillness and an air of quiet mystery.
0.8 personal, complexly drawn, and written with more eye than ear
0.6 Taut, mature drama examines the life of a lone assassin.
0.75 [It] has a cold, compelling focus. And -- like its hero -- when it does finally pull the trigger, it soundly hits the bull's eye.
0.625 Still, The American is remote to a fault. Like Jack (George Clooney), it seems in danger of turning to stone.
0.875 The American is a spare, tightly-wound thriller that is less the story of a man who kills for a living, than what that life has extracted from his soul.
0.2 You know a movie is slow when the only excitement and the most action is found in an out-of-place and overly long sex scene.
0.5 No shaky cam! No logic-defying stunts! But The American also lacks a pulse.
0.375 This sophisticated low-key drama has all the trappings of a foreign art house film. The languid pacing of this time waster should prove to be an instant cure for insomnia. The visual eye candy doesn't compensate for a disjointed story where...
0.6 Those small pieces may seem slight, but they add up to a satisfying whole.
0.85 Anton Corbijn made a Western, and he damn sure wants you to know it.
0.75 Clooney further solidifies himself as the modern cinematic model of the disillusioned American male
0.6 Takes itself very seriously, even though the story is filled with the same Bond-acious vixens and prostitutes with hearts of gold as any cliched spy film.
0.7 The American is ostensibly a thriller, but in a quiet mold far removed from the jittery live-wires of Bourne or Bond.
0.4 Even Clooney can't give this bore a heartbeat.
0.4 George Clooney's charisma and powerful screen presence have never been more integral to a film, nor used in a more futile effort
0.8 A bold film that covers fresh ground and impresses with George Clooney's bravura performance and the rich moral material explored in the story.
0.7 Clooney and Corbijn are so busy painting the inner portraits and admiring the Abruzzo landscape that they forget to flesh out the plotpoints. It's not a fatal approach, just a flawed one.
0.3 "I know The American is not just a Clooney vanity project, but it sure has the trappings. There are seemingly endless shots of Clooney. And there are several shots of the back of George's head, which emotes as much as his face.
0.4 Jack works out. Jack puts together a rifle as if he were making a YouTube instructional video. Though Clooney broods beautifully, we'd like a story, too. But this Amer-I-can can't.
0.5 It's gorgeous to look at, sure, but that sort of thing is a given when you're in the Italian countryside, surrounded by beautiful Italian women, and your director is a professional photographer.
0.7 The American is not an action movie in the conventional sense. It is perhaps more accurately described as an art house film with guns.
0.875 Anton Corbijn is clearly more interested in mood, atmosphere and visual storytelling than in the plot.
0.75 Much like the town that hides Jack, "The American" is a beautiful relic, an honorable homage to films of the past.
0.875 The film becomes an interesting statement about our recent government's involvement in global affairs and an intimately tense tale of a man capable of more than just the violence he causes.
0.5 So threadbare, trite and predictable that not the star's formidable charisma nor the considerable talent of director Anton Corbijn can come close to erasing its deficiencies.
0.5 There's a difference between ambiguity and lack of detail, and Joffe and Corbijn don't seem to know what it is.
0.75 The American is never less than gorgeous. And the oblique approach it takes to what is a fairly standard plot creates a mood of suspense quickened by the accelerated heartbeat of Herbert Gronemeyer's unobtrusive music.
0.75 Clooney turns in an intense performance that owes little to his usual roguish charm.
0.9 Anton Corbijn's The American looks and feels like a movie made by a filmmaker who hasn't been to the movies since the '70s -- and I mean that as the highest compliment.
0.625 I enjoyed the film for its surfaces most of the way. Its pictorial assurance is undeniable. So is its destiny as an audience-divider.
0.25 A pretentious Euro-snore that should occasion a fraud prosecution for any marketer who calls it a thriller -- and which stars an actor who seems to wish his name were Jorg Cloone.
0.75 Corbijn makes the familiar strange, focusing on details other filmmakers would gloss over.
0.75 It does for hit men what Up in the Air did for frequent-flying corporate terminators, minus the comic tang.
0.75 The film's many pleasures are in its slow reveals, the dangerously enchanting scenery being among them. There is much of Roman Polanski's cold eye for beauty in Corbijn's work.
0.8 The American, a movie as coiled as a snake and as still as a sleepy villa, is the rare grownup thriller that knows the link between peace and danger and the tension that comes from both.
0.375 The problem lies with director Anton Corbijn, who has no feel for the material.
0.625 The American strains so hard to be European -- a slower, more intellectual cloak-and-dagger melodrama -- that it winds up feeling Canadian: more bloodless and chilly than thrilling.
0.625 While Corbijn attempts to humanize his espionage thriller, genre expectations too often disarm what could have been hair-trigger drama.
0.75 Clooney plays the enigmatic title character with mature confidence.
0.75 The film from Dutch director Anton Corbijn is as meticulous, enigmatic, and restrained as its protagonist.
0.75 The beautiful Italian scenery is almost worth the price of admission by itself.
0.5 Given the paucity of serious adult moviemaking that shows up in American megaplexes, it's almost ungrateful to turn up your nose when one arrives. But this isn't that serious a movie.
0.625 Movie allusions ultimately do Corbijn in ... he breaks the unwritten rule never to show a scene from a movie that's better than yours.
1.0 Here is a gripping film with the focus of a Japanese drama, an impenetrable character to equal Alain Delon's in Le Samourai, by Jean-Pierre Melville.
0.7 With Clooney it's an interesting project. Without him, it would simply be boring.
0.75 Crisp, compact and cryptic, The American is a standard-issue hit-man thriller tailor made for George Clooney.
0.5 While many of its elements whet our appetite and make the film well worth seeing, The American doesn't manage to deliver a fully satisfying meal.
0.6 The flashy visuals tend to say a lot more than the story itself.
0.5 Paris Hilton puts more effort and thought into her alibis.
0.75 The journey taken by Jack/Edward as he walks among the stucco buildings, curving stairways, mountainous slopes and ancient architecture is meditative and dreamlike, an elegiac wanderlust.
0.8 Audiences expecting a conventional Hollywood spy thriller will no doubt be disappointed to find out they've stumbled into an art-house film, but those seeking relief from the bombast of the summer movie season will be pleasantly surprised.
0.7 Deliberately European in style and feel, the film makes captivating use of [George] Clooney's talent and charisma, basking in his chemistry with just about anyone on screen.
0.7 With so much faith in understatement, it's like a short story extended to novel length--a bit low cal in the meat of the piece.
0.6 The American is like a paperweight sitting on your head for two hours.
0.6 Gorgeously shot with plenty of beautiful scenery to gush over, but mostly dull and disjointed, more "boredom-inducing" than Bourne.
0.75 ...cleverly, disconcertingly hushed.
0.7 For a change, a thriller that explores the calm, not the storm.
0.625 George Clooney is a somber, guilt-wracked assassin hiding out in mountainous central Italy-but despite the bleak sheen and Anton Corbijn's spatial dexterity, the script goes all Up in the Air.
1.0 It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
0.875 [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
0.8 This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
1.0 Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
0.875 This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
0.875 If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
0.9 Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
1.0 A great Hollywood classic!
0.875 [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
1.0 ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
1.0 It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
1.0 The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
1.0 Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
1.0 My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
1.0 Few Christmas films are funnier.
0.8 Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
1.0 There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
1.0 A classic.
0.8 Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
1.0 A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
1.0 Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
0.75 There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
0.8 kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
0.5 The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
0.9 A comfortable, homey movie.
0.85 A delightful movie.
0.625 Napoleon and Me is always lively and often charming.
0.6 Proves a sincere, authentic, generally stirring effort.
0.5 Competent and too innocent in its own way to strongly dislike, but there also isn't much to push it above mediocrity. There's more substance in cotton candy.
0.625 Too bad much crap is needed to be waded through to get to the rather terrifically done finale.
0.5 To say this film (and any other dancing competition film) is formulaic is an understatement. However, formalism is entirely forgivable when you look at the marketplace.
0.5 ...a minor improvement over its almost unwatchable predecessor...
0.625 This isn't a very good movie, but it's probably the best of it's kind.
0.5 A dance romance with attitude that will fall short if you're expecting fulfillment in the story department.
0.6 Standard, well-made, urban dance movie.
0.4 Will dance triumph over adversity? Will love between two attractive vacuous actors conquer all?
0.4 It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
0.4 With a script cut-and-pasted from every other dance movie, this film is shockingly corny.
0.4 It suffers from a real lack of charisma, still the dance bits are good.
0.75 Inexplicably, I liked this film more than its predecessor. Wait - let me type that again, just to let the reality sink into my own mind: I actually liked Step Up 2.
0.5 This is an average story of a young woman making it on her own. No, I'm not talking about Mary Tyler Moore, I'm talking about Andi, played by Briana Evigan, in "Step Up 2 the Streets," a film that delivers just about what you'd expect.
0.4 ...a Flashdance wannabe...
0.5 It's another of the many dance movies that fifteen years from now may just be admired in the same vein "Krush Groove" and "Breakin'" are...
0.6 Electrifying dance elevates an almost boring film.
0.5 It's very hard to argue that the dancing falls short, which means that the film at least justifies its own existence.
0.6 give the new movie some credit for being a lot more fun than its namesake
0.2 A brainless piece of product that is so utterly devoid of anything not concerned with the idea of separating 12-year-olds from their allowance that it makes the Hannah Montana infomercial/movie seem like "There Will Be Blood" by comparison
0.4 The film can't resist the inevitable overstatement.
0.625 A worthy sequel--and its soundtrack [is] a worthy download.
0.4 too afraid of deviating from the typical dance movie formula. And in all honesty, it's not such a great blueprint to bother following anyway.
0.5 Only any good when people are dancing.
0.5 For all of its ragin' dance moves and rebellious talk, is high-spirited and harmless. An MC at one dance contest declares, "This ain't 'High School Musical'!" Oh, but it is.
0.5 Chu... doesn't try to do much with a script that rehashes every dance-movie cliche, with people getting served, bringing it on and stomping yards.
0.5 Predictable class conflicts and sanitized keeping-it-real bluster.
0.5 Step Up 2 the Streets posits a universe where racial and class differences are minor obstacles to fun and pretends its cliches aren't cliches.
0.625 Doesn't measure up.
0.5 Dance scenes feel like a diversion, since the story, acting and dialogue are sadly lacking in originality and substance.
0.375 Reeks of artificiality and phoney emotion.
0.5 Completely predictable.
0.6 Providing you're not hip-hop- or cliche-averse, see Step Up 2 the Streets with the right expectations and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
0.4 The dance has to be good because the rest of the movie is one long cliche.
0.2 More flare is needed to make us care about these characters who swoop, spin, and glide.
0.25 Evigan might have an attractive midriff, but she sometimes starts to give a William Shatner-like delivery of lines with odd pauses and exaggerations.
0.5 Step Up didn't front, but Step Up 2 the Streets is a poseur.
0.7 Mindless formulaic fluff with enough booty-shaking charm to qualify as a great guilty pleasure.
0.5 Catnaps are an advisable way to survive some of the slow spots. Or, better yet, wait for this to be available on DVD when the fast forward button will turn Step Up 2 into something shorter and more enjoyable.
0.5 A finale has the young people all dancing in the rain. Like almost everything else about the movie, it has been done before. But it's still foot-stomping fun.
0.7 Still loaded with action and wonderful characters, but this is the least of the three pictures.
0.8 Like an R-rated, violent Roadrunner cartoon.
0.75 Once Upon a Time in Mexico is the film I've wanted to see from Robert Rodriguez since he made Desperado in 1995.
0.6 Once Upon a Time in America is an action packed western fairy tale. It may not make much sense... but then, it doesn't have to.
0.8 An enjoyable cap to the El Mariachi trilogy that occasionally disappoints, but never mars the good name of its predecessors
0.4 This is a film with too many dum dums and not enough drama.
0.4 Assumindo as funcoes principais da producao, Rodriguez apresenta-se como verdadeiro autor de seus filmes. Pena que um nao muito bom.
0.5 Rodriguez puts a lot of mindless violence on the screen. Moment to moment the films is unpredictable, but on the large scale the plot is old, predictable, and familiar.
0.4 Rodriguez inserts loud, frenetic and oddly bloodless gun battles wherever possible and to constantly diminishing effect.
0.8 A sprawling, chaotic mess of a movie that is still incredibly enjoyable.
0.4 A shoddy Sergio Leone 'tribute' filmed from a first draft by a director who lacks the discipline to match his talent.
0.375 As an iconic image, [Depp] captures the feeling of Rodriguez's movie: blinded and shooting randomly in all directions.
0.4 gaping logic holes (baddies who kick heroes while they're down instead of killing them) and lethargic pacing make this more like That Dull Time We Spent on Vacation in Mexico
0.8 Rich on characters, but poor on plot.
0.75 Mexico has the best plotting of the Mariachi series . . . but be warned, this is still a second-tier picture that relies more on wit and technical virtuosity than inspiration.
0.625 The picture is sort of like a pinata: There are many wonderful details and players in it, but there are just as many bits that are, well, cheap.
0.75 Robert Rodriguez has wisely given each movie its own distinct flair...I like how endlessly inventive he gets with the idea.
0.625 A movie with that many freaks and creeps should be a lot more exciting than this one actually is.
1.0 A gloriously overproduced B movie -- loud, fast, gorgeously shot, brimming with bright pop-art colors. It's also deliberately and defiantly absurd -- not in the least because it's ultimately a Spy Kids movie for adults.
0.75 The first thought as the credits roll will be how you'd love to see Johnny Depp and that kid in another movie. Rodriguez may do nothing but all pulp, all the time, but he delivers it with unquestionable zest and skill here.
0.6 Where plot and plain common sense fails, Rodriguez delivers flat out cool.
0.875 Are you among my "PG-13 people?" I have a wonderful group of friends, in fact, some of my closest friends, who just plain shouldn't go to R-rated movies. The potential for violence is too great in these films. Because these nice, gentle folks have my deep
0.75 A mess of a movie that nevertheless entertains because each individual piece stands high enough on its own merits that it's not necessary to look hard at the nonsensical linking material.
0.5 Once Upon a Time In Mexico tries to be a big budget action event and just delivers a lot of explosions and gunplay with very little substance.
0.9 How this movie successfully strikes a balance between the moods of its predecessors, the tragic El Mariachi and the silly Desperado, is notable.
0.875 When Johnny Depp said America was 'like a dumb puppy that has big teeth that can bite and hurt you,' he may have been remembering his approach to his role here as a playfully dangerous CIA agent...
0.75 Entertaining with a capital 'El.'
0.5 Any semblance of a main plot vanishes. The story is just a bunch of meanwhiles.
0.375 A miserable excuse for a movie, it's almost saved by Johnny Depp's wonderfully hammy performance.
0.75 Rodriguez has given us a stylish, posturing tableau Western, based on his own mythic character, filled with full-blooded action set pieces, and set against the continuation of Mexico 's political strife.
0.77 A dog's breakfast of violence and partially developed characters, but if you can live with that, then you can have a lot of fun with this audacious, oddball film.
0.8 Once Upon a Time in Mexico is a dizzy, outrageously creative, over-the-top opera of action mayhem.
0.6 Robert Rodriguez is beginning to have delusions of Sergio Leone. Yet, when he does decide to make the film move, it races.
0.625 If "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" had a few more scenes like these and spent less time repeating the shootouts in "Desperado," the rest of the film would have more consistently matched Depp's beguiling brand of eccentricity.
0.6 "A Robert Rodriguez Flick" with plenty of gonzo fun bogged down only periodically by visions of political importance in a Vincente Fox-Mexico.
0.5 Played as a mixture of comedy (often blackened) and pedal to the metal action, the picture is a busy hit or miss affair.
0.75 Like sped-up Sergio Leone, an awesome comic book epic of a burrito Western.
0.3 As Rodriguez' hubris has swelled to Olympian proportions, so also have his films become hopelessly mired in adolescent exhibitionism.
0.625 Moves with uncanny cool; it has a strange lukewarm energy that most Hollywood action films lack.
0.625 It does have Depp to buoy it up just long enough to keep audience interest alive until the film gets to the meat of the story -- the action.
0.4 It's at once busy and lacklustre, intricately plotted yet indifferently paced, handsomely mounted but made from plastic.
0.75 Rodriguez ... has taken his work in 1995's Desperado, Mexico's precursor, and blown it up to mammoth, thrilling proportions.
0.625 Whenever Rodriguez is in a Fairbanks mood, Mexico delivers.
1.0 Despite the movie's dark humor, violence and the occasional nonvoluntary facial surgery that will drive away the queasy, Once Upon a Time in Mexico is the most crowd-pleasing film in the series.
0.5 Goes nowhere, furiously.
0.8 Rodriguez's films have always been witty, but none more than this crazy confection.
1.0 Feels like a bullfight on acid or a dish of carne asade peppered with just the right comedic seasoning.
0.6 A winking exercise in actors acting cool and the amoral joys of trigger- happiness.
0.75 A heady mix of Tarantino-esque pulp.
0.625 The Deppian touches are whimsical and hilarious.
0.75 How can you resist a movie that features Willem Dafoe sporting a tan, Mickey Rourke cradling a Chihuahua and Johnny Depp turning in another oddball tour de force?
0.7 It's hot, it's sexy, it's savage and funny.
0.7 A fun ride even if it is all style and no substance.
0.25 Shamelessly violent and shallow.
0.75 I understood the general outlines of the story, I liked the bold strokes he uses to create the characters, and I was amused by the camera work, which includes a lot of shots that are about themselves.
0.875 ...one of the best times you'll have at the movies this year.
0.8 Besides Depp's other flick Pirates of the Caribbean, this may be the most enjoyable action film of the summer.
0.875 [Rodriguez'] kid-in-a-candy-store attitude infuses every moment of this sprawling, overstuffed and giddily inventive action drama.
0.8 Robert Rodriguez knows how to mix humor and action in the same shot. It's completely over-the-top action, but that's what makes it so entertaining.
0.8 Dazzling visuals, ambitious stunts and enough raw action to please the most demanding fans.
0.5 Paying homage to Sergio Leone, Mexico aims too high and, in the process, becomes more like every generic, overplotted drug-cartel- and-revenge flick out there.
0.6 The movie feels like a jigsaw puzzle with pieces that have been wedged together with a rubber mallet. Still, large sections of the puzzle mesh quite well and deliver some solid escapist fun.
0.75 A fractured fairy tale for whom we happily suspend disbelief, right up to the best-not- believe-it 'The End.'
0.5 The action scenes have a been-there, done-that feel. And it's all ridiculously silly.
0.4 A noisy, unholy mess, with moments of wit and surprise that ultimately make its brutal tedium all the more disappointing.
0.6 Banderas inhabits the role of the mariachi with a feral grace undimished by the seven-year gap between films.
0.4 Its action often feels chaotic, simultaneously lazy and agitated, rather than choreographed.
0.7 Forget trying to follow the convoluted plot. Just enjoy the expertly choreographed action and another killer Johnny Depp performance that steals the entire movie.
0.5 It's entertaining, but if you can't stomach brutal violence and gunfire, it's best to skip this one.
0.5 Those enamored of the stylish wall-to-wall gunfights and explosions from Rodriguez's previous films will leave the theater shaking their heads.
0.625 We are meant to be amused by the film's bloodthirsty willingness to do anything to get a jolt or a laugh out of us, just as we were in The Wild Bunch, and I was amused.
0.625 The director ... has a clear knack for big action set pieces.
0.625 Even when Mexico isn't exactly making sense, it's still a blast to watch for its sheer chutzpah.
0.625 After a while, Once Upon a Time in Mexico starts having the same effect as one too many tequilas: the Hong Kong-style stunts, the goofy wisecracks, the foxy presence of Eva Mendes -- all of it becomes blurry and numbing.
0.625 A movie that goes so wrong so abruptly it's as if a meteor were heading for the set and everyone had to evacuate.
0.625 Though this wild and woolly movie will please its core audience well enough, Rodriguez has the chops to do much more.
0.625 Just as there are some sports teams you watch for the brilliant efforts of one star athlete, there are movies that rivet your attention when one performer is onscreen and go slack when he's gone.
0.6 When it works, you don't care about all the times it doesn't.
0.5 ...a big-time action movie crying out for the sheen of celluloid.
0.5 ...when gunplay takes a back seat to manifold political intrigue that would give Tom Clancy a headache, you've done your tongue-in-cheek, check-your-brain action movie a disservice.
0.625 This filmic vagabond offers up his material as amusement, by spoofing his own script and channeling the ghosts of Cinema Past.
0.8 a tall tale told with mythic idiom and infused with both wicked humor and a sense of irony that renders even the goriest mayhem into a wacky exercise in effervescent slapstick
0.375 Rodriguez is less filmmaker now than freakshow, but at least it can be said that freakshows aren't boring.
1.0 Once upon a time in Mexico is a spicy manfest extravaganza!
0.75 Just sit back and let Rodriguez take you to popcorn-movie heaven.
0.9 This third chapter in Rodriguez's Mariachi trilogy is perhaps his best film yet--a lively, outrageously enjoyable action comedy with serious subtext.
0.6 0.5
0.2 It's possible the movie seemed to Lohan and/or her handlers a means to transition from her Disney movies into "adult" fare. It's also possible that no one read a script.
0.6 Lindsay Lohan takes on a dual role in director Chris Sivertson's twisty, perversely fascinating psycho thriller.
0.2 An unintentionally hilarious cross between Basic Instinct and The Parent Trap.
0.2 The scariest thing about this monumentally bad movie, apart from watching it, is Aubrey's hairless Sphynx cat, which commands more screen time than some secondary characters.
0.125 Lohan's virgin/whore dons a robotic hand, the perfect prop to match her performance.
0.1 There is nothing about this film that's even a bit redeeming, and so much that's so utterly wrong that whenever you think "it can't get any worse than this moment", you are proven incorrect.
0.2 Horror/thriller/pile of excrement.
0.4 I wanted it to be gloriously bad, camp-classic bad, and the movie is too ineptly artsy and unpleasant to make it.
0.2 Dificil dizer o que e pior: o roteiro com sua trama ridicula, a direcao que fracassa em suas aspiracoes "lynchinianas" ou a atuacao risivel de Lohan.
0.0 ...could easily be mistaken for the absolute worst that the straight-to-video landscape has to offer...
0.2 Deserves to die a quick death.
0.25 Lindsay Lohan is such an easy punching bag for her offscreen antics that it's dismaying that this genuinely talented young actress's onscreen career choices haven't done anything to help the cause.
0.0 A gruesome whodunit that's missing more than a few brain cells.
0.51 The problem with this film's exploration of a potentially interesting mystery is that I Know Who Killed Me is clumsy, stupid and just plain objectionable.
0.2 ...incompetent, even as basic torture-porn.
0.4 too trashy to be a complete bore, though it's also too TV-ish to work as a grand, campy folly
0.125 The whole thing is perverse, with first-time (and hopefully last time) screenwriter Jeffrey Hammond and director Chris Sivertson taking particular delight in the way the killer toys with his victims.
0.375 Incoherent and semi-vile.
0.2 So incredibly wrongheaded and laugh-out-loud funny that it earns enshrinement in the pantheon of cinematic two-headed cows.
0.0 There is no suspense in this film, just a series of bizarre scenes that make you wonder why you attended this film at all.
0.0 Exquisite in its awfulness, "I Know Who Killed Me" is the kind of stinker that makes it a perfect candidate for campy DVD viewings in years to come.
0.0 Between its garish digital photography and borderline incomprehensible narrative, I Know Who Killed Me at times suggests a hack's attempt at a Lynch film.
0.2 The most ridiculous film of its sort since the arrival of the equally ridiculous Boxing Helena. (Yeah, it's that kind of bad.)
0.0 [Lohan]'s hitting rock-bottom onscreen, too.
0.1 Trashy and incompetent - it's one of the worst movies of the year.
0.125 No review could really do justice to the monumental trashiness of this mess; it really has to be seen to be believed.
0.0 [A] sleazy, inept and worthless piece of torture porn.
0.2 Shoddily scripted and excessively stylized, I Know Who Killed Me pushes the bounds of what audiences will accept both narratively and aesthetically -- and oversteps them in every instance.
0.5 An intensely unpleasant killer-thriller mystery that has nevertheless been directed with low-budget craft by Chris Sivertson.
0.25 Easily marks the worst movie Lohan has appeared in and the worst performance she has given.
0.625 The images, flooded in deep blues and reds, are vibrant and just plain gorgeous, turning even empty moments into chances to aesthetically wow the viewer.
0.6 There is a part of me that wishes that I did have the nerve to recommend it after all because while it is terrible, it is the kind of strangely fascinating terrible that can make for an entertaining time at the movies under the right circumstances
0.1 What is billed as a suspenseful thriller is lacking any suspense, and generates cheap thrills only from scenes of torture, gore, and the occasional "jump" moment of pseudo-shock.
0.375 Simultaneously nasty and painfully dull.
0.0 Risible, grotesque, and incoherent.
0.0 The film is so cheap, lurid and overwrought it could be made up of lost reels from Grindhouse, except it lacks the knowing, self-referential humor of that B-movie parody.
0.0 It's sad to see the once-promising actress killing her career, between her self-destructive behavior behind the scenes and her poor judgment selecting scripts.
0.0 A choppy, cheap-looking mess with awkward dialogue and huge gaps in the plot.
0.25 No matter how you feel about the actress, watching this once-promising talent go slumming in this kind of material is grotesque.
0.0 I Know Who Killed Me, ostensibly a horror thriller in the slice-and-dice vein of Captivity and Saw, bagged as many laughs in its bloodbath finale as anything in The Simpsons Movie.
0.2 Small wonder that distributor TriStar Pictures has gone to great pains to hide this fiasco from critics: It's certainly the worst movie Lohan has ever appeared in and it's a formidable contender for worst movie of the year, period.
0.25 ...a weird combination of Showgirls, Saw and - what with Lohan's robotic hand - The Empire Strikes Back.
0.0 even my old stand by of, "At least, it started on time," doesn't apply here. After a 20 minute delay in starting the movie, I had to assume the projector was taking an ethical stand and refusing to be party to the heinous act of showing this movie
0.2 The script is shockingly tin-eared and inept.
0.0 Imagine the worst possible idea for a Parent Trap sequel that manages to combine elements of Stigmata, Dune, The Empire Strikes Back, The Corsican Brothers and Blue Man Group.
0.25 With sky-blue tools, gloves and mask, the killer looks so much like a member of the Blue Man Group that you expect him to spit marshmallows at his victims.
0.2 As a huge fan of unintentional comedy, I can wholeheartedly recommend it as that.
0.2 There is no way that Lohan was in her right mind when she signed the contract for this one.
0.75 One of the first significant American horror movies, and an interesting contrast to the same year's other, more important genre milestone, Germany's 'The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.'
0.7 A wig, hairy prosthetic hands, and a slouched posture were all Barrymore needed to bring Stevenson's defining creation to life, and he did so with gusto.
0.625 The split persona at the center of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde hews intriguingly close to the personal foibles of star John Barrymore.
0.75 One of three 1920 adaptations of Robert Louis Stevenson's classic allegorical chiller, the Paramount Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is remembered primarily for John Barrymore's bravura performance as the title duo.
0.8 One of the better renditions of the tale, thanks to John Barrymore's brilliant silent performance.
0.8 Not up to the Mamoulian version, but Barrymore's performance makes it essential.
0.8 If you cherish the idea of Joe Pesci, John Turturro (wearing a cowboy hat), Dean Stockwell, and Dennis Hopper in the same room, you won't be able to resist Backtrack.
0.4 One of film's greatest dissapointments.
0.6 Goodbye to All That explores divorce in a low-key manner, but it lacks an emotional punch or clear sense of humor to carry it much beyond its repetitive series of sexual trysts.
0.6 Despite its flaws, the first feature from "Junebug" writer Angus MacLachlan is a heartfelt, bittersweet and often amusing portrait of early middle-age.
0.5 Goodbye To All That is mostly just a series of vignettes, detailing Otto's sexual misadventures. And even those don't amount to much.
0.75 There's a lot of good awkward fun to be had as the viewer simultaneously laughs at Otto's expense and hopefully commiserates a bit with him.
0.75 Quirky, slight, whimsical and real, what you'd expect from the screenwriter of "Junebug." A real showcase for the deadpan charms of star Paul Schneider
0.375 If Junebug focused on quieter moments of extended family dynamics, with its city-meets-country clashes delving into resonant, region-specific sensibilities, Angus MacLachlan never goes beyond signpost sentiment.
0.5 When we finally come to hear and understand what probably did happen down in the hole, it's more elaborately ridiculous than the first story we heard.
0.4 you get the feeling the actors are hoping their characters will die soon so they can get off the set, fast.
0.4 Sem provocar grandes sustos ou estabelecer um bom clima de tensao, este e um filme sem proposito definido. Alem disso, a historia e rasa e a direcao de Hamm, burocratica.
0.75 The last 45-minutes of The Hole are so entertaining, so creepy that it's easy to forget how lame the first hour is.
0.4 An adolescent adventure that goes disastrously wrong for the protagonists - and, quite frequently, the audience.
0.625 Somehow, long after our sympathies have shrivelled up, Birch is able to squeeze another drop of compassion out of the tube.
0.75 Has similar premise to "Blair Witch 2", but also has better acting and a plot that makes sense
0.6 The qualities which made [Birch] flourish in that multi-Oscar-winner [American Beauty] are still abundantly clear.
0.9 Una buena opcion, una cinta interesante, bien lograda, y con giros gratos respecto al suspenso clasico de adolescentes al que estamos acostumbrados...
1.0 Burton's modern fairytale has an almost palpably personal feel: it is told gently, subtly and with infinite sympathy for an outsider who charms the locals but then inadvertently arouses their baser instincts.
1.0 ...perhaps the cinema's most enchanting parable about the misunderstood and alienated artist.
1.0 Fine performances all around, particularly from Depp and the immensely sympathetic Wiest.
0.9 Visually, stylistically and emotionally stunning.
1.0 [Burton and Depp] seem to bring out the best in each other.
0.75 Burton's movies are fairytales for retarding evolution.
0.8 His gothic tones always mask a feeling of wonder and an endearing love for everything that is possible in life and death
0.6 Burton's sweet Gothic fairy tale has lost none of its charm.
0.8 Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in magical collaboration.
0.6 Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.
1.0 Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.
1.0 A modern fairy tale about a deformed outsider whose innocence and gentle nature make him a freak in the eyes of the community he visits.
0.6 A poetic outing by Burton with Depp offering one of his initial outsider performances. Still fun to watch.
0.7 Mr. Burton invests awe-inspiring ingenuity into the process of reinventing something very small.
0.75 Especially rewarding for those who would like to see something different in a film.
1.0 Tim Burton's finest achievement. It has an emotional wallop to go with his visual wizardry.
1.0 Probably Tim Burton's best film. Certainly his most moving.
1.0 A film you can't help but love...
0.6 Burton has a good central premise working here, but he never really grabs us...
0.5 Burton has not yet found the storytelling and character-building strength to go along with his pictorial flair.
0.9 One of my favorite films ... and one that touches me deeply.
0.75 Johnny Depp is excellent as the Chaplinesque title character and the support cast is good too.
0.83 An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.
0.8 Above average Disney drama with Hayley Mills and dad John.
0.875 The names of Cindy Baer and Celeste Davis belong on the V.I.P. list of promising new filmmakers
0.6 There's a lack of polish and, more importantly, an uninhibited demeanor to Davis's script which work well for the subject matter
0.875 Natural Born Killers with heart.
0.9 A charming, touching, clever and all-around brilliantly crafted film about teen suicide.
0.8 A fairly compelling movie, but when one realizes that the screenplay was penned by a 14-year-old gal...it adds a whole new perspective to all the angst being tossed around.
0.8 Underrated.
0.5 For all the nudity and sexual content, Philip Saville's unoriginal and predictable film is, at its core, no different from one you'd find premiering on network television.
0.6 A moving film about the compromises of adulthood, but perhaps a little too earnest.
0.375 There's nothing extraordinary about Metroland.
0.8 Esta e a grande tragedia dos maus pais: o fato de nao merecerem o amor incondicional que recebem dos pequenos seres que destroem com tanta facilidade.
0.8 It's often-heartbreaking stuff, but never feels manipulative, mostly because the movie puts itself in Maisie's shoes. Strongly recommended
0.8 A superb, moving film, it's a tribute to author Henry James that his 1897 story could prove so illuminating when adapted for the 21st century. Performances throughout are terrific, seeped as they are in guilt, resentment and confusion.
0.8 [Onata Aprile's] tremendously-believable on-screen spirit reminds us how resilient children can be.
0.8 What Maisie Knew runs its titular, newly-orphaned moppet through so many heartbreaking scenarios and encounters, I was stirred to start drawing up the adoption papers myself.
0.9 Even though this drama is based on a 115-year-old novel, it feels powerfully timely today in the way it recounts events surrounding a particularly grim divorce.
0.8 Vanderham and Skarsgard put in career bests; Moore - and this is really saying something - hasn't been this impressive since Safe.
0.8 [A] beautifully acted, thought-provoking drama that skilfully updates Henry James's little-read 1897 novella to the modern era.
0.4 A rather sentimental, precious tale, and the important sense of Maisie growing up and learning about the world and its failings doesn't come through.
0.8 Handsomely shot and stopping just short of cloying sentiment, this is an accomplished, engaging work.
0.6 Whenever Moore is off screen - the only character with size-10 oomph - the film risks evaporating altogether. Moral: it isn't that easy to modernise Henry James.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a powerfully emotional and strikingly perceptive drama with excellent performances from a note-perfect cast.
0.6 McGehee and Siegel never find a way to really get inside Maisie's head.
0.8 Sensitive and almost unwatchably perceptive about dysfunctional families -- and it's acted with knife-sharp precision.
0.6 An intimate story of repeated betrayal, five terrific performances get this movie over some rocky terrain, including a pat resolution.
0.8 The young Aprile is a standout in a moving, hard-hitting and surprising adaptation of the Henry James novel.
0.8 Seen through the eyes of a six-year-old, this film about the spectre of divorce makes for haunting viewing indeed.
0.7 If anything, Maisie as a character is a little too indefatigable; once in a while, you'd love her to throw a huge screaming tantrum and let her wretched parents know just what children they're being.
0.8 What Maisie Knew squares its emotions believably, provoking upset and anger at its scenes of collateral damage, but also inspiring respect for the resilience of youth.
0.8 Capturing the essence of the source novel, this is a superior adult drama. Harrowing, heartbreaking but utterly compelling.
0.7 The film begins ham-handedly and ends in a puddle of mawkishness, but most everything in between is sharply observed and wounding to watch.
0.8 This is a film that deals in subtle details, and its value lies in the way the filmmakers draw out small moments of surprise or truth from the familiar scenario.
0.875 It's far from the first story of a child dealing with the consequences of parental break-up -- but it may be one of the best.
0.875 It's an intimate, well-acted and nuanced film that provides a fresh angle on an all-too-familiar struggle.
1.0 Onata Aprile is never showy and always authentic, a rare find in a child actor. In fact, she is one of the most self-possessed actors I've seen of any age.
0.875 On the surface, this indie does sound like standard-issue material, but its dynamics are far more complex than its simple exterior.
0.8 A movie that's much easier to admire than to actually enjoy, no matter how well done or acted.
0.75 What Maisie Knew gives the audience a ground-eye view of its mesmerizing title character, a plucky, charismatic New Yorker who navigates downtown bars and building lobbies with the street savvy of a pro.
0.875 The result is a film that deeply engages us on multiple levels. Not only do we wonder what Maisie knows and how she knows it, we want to get this seedling to a place where she won't have to be transplanted every day.
0.8 Onata Aprile's short career should blossom as people react to her subtle performance here.
0.875 Despite the big-name adults around her, it's the unknown Onata Aprile who is the star of this movie.
0.8 Gazing on Maisie, you want to know what she knows. That you can't is at once your dilemma and your opportunity, what adults must engage in order to be adults.
0.2 The aggravatingly manipulative What Maisie Knew feels, perhaps deliberately, as if its emotions were drawn in brightly colored crayon.
0.875 The story is sad, but the talent involved in its telling is elating.
0.875 "What Maisie Knew" packs a surprising emotional punch, one that stays with you for a while when the movie's over.
1.0 Mischievous updating of the Henry James novel, made especially moving by young Onata Aprile.
0.875 What Maisie Knew" is about the erosion of innocence in the midst of plenty, yet it rarely feels heavy-handed, so serene is its own faith in its tiny heroine's strength.
1.0 The camera is often at Maisie's eye level, emphasizing how adults are seen by the perceptive Maisie. The sad-eyed Aprile's honest portrayal is heart-wrenching.
0.7 A raw, uncomfortable examination of a family torn apart by two parents who love their daughter only half as much as they love themselves.
0.5 Porn industry 1, Henry James 0.
0.8 Without losing the 19th century author's sensibility, screenwriters Carroll Cartwright and Nancy Doyne have brought into the modern age James' unforgiving examination of the effect of a messy divorce on a child.
0.875 Searing and sad, with Julianne Moore and Steve Coogan at their fiercely-unlikable best.
0.875 The film hits home thanks to a stunning performance by Onata Aprile. At age 7, Aprile has mastered the steepest challenge in screen acting: reacting in an engaging way.
1.0 Most movies about divorce and fractured families play up the tumultuous melodrama, but What Maisie Knew goes for something much quieter and more profound. It's a subtly ambitious film that's smartly written, beautifully acted, and perfectly directed.
0.65 The film raises more uncomfortable questions about Maisie's uncertain future than it ever answers, but that's in keeping with the emotional honesty the filmmakers are striving for.
0.8 Wrenching drama about child custody can spark discussion.
0.75 Cinema buffs should see this for the great performances all around, the way that New York feels when it's not being rushed, and for an overall tenderness that's most welcome.
0.6 The actors are all very good. Moore, in particular, has a frightening intensity. If Maisie can deal with this banshee, she's prepared for anything.
1.0 Yes, these people are cliches. But they know it. And so do the actors, who push past the stereotypes to slowly show us that perhaps these young and rather unimportant people are far more grown-up and involved than anyone else around them.
0.5 This is a fine idea for a PSA TV commercial, but (a) they already did it back in the '70s and (b) it goes on well past the 30-second mark.
1.0 "What Maisie Knew" lays waste to the comforting dogma that children are naturally resilient, and that our casual, unthinking cruelty to them can be answered by guilty and belated displays of affection.
0.75 Directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel, abetted by an astute scriptfrom Nancy Doyne and Carroll Cartwright, find something sadly timeless in a child torn apart in a custody battle that no one wins, least of all the child.
0.75 "What Maisie Knew" is an indictment of those who do not realize that innocence is not something to be scorned and used, but cherished and protected.
0.9 A mesmerizing screen adaptation of a Henry James novel about parenting and the importance of a tender and nurturing love.
1.0 Poignant and exemplary, this is one of the best films of 2013.
0.6 Since moving into domestic subjects, their (Scott McGehee and David Siegel's) footing has been less sure, and you'll resent What Maisie Knew's tidy conclusion.
0.125 David Siegel and Scott McGehee's film renders the rhapsodic Henry James novel of the same name into an abhorrent slice of tasteless familial drama.
0.9 What Maisie Knew is a fascinating movie about what goes on inside the mind of a child when their parents divorce.
1.0 A progressively heartbreaking piece of work...
0.6 The film's simple strategy of filming always from Maisie's height whenever she is present works amazingly well, an object lesson in how point of view can be what matters most.
0.8 This modern-day adaptation of Henry James's novel about a child shuttled back and forth between her divorced parents features an excellent performance from newcomer Onata Aprile.
0.4 Director Robert Connolly offers up a tinge of The Social Network's sexed-up style, but he's not fortunate enough to have been blessed with a Sorkin-grade screenplay.
1.0 Meticulously constructed, beautifully played and poignant.
0.8 Deeply moving.
1.0 This may be the definitive portrait of a man who, examining his life, discovers that it may not be worth living.
1.0 May not be the first movie you think of when ticking off the list of Kurosawa's best films, but it is the one that stands defiantly as his deepest, best acted and most watchable.
0.7 Ikiru is a thoughtful and truly well-made film, wherein Kurosawa has the opportunity to explore the human condition more fully than in his action-packed adventures
1.0 I go to the movie theater every week in hopes that someone out there still wants to make a film like "Ikiru."
1.0 If you have never seen it, you should. If you have seen it before, your admiration will only increase.
0.92 Sad, mournful and devastating, Ikiru is one of Kurosawa's most impressive achievements
0.9 Kurosawa has created a subtle and moving account of a man who searches for meaning in the final days of his shallow existence.
0.875 Simultaneously an intensely human story, a timeless snapshot of postwar Japan, and a scathing satire of the bureaucratic mind-set.
0.7 It is a strangely fascinating and affecting film, up to a point.
1.0 A heartbreaking masterwork from Kurosawa with nary a samurai in sight.
1.0 There has never been a smarter, more compassionate film about imminent death.
1.0 I think this is one of the few movies that might actually be able to inspire someone to lead their life a little differently.
0.8 Michael J. Fox is a revelation as the mouse that roared, whilst the score, the direction, and the rest of the cast turn a risky film into a solid addition to the Nam canon.
0.6 Top acting honors go to Penn as the sergeant and Thuy Thu Le as the captive girl.
1.0 De Palma uses his consummate filmmaking skill to craft a reflection of his own grave sorrow about the Vietnam era.
0.8 Disturbing anti-war film with strong Sean Penn and surprisingly effective Michael J. Fox.
0.8 ably demonstrates just how powerful a well-crafted film can be
0.6 Worthwhile drama set in the Vietnam War
0.8 Harrowing drama with strong performances
0.8 Examines the dehumanizing effects of war, and implies that the soldiers who commit the atrocities are as much a victim of that dehumanization as the girl who they victimize
0.8 Superb, overlooked Vietnam drama may be Brian DePalma's finest hour.
1.0 The equation of sanctioned and unsanctioned barbarism in the climactic moments of Casualties is about as damning an indictment of the way that humanity justifies immoral acts during war as I've seen.
0.6 Michael J. Fox is a little hard to buy in this one.
0.4 Too strident in its anti-war sentiment. Penn almost comes across as a caricature.
0.8 An underrated film with perhaps the greatest performance that Michael J. Fox ever gave. DePalma looks at Vietnam through a different persepective than an audience is used to, making this far from your typical war movie. Penn, as always, is riveting to wat
0.8 Who'd have thought De Palma had a war flick in him?
1.0 Inspired in part by the McCarthy hearings, the movie has lost none of its timeliness: The morality of surveillance technology is among its many themes.
1.0 This dazzling cinematic achievement has the rare good fortune of being one of those films that somehow seems to improve with each subsequent viewing -- the highest compliment indeed, given that it only takes one showing to evaluate its substantial worth.
1.0 Justly celebrated for its opening crane-tracking shot, Touch Of Evil is proof of Welles' prodigious film-making talents.
1.0 Expressionistic in the extreme, filled with shadows, angles and cinematic flourishes, the film raises the usual brooding nightmare ambiance of film noir to a level few other pictures have attempted.
1.0 Having the Touch of Evil envisioned by our most creative filmmaker, is a wondrous gift no movie lover should miss.
1.0 Orson Welles' masterwork of greed, treachery and revenge.
0.8 Even 50 years after studio heads lost patience and dumped it onto the bottom half of double bills, the final Hollywood film from Orson Welles is the opposite of ordinary.
1.0 When druggies stash Leigh in a hotel room and throw a party, the movie threatens to turn into Reefer Madness, albeit with the visual panache of Citizen Kane.
1.0 It is a testament to Welles' genius that he was able to turn a piece of pulp literature into such a disturbing, sophisticated and, above all, entertaining study of depravity.
1.0 A cinematic masterpiece and arguably the last great film noir.
0.8 Where Mr. Welles soundly succeeds is in generating enough sinister electricity for three such yarns and in generally staging it like a wild, murky nightmare.
0.75 Dark, sinister and not altogether comprehensible, this is nonetheless an intriguing study of the art of filmmaking.
1.0 Um estudo extremamente interessante sobre o carater de um homem que, para agir de acordo com os seus principios, nao via mal algum em infringi-los.
1.0 Welles' outlandish visual talent is on full display as he puts noir movie conventions through the wringer and creates one of the most terrifyingly seedy yet utterly compelling films ever made.
1.0 one of [Welles'] richest and most rewarding pictures
0.88 If this is not his greatest film, Touch of Evil certainly is among Welles' most entertaining.
1.0 clearly the work of a genius
1.0 The ingredients are all in place for pulp mayhem.
1.0 The film has always been a favorite of those who enjoy visual and dramatic flamboyance.
1.0 One of a few monumental 1950s swan songs marking the end of the great epoch of traditional studio filmmaking.
0.8 ...the movie shows a simplistic conflict of good vs. evil...
0.75 Whether TOUCH OF EVIL is a masterpiece as many have called it or just an intriguing, confusing and avant-garde B movie is the question.
1.0 ...a dark, perverse thriller about moral compromise and the price of corruption.
0.8 Even in underachievement Welles showed the truly magnificent scope of his talent and the excellent reputation of this film is, after all, well deserved.
1.0 "Touch of Evil" is arguably the best B-grade movie ever made.
1.0 The film has always been full of reckless energy, and now it is, as they say, better than ever.
1.0 A class act potboiler which still feels fresh and exciting.
1.0 [a] dark and extravagant crime drama
0.75 Touch of Evil is a savvy starter because Welles' astonishing cinematic invention and his persuasive presence as star are prime noir at tractions.
1.0 Welles has really created a wonderful little pot-boiler here, setting up atmosphere, deepening the characters, touching on themes, and, of course, doing some really nifty camerawork that's still astounding.
1.0 It's one of the truly great works of the American cinema, and it shows just what kind of excellence movies are capable of.
0.9 masterpiece of bad juju
0.8 ...as much about moviemaking as it is about storytelling.
0.5 ...an intriguing yet underwhelming cinematic experiment.
0.625 The extremely slow pace that felt a little mannered in Moverman's The Messenger works well here, rhyming with George's generally unscheduled existence and unusual relationship to time.
0.625 Time Out of Mind challenges audiences to accept Richard Gere as a homeless man who has been living off the grid for nearly a decade.
0.8 Demands a lot of the viewer, but it's one of the most sobering American films ever made about homelessness. Richard Gere is incredible.
0.8 Richard Gere delivers a career-best performance as a homeless man in a film that doesn't pander to stereotypes about society's lowest echelon.
0.6 This is buoyant, bright, a constant breeze. But still it hovers somewhere on the superhero-adap spectrum between the good and the great.
0.8 In an exemplary piece of casting, Downey Jr gives a powerhouse performance, adding depth and believability to his character as both self-indulgent waster and do-gooder superhero.
0.9 A grand superhero movie that features a brilliant performance by Robert Downey Jr., in one of his best roles.
0.8 Iron Man is funny without being silly, yet can kick ass to the moon and back when the chips are down.
0.8 As a first franchise entry and a blockbuster to kick off the summer season, Iron Man proves to be an excellent introduction.
0.6 If this is a taster for something even more impressive in the sequel touted for 2010, there is already a reason to get excited as the more we see of Downey, Jr. as Tony Stark, the better.
0.8 A completely different superhero movie which not only delights visually, but also engrosses with a very well adapted, character driven story of a redemptive figure who becomes the ultimate global hero.
0.78 If anyone doubted Marvel's ability to make the leap to full fledged studio, their first effort, Iron Man, should be enough to erase all doubts.
0.6 Iron Man is an appealing superhero movie. It's also clunky. It's welded together out of disparate pieces that clank and ping. Though at times it's leaden, Iron Man also has enough moments of pizazz to intermittently soar.
0.8 The story is so rich and complex that Favreau is going to have a near-impossible task of outdoing himself with the inevitable sequel.
0.75 Not only is it a good comic book movie (smart and stupid, stirring and silly, intimate and spectacular), it's winning enough to engage even those who've never cared much for comic books or the movies they spawn. Like me.
0.8 ...who'd have thought that a successful superhero film could be more about character than action?
0.7 Iron Man is the best superhero film to come along since Batman Begins, and is one hell of a way to start off summer of 2008.
0.7 Une production a grand deploiement executant une formule bien etablie, mais avec un savoir-faire indeniable et un enthousiasme contagieux
0.9 The pace is good, not frantic, not "oh god we have to get to the explosions or we're gonna lose them" %u2013 and the actors are all above average at least. (Our leads are no strangers to the Oscar nomination process.)
0.875 One of the strongest entries into the superhero movie canon of recent years. While featuring a few flaws, this is one of the most entertaining comic book adaptations in last few years.
0.75 The visual effects are bound to give you goosebumps and maybe you'll find yourself uttering an audible "whoa."
0.9 The bottom line is this: the movie works. It works extremely well and it does so because of Downey.
0.75 Visual sizzle, top actors and a witty script, yet it could have been so much better if only it didn't try to cobble together a pacifist warrior.
1.0 At the end of the day it's Robert Downey Jr. who powers the lift-off separating this from most other superhero movies.
0.8 "Iron Man"'s true revelation is leading man Robert Downey, Jr., who may not be giving the greatest superhero performance ever, but is certainly the best actor to ever portray a superhero.
0.9 This may not be what the Academy has in mind when it's considering the Oscar worthy performances but Downey finds the reality of being a superhero and makes us buy into that. Final verdict: Iron Man is cool and Downey is hot.
0.68 Ironman is great fun, but it could've been better. And judging by interviews with director Jon Favreau the sequel sounds like it'll be a corker.
0.7 Downey imbues this superhero with a heart that glows as radiantly as the power reactor implants in his chest.
0.5 Hoping to blend comic book superhero thrills ... with the relevance of the real war-torn world, 'Iron Man,' directed by Jon Favreau, fails at both endeavors.
1.0 It's easily the best Marvel film, and quite possibly the best superhero film I have ever seen!!!
0.8 The brillance of Downey's performance is that Tony Stark is more of an impenetrable, unstoppable force than Iron Man.
1.0 Get your popcorn ready! Iron Man is the perfect start to the summer movie season.
0.85 Latest Theory of Flight: This film is politically smart, action-packed, sexy and fun. High-flying suit notwithstanding, this newest entry in the superhero arena has just raised the bar.
0.875 An adventure that you'll want to go on over and over...
0.8 "Iron Man" is highly entertaining and well made, and when I say highly entertaining and well made, I mean it's almost in the same league as "Batman Begins," "Spider-Man 2," "Superman Returns" and "X-Men 2." Hard to believe, but yes, it is that good.
0.6 If you can get past the irony (or hypocrisy) of the central concept Jon Favreau's adaptation is reasonably entertaining and uses its digital effects energetically.
0.875 While the movie is technically a marvel, it would have been an empty shell without the strong turn from Downey Jr. Wonderfully sarcastic and hedonistic early on, his transformation from capitalist to hero is logical because of the sincerity the actor inv
1.0 Iron Man is a thrilling ride full of excitement and laughs. Finally this year we have a great family film that everyone will enjoy.
1.0 This is hands down the best super hero/comic book movie I have ever seen!
0.875 Director Jon Favreau displays the same wonderment and control over visual effects as he did in 2005's underrated "Zathura." Excepting a clunky prologue and escape sequence, it's a flawlessly paced origin story with humor, smarts and soul.
0.8 This is awful! I'm just kidding...it's really good, and Downey, Jr. is perfect for the part.
0.6 Un pasatiempo entretenido que prioriza el desarrollo de una historia y de un personaje por sobre el mero despliegue de accion y efectos visuales. Robert Downey Jr. es un perfecto Tony Stark.
0.8 ...great fun, thanks mainly to the power of the original Marvel Comics concept...
0.875 Exciting, but the message is mixed: Stark's creation of Iron Man affirms rather than repudiates his arms race-exploiting past -- it proves once again that the one with the best weapons wins.
0.5 ...suffers from an uneven and increasingly oppressive structure that ultimately negates the film's few positive attributes...
0.875 'Iron Man' is not only action packed, as expected, but it is also laced with a story that has substance and with some wit and romance added to please all ages.
0.5 Garden-variety pop heroism/wish-fulfillment marinated in Robert Downey Jr.'s effortless insouciant sauce.
0.75 Just as Stark needs a device to keep his heart pumping, Iron Man requires Downey's presence to keep the heart of this franchise alive.
0.8 Iron Man has its flaws, but they're not enough to keep the film from being a good time at the movies.
0.8 An exciting, quick-witted adventure built to entertain.
0.7 To counter the character's relatively low Q-rating among the non-fanboy masses, Paramount has jacked up the f/x budget and made some interesting casting choices...
0.8 Move over, Superman. This lush, high-octane playboy never tasted so good. Iron Man has not only etched itself the mark of one of the best-reviewed films so far in 2008 but also one of the highest-rated superhero movies of all time.
0.6 Given everything that it does right, it is somewhat disappointing that Iron Man doesn't quite fly to the stratosphere.
0.7 o Iron Man, analafra diaskedastiko kai gargara synarpastiko prototypo eperhomenoy poly-iroa, shedon aggizontas tis eksarseis gamatosynis ton Transformers (2007) se stigmes, einai o,ti kalytero tha mporoyse na anoiksei to horo ton kalokairinon ypertheamato
0.9 Iron Man is what mainstream, big screen entertainment ought to be like.
0.8 He's not as limber as Spider-Man once was, or as darkly compelling as Batman is yet to be, but Iron Man comes with his own enjoyable strengths and weaknesses in a fun film that also has a point of view.
1.0 Favreau has turned what might have been just another comic strip formulation into a completely engaging amalgam of storytelling, romance, performance, acrobatics and organically motivated effects.
0.6 Too slow on the take off
0.875 Robert Downey, Jr. is an unusually good leading man ... and has great comic timing in this movie.
0.875 Even for a starting point, Favreau gives us what we came to see and this is a true accomplishment for general movie goers and most importantly: We comic book geeks...
1.0 A 'Marvel'-ously cerebral superhero with a functioning conscience.
0.6 It's supposed to be fun, and it is, in spots.
0.6 Fun summer blockbuster
0.875 This might be the most relevant superhero tale we have yet seen.
0.875 Robert Downey Jr. delivers a knockout performance that alone is worth the price of admission to watch.
1.0 'Iron Man' has several advantages over a lot of recent efforts in the superhero genre. It features a solid cast, snappy dialogue, some pleasant surprises, expectedly impressive special effects and even a hint of subtle social commentary. But most importan
0.8 Representando uma surpresa tao grande quanto a escalacao de Robert Downey Jr. como heroi de acao, o cineasta Jon Favreau se revela uma aposta bem sucedida da Marvel.
0.875 a thrilling, innovative and enormously entertaining movie that just may be the coolest AND smartest superhero adventure of them all.
0.9 It's Robert Downey Jr., having triumphed over his substance abuse battle, who puts the pedal to the metal and scores the freshest new franchise going.
0.625 Iron Man ... is really a four-act play in a three-act movie.
0.7 Something that everyone needs to know before they set foot in the theater: STAY AFTER THE CLOSING CREDITS. BEST BONUS SCENE EVER.
1.0 Cooooool!
0.85 The best superhero movie since Spider-Man 2. Robert Downey Jr is the film's best special effect.
0.75 In the second half, when the red-and-gold suit does the heavy lifting (sometimes literally), Iron Man stops being a great blockbuster and settles for being merely a good one.
0.875 The film nevertheless makes the crucial decision to set its story in the real world, to have its characters face real moral decisions with real consequences. And then, when Iron Man does show up for battle, this flick just soars.
0.875 Iron Man is an action sci-fi blockbuster extravaganza that provides cartoon thrills for thinking people. It's the best movie of its kind since the second Spider-Man movie four years ago.
0.75 Action scenes in comic-book films? Overrated. That's the lesson of Iron Man, which goes light on CGI fireworks but heavy enough on its most electrifying element -- Robert Downey Jr. -- to compensate.
0.8 Actually feels like a classic comic book: fast, furious and flip. Forget about superheroes with love problems and tortured souls.
0.875 Directed with joyful verve and a nice pinch of cultural nerve by Jon Favreau, Iron Man reinvigorates hope in the joys of the summer movie. It is simple a" and not so simple a" fun.
0.625 Downey could have taken a tragic tack. But he has fun just figuring out how to make the armor suit work. His sarcasm and almost drunken Tony Curtis body language transform the scenes of Iron Man.
0.875 Doubters with their tales of suspense about whether or not Iron Man will fly as a franchise can finally calm down -- and Batman and Spider-Man fans can start to get edgy about sharing the cinematic spotlight.
1.0 While Iron Man has never ranked among the most iconic of American superheroes, Downey's brilliantly nuanced performance as a hedonist in the grip of a midlife crisis might change that.
0.6 A superhero flick with the message that an arms dealer can see the light and give up the business of making a profit on the death of others.
0.75 Iron Man forges a new trail subsequent superhero films would be wise to follow.
0.9 ...a machine with a human heart, a gleaming vehicle of transport.
0.4 Despite the convulsively jittery address to the role, [Downey] is never in the smallest degree engaging in the way director Jon Favreau appears to think.
0.8 Is it summer already? The first of the big budget superhero blockbusters has arrived, and it's a roaring success, thanks to a combination of superb special effects and canny casting.
0.7 Let the Summer Games begin! Fun, entertaining and emboldened with broad appeal, this first foray into the summer blockbuster blitzkrieg will not disappoint.
0.75 ...a slam-bang kickoff to the blockbuster movie season...
0.6 There is precious little comedy and even less characterisation.
0.9 In the proficient hands of Jon Favreau, abetted by a magnificent performance by Robert Downey, Jr., not only does Iron Man pay off, but it raises the stakes for comic book movies to follow, as well as the entire summer film season.
0.75 What sets the movie apart ... is that ... it is not bogged down with the "with great power comes great responsibility" mantra that weighs upon other costumed crusaders.
0.75 Dangerously dependant on Robert Downey Jr. for entertainment. He throws a one-man party during every scene. But when he's off-screen, the film wilts. (Yes, even with Jeff Bridges' anti-Dude.) Re-cast, it would only be a shade better than Daredevil.
0.9 Iron Man is fantastic, a sure fire blockbuster that will leave audiences breathless and fanboys wanting more.
0.75 Favreau fully respects the material, and brings to the table a highly developed sense of humor and--praise the heavens--taste. [Blu-ray]
0.625 Its thin script suggests that the movie is more interested in setting up a franchise than entertaining us, which it does do sporadically.
0.875 ... lives up to its promise and premise... the benchmark for this summer's blockbusters has just been set.
0.6 Fulfills all the requirements of its genre admirably, but never rises beyond the level of baseline satisfaction.
0.9 While not perfect, it comes pretty damn close - Iron Man is one of the best superhero movie adaptations to hit the big screen so far.
0.8 A slightly-better-than-average popcorn epic featuring a performance from Downey that is so funny and inventive and entertaining that he pretty much winds up carrying the entire movie on his shoulders.
0.8 It's as if someone snuck a hefty slug of bourbon into your cherry cola; all of the sugar and flavor and fizz you expect from a well-made comic-book movie are there, but there's something a little more grown-up going on behind them.
0.7 a solid, well-crafted launch for what should be a lucrative franchise.
0.8 Iron Man is terrific. Full of explosions, one-liners, and nifty special effects, it goes the extra mile of casting Robert Downey, Jr., one of the best actors working today, in the title role
0.875 This exciting, enthralling action-thriller is certainly the best comic book-based movie since the second Spider-Man film.
0.75 After 2003's Elf and 2005's Zathura, Favreau has now made three smart, family-friendly, high-concept popcorn movies.
0.875 Iron Man gives the summer movie season a smashing start.
0.9 You'll believe a (iron) man can fly in 'Iron Man,' the undisputed movie to beat this summer season.
0.75 Robert Downey, Jr.'s effortlessly nuanced performance as Tony Stark is a dark delight that combines pop-culture wit and genuine emotional depth.
0.75 Favreau trumps last year's clunky Transformers with his smooth, almost musical footage of Iron Man's armor and its thousands of pieces clicking into place.
0.75 A largely satisfying summer entertainment blending brains and geekiness in equal measure.
0.9 This is lotsa fun!
0.8 It's this balance between real world stakes and superhero surrealism that makes Favreau's film such a success.
0.875 Jon Favreau has directed Iron Man with a wit and intelligence to match Downey's.
0.75 The payoff of casting Downey is as big as the risk. He's not in the movie, he owns it in a way that makes it hard to imagine without him.
0.75 A witty and dapper speeding bullet of a film, able to appeal to nerds and civilians alike.
0.75 [It's] an absolute blast to watch, a consummate piece of popcorn entertainment made with wit and class, and it leaves you so pumped for a sequel that it is practically guaranteed to become a huge hit. The bar for the summer movie season has been set.
0.6 It's fantastic to see a superhero movie getting away from the navel-gazing to serve up overboard action with a knowing sense of humour.
0.8 Everything a summer movie should be, and more.
0.75 Iron Man is fresh and fast enough to remind you of why you liked comics to begin with.
0.8 It is light, rather than heavy metal, marked by invigorating war-machine FX and a smart and subtle acting performance, at least by the standards of this genre.
0.8 The movie rises and falls on the strength of Downey, and it rises pretty high.
0.875 One of the hippest, best-written and best-directed superhero movies ever -- a splendid way to kick off the summer movie season.
0.75 It breaks no new ground, but it plows the old ground vigorously.
0.5 Downey's unbeatable charisma makes these problems less troublesome than they would be otherwise, but wouldn't it be nice if they didn't exist at all?
0.75 Hollywood has unearthed an unlikely weapon of mass destruction: Robert Downey Jr.
0.75 Downey's richly human performance as a reformed rake who relies on his intelligence, feels both personal and genuinely fresh.
0.875 There's no rust on the first blockbuster of summer '08: Iron Man is an ironclad cinch to be a hit.
1.0 Iron Man is simply great escapism. It deserves to be the first blockbuster of the summer.
0.7 Frontloaded, [but] boasts a great look, abundant humor, and Robert Downey Jr. making the case for middle-aged, flawed superheroes.
0.875 Easily the best superhero film since "Batman Begins," which for my money is the best in the genre.
0.875 Downey absolutely owns this role. He's pitch perfect as Stark, infusing the character with more personality and comedic one-liners than there ever were in the comics.
0.875 Like every path to success, there is an origin story and Iron Man ranks as one of the most instantaneously satisfying of all of them.
0.7 When an action blockbuster comes along that actually bothers to create lively, memorable characters, you don't want to miss it.
0.8 This is everything you could possibly want from a superhero movie.
0.875 ...should make anyone who went gaga over Transformers finally understand why those metal emperors wore no clothes.
0.875 Fan boys looking for an action and special effects-filled popcorn spectacle will be thrilled by "Iron Man's" pyrotechnic treats. Discriminating audiences hoping for a film that features more acting than action will also be thrilled by the casting of Rober
0.625 The film is at its best when reveling in Downey's gift for letting bon mots dryly roll off his tongue, as well as his effortless blend of hedonistic insouciance and resolute intensity.
0.625 Not quite memorable enough to live up to the top superhero films but proficient enough to be satisfying, Iron Man suggests with a clever ending that better things are yet to come.
0.875 Iron Man kicks off summer on a blazing high note and practically dares the competition to measure up.
0.875 Fast, funny and deliriously entertaining.
0.75 Despite several adrenaline-pumping moments, Favreau and Downey stay focused on the real story -- about a man learning to take responsibility for his actions. For all its firepower and CGI slickness, that's what really makes Iron Man fly.
0.875 This is one summer blockbuster that succeeds on brains, not bombast.
0.875 Mainly it has Robert Downey Jr. The newly insurable actor, who has had his run-ins with various chemicals in the past, plays this louche playboy with a knowing glint in his eye."
0.75 Seeing Downey and Bridges duel is one of the film's primary delights.
0.7 Bloodied but unbowed, wounded but walking, Downey Jr.'s sly take on Marvel Comics' cold warrior Iron Man elevates everything about this film.
0.875 Over the years, there have been only a handful of exceptional superhero movies, and Iron Man is among them.
0.7 Funny without being cartoonish and serious without being dull, a difficult balance that also happens to be an apt one-line bio for Downey Jr.
0.9 Easily the best Marvel Comics based movie yet -- Favreau, Downey and company have really nailed this one!
0.75 Saddled with a fairly typical superhero "origin story", director Jon Favreau compensates with some inspired choices: keeping the pace as fast as possible and casting Robert Downey Jr. as the man behind the mask.
0.7 Kudos to Iron Man for finding novel twists on an exhausted genre.
0.8 Iron Man is a lot of fun, especially for a superhero origin story, since they so often end up going awry.
0.9 Mr. Downey delivers the best popcorn flick performance since Johnny Depp first played pirate.
0.7 For Marvel, whose recent string of missteps have left fans doubting the comic giant, Iron Man is an excellent return to form and the likely start of another successful franchise.
0.6 In place is a talented cast, an interesting director, an established lead character, and a wealth of plots from the comics ready to be mined for future storylines. Despite Iron Man's problems, it will definitely leave you wanting more.
0.6 Light on both CGI and moral quandaries, [it posesses] neither the zip and sparkle of a Spider-Man nor the brooding existential subtexts of Batman Begins.
0.6 It's not sure where to go once the final Iron Man suit is constructed, and seems in a rush to get there, but Downey Jr and the supporting cast are so perfectly placed we're already looking forward to the bound-to-be-better sequel.
0.8 A n exceptionally well-made, incredibly entertaining and -- dare I say it -- marvelous superhero movie.
0.6 Audiences looking for grand escapist fare at cinemas this summer won't mind having spent their price of admission on it. Be sure to get some popcorn too.
0.75 Rewarding, but ridiculously stingy in handing out simple details -- relationships, geographical settings, etc. -- vital to our grasp of what's going on.
0.7 Watching Incendies is a long, hard, and emotionally draining experience but one that richly rewards the time and effort invested.
0.8 Every time the film begins to feel more like a history lesson than a drama, it explodes into action.
0.875 It's a raw and brutal look at the unending strife in the region, but it's also an unforgettable mystery that keeps the audience riveted through one surprising plot turn after another.
0.87 ...an intense and shattering experience, a nearly great film about promises and kinship and the secret, cruel lives our parents lived before we knew them
0.875 A story of hope amid the ruins -- one that everybody can appreciate, no matter their politics.
0.7 A beautifully filmed and movingly performed drama which explores how personal motives breed political radicalism, Incendies is occasionally - but not fatally - stymied by its clever-clever narrative contrivance.
0.4 Normally I'm against decent original stories being dumbed down and squashed into bog-standard thriller shapes. But Incendies is in dire need of some dumbing down.
0.75 Of the four 2010 Best Foreign Language Film Oscar nominees that I've seen, Canada's Incendies ranks as the only one remotely worthy of the prize.
0.8 It isn't easy to open out a well-respected stage play without losing a lot of its bite and subtlety.
0.8 Denis Villeneuve's tormented family drama strips off one layer of meaning after another on its way to a thoroughly jolting terminus.
0.75 The movie never feels long, partly because of Azabal's terrific performance.
0.6 It is not really believable, and yet if it is not taken literally, but as a cinematic prose-poem, it has undoubted force.
0.8 Incendies is in essence a family drama, astonishingly intense but impressively poised.
0.8 Elemental and expertly directed, Nawal's story haunts long after the credits have rolled.
0.8 A wholly cinematic drama that combines twists and suspense with harrowing political insight.
0.8 Impressively directed and superbly edited, this is a powerful, well-structured drama that packs a devastating emotional punch, though it's also slightly too long and veers dangerously close to manipulative melodrama in places.
0.8 No-one's idea of an easy watch, but Incendies is an essential one, announcing Villeneuve as a major filmmaking talent and Azabal as an actress of remarkable versatility.
0.6 A strong film based on a weak story.
0.8 Terrific stuff.
0.8 Expertly shifting between present and past , writer-director Denis Villeneuve displays an impressive command of his material, patiently building up to an emotionally explosive climax.
0.8 As the horrors become clear, as rape and torture and death draw us deeper into the abyss, Incendies hopes to help us see clearly. It doesn't always succeed.
1.0 The most intense film I've seen all year. It's also one of the most compelling -- and, in its own way, one of the most entertaining.
0.5 Incendies is a grueling, harrowing trek in search of identity. It is more an emotional experience than an intellectual exercise, more the heart than the head.
1.0 The movie plays out like a page-turning novel that you can't put down. There are a number of shocking revelations that take you completely by surprise. The acting is outstanding, especially the...
0.4 Instead of finding resonance between personal and political tragedy, the film only succeeds in cheapening both.
0.8 It would be difficult not to be swept away by the dramatic intensity of Incendies.
0.875 he film offers moments for comprehension and reflection, beautifully pacing itself right up until its stunning conclusion.
0.7 Imaginative and illuminating, demonstrating that children often have no idea about what went on in their parents' lives during the formative years before they were born.
0.75 A deeply resonant literary quality gives what might otherwise seem like a dubious series of coincidences a profound sense of plausibility.
0.875 Begins with a promise and ends with revelations so combustible they'll consume anyone who uncovers the truth.
0.9 Manufactures shocks that have purpose, and that resonate long after the anxious feelings the movie prompts have finally settled.
1.0 It is no surprise that it was nominated for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.
0.625 Villaneuve knows how to stoke a hot debate about the legacy of violence. But in this case, where there's smoke, there's not enough air.
0.8 There is great beauty and great sorrow in Nawal's story and Villeneuve and his actors do it great justice.
0.875 The movie, engrossing as it is intentionally horrifying, is capped by a last-minute revelation that brings the story to a haunting, powerful close.
0.25 The title means "scorched," but "burned" is closer to how I felt.
0.875 If you think of Canadian films as the movie equivalent of cucumber sandwiches and chamomile tea, hold tight.
0.875 A mystery, a melodrama, a prison film, and a love story, "Incendies'' is foremost a scream of rage at a society destroyed by religion and by men.
0.9 Villeneuve's telling of her story - and of her children's - is painful, searing and something close to brilliant.
0.875 Incendies moves back and forth between the 1980s and the present, and every scene is unexpected, from the forced recruitment of child soldiers accompanied by a mournful Radiohead song to a startling revelation at a Montreal swimming pool.
0.5 Overplays its hand, piling tragedy on tragedy until we feel browbeaten with misery.
0.8 [T]ragic human coincidences. . . strain credulity [d]espite exemplary acting, cinematography, insightful scope and contemporary relevance. . .but is a powerful teaching tool.
1.0 "Incendies" is no mere riff on a Greek mainstay. It is its own entity, delicate and fierce.
1.0 Absolutely shattering. Nawal forces information on her children because while there may be devastation in knowledge, there is no peace of mind in uncertainty.
0.875 Most people do not choose their religions but have them forced upon themselves by birth, and the lesson of "Incendies" is that an accident of birth is not a reason for hatred.
0.8 Incendies is a tough film but a sensitive one.
0.9 Denis Villeneuve's latest film is a spectacular experience; the type of epic family mystery that is a Greek tragedy delivered to modern times.
0.9 Flashing backwards and forwards through time, the film includes enough emotional firepower and startling revelations to keep you guessing at every turn.
0.875 Infused with mystery, tragedy and humor, serving as a genealogical study and Greek tragedy wrapped in one, it's a fine achievement of bold, deeply felt cinema.
1.0 The storytelling in Incendies strikes me as primal the way Greek tragedy is primal. Shattering. Cathartic. It is a breathtaking film.
0.71 As a film of ideas, it's disappointing, but as a two-hour ride it's definitely worth your time.
0.875 Villeneuve has a sober eye and a steady hand.
0.5 A kind name for this attitude is false moral equivalence, or perhaps post-imperial cringe. A less kind one is Western self-hatred, or an urgent plea to tolerate the intolerant.
0.8 Filled with striking images and the ghosts of lives lived in hardship and war, "Incendies" is tough but impactful.
0.8 Though "Incendies" provides an unflinching account of brutality, it also suggests that to keep such an account can be a transformative act of kindness.
0.7 With a quiet restraint and an economy of movement in even the most brutal moments, Azabal makes the sometimes operatic extremes of Nawal's tribulations come to chilling life.
0.875 Incendies is a devastating mystery thriller from Quebec filmmaker Denis Villeneuve that grabs you hard and won't let go.
0.7 Weaves a captivating mystery in its contemporary segments and only slightly less intriguing drama in its tragedy-packed flashbacks.
0.7 delivered with a thunderous emotional wallop
0.2 Incendies is about as meretriciously overdetermined as art cinema, or any kind of cinema for that matter, gets.
0.8 Both powerful and moving.
0.8 It's devastating.
1.0 A staggering political drama that could put you in mind of the intimate sweep of Bernardo Bertolucci, Incendies feels like a mighty movie in our midst.
0.875 Reverberates with the power and passion of Greek tragedy.
0.8 Villeneuve expertly handles the tricky balance between telling a straightforward, naturalistic story of one family and creating an allegory whose meaning goes far beyond the events of the surface narrative.
0.8 A substantive Canadian film revolving around trips made to the Middle East to confront family secrets and a glimpse of the dehumanization of war.
0.625 The film's high drama, like its dexterous handling of narrative and its expert mixture of static framings and skillful tracking shots, seems like so much empty sensation.
0.7 full review at Movies for the Masses
0.7 Though providing food for thought regarding the nature of conflict and how easy it is to tear a community apart, Villeneuve's heavy-handed approach to metaphor will not be for everyone.
0.875 ...a compelling and downright powerful piece of work from one of Canada's most promising up and coming directors.
0.8 Director Denis Villeneuve has adapted the play (with the English title Scorched) by Wajdi Mouawad with riveting cinematic images.
0.9 It is the very fact that the hatred is blind, one group attacking each other just because it's ingrained to do so, that is at the heart of this sad, magnificent film.
0.8 It's one of the best movies I've seen all year, and certainly the best Canadian one.
0.75 Incendies is a significant international step forward for a filmmaker who has already established himself as one of Quebec's most distinctive cinematic stylists.
1.0 One of the best films we've seen in some time, an incredibly powerful film that unfolds in such unique and unexpected ways, it's not an experience easily forgotten or dismissed.
1.0 All involved with Incendies are working at the top of their game, but Azabal stands first amongst equals.
0.875 A Greek tragedy set against the backdrop of a war movie.
0.75 A sensible switch from stage to screen, but lovers of the original may be disappointed
0.8 Villeneuve's control over the material, Andre Turpin's vivid cinematography, and committed performances make this modern-day Greek tragedy feel timeless.
0.875 Like Memento, it invites viewing over and over again.
0.75 Insomnia is not so much about the murder mystery as it is about Will's internal struggle with what's right and what's possibly okay.
0.875 Insomnia proves that Memento wasn't a fluke: Nolan is a major talent with many more good films ahead of him.
0.375 Christopher Nolan's Insomnia adds 11 minutes to the Norwegian movie of the same name and manages to make everything that was fleeting and tantalizing in the original weighty, literal and dull.
0.8 Christopher Nolan's follow-up to Memento is just as taut and ambiguous as its predecessor and -- arguably -- features better performances from its leading me
0.8 This skilfully directed psychodrama from Christopher Nolan proves that hit European movies can be remade successfully.
0.6 Insomnia is a slow burn, and the European influences are very obvious in both pacing and tone.
0.6 ...if there is anything that spoils the fun, it's the plot itself, which is too straightforward and offers too few surprises to be entirely engaging.
0.875 Pacino can't be accused of sleepwalking through Christopher Nolan's brilliant Insomnia.
1.0 This director has an unerring knack for arresting imagery and disorienting narrative.
0.75 Director Christopher Nolan sure does like to mess with the senses.
0.75 Fans of the original will miss its relentless dyspepsia, but Nolan's intention was clearly to cast the material in a more conventional Hollywood mold without turning it into namby-pamby nonsense, and he succeeds admirably.
0.875 Very good...
0.7 Never reaches its full potential, but still manages to be better than the average, run-of-the-mill crime thriller.
0.8 Inteligente suspense que conta com otimos dialogos e atuacoes deslumbrantes de Pacino e Williams. As cenas em que estes contracenam sao geniais - e a fotografia e as locacoes sao belissimas.
0.8 Pacino is on world-beating form and Williams delivers his best straight performance yet.
0.8 A classic example of a director bringing his own vision to the mainstream.
0.9 Pacino gives one of the best performances I've seen him in; his sense of sleeplessness is infectuous, weighing down the entire proceeding with a kind of relentless fatigue.
0.7 It grabs us with the premise and holds our attention and doesn't let go.
0.8 Head and shoulders above the usual Hollywood thriller and that rare thing, a decent remake of a foreign film.
0.8 At its core, a standard cop drama, complete with the climactic crescendo of violence. But by then we're completely in its spell.
0.7 Instead of being another by-the-numbers cop chases killer movie, it delves deeper into the central characters worlds and portrays neither as straight-out good guy or bad guy.
0.8 There are "strange things done in the midnight sun" by a killer -- and by a cop -- in this taut remake from the director of Memento.
0.75 Insomnia is not a flawless movie, but it is the kind of thriller that gets under your skin -- an effect that plenty of sleekly crafted films never manage to achieve.
0.6 The pluses of the film are excellent cinematography and sound effects.
0.875 The film is more interested in being a character study than using a complex web of events to gyp us around.
1.0 This could this be The Big Sleep for a new generation.
0.875 The talented Nolan won't need to lose any sleep over whether he lived up to expectations.
0.8 Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer, his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical.
0.9 The screenplay by Hillary Seitz provides leading actors Robin Williams and Al Pacino with many big, challenging moments.
0.75 It's a crafty story told with more style and gray areas than your average thriller.
0.7 Held together by Al Pacino's Oscar-worthy performance.
0.875 It's a thinking man's movie in the blockbuster season and an excellent counterbalance to the comic thrills of Star Wars and Spider-Man.
0.8 Insomnia is involving. Still, I thought it could have been more.
1.0 Everything fits together and complements every other aspect of the film, from the visuals of the desolate landscape to the sharp editing to the moody music.
0.85 Insomnia es la union de dos hombres que desbordan talento, en un thriller policiaco.
0.7 An artful, intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre.
0.5 It's paced well, filmed well, and acted well, and it looks like everyone managed to pick up their paychecks well, too.
0.875 Takes the killer's mind games with the detective to a disturbing level. Not since Seven has the bad guy so successfully undermined his pursuer's moral center.
0.75 Nolan shows that his achievement in Memento was no fluke, although this time around he plays it safer
0.7 The strength in this lies in the performances, and while Al Pacino is doing yet another tired cop character which he's become well known for he still is just utterly compelling to watch on screen.
0.875 ...a noble nail-biter, a killer thriller than shows us that the fine battle lines between trusted cop and conniving criminal can be shaken and blurred...and thoroughly enjoyed.
0.75 The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor, and when it does elect to head off in its own direction, it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities.
0.9 Al Pacino looks like absolute death in this movie, the first bona fide masterpiece of 2002.
0.8 What I thought was another wacky adventure with Dave Attell turned out to be a thrilling and absorbing tale on moral and ethical decay.
0.9 Robin plays the role of the killer with chilling logic and reason, which makes his performance all the more disturbing.
0.7 This movie may not keep you up at night, but it will keep you guessing until the very end.
0.8 Summer Movie Season? Oscar Season!
1.0 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity.
0.8 If Insomnia proves anything, it's that Christopher Nolan is just as good at telling stories moving forward as he is at telling them in reverse.
1.0 Not only is Insomnia one of the most intense police procedurals ever filmed, it's also one of the most riveting moral dramas I've ever seen.
0.625 Nolan has not made a poor movie... but he has made a poor remake.
0.7 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure.
0.875 A skillfully complex and engrossing character study...A challenging piece of work that does not just thrill, but provokes thought out of its attentive evocations.
0.75 The tense interplay between Pacino and Williams alone makes the film worth watching.
0.625 Insomnia certainly won't put you to sleep.
0.5 The Hollywood remake feels oddly castrated when compared to the original.
0.75 Registers as a superb, intricate, emotional thriller, complete with an ending that complements the film's intelligence.
1.0 This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise: Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams.
0.6 Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence, of good guys and bad, and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means.
0.75 It proves quite compelling as an intense, brooding character study.
0.875 Pacino, his creased face looking like it's been aged in a smokehouse, is wonderfully bleary as the increasingly confused Dormer.
0.7 The film is a solid, character-driven piece, with a terrific visual look and a good score, but it's not quite the brilliant, edge of your seat thriller that it seems it also wants to be.
0.75 A haunting psychological drama.
0.75 A fairly classy thriller.
0.875 It'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense.
1.0 An impressive follow-up to Memento and confirms the director's considerable promise.
0.75 Nolan delivers a psychological thriller that is taut with suspense and visually stunning, even if it doesn't exactly break new ground.
0.75 With Insomnia, his third feature, Nolan, 32, has proven himself a precocious master of the thriller.
0.9 A taut, fully realized thriller that's destined for canonization by suspense buffs and Art-heads alike.
0.875 That rare instance where Hollywood improves upon a movie from foreign soil.
1.0 A four-course gourmet alternative to summer popcorn flicks, serving up the meatiest performances Al Pacino and Robin Williams have given in many years.
0.625 Given all the resources in the world, Nolan, a director-for-hire here, responds by stretching his legs rather than his imagination.
0.75 Proves the 32-year-old Nolan is the real deal, a gifted storyteller who knows how to use style, mood and composition to illustrate his characters' inner lives along with their actions.
0.75 Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original, but it doesn't disgrace it, either.
0.8 A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail.
0.8 A nightmarish thriller that continues to haunt the viewer long after the film's shocking and disturbing climax unfolds.
0.8 We've got three Oscar-winning actors here and everybody does amazing work.
0.75 When all else is said and done, Insomnia runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino's performance.
1.0 Atmospheric and deeply attuned to nuance, Insomnia is a thinking ticket buyer's murder mystery.
0.875 This English-language redo actually manages to better flesh out the characters and explain some fuzzy motivations, which makes it a definite improvement on the original.
0.875 Nolan and cinematographer Wally Pfister know how to mix riveting action with psychological drama.
1.0 Williams' devious, subtly psychotic turn here is some of the finest work of his career, and beautifully matches, in their scenes together, Pacino's uncharacteristically whispery portrayal of a man losing every one of his bearings.
0.8 Pacino hasn't been this good in ages, dropping his usual mannerisms to dig deep into his multi-layered character, and Williams makes a chillingly serene psycho.
0.875 Unlike most remakes, the Nolan Insomnia is not a pale retread, but a re-examination of the material, like a new production of a good play.
0.7 A superior version of an already very good film.
0.75 It's a psychological thriller with actual thrills and actual psychology.
0.875 In a movie brimming with visual flair, Nolan also leaves room for his actors.
0.6 An excellent film.
0.6 There's nothing extremely wrong with this piece, but there's nothing terribly right about it, either.
0.8 A complex, thoughtful thriller.
0.5 There's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought.
0.9 One of the most satisfying crime thrillers in years. See it. And then give the original a rent. It's only fair.
0.5 Pacino slips in and out of a Southern accent so badly it seems like a joke he's pulling on us... Robin Williams plays Mork on heroin.
0.875 It's a cat-and-mouse game, but Insomnia feels original because Pacino is both cat and mouse.
0.875 An intelligent cat and mouse thriller with Pacino and Williams taking turns at being the cat.
0.75 Nolan has proved that he's as adept with a straightforward and well-plotted thriller as he is with a idiosyncratic, ingenious one.
0.875 How often can you say a remake is better than the original, especially a Hollywood remodeling of a quirky foreign film?
1.0 The acting alone is worth the price of admission.
0.75 Proves the best (read: most unsettling) of its type since The Pledge.
0.875 Pacino fans ought to go nuts for this performance, since it's one of his best in years.
0.8 A dark character study of incredible intelligence.
0.8 If you enjoy taut murder mysteries with deep character predicaments, this film will likely appeal to your tastes.
0.71 The filmmakers have succumbed to the temptation of saying too much and leaving too little for us to discern on our own.
1.0 Both a picture in the Hitchcockian tradition designed to purely tingle your senses & a thinking person's drama that constantly defies you to ask, "What would you do?"
0.75 A thinking person's detective story with an intriguing cat-and-mouse game between perp and investigator.
0.75 While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional, even predictable remake, Nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends (it) stimulating depth.
0.625 Dormer's eerie descent into the film's Alaskan burb feels like the start of a very eerie episode of "Fantasy Island."
0.75 The hook is the drama within the drama, as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight.
0.9 Nolan has made a film that achieves in both acting and visual technique.
0.75 The tense and atmospheric film has plenty of twists, although many of them are easy to guess. The treat is watching veteran actor Pacino at work.
0.75 Thoughtful, gripping and steeped in action that defines character.
0.8 It's an uplifting audience pleaser that also showcases film-making arts and crafts at an exalted level.
1.0 Watching Firth agonisingly stammer his way through the closing speech at the Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium in 1925 is a masterclass in acting.
0.9 A superior historical drama and a sincerely inspiring movie experience.
1.0 Firth masterfully conveys the ego of royalty undercut so sharply by the humility of Albert's predicament.
0.875 The King's Speech is the kind of history lesson you wish you had gotten in school, an inspiring private story behind a public person that layers high-minded ideals and occasionally lowbrow humor.
0.8 The film is richly rooted, with splendid trappings, including pea-soup fogs. For all the pomp and protocol, it's an intimate story about a scared man who must find his voice if he is to rise, in regal stature, above his epaulets.
1.0 This is prestige-moviemaking at a high level.
0.75 Rush is enormously entertaining as the free-spirited Lionel (at one point he plunks himself down on the throne, rendering the king horror-struck). He also makes his character's sadder shades felt.
0.75 The surprise may be that for all the attention on Firth -- who's certainly good -- Rush actually proves more impressive.
1.0 Here's how you know Colin Firth's performance in this movie is among the year's very finest: He plays a figure born into almost unimaginable wealth, privilege and power and succeeds at making you feel sorry for him.
0.8 Call it a glossy inspirational inversion of Pygmalion, or a sports flick for those who prefer royals to athletes, but there's no denying the universal appeal of director Tom Hooper's tastefully wrapped package.
0.875 Surprisingly funny.
0.8 The King's Speech features a fantastic, awards courting performance by Firth and is also brilliantly written, resulting in a surprisingly tense and very entertaining watch.
1.0 An inspiring story about one man's quest to overcome a speech impediment to lead his nation.
0.8 It is a wonderful entertainment, a fascinating history lesson and a showcase for several delightful performances.
0.6 A polite, occasionally rousing, and more often than not, boring affair.
0.875 A charming, personal period drama.
0.86 The relationship between a commoner teacher and regal student provides for enough drama, and the obstacle overcome is both inspiring and unique.
0.875 In The King's Speech, Colin Firth once again reminds us of what a great actor he is.
0.875 Polished, thoughtful and touching.
1.0 The King's Speech is the rare work of art that's also an immense crowdpleaser.
1.0 Inspiring, funny, touching, and delivered with craftsmanship and artistry.
1.0 A feel-good movie with a hearty dose of history and a hint of edge, a most-deserving Oscar winner
0.9 Despite the obvious movie structure that gets forced onto historical events, The King's Speech is a terrific film with great performances and an inspiring story.
0.8 It's not quite the world-beating effort the British film press might have you thinking it is, but it's a perfectly functional, frequently enjoyable biopic that knows the right buttons to push and has all the right people pushing them.
1.0 It's a wonderfully delightful film filled with great performances, particularly from Firth and Rush. This is one of the best films of the year and should not be missed.
0.56 Every quality amounts to a big so what? for me.
1.0 ( ... ) a British film where the swearing isn't a bolted-on means of trying to appeal to the cloth-eared.
0.8 The story is consistently fascinating (though it certainly plays rather fast and loose with historical facts) whilst Hooper manages to wring dramatic tension out of some of the most seemingly mundane incidents.y.
0.875 A humorous look at an oft-ignored section of British history.
0.8 This is a film worth talking about.
1.0 It is a rare movie indeed that successfully uses empathy rather than sympathy. We feel what the character feels, instead of feeling for them.
0.8 This movie took me by surprise -- I had no idea that it that would be the most satisfying, affecting buddy movie of the recent past.
1.0 A British production featuring meticulous period detail, outstanding performances from Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, and Helena Bonham Carter, and inventive staging and visuals
0.6 Movies like this allow you to fall in love with a historical family you probably wouldn't want to be friends with otherwise.
0.9 Why did Edward abdicate again? What am I, a history professor?
0.875 The threat of world war looms outside the door, but the movie is really about one man, at war with himself, and the people close to him who helped him find peace.
0.9 Witty script, quirky performances, flawless casting and wonderfully inventive cinematography. Golf claps all round.
0.49 The tone shifts, lamentably, from one buoyed by awkward comedy and very British charm to one that is more concerned with decorum and duty. What was a remarkably entertaining costume drama soon becomes a remarkable slog.
1.0 Like similar films with populist appeal, it both embraces its feel-good intentions and wears them on its sleeve. And it executes its model to near perfection.
1.0 Such is the power in Rush and Firth's performances that you can't wait until they're on-screen next.
0.5 A conventional over-hyped picture lifted by unconventional fairly-hyped performances. Truly the m - m - most British movie ever made.
0.8 Apesar de adoravel, e um grande filme? Uma obra que mereca, por exemplo, entrar no restritissimo clube das producoes indicadas a 12 Oscars ou mais? A resposta, temo, e um inequivoco "nao".
0.8 Hooper has teased out of the brilliant script and Oscar-worthy central performances an electric crowd-pleaser that borrows the best of Brit period cinema...while eliding the very worst.
1.0 An utterly absorbing relationship study between a Royal and a commoner ... shining gem in British cinema's crown jewels, full of wit and decorum.
0.8 A crowning achievement that's sure to be the talk of this awards season.
0.75 designed to be a feel-good history lesson, one that reminds us in no uncertain terms that royals are people too, while not dismissing the wealth of privilege they call home
0.875 The King's Speech is the epitome of prestige cinema, an impeccably crafted and emotionally compelling drama that deserves the many laurels it surely will receive.
0.875 Wonderful entertainment, anchored by two brilliant actors acting brilliantly together.
0.6 (...) Una pelicula riquisima, inteligente, excelentemente interpretada y que nos permite descubrir un capitulo poco conocido de la historia real britanica.
0.5 A scantily used Rorschach device typifies the wasted potential here.
0.8 Sturdy entertainment.
1.0 This is an actor's movie and the three leads are absolutely brilliant.
0.8 It's the sort of thing we do awf'ly well.
0.8 This excellent buddy flick is an easily accessible and very satisfying comedy-drama... An intelligent, feel-good hit.
1.0 Wonderful performances, a bit of history and an absorbing character study make 'The King's Speech' one of the best movies of the year.
0.8 Not for the action crowd but for those who like their movies deep and inspiring this is one of the best ever.
1.0 The King's Speech is hand's down 2010's best movie and will - in the end - leave you speechless.
0.875 "The King's Speech" is a finely crafted period piece that mixes drama, some social comedy and sumptuous movie making into an entertaining and inspirational cinematic experience.
1.0 I'm sure I could find a fault somewhere in this film if I really tried, but it wouldn't be significant enough to matter. The King's Speech is perfect.
1.0 A touching, impeccably made drama with wonderful characters and some of the year's most memorable dialogue.
0.8 A well crafted piece of entertainment built around a couple of flashy but engaging performances from Firth and Geoffrey Rush...
0.75 The relationship between teacher and monarch is what really makes the film worth seeing.
0.8 A little bit of rounding of Firth's character, a little more time spent on his less pleasant characteristics and less attention spent on building dramatic stakes would have built something stronger than what we've finally gotten.
1.0 This is a stunning piece of cinema and a perfect, feel-good start to the New Year.
0.875 The King's Speech is all about layers, and (director Tom) Hooper keeps it humming on several at once.
0.8 The true-life story of a king's efforts to overcome his stammer in order to face his public, constructed like a contemporary makeover narrative.
1.0 The rumours are completely true. The superlatives are completely justified. Colin Firth really does give the performance of his life as the Queen's father, George VI.
0.8 Not just one of the most entertaining British films in years, but one of the most intriguing, too.
0.7 Top-drawer performances and a script spun from an intriguing episode in the British blueblood annals, this is a solid, slick but undeniably conventional crowd-pleaser.
1.0 Very funny in some places, full of tension in others and terribly moving at times, The King's Speech is brilliantly written and performed.
1.0 By the film's end I was in tears: a pathetic critic-thing whimpering in the half-dark, knocked into resistlessness by the power of storytelling.
0.8 A fascinating insight into an untold piece of history, The King's Speech is warm-hearted and funny when it could have been frightfully dull.
1.0 It certainly has the whiff of Oscar bait about it. But when it's executed this superbly you can't help but concede it's good enough to warrant it.
0.8 A rich and warm study of the royal family of England. This is one of the best-written films of the year.
0.4 A stuffy melodrama tailored for the therapist acting-a-thon. A tragic combo.
0.8 Colin Firth's made an amazing film by being a stuttering, upper-class English gent? Hugh Grant must be bloody kicking himself.
0.9 As you get into the film you realize it's...quite an extraordinary framework in which Colin Firth can deliver this performance.
1.0 At its best when highlighting the delightful badinage between Colin Firth as the recently-crowned King George VI and Geoffrey Rush as his not so humble servant, a charming rogue if there ever was one.
1.0 Think the blazing joys of Chariots Of Fire where the race is to the end of a sentence. Can it be that the British are coming?
0.7 Gains its mileage from likable characters being played by fine actors, and ends up as another example of formula polished to a bright shine.
0.875 Two great performances, neither marked by that 'look at me!' showiness all too often found in those genteel, award-grubbing, British period pieces that always come out this time of year. Instead they seem, well, very human.
0.75 Hooper shoots much of the action with Terry Gilliam-esque 'fisheye' lenses, to suggest that Bertie feels alienated from his environment and to add a funhouse aspect to a story that might have been played entirely straight...
0.9 Firth and Rush are the best on-screen duo of the year.
0.9 The film everybody's talking about is, quite fittingly, a film about talking. And a great one, certainly as far as A-grade performance showcases go.
0.75 Hooper keeps us focused on what's best about "The King's Speech": the sort of complicated, unusual relationship that is an ideal subject for a movie.
0.875 In a 24-hour news cycle, it's hard to believe a man with the elocution of a Pet Rock could be crowned King of the World. But at a time when the phonograph was high-tech and British figureheads weren't doing karaoke with Elton John, it could happen.
0.89 Lots of people will consider The King's Speech the best movie of the year; for me it's simply one of the best-made movies of the year.
0.8 he King's Speech brings a country's amorphous fear of war and a sudden king's dread of his hesitant supremacy into perfect, uncommon focus.
1.0 It is an intelligent, winning drama fit for a king -- and the rest of us. And this year, there were far too few of those coming from Hollywood.
0.9 Straight from the school of Inspirational Tales from History, what it lacks in novelty it makes up for in executing this type of movie-making about as well as it can be done.
0.875 The King's Speech is anything but a stiff-upper-lip drama as constrained as a corseted queen. It is, however, perfect film fodder for discerning audiences starved for literate entertainment.
0.9 OK, sure, "The King's Speech" obviously is feel-good Oscar bait, but who cares? It's also a terrific movie with two fantastic performances at its heart.
1.0 "The King's Speech" is old-fashioned filmmaking at its best: a good story, elegantly told, and a joy to watch.
0.75 Rush gives a singular performance...
1.0 Put aside the finery, eloquent dialogue and sublime acting, and you have a marvelous odd couple farce featuring Bertie and Lionel, a timid, tongue-tied king and a casual, self-assured commoner.
0.75 A stylish historical drama that suffers from self-importance.
1.0 A warm and compelling drama filled with humanity and the happy knack for being moving and funny at the same time.
1.0 This cinematic royal gem should take its rightful place as king of the mountain right alongside "The Queen," "Elizabeth" and "Shakespeare in Love." This movie is my choice to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
0.875 The film is beautifully put together, bouncing back and forth between comedic highpoints and tear-inducing moments of triumph ...
1.0 Against the odds, The King's Speech is a triumph, a laugh-until-you-cry, cry-until-you-laugh emotional roller coaster.
1.0 Not merely a spot-on period piece; it's also a heartfelt study in the shadings of courage, a film about duty and friendship that's often warmly funny and sometimes painful to watch.
0.8 Although far from a traditional end-of-year monarchical film, The King's Speech is an entertaining sidebar to history and, unlike the King's actual speech, is a joy to sit through.
1.0 With the calendar almost closed, the best mature drama of 2010 arrives. Firth and Rush are majestic, as is Hooper's handling of touching history.
1.0 The King's Speech is a warm, wise film -- the best period movie of the year and one of the year's best movies, period.
0.875 A fully satisfying and uplifting period piece that achieves its dramatic potential without sacrificing historical accuracy.
0.7 A playful comic drama that treats serious matters of state as a sitcom-level inconvenience for three perfectly delightful characters played by three talented actors at peak blitheness.
0.8 The King Speech ... is practically the definition of Oscar bait. It's a veritable trifle of sumptuous delights for members of the Academy to nosh on. The King's Speech is Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory to the voters' Augustus Gloop.
0.8 Firth catches all this in a performance that runs from anguish to a deadpan acceptance of the absurdities that are part of his predicament.
0.75 The movie's main accomplishment is that it takes Grade A Oscar fodder and makes it not only tolerable, but enjoyable.
1.0 Let's say it without equivocation: Colin Firth deserves an Oscar for his lead role in The King's Speech as the stammering King George VI.
0.8 Brilliantly observed, thoughtful, intellifent.
0.9 By now we almost take Firth's brilliance for granted. Almost. He's magnificent here, as are Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter.
0.875 This is a film bursting with words; much of it elegant dialogue, some of it energetic bursts of profanity. But Lionel and Bertie's close relationship is built soundly upon them, and it's a believable bond.
0.7 The King's Speech is a good film that's been inflated by some viewers to great even if it doesn't quite deserve the throne.
0.9 The King's Speech contains brilliant cinematography, acting and direction. The flick was as exciting as 3D action-adventure! Give Firth the Oscar!
0.9 full review at Movies for the Masses
1.0 So refreshingly entertaining and touching that you want everyone you know to see it twice.
0.875 Go! Enjoy!
0.9 A beautifully crafted, sturdily constructed, sublimely written story shimmering with robust humanity and impish wit.
0.875 A rich comedy of class reconciliation, the humanity of regality, and the healing power of vocal exercises.
0.625 Strip it down to its barest form, and what you have is a been-there-done-that sports movie with a speech standing in for 'the big game'.
0.875 Although everything can go wrong with a film before it gets to the casting stage, and often does, a couple of marvelous performances can elevate solid, well-carpentered material and make it something special.
0.9 With its rich source material shaped from real-life events, The King's Speech doesn't need to overplay its hand -- especially not with a king waiting in the hole.
0.8 Tom Hooper has managed to take a predictable story fit for a TV movie and turn it into one of the year's best films.
1.0 As the speechmaker and his speech teacher, Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush elevate each other's game to the stratosphere and beyond.
0.625 Complacent middlebrow tosh engineered for maximum awards bling and catering to a nostalgia for the royalty we've never actually had to live with.
0.7 Most people will enjoy The King's Speech, and many will forget it immediately afterwards.
1.0 If the British monarchy is good for nothing else, it's superb at producing the subjects of films.
0.5 The Madness of King George (1994) is a lot more substantive than this precious bid for kneejerk Oscars.
0.9 David Seidler writes in a way that Aaron Sorkin of The Social Network couldn't; he successfully balances truth and entertainment, injecting a keen sense of humour without costing the film its humanity or credibility.
0.8 This is a real actor's piece and Geoffrey Rush, who was one of the executive producers, and Colin Firth are really superb in these roles; Helena Bonham Carter too.
0.8 The heart of this film is the relationship between Bertie and Lionel and it works superbly because of those performances.
1.0 If the thought of watching a film about the Duke of York overcoming his speech impediment already has you clicking elsewhere, then director Tom Hooper's masterfully-crafted biopic may not be for you. You'll be missing out.
0.9 ...both hilarious and heartfelt, a genial and genuine experience made even more startling by the brilliant acting involved.
0.875 ...inherently intriguing...
0.875 The King's Speech is a lively burst of populist rhetoric, superbly performed and guaranteed to please even discriminating crowds.
0.9 The King's Speech is one of the best movies you'll see all year.
1.0 It's the odds-on favourite to win Best Picture at the next Academy Awards in February, and deservedly so.
0.7 ...a touching tribute to a man who has been ignored by history ...enlivened by the performances of Rush and Firth aided by a fine performance by Carter.
0.7 The King's Speech offers a much-needed dose of wit. It's a clever and engaging motion picture. The dialogue has snap, panache, and charm. Ah, speech that matters. What a concept.
1.0 One of the many remarkable things about The King's Speech is how this subtle film's central relationship speaks to the divisions between people.
1.0 Superb drama about overcoming fears is fine for teens.
1.0 Director Tom Hooper...could here be said to cross up underdog-biopic expectations in what amounts to a high-toned, elegantly upholstered buddy flick.
0.9 There is much to like here and it truly succeeds at what it sets out to do, and that is inspire, enlighten and entertain.
1.0 The King's Speech is that rare classy period piece that isn't like eating spinach; it's a treat from beginning to end.
0.75 The King's Speech has been crafted to serve as an actors' showcase first and foremost and Firth and Rush don't disappoint.
1.0 Colin Firth is extraordinary and Geoffrey Rush is electrifying in this engrossing, fact-based historical drama - one of the 10 Best of 2010.
0.75 The writing and the actors alone provide a happy and satisfying emotional connection.
1.0 The picture achieves the improbable feat of drawing out a king's humanity and minimizing the pomp and circumstance that so often negates it.
0.95 A direct and heartfelt piece of work.
0.875 The King's Speech -- a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast -- digs vibrant human drama out of the dry dust of history.
0.9 Offers a warmth and familiarity that allows for easy entry as an inspirational tale of overcoming one's shortcomings, while also delivering a rich multi-layered experience that stands up to repeat viewings.
0.8 It doesn't matter if watching a movie about the British royal family sounds like fun or homework -- The King's Speech is hard to resist.
0.6 Honestly, the thought of George VI flubbing his big moment pales in the larger picture. Via some closing text, we learn that he inspired the nation to strength. But politics is about more than being in fine voice.
0.8 ... as a genteel middlebrow entertainment, [this] is largely very well-played indeed, and thus deserves to do well.
0.6 ...a film too timid for its own good.
1.0 The King's Speech has left me speechless.
0.8 The sense of period is strong and made especially real in scenes in which royalty find themselves incongruously in small, distinctly non-palatial homes.
0.8 A year after his acclaimed performance in Tom Ford's A Single Man, Colin Firth delivers the finest of his career - as a stammering George VI.
0.5 The King's Speech remains a decorous bit of middlebrow mush.
1.0 An enthralling and heart affecting biodrama about an unusual friendship that transforms the life and soul of King George VI of England.
0.9 Besides being hugely entertaining, the film also gives Colin Firth yet another meaty role to dive into.
0.8 Stylishly directed, brilliantly written and featuring terrific performances from Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush, this is a hugely enjoyable, emotionally engaging drama that's almost certain to be leading the charge come Oscar time.
0.8 Tom Hooper's richly enjoyable and handsomely produced movie about George VI's struggle to cure his stammer is a massively confident crowd-pleaser.
1.0 With first rate performances from an A-list cast, the handsome period piece The King's Speech is one of the most accessibly entertaining films of its kind in years.
1.0 Colin Firth excels as England's shy, repressed, stammering monarch, George VI (aka "Bertie"), in a performance that's deftly matched, syllable for syllable, by Geoffrey Rush.
0.8 This is a fine picture all around.
0.9 Inspiring, and wholly entertaining, THE KING'S SPEECH is an example of the type of film that isn't made enough anymore.
1.0 Ford, with his Star Wars cachet, was Blade Runner's top-line draw, but it's Hauer's movie all the way, his shimmering "replicant" providing the tonal touchstone for Ridley Scott's severally reworked masterpiece.
1.0 This remains an astonishing achievement: a Dystopian sci-fi epic that is also one of the best film noirs of recent times.
1.0 "Blade Runner is a film set 40 years hence, made in the style of 40 years ago," Ridley Scott said of his celebrated science-fiction noir. Perhaps that other-worldly "retrofitted" look is why it seems ageless, despite being set in 2019.
1.0 Scott's visionary thriller makes the acid rain/neon-drenched Los Angeles of 2019 a far colder, more violent and depressing place.
1.0 Another chance to savour its pure unhurried strangeness, beginning with that bizarre vista of 2019 LA, with four tall buildings mysteriously belching fire-plumes into the night like apocalyptic oil rigs.
0.6 It's a quest movie - where one thing leads mechanically to another to another to another. There are no twists. It's noir only in atmosphere and expressionist lighting schemes.
1.0 The single most immersive and tactile world ever created for the cinema.
1.0 Perhaps on its deepest level, "Blade Runner" explores ... a theme as old as Genesis and the myth of Prometheus, and iterated in "Paradise Lost," Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein," and in Blake's arcane, visionary mythology.
1.0 A compelling classic nature story.
0.8 On the surface it seems very familiar ... and not altogether inaccessible to American audiences, but it also has the depth and substance we expect from our imports.
0.8 Powerful film where the transformation is painful to watch, but leaves you feeling hope. It took me by surprise at several turns and stayed with me long after the final credits rolled.
0.4 Add the mystique of a foreign language, and suddenly the U.S. considers it an art film.
0.625 Extremely watchable, even if it never goes as deep as it should.
0.3 Hafstrom's dramatic sense is ... pedestrian and snail's-pace obvious.
0.625 Movies like Evil entertain us by serving sweet revenge on a platter, and director Mikael Hafstrom manipulates emotions more intelligently than most.
0.75 Wilson, who plays Erik, had never been in a film before Evil -- which was nominated for a best foreign-language Oscar in 2004 -- and there's no reason that he can't make many more of them.
0.75 Its stuffy, private-school scenes nearly turn the whole thing into The Dead Pugilist's Society, but this Swedish import does have its chilling moments.
0.625 Director Mikael Hafstrom exudes no subtlety and lets the blood flow, at odds with the nonviolent moral message this Oscar-nominated film aims to deliver.
0.6 Solid enough, its main flaw is a sense of restraint -- it never quite ventures into the surreal darkness of the obviously comparable If...
0.8 Director Mikael Hafstrom demonstrates a sure hand with the material and is definitely a talent to keep an eye on.
0.625 The way it plays out, Evil feeds the audience's bloodlust as much as it decries the worst acts of its characters.
0.625 So unsubtle as to verge on the comical ... this didactic drama is set safely in the past and says nothing about the culture of conformity at all costs that hasn't been said before.
0.75 While it's sometimes obvious, Hafstrom's film is so emotionally satisfying on a gut level -- like Rebel Without a Cause -- that it holds you from start to finish.
0.75 Hafstrom ... keeps us guessing as he confidently builds suspense.
0.5 Hafstrom never finds the shades in his morality tale, so while Wilson is an intensely charismatic actor, all he can do is respond to relentless, escalating tortures. It's immensely unpleasant for him, and, frankly, not a whole lot better for us.
0.8 The microcosm of the boarding school is a potent backdrop to be sure, but it is ultimately a metaphorical backdrop whose import reaches far beyond the story it tells.
0.5 The movie is as blunt as its title.
0.625 Comes perilously close to making Erik's suffering at the hands of sadistic upperclassmen seem almost fetishistic.
0.375 not even a film as colossally absurd as Crash dares to completely sum up its entire train of thought in its one-word title, but such is the insult this 2005 Oscar nominee from Sweden commits.
0.7 There are better films tackling similar issues, but Evil is a confident and well-told drama full of wonderful promise from both director and stars alike.
0.6 It's assured filmmaking and proof that school isn't always the best days of your life.
0.8 Embora moralmente confuso, o filme funciona ao acompanhar o fortalecimento psicologico do protagonista - e os jovens atores sao excepcionais.
0.8 It's Fight Club in a boarding school. It's Dead Poets without the superhero teacher. It's Good Will Hunting with a lot more bloodletting.
0.9 A charismatic teen controlling his power and meeting physical and mental cruelty with disciplined resistance and submission to pain makes this a penetrating character study.
0.5 Hafstrom leaves no loose end untied, and no easy sentiment untapped, but there's a didacticism to Evil that undercuts its sturdy narrative construction.
0.875 The most elemental and uncluttered of D.W. Griffith's major melodramas.
0.8 Definitely a silent drama fighting against the traditional limitations of the form and the strict social mores of the day. One of Lillian Gish's most moving performances.
0.8 One of the screen's greatest symbioses of performance and photography.
0.8 It's an important film that should be seen, but it's hardly the flawless masterpiece it's often hailed as.
0.9 There is so much that is unusually excellent and excellently unusual in Broken Blossoms that one is compelled by enthusiasm to write about it.
0.5 Progressive for its day, but strictly of historic value today.
1.0 The love story at the center of Broken Blossoms is deliberately overstuffed but unmistakably colored with infinite shades of biting irony and social critique.
0.8 Despite its old-fashioned melodrama roots, a great movie with Gish at her most beautiful and vulnerable. Griffith was the master.
0.875 Tremendously downbeat, but beautifully stylized.
1.0 Films like this, naive as they seem today, helped nudge a xenophobic nation toward racial tolerance.
0.6 Midlife crises, affairs, teen drinking, sex in indie drama.
0.65 A soft, pretty score and noteworthy camera work -- often close on the actors' hands or faces -- help keep this low-key film engrossing.
0.5 [Doremus] telegraphs the film's intentions early and builds at a ponderous, self-important pace toward a trite, unsatisfying finish.
0.9 The screen sparkles with the sexual tension between Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones...
0.375 A film about a May-December romance, it would be laborious to sit through at any time of year.
0.625 There's something flimsy and unformed at these characters' cores, something that no amount of jumpy close-ups, skittering sideways glances, and rainy music can make up for.
0.3 Fine performances barely make up for this melodrama's narrative bankruptcy.
0.625 It takes all of 10 minutes for Doremus' film to reveal itself to us: this is a movie about a conflicted father who has arrived at a crossroads, both morally and artistically.
0.5 A breathy tale of a not-quite love affair, Drake Doremus' "Breathe In" is yet another skillfully acted indie drama that's never quite good enough to be memorable.
0.5 Although Jones and Pearce are interesting when onscreen alone, their chemistry is slightly off.
0.4 Enough with the dramas about frustrated older men seeking a second chance at life and love through a barely legal girl. Please.
0.5 Falters with a bland and predictable emotional connection.
0.6 Doremus' beautifully shot, naturalistic style means there are no soap-opera hysterics, and he gets strong performances from all involved...But it's hard to get over the fact that Jones, who was born in 1983, is far too old to play a high school student.
1.05 Drake Doremus and his writing partner Ben York Jones' working method is unorthodox... and earlier films have established them as a creative team who have much on the ball...
0.625 Despite its title's implied urge to relax, refresh, recharge, "Breathe In" remains just a little too calm - and ultimately airless.
0.3 Dull, dumb and devoid of any passion, Breathe In is an unconvincing romance that squanders its talented cast.
0.625 Breathe In is all simmer, no boil, despite an abrupt, overwrought, agonizing emotional climax that's too much, too late.
0.375 It's a maddening mix of realistic characters, fine performances, ponderous pacing and oppressive mood lighting, none of which serve to cover up one central, glaring problem: a romance that never feels real.
0.5 The choices and heartache all unfold exactly as everyone knows they will, with choice delivered as a luxury that committed adults don't always have. You don't say!
0.6 Sometimes, when it comes to getting across specific themes or ideas, creating a mood can do even more than developing a story or writing dialogue.
0.75 The May-December romance is an overworked genre, but steady hands guide this one with intelligence to a sad but satisfactory conclusion.
0.75 Top performances by Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones ... make the film emotionally rich.
0.5 At every possible turn, the film chooses to take the dumbest and most reductive path. It remains semi-watchable nonetheless, which is a testament to the skill of its four lead actors, who valiantly struggle to remain truthful.
0.625 Well-acted and pretty, but slow and kind of PG-13 pervy, too.
0.25 Seemingly high-brow because it's so low-key, but underneath that veneer is an inert, thinly plotted melodrama premised on trite characterizations that would be offensive if they weren't so absurd.
0.6 Doremus opts for a slow boil compared to his previous film's passionate whirlwind, while maintaining a sense of intimacy and urgency magnified by Jones and Guy Pearce's soulful performances.
0.6 After chosing her roles wisely, brilliant Felicity [Jones] is right at the point where her film career is set to really take off.
0.6 The performances are excellent. The script is a dud.
0.6 A very controlled, well-executed picture in which the flash of passion never quite arrives.
0.8 Doremus is aware of the evocative power of light, capturing the sensuousness of a warm summer night or the intimacy of a pale, misty rain that wraps around the house like a blanket.
0.4 The whole thing unspools at such an unremittingly earnest pitch that it leaves you groping under your seat for a ventilator.
0.6 The plotting is a little too neat but the acting is first rate and Doremus side-steps obvious cliches in the unfolding attraction between older man and younger woman.
0.8 It's a strikingly authentic chronicle of forbidden love and one that never lapses into melodrama or hits a false note.
0.8 What swings it are irresistible performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
0.6 There are halting verbal exchanges, half-smiles and Pearce gazing wistfully out of windows (mourning his youth), all of which creates a dreamy, seductive atmosphere.
0.6 Delicate in its portrayal of a shifting family dynamic, this is another film to mark Doremus out as a talent to watch.
0.8 It may not sound much, but it's a rare drama confident enough to offer a portrait of normality, then let things elegantly unravel.
0.4 Doremus just can't seem to tease out psychologically interesting performances from talented actors. Too bad.
0.6 A drably predictable effort which peters out with a whimper rather than a bang ...
0.6 A movie held together thanks to the performances delivered by Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
0.6 On the whole the film's sourness feels sophomoric - the attempt of a young director overly affected by American Beauty and The Ice Storm to seem worldly-wise ...
0.8 Emotionally engaging, enjoyable drama with a thoughtful script, composed direction and a pair of perfectly pitched performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce ...
0.8 It's a simple refrain, and familiar, but played this well it resonates like a symphony.
0.7 A bit familar, but the acting is excellent- especially from Guy Pearce.
0.59 Breathe In comes ever so close to pulling an emotionally satisfying romance from what is, at its core, a rather pervy story.
0.4 It's difficult to pinpoint the exact moment at which Breathe In falls apart, mostly because hindsight reveals it was probably doomed all along.
0.8 It is a finely calibrated piece of work from one of the more talented US film-makers to emerge in recent years.
0.75 Done with Kurosawa's subtle touch of irony.
0.7 Scandal is not a great film, but it is much more than a curiosity, and much funnier than any plot synopsis might suggest.
0.8 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an immensely disturbing and tragic morality tale, which focuses on the consequences and repercussions of a sinister act driven by greed.
0.75 Lumet proves he's still a master storyteller, and Philip Seymour Hoffman is fantastic.
0.875 No matter how irredeemable and pathetic the behavior of their characters might be, Hoffman and Hawke evoke a squirming recognition and empathy.
1.0 Lumet is still one of the best directors in the business.
0.4 Lumet's latest film, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an unpleasant film with unpleasant characters. It would be easy to dismiss, if it weren't directed by maestro Sidney Lumet. But the movie is labored and repetitive.
0.875 Sometimes it feels like too much, but then again, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an exercise in piling it on, with each plot twist all but guaranteeing the absolute damnation of its struggling characters,
0.625 My biggest problem with this movie is that underneath all the style and film tricks, I really didn't like or care what happened to any of these characters.
0.75 This is one of the most gut-wrenching thrillers in recent memory, and it features a real sucker-punch ending.
0.8 Si William Shakespeare viviera y fuera guionista, el resultado podria ser algo bastante parecido a esto.
0.8 Traz o peso de tragedia grega que Woody Allen buscou com sucesso apenas moderado em O Sonho de Cassandra.
1.0 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead won't do much for anyone's feelings about human nature, but it will definitely restore your faith in gritty crime movies.
0.875 This would be a vigorous film for a man of any age, but it's a special treat from our favorite octogenarian.
1.0 This masterfully-crafted, multi-layered murder mystery proves that the legendary Sidney Lumet hasn't lost his edge, despite being well into his eighties.
0.875 The film's director, Sidney Lumet, is 83 but he hasn't lost his feel for bleak New York stories programmed to end in tears.
0.8 Conceptually bold and unnervingly suspenseful, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is one of the best films Lumet has directed in a very long and at times uneven career.
0.8 It's pretty good, isn't it?
0.8 Hoffman's brilliant in this nailbiting thriller and character study.
0.7 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a sleeker, slimmer film than Lumet's done in some time, but it is quite possibly his strongest work in decades.
0.9 Even though the story plays out nonlinearly, the intensity surges up a straight slope. This would seem impossible if not for the masterful screenplay by first-timer Kelly Masterson and deft direction by Sidney Lumet.
0.5 Marked by hammy performances and outlandish revelations, Sidney Lumet's film can barely hold a candle to his greatest work.
1.0 In its relentless and uncompromising nastiness, cold-sweat tension and fear, its serious engagement with the idea of evil and sin and finally in the way it evolves, persuasively, into a kind of contemporary family tragedy, this is in a different league.
0.8 If you want a quality crime caper, then this is for you.
0.8 Hoffman's reliably superb while Albert Finney, as the lads' father, is as good as he's ever been.
0.5 A crime melodrama that takes risks with characterisation and narrative structure, but ends up as awkward, indulgent and hard to like as its main protagonists.
0.6 Lumet doesn't damn himself, but it's hardly cinema heaven. Hoffman, Hawke and Finney claw strong moments out of an underwhelming script, but for some the only thing that'll stick is Marisa Tomei with her kit off.
0.833333333333 Superior fare, packed with insight and suspense.
0.6 Veteran director Sidney Lumet (Serpico, Dog Day Afternoon) shows he's no slouch at 83 when it comes to crafting first-class thrillers with a pitch black core.
0.8 Bleak, brutal and quite possibly brilliant, this is a triumphant return to form for Lumet and further proof that Hoffman is on an incredible winning streak.
0.8 Impressively directed by Sidney Lumet (he's 83, you know), this is a thoroughly gripping thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from its two leads.
0.9 There may be very little that is nice about the people in this ferocious family film from Lumet but it's awfully nice to see him pull it off this late in the game.
0.75 Before the Devil Knows Your Dead is an insightful, incisive lesson in potential. Every frame oozes desperation and there is always a plan being concocted.
0.875 I want Albert Finney's Lincoln Town Car.
0.68 Unfortunately, like Andy's character, the parts don't add up.
1.0 Lumet's "Network" earned an incredible five acting nominations come Oscar time (three wins) and I wouldn't be surprised to see "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" earn a solid four.
0.9 It's powerfully crafted, intensely paced and brilliantly acted from all involved players, and a film that's easily [Lumet's] best since Network.
0.3 A miserable, dejected little flick.
0.8 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is kinetic. It's dynamite laced with electricity. It's a perfectly played puzzle that's final images make for an astoundingly satisfying statement.
0.91 ...echoes of Sophoclean tragedy ... and the Old Testament
0.75 Lumet moves Devil with a purpose, all the while maintaining a firm grip on his live-wire cocktail of guilt and paranoia.
0.875 One of the pleasures of "Devil" is watching what a classic, old-school director Lumet is, focusing intensely on character and staging rather than relying on fast edits or visual trickery.
0.75 While Masterson's script might come up a hair short, Lumet remains firmly in control: Even at 83, there's nothing arthritic about his ability to engage our emotions or our intellect.
0.75 Hawke, in particular, puts on a blistering show of flustered regret.
0.9 At age 83, Lumet proves he's at the top of his game with this expertly directed melodramatic thriller, relentlessly teasing us with a twisty story and provocative characters.
0.875 Lumet navigates the shifting narrative nimbly, and effortlessly handles the plot twists and emotional beats with equal precision.
0.7 The film has some powerful drama with Philip Seymour Hoffman turning in a superb performance. But the tone is relentlessly downbeat.
0.8 A darkly realistic vision of extraordinary power.
0.8 Classic Lumet.
0.4 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead brims with possibility, but very little of it actually works.
0.875 One of the most electrifying genre films of the year.
0.8 Before The Devil Knows You're Dead plays around a bit with time and perception, and the story unfolds at a tremendous clip. The movie is not without its share of black humour, but it's an exercise in violence and adrenalin. And tragedy.
0.75 At a time when family movies are usurped by fantasies of sentimental feelgood, Lumet's latest -- the mangled-heist melodrama Before the Devil Knows You're Dead -- delivers a swift kick straight to the jewels.
0.875 Last month, there were a couple of movies (Michael Clayton, We Own the Night) that recalled the '70s heyday of director Sidney Lumet. This month, we get the real deal.
0.875 Sidney Lumet's Before the Devil Knows You're Dead starts with a bad idea -- a plan by two brothers to rob their parents' jewelry store -- and whips itself into a beautifully acted, nervous-making frenzy of a melodrama.
0.875 Lumet's rejection of despair and cynicism despite the grimness of the events he depicts ('Fail-Safe' ends with the obliteration of New York) and his refusal to disrespect the intelligence of his audience seem more valuable every day.
0.5 The problem is not that the director is working but that his latest film is working too hard. Way too hard a" this thing is melodrama running a marathon.
1.0 The family dynamics are skillfully rendered, the suspense is bruising and each man's performance is a revelation.
0.5 Just when Lumet starts to build some decent tension, he cuts back, losing the suspense and replacing it with a rehash of what we've already seen.
0.8 [Lumet's] best film since 1982's The Verdict.
0.9 Loaded with operatic gravity and noirish fatalism.
0.8 Despite its idiosyncrasies compared to more modern thrillers, it's a fine addition to an outstanding season for movies.
0.6 There's a sense of the filmmaker himself trying to decide just what to make of this spectacle he's staged, what stance to take.
0.875 Proving why he's still an American classic, 83-year-old director Sidney Lumet turns in another brilliantly executed crime thriller
1.0 If God is in the obvious details, Devil is in the ones you might tragically overlook.
1.0 There's no larger message other than that greed gives us something to hold on to even as it kills us.
0.8 Lumet works with a fine cast of actors who are all at the top of their game.
0.9 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is often an uncomfortable film to sit through, but the rewards it offers make it well worth the effort.
0.7 Gives a crackerjack cast some fine characters and dialogue to tussle with.
0.5 ...(a) dark, dour, depressing dirge.
0.9 Insightful, impeccably crafted crime drama with the moral undertones of classic Greek tragedy.
0.875 [Lumet] proves that at 83 he's still the master of the game.
0.875 Watching this impeccably crafted melodrama, you feel grateful for a veteran filmmaker who serves a gripping story with a confident efficiency that's lean, mean and focused like a laser.
1.0 An invigorating, refreshing and unusual thing to see one done so expertly.
0.8 This is no nostalgia trip taken by an 83-year-old director. It's a fierce, hot slap of a movie, a shameless melodrama with bite.
0.75 Sidney Lumet makes his best movie in ages, a crackerjack crime thriller that goes for the jugular.
1.0 Sidney Lumet's Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is such a superb crime melodrama that I almost want to leave it at that. To just stop writing right now and advise you to go out and see it as soon as you can.
0.9 Lumet's latest proves as riveting and ambitious as any of his best work.
0.875 ...like being trapped in a closet with your greatest regrets.
0.8 Somehow, Lumet and his expert cast are able to make his shady characters compelling even though these folks might pause for only a passing thought before stabbing each other in the back, literally.
1.0 Lumet's film is a stunner.
0.9 This is an actor-y movie. Even if you think the plot is a little implausible, and you're worn out by the grand tragedy of it all, you can't deny that the actors aren't giving it everything they've got.
1.0 From start to finish, "Before The Devil Knows You're Dead" is an absolute knockout and can already be ranked as one of the pinnacles of the long and reasonably distinguished career of Sidney Lumet.
0.875 A sharply acted and highly entertaining morality play.
0.75 Lumet directs the script with the actor-centered efficiency that has served him well over a surprising array of projects.
0.625 ...nothing more than a perfunctory thriller...
0.8 It has been exactly 50 years since Sidney Lumet made his first movie but let's hope on the basis of this shattering edge-of-your-seat stuff that he hasn't made his last.
0.8 At 83 years-old, Lumet still manages to deliver this film in a captivating, edge-of-your-seat fashion.
0.875 The true star of this nerve-racking family crime drama, shot with a minimum of fuss by Ron Fortunato, is playwright and first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson's deft script.
1.0 This flick is fast and ferocious, [Lumet's] sharpest and best since Prince of the City -- and surely one of the year's finest.
0.625 As deliberately provocative and in-your-face ugly as this film is, it still plays as second-rate Tarantino instead of first-rate Lumet.
0.9 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a chronicle of destruction -- physical, spiritual and moral.
0.875 Lumet's movie is about people rather than jewels or guns. And, at 83, he knows a thing or two about people.
0.7 The skill of the movie comes in using its structure to peel away the outer layers of these people and to slowly reveal the depths of their psychological damage.
0.75 You get all the weight of dishonorable people and the choices they make and the added pounds of a more modern style that probably keeps a very good film from ranking with Lumet's classics.
0.8 Lumet hasn't been this energetic and perceptive since The Verdict, released two-and-a-half decades ago.
0.875 Family, and the core ideals that hold them in place, are blown to smithereens by the robbery at the ravaged heart of Sidney Lumet's scalding new thriller.
0.5 It's tough for a movie that starts out with a doggy-style sex scene in Rio to maintain momentum, and Before the Devil isn't nearly as carefully sculpted as Tomei.
0.833333333333 The movie, however, belongs to Lumet: The fact that he's produced such a vital work as an octogenarian is amazing enough, but the way this tragedy unfolds without a single false move puts the film among the best work of a very prestigious career.
0.75 This is not classic Sidney Lumet, but it's ample evidence that after more than 40 years working in this business, the director is still capable of crafting an entertaining and thought provoking motion picture.
0.875 Working with the startlingly talented new screenwriter Kelly Masterson, Lumet fuses dark wit, suspense and tragedy into a time-shifting movie that vibrates with energy.
0.6 A tense crime thriller directed by Sidney Lumet that explores the dark side of sibling rivalry.
0.75 Most of Before the Devil Knows You're Dead works so well as a fatalistic, post-Tarantino neo-noir that the last third's attempt to frame the drama as King Lear-level tragedy plays as an unnecessary reach.
0.4 Masterful plotting and fine acting can't make this story any more appetizing.
0.9 A crime drama on par with classics like the Coens' Fargo with intense drama in the vein of Todd Field's In the Bedroom.
0.7 A messy script isn't enough to undermine these clever veteran actors, who manage to make the most of the humour, drama and action without ever losing their dignity.
0.6 Stand Up Guys probably won't appeal to anyone whose father hasn't got friends of pensionable age.
0.4 It's depressing to see the likes of Pacino reduced to making erectile dysfunction jokes, more so when the film labours the gag by having him overdose on Viagra.
0.6 There's sharp dialogue and the odd, startling moment of emotional intimacy scattered amidst the dreck; enough to make this a solidly entertaining couple of hours if you try resolutely not to think about it too hard.
0.7 Frankly, if you put Al Pacino, Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin in your movie, you don't really need to worry about the script: we'd happily watch them do just about anything on-screen.
0.4 Think what they might have achieved with better material.
0.4 An initially promising, increasingly glutinous buddy comedy that exploits and squanders the talents of its starry cast.
0.6 With a little bit of chutzpah and a fistful of Viagra, the tough guys of yesteryear can still come staggering back to make a decent movie.
0.6 A rewarding mash-up of Last of the Summer Wine and Goodfellas.
0.2 You'd think that septuagenarians Al Pacino and Christopher Walken would still have enough self-respect left in the tank to steer clear of debacles like this.
0.75 There's much entertainment ... in watching a trio of great actors in the twilight of their careers, at work with a strong script.
0.6 Stand Up Guys is very much an old man's film, but Stevens just about delivers the performances that its ageing audience demands.
0.86 It's hardly great, but it's refreshingly old school.
0.65 There's something about Stand Up Guys that's both brilliant and poignant.
0.1 ...to watch Al Pacino overact with such a deficient script and lackluster directing is agony no moviegoer should be required to endure.
0.6 There are no real surprises and not a lot of drama in Stand Up Guys, but since the actors not delivering the goods are septuagenarians Christopher Walken, Al Pacino and Alan Arkin, you're in for a show nonetheless.
0.875 For a film about coming to terms with death, Stand Up Guys is funnier than you might expect, and never once sinks into sentimental treacle.
0.5 Throw in Alan Arkin and this would seem to be a promising premise, but the dialogue didn't click and the film just meanders through it's one evening.
0.58 If it wasn't for the talent on screen I may have been bored by this, but hey, you hired these guys for a reason, right?
0.4 Wobbly and contrived: given that cast, it could have and should have been so much better.
0.625 Some actors don't need top-shelf material. Just the pleasure of their company is enough. And so Al Pacino, Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin turn the insubstantial Stand Up Guys into solid entertainment.
0.5 There's not much to the story beyond its thin conceit, so the filmmaker relies on his stars' charms. Even when it comes to Oscar winners, that approach only gets you so far.
0.625 It's just fun to watch Pacino, Walken and Arkin work together, very much enjoying the shared experience. Seeing Stand Up Guys is an offer you could easily refuse, but hey, why fight it?
0.5 Stand Up Guys needs a Grumpy Old Men-ectomy, stat.
0.6 Stand Up Guys gets caught up in stereotypical old-timer laughs but its principal cast shakes them off and ultimately makes the experience fulfilling.
0.8 Reminds us Hollywood rarely turns out actors like this anymore.
0.875 A small film featuring three wily, veteran screen thespians in a storyline based in loyalty and friendship, Stand Up Guys is, in its offbeat and often warm way, a killer little movie.
0.625 If actor-turned-director Fisher Stevens pushes the geriatric comedy too hard at times, at others he's wise to lay back and let the actors just work.
0.625 A thoughtful little buddy caper comedy that wisely exploits the audience's natural affection for its aging stars.
0.5 Cycles through too many haphazard and improbable set-ups to amount to anything more than a collection of signed offer sheets in search of a movie.
0.5 The awfulness of the narrative is plain to see, and yet...no one can say Stand Up Guys lacks personality.
1.0 If you don't think Al Pacino still has it in him, this is a welcome chance to be proved wrong.
0.5 The degree to which "Stand Up Guys" succeeds at all is completely dependent on Walken, who elevates everything around him by seemingly doing nothing at all.
0.625 Not a great movie, but it's fun to watch Pacino and Walken make an effort.
0.6 The script is clunky, the story is contrived -- but old pros Walken and Pacino are an absolute pleasure to watch working together.
0.375 The movie is all over the place in terms of tone and only finds something resembling honesty when it drops the embarrassing shtick of crude comedy and lost-glory adventuring.
0.2 Guys has the lax, sleep-deprived vibe of one of those end-of-the-show "experimental" sketches on Saturday Night Live.
0.375 It's been a long time since a movie wasted as much talent as Stand Up Guys, a film that aims to be a geezer Goodfellas but whose execution is a misfire.
0.75 Makes its way under your skin thanks to its three lead actors, all of whom have a way of bringing a uniquely weirdly spin to their not-so-tough-guy lines.
0.625 I can't argue that performers the stature of Pacino, Walken and Arkin don't deserve better material, yet it's so nice to have them onscreen together I'm in no mood to quibble.
0.5 "Stand Up Guys" is mostly a string of low-key, almost-amusing chats over breakfast tables and pool tables, as if just watching these actors exhale should be entertaining enough.
0.5 There's far too much meandering here for it to make much of an impact. If [Heidle] had buckled down and concentrated on the most important element of the story, he really could have had an intriguing character study.
0.625 Just because "Stand Up Guys" is not very good is no reason not to see it.
0.5 Elegiac and corny and not really convincing on any level ...
0.5 With these legendary dudes on duty, this otherwise dark and dingy movie has some geriatric electricity to turn the lights on.
0.375 It's like watching your grandfather get naked on YouTube.
0.6 In the end Stevens, probably wisely, just gets out of the way and lets the old guys have a ball.
0.4 A huge mess, lurching through jarring shifts in tone and never really succeeding in any of them.
0.5 Clearly, neither writer Noah Haidle nor director Fisher Stevens knows what he's doing but they do, at least, appear to realize how lucky they are to have three old pros in their leading roles.
0.25 An excruciating and melodramatic comedy.
0.25 Arkin in particular can barely hide his lack of enthusiasm for the material. Some of the looks he shoots his co-stars appear to contain a secret code of some kind, deciphered as: 'Well, at least I'm in 'Argo.'"
0.875 Sometimes it's all about the casting.
0.375 The old man and the Cialis.
0.4 I will continue to hold out hope for a good Pacino/Walken team-up in the future, but with writing this rote and unremarkable, Stand Up Guys is just as flaccid as its main character's penis.
0.375 Has Al Pacino ever looked so small?
0.4 A clever concept squandered on a mediocre screenplay and an inexperienced director.
0.625 There's enough humor and tenderness in Fisher Stevens' film to make it a passably enjoyable experience for the most part.
0.5 A fine cast stumbles and falls and never quite gets back up again.
0.73 For those in step with Stand Up Guys' hokey comedy, there is a lot to enjoy.
0.5 Really, what do the actors have to work with here? The movie isn't funny enough to allow them to burlesque their images, or serious enough to give them a way to reflect upon them ...
0.25 Painful, misshapen and a little gross. It's an enlarged prostate of a movie.
0.625 Fails to plumb the dramatic depths of its setups, but every now and then the actors pick up the slack, filling in the blanks with three decades's worth of mythic resonance.
0.6 Despite some predictable predicaments - and the inevitable Viagra joke - the film is clever in the way it deals with the high cost of mob connections and the even higher cost of old age.
0.6 Most of the modest pleasures are in the ways the men expertly play off one another and invest their shallow characters with more depth than any filmmaker could reasonably expect.
0.4 Pacino - embracing painful Viagra jokes with abrasive, motor-mouthed energy - either needs better gigs or stronger guidance.
0.2 This moronically unfunny gangster comedy fluctuates wildly between the lowest-of-low humor and pity-the-aged-man pathos, and offers further evidence that the best days are behind its iconic cast members.
0.8 While Anya Muylaert's engaging drama doesn't shy away from the realities of life as a home help in Brazil, she also concentrates on the upbeat humanity of those involved and suggests that change may be coming with the next generation.
0.6 Story about life's turning points is not for kids.
0.6 Miller has made a provocative, intimate triptych of short stories.
0.4 Miller's film is bold and hearty, but it's also a ham-fisted wallop to the senses.
0.8 All three women deliver remarkable performances.
0.4 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time.
0.5 A stuffy bore, filled with amateurish psychological 'insights' that make it seem like a more-ambitious -- and infinitely more pretentious -- Lifetime channel cable movie.
0.75 None of the three stories has much narrative breadth ... but there is depth.
0.625 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please, and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses, nor their characters, deserve.
0.75 Together, Miller, Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate, intimate and intelligent journey.
0.7 Personal Velocity seems tailor-made for art-house audiences. It still cradles that short-story essence...but takes it to a place that stretches just beyond the page.
0.875 It's a short film, but it takes us deep inside each woman's head; by the end of each segment, we can look at each character's face and know what she's thinking.
1.0 Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary.
0.875 These are complex characters.
0.75 Redeemed by the fine performances and by the moody and effective digital photography of Ellen Kuras.
0.7 Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life.
0.75 As a work of fiction Miller's film doesn't always have the maturity to stand up to its own convictions, but Sedgwick, Posey, and Balk make the whole experience worthwhile.
0.75 Each individual, self-contained segment serves as testament to Miller's strengths as a storyteller.
0.2 Ventimiglia yammers constantly about what the characters did, why they did it, and what they thought at the time and later.
0.8 Writer/director Rebecca Miller has learned something significant about craft at her father's knee. Kyra Sedgewick is a standout.
0.875 Delia, Greta, and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year. As each of them searches for their place in the world, Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking, flawed humanity.
0.875 Those wondering if movies still have power to shock need only watch the first few minutes of Rebecca Miller's lovely, free-swinging film Personal Velocity.
0.5 A hit-and-miss affair.
0.875 With tightly organized efficiency, numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension, Miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises.
0.875 My thoughts were focused on the characters. That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller. If I had been thinking about the visual medium, they would have been doing something wrong.
0.5 Velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified, sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene.
0.6 Featuring decent to strong performances and stories, the film has its moments. Yet, the segmented/fragmented format undermines the effort, no matter the loose, connective theme.
0.875 Boasts the finest female ensemble of the year.
0.75 Keenly observed triptych.
0.625 Taken individually or collectively, the stories never add up to as much as they promise.
0.875 Makes you feel like you're reading a great compendium of short stories in which vibrant images literally burst from the pages.
0.7 Miller gets away with stuff that other filmmakers are crucified for (too much narration, that pretentious title) because her characters are so well observed.
0.8 A movie that sets certain strict parameters for itself in terms of time, dramatic focus and technique, and then works modest but striking wonders within those self-imposed limitations.
0.6 Artfully shot on digital video, Miller's film benefits from an improvisational approach that allows three solid actresses a chance to invent their characters as they go along.
0.75 A drama that HBO would be proud to present on cable -- a drama that's often insightful and occasionally powerful but is still, at heart, a piece of television and not a work of film.
0.75 The three main subjects of Personal Velocity prove so vivid and haunting, they leave you wondering why other aspects of the movie don't rise to their level.
0.8 A movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection.
0.3 This hammer-home-the-message female empowerment triptych takes bite-sized epiphanies and blows them up into thirty-minute Sundance Channel confections.
0.375 Woefully pretentious.
0.75 Intelligent chick flick.
0.9 Even when the movie is over, the psychological physics of Personal Velocity will remain in your head.
0.7 All three actresses are simply dazzling, particularly Balk, who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents.
0.5 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives, but it never moves beyond their surfaces.
0.5 Too often, the grainy digital video format deters from the strong performances.
0.4 Nothing really happens besides self-introspection and escape, which can be interesting, but here isn't.
0.9 The perfect blend of image and narrative.
0.75 ...creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above...what could have been a melodramatic, Lifetime Channel-style anthology.
0.48 Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering, Miller's hand often feels unsure.
0.75 The acting is uniformly excellent, with Kyra Sedgwick and Fairuza Balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise.
0.8 It's not trying to be an 'issue' film, nor does it consciously manipulate you to think about any cataclysmic transcendentalist theorizing, but that's precisely why it may be so effective in emotional resonance.
0.75 A trio of stories that make you think: 'Did I ever have a sudden revelation like these 3 women, one that changed my life?
0.375 With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work, especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent, but as is, Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral.
0.7 An intensely moving and oftentimes haunting film.
0.625 A minor work yet there's no denying the potency of Miller's strange, fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure.
0.7 With each of her three protagonists, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life, out of a deep-seated, emotional need, is about to turn onto a different path.
0.6 If West Hollywood really is this bad, why are there so many people around to make so many movies about it?
