0.2 The almost total absence of anything that actually looks like a narrative is one of Left Behind's issues, but it's not, honestly, one of the biggest.
0.6 Mix of apocalyptic book series and the Bible.
0.4 These folks get eternity in heaven, while I'm stuck here watching the Left Behind trilogy. I'm calling my rabbi.
0.4 Atuacoes ridiculas em um filme absurdo.
0.0 Whoa.
0.0 The loosely scripted story is further burdened with clunky dialogue and performances, shoddy continuity, and, well, Kirk Cameron.
0.2 We're asked to buy Kirk Cameron as a hardcore journalist covering an international crisis in the Middle East?
0.125 The only thing "Left Behind" made me want to do was pray that it would soon be over.
0.5 Neither as bad you might fear nor as good as you might hope.
0.6 This picture's b-movie values probably play better on video than in theaters.
0.25 An exceedingly poorly made motion picture.
0.3 For all its intimations of fire and brimstone, the film isn't remotely frightening, and the high-school-level acting doesn't help.
0.66 Solid, unexceptional mix of thrills and human drama.
0.1 Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction.
0.6 The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity.
0.6 Sentimental holiday fare with strong messages about family.
0.5 In his investigation of the legend that Jesus survived crucifixion, married Mary Magdalene and fathered children who married French royalty, British director Bruce Burgess claims to present new evidence--including the mummified body of Mary Magdalene.
0.375 Tedious.
0.3 Daft documentary [is] both exhausting and exasperating.
0.25 If you're a conspiracy buff who believes The Da Vinci Code, and who wants further proof that Jesus was just a man, then have I got a flick for you.
0.625 As purportedly nonfictional cinema, Bloodline poses an implicit dilemma to viewers and critics: How do we know if what we're watching is real?
0.7 Taking up where "The Da Vinci Code" left off, this enthralling documentary inflames the imagination and pushes the envelope of controversy.
0.5 The sensationalistic documentary Bloodline explores the supposition that there exists a lineage traceable to Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
0.5 Here lies hoax and charlatanism, but if Burgess' discovery turns into a proven revelation, his documentary should turn into a runaway hit and my rating turns Fresh!
0.8 Many Ferrara faithful fetching for something uncanny will line up and get what they bargained for.
0.25 Mary is a mess. An inter esting one, yet still a mess.
0.4 Mary is a convoluted, hysterical mess of a movie with grandiose spiritual airs and not a drop of humor.
0.75 A triune plot that Ferrara digs into with sleeves fully rolled up.
0.5 It feels like the kind of snoozy artistic modulation that critics often confuse for maturation.
0.7 Very little of this mess works in any conventional sense, but as the performances begin to redline, the movie examines the relationship between performance and contrition.
0.4 Ferrara presents his ideas in what's meant to be a meditation on the nature of faith but ends up an incoherent, pretentious mess.
0.7 ...both Forest Whitaker and Juliette Binoche (as with the rest of the cast) give such amazing performances that they should be added to the list of the best work of their careers.
0.8 Somehow turns confusion into a concise study on what it means to believe in god in this day and age.
0.67 A serious-minded film about the confusion and anxiety that mark a true inquisition into one's faith.
0.625 It takes a giant leap of faith to accept that Jesus, You Know wasn't staged.
0.7 If watching devout churchgoers pray to Jesus before a static camera sounds like the dullest idea ever for a documentary, think again: This might be the most fun you've ever had in church.
0.75 Inventive and bold.
0.6 Austere, rigidly formalized documentary.
0.52 Thanks to the approach used in filming, the mundane and familiar problems that these people speak of become an informative & entertaining presentation of a collective pathos.
0.875 A thorough examination (and debunking) of the claims that have blurred the term 'historical fiction,' stirred a cauldron of controversy, and spurred record-breaking sales.
