0.6 Light but consistently entertaining ensemble comedy. Dean Cain is a riot.
0.6 An amalgamation of dozens of old television sitcoms.
0.625 This feminist film wins laurels for close attention to detail in a radical filmmaking effort.
0.8 The uninitiated should expect more passion than polish.
0.6 Situated at an unspecified future (that seems suspiciously like the present), Lizzie Borden's debut is neither a fatnasy nor an allegory, though it has an interesting feminist idea at its center.
0.9 The Birdcage grossed nearly $200 million worldwide in 1996, and that is significant. Box Office Mojo says it's the highest grossing queer film of all time, though they're not counting Frozen and 300, and they probably should.
0.8 Campy, comedic romp with lots of profanity.
0.7 Robin Williams plays off of a flaming Nathan Lane with delicious understatement and anchors a farce that moves along at a brisk pace-with or without heels.
0.7 At its core, it is about human relationships. They're extreme relationships, and they're cross-wired to get an electric reaction, but they're real characters nonetheless.
0.5 What might be a surprise, given the talents involved, is how relentlessly unfunny it is.
0.6 It undoubtedly remains a genial crowd pleaser. If the dress fits, wear it.
0.8 If you like to laugh and laugh hard, don't miss this one. It's a genuine hoot.
0.8 Broadly funny, with solid performances all around.
0.625 [Not] nearly as funny as it has been made out to be.
0.6 Pretty funny comedy from the days when Williams didn't feel he had to be either A. TOTALLY CHARMING or B. ABSOLUTELY EVIL.
0.6 It is not the Broadway classic, but it's ok. Just for fun.
0.7 Broad and fairly belabored, but Williams' ceaseless energy, Hackman's dry wit, and Azaria's insanity save the day.
0.5 A glossy miscalculation with Nathan Lane and Robin Williams.
0.375 This critic admired Robin Williams's performance as well as some of the minor actors, but found the film's depiction of gay people more insulting to them than funny.
0.5 The result is a nearly flavorless 118 minutes punctuated with a few hilarious scenes -- mostly owed to the physical comedy of stage actor Nathan Lane.
0.75 What makes Mike Nichols' version more than just a retread is good casting in the key roles, and a wicked screenplay by Elaine May, who keeps the original story but adds little zingers here and there.
0.875 One of those rare motion pictures with side-splitting laughs where the humor never stays dormant for long.
0.75 The interchanges and conversation are hilarious, and the comedy continues to build until the movie's implausible but humorous end.
0.6 This movie is THE definition of average. Not bad, but not good.
0.6 A bit of a letdown in some ways, The Birdcage nonetheless features some scene-stealing performances.
0.75 Far less plastic than most cross-dressing comedies.
0.8 It's a rare event when a remake of a film rivals the greatness of the original.
0.8 An American remake with plenty of new pizazz.
0.8 A well-done portrait of a person who has to come to grips with the fact that love, while a many-splendoured thing, is also extremely unpredictable.
0.5 Those looking for an earnest depiction (and one that doesn't wallow in the seemingly inherent 'leering' of similar films), it's probably worthy of a look.
0.4 When compared to such incisive lesbian dramas as Lianna and Desert Hearts, Rozema's effort seems flat and banal.
0.2 It is so focused on its own boldness, its dare-to-shock sensuality (the film got an NC-17 from the MPAA, but is being released unrated), that nothing else comes through.
0.5 Camille's motivation is a complete mystery to us.
0.375 When Night is Falling has too many unintended laughs for its passion to be convincing.
0.5 Symbols are supposed to be subtle, but Rozema is intent upon bludgeoning the audience with them.
0.75 Rozema is a fabulist with a strong visual sense, and she creates a distinctive, enclosed world to illustrate Camille's odyssey.
0.6 A seductive, sensuous experience.
0.5 Lifetime-movie suds - gay suds, but suds nevertheless.
0.6 If West Hollywood really is this bad, why are there so many people around to make so many movies about it?
